Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1845 Arrogant!

The reply of the Morales was surprisingly calm, but the reaction to it was anything but. There was only one word the Human Domain had to describe it...

Arrogant!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The release Alejandro made was quite simple. He accepted the terms of the other families. He said that he would happily welcome the families of the Human Domain to participate in their Heir Wars, in fact he was a bit surprised that none had ever requested to in the past. He felt that the youths of the Human Domain could have learned a lot from their previous generations, and he was happy that they would finally start with the Nova Generation.

These words alone were a clear gauntlet thrown. He might as well have stepped out and slapped each one of their faces individually, and yet he had done it with a genial smile on his face and without the slightest hint of anger in his tone.

However, this was only the very beginning. Alejandro's statement continued.

In commemoration of this change, the Morales family had decided to change things up. They would open up the Heir Wars Zone to all of the Heirs of the Human Domain. Anyone, regardless of background, could sign up to be an Heir. The only requirement was that one had to display strength equivalent to a Sector Ranked Disciple of the Void Palace and had to have at least three Seventh Dimensional existences willing to subordinate themselves to you. The only other catch was that these Seventh Dimensional existences could not be older than 100 years old.

Just these rules alone cut off the path of many people. It had to be remembered that Rychard was already in his 70s when Leonel first met him, and yet he had only been at Tier 9 of the Fifth Dimension. In addition, he had been in what could be considered a family at the very pinnacle of the Sixth Dimension.

So, these rules cut off the opportunity to a lot of people. But from the very beginning, the Morales were only interested in teaching the families capable of pressuring them a lesson.

This wasn't a free for all.

The Heir Wars Zone wasn't just a place of battle, it was also one of the Morales family's greatest resources. This couldn't be casually opened up to outsiders just because.

In his concluding statements, Alejandro said that this would be the first Domain-wide Heir Wars in their history so he hoped that the other families would show their sincerity. As rewards, the Morales family would be putting up not only their various body tempering pools on the line, but they also placed a chance to meditate within their Holy Land as one of their top prizes.

This news alone unleashed a reign of chaos.

Everyone knew that the Morales family body tempering pools were the best in the whole of the Human Domain, and maybe even in the whole of the universe. They were divided into several grades. There were their Common Pools, their Elite Pools, their Divine Pools, and finally their Transcendent Pools.

To put into perspective just how valuable these pools were, just take the Common Pools for example. By soaking in the Common Pool just once a week, one could reach the Seventh Dimension in the Conventional Path in just 10 years while doing no other training.

And that was just the Common Pool!

The Elite Pool could have this same effect in just one year. The Divine Pool could have this same effect in just one month. The Transcendent Pool could allow this result in just a single dip!

The shocking value of such a thing didn't need to be explained. While the Morales family only had just three Transcendent Pools, their number of Common Pools could be counted in the tens of thousands. There was a reason they held nigh untouchable prowess within the Human Domain!

Even so, the Body Tempering Pools paled in comparison to the Holy Land, or more accurately, the Breath of Incense one could inhale within the Holy Land.

Breathing in these fumes would help one enter a state of enlightenment. Although there would be diminishing returns every time one inhaled these fumes, it was said that during the first time, depending on how deep your immersion, you might be able to break through several Tiers at once along the God Path!

This was akin to the difference between Heaven and Earth. Leonel breaking through two stages at once was enough to leave the Umbra family, who had the Three Finger Cult as a reference, in complete and utter shock. However, the Breath of Incense within the Morales family's Holy Land could induce similar results!

Usually, the geniuses of the Morales family would delay their first inhalation for the longest period of time possible. The further they could make it first, the more valuable the first inhalation. There were even records of those with the best results crossing three and very rarely four Tiers at once within the Seventh Dimension!

A single Tier divide within the Seventh Dimension, especially along the God Path, was even larger than the gap between Tier 1 and Tier 9 of the Sixth Dimension. And yet, this single inhalation could allow such a chance!

The Morales family was very clearly forcing the hands of the other powerful families. They wanted to play games and poke the bear, right? Well in that case, if they wanted to even have the face to participate in these Heirs Wars, they had better bring out the best treasures they had or else they would be laughed out of the room before they even had a chance to catch their breath.

Alejandro had laid down a very heavy gauntlet.

In three months' time, they would hold a conference on Planet Morales to iron out the rules of the Domain Heir Wars. In addition, by then, these families were to have their list of participants and the treasures they would be putting up prepared.

The Morales family had made their move and the chess board seemed to have been flipped.