Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1846 Scorned

Leonel, who had just been making his way back to the flagship, paused and looked up. There didn't seem to be anything in the night sky, but he kept looking. Just half a minute later, a blinding flash of bronze light came and Leonel suddenly raised his hand and snagged it out of the air.

"Oh?"

Leonel had never received such a thing before, but he was almost entirely certain that it had come from the Morales family, he could just feel that familiar sort of familial aura.

He quickly read it once, then twice, something he never had to do considering his memory. But the first time he read it, it was for information. The second time, however...

Leonel burst into a fit of laughter, his laughter so loud that it echoed across Planet Radix. He hadn't had a good laugh like this one in a while. The Morales family was indeed to his liking. Even if he hadn't grown up with them, he still felt like he was one of them.

'A conference in three months, huh? Interesting.'

He could feel that the Morales family was buying him time. They could have put the conference in a week from now and it would have still been enough time for those large families to react, but they hadn't done so.

By the time the conference was finished, probably another month would have passed. Considering the complexity of organizing such an event, Leonel wouldn't be surprised if it took even longer than that. Then there'd probably be at least a couple months after that for final preparations.

This meant even the earliest time for the Domain Heir Wars to begin would be about six months from now. It wouldn't even be a surprise if it took up to an additional year, in fact. The Morales family had indeed done its best to give him all the time they could, something they definitely didn't have to do.

From Leonel's understanding, compared to the most powerful branches of the Morales family, that of him, his father and his uncle could be considered to be the smallest. It should just be the three of them and their wives, making up barely six people.

They had probably been larger in the past, but after his grandfather's death, or maybe even in direct result of his grandfather's death, that ship had sailed long ago.

This was to say that the influence they had on the family outside of their personal prowess was limited and definitely couldn't be compared to the other six Heirs, especially now Adawarth and Alejandro who currently headed the Ruler Faction of the family.

In addition, those other families might think that Leonel was in cahoots with the Morales family to monopolize Earth, but only Leonel and the upper echelons of the Morales knew for certain that this was definitely not the case. To others, it was only natural that they protect Leonel because they wanted those resources, but Leonel knew that they were actually doing this for nothing in return. And yet...

They still stepped out to protect him.

In his actions, Leonel never really thought much about the Morales family. He was so used to the world being against him that he had just assumed the Morales would be plus one to that category. Even when it came to Earth, he was hyper aware that if he ever wanted it to truly be his, he would have to unseat his grandfather.

However, today, he realized that the Morales family weren't so calculating with him. They didn't ask him for anything, they simply protected him because his last name was Morales, they didn't need anything more.

Leonel felt a hint of guilt in his heart when he thought to this point.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Slowly, Leonel closed the letter and carefully put it away.

Leonel titled his head up to the skies again and closed his eyes, falling into silence.

He wouldn't allow the Morales to be humiliated on his behalf. Since these families wanted to pressure them, he would just have to make them pay a price they weren't willing to.

They all knew that the Human Domain needed to unite against their common enemy, and yet instead of doing so, they were more worried about who would come out on top in the end.

Even though Leonel wanted to take the Ascension Empire from his grandfather, did he ever do anything to harm Earth? Even though he wanted the Morales to be under his rule, did he ever harm his cousins? His actions were always measured and when need be, he stepped out to help even if it was in detriment to himself.

However, it was clear to him that the Human Domain and their powerful families wouldn't be sensible.

In that case, there was only one path forward: absolute power.

He would crush them one by one until they could no longer raise their heads, and he would start with their little prides and joys.

Leonel opened his eyes and his gaze became entirely restrained. At that moment, he looked no different form a commoner youth without the slightest hint of energy leaking from him.

With a step forward, he vanished.

**

In the depths of the Human Domain, there was a particular Alliance that was stirred by this, and that was the very one headed by the Omann family... The family who stood maybe in most opposition to the Morales outside of the Suiarf family... The Omanns, the heads of the Force Crafting Guild Alliance.

The Scorned Queen Beauty had been completely silent in recent decades, not making any splashes more movements. She simply silently went about her business and the Force Crafting Guild continued to flourish under her rulership, growing silently more powerful everyday. Even months ago when she received news that her record in the Void Palace had been broken, she hadn't made any movements whatsoever.

However, when news of the Morales family's Domain Conference reached her ears, she casually told one of her attendants to prepare transportation for her on that day.

For the first time in decades, Cynthia Omann, the Scorned Queen Beauty, was going to make a public appearance.