Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel appeared on the flagship again and looked in a certain direction before a smile bloomed on his face.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

'Not bad,' he thought to himself.

He had been paying attention when Raylion first took the demon pill. As he had expected, the process was anything but pretty, for all intents and purposes, he had practically died.

However, Raylion was very special for one reason, and that was that his Ability Index was telekinesis.

Leonel hadn't thought about it much before, but after piecing together that Yuri was most definitely a Spiritual, he realized that the Ability Index she displayed was most likely not her real Ability Index. Of course, it had to be remembered that Yuri's Ability Index was also telekinesis, or so it seemed.

Leonel had posited that there were certain Ability Index that humans had that were actually just close replications of the greatest strength of other races. There was also a specific category of soul type Ability Indexes that gave humans abilities ranging closer to what one might expect a Spiritual to have.

For example, Wise Star Order's and Heira's immortality Ability Index was actually just an ability that Spirituals are naturally born with. Likewise, telekinesis fell into this category as well.

Leonel didn't believe that he was unique. If he could find a method to separate his soul from his body under semi-natural conditions, he believed that other humans could do it as well, they just had to have a certain impetus and a baseline level of talent for it. And, in the case that they succeed, the benefits to their related soul talents would benefit greatly as well.

In truth, Leonel's real hypothesis was even crazier than that. He thought there might be a chance that Spirituals were just evolved humans who shed the need for their mortal bodies.

But he didn't have any real evidence for such thoughts other than some Ability Indexes and the fact he could separate his own soul, so he had only assigned about a 3-4% probability of such a thing being real.

But now that Raylion had confirmed his hypothesis, that 3-4% had increased to about 11-12%.

Raylion looked down at his own hands, an unbelievable power coursing through his veins. As a person with telekinetic abilities, his body had never been very powerful, he could just make it look like it was by using his telekinesis. But right now, he felt like he had been entirely reborn, as though he had risen from the ashes like a phoenix.

Months ago, when he first swallowed the pill, he thought he was finished. His body couldn't withstand the impact and he had directly exploded apart. However, thankfully, a mysterious energy had protected his Ethereal Glabella from shattering along with the rest of his body. From that point on, whether he succeeded or not was entirely reliant on himself.

He was unwilling to give up, unwilling to let his dream go, unwilling to leave Sael behind. She seemed so strong, but she could also be so frail sometimes. She had just finally climbed out from that rut of guilt she had spent years in, he didn't want her to go back into it because of him.

So he had held it together, he had scratched and clawed.

A mysterious energy had perfectly sealed the room around him, so whether it was his Ethereal Glabella, his soul, or the energy of the pill that had shattered his body, it was all trapped in an enclosed space.

Raylion hadn't had much time to think about it at the time, but he realized after he was out of the danger zone that this had been a great help to him. If someone else heard the commotion and barged in, he would likely be finished and never get the chance. At the same time, because the energy was restricted to a relatively small region, he was able to slowly gain the ability to use his telekinesis to reel it in and force it into his control to begin reforming his body.

This was the very first time that Raylion had ever used his telekinesis on an intangible object like energy, he hadn't even known that such a thing was possible until now. Just that process alone had evolved his Ability Index to a level it had never before touched.

If he could control any and all energies with his telekinesis, didn't that mean that he had affinity for any Force he so pleased?

He had never had affinities before so he had been limited in this regard, but didn't he have such a chance now?

Raylion gripped his fists and his body crackled. At the same time, there were small warps and swirls in space that were invisible to the naked eye, but he could feel oh so clearly through his telekinesis. He felt that if he wanted to, he could even rip a hole through the void with his telekinesis.

Raylion was even further shocked by this realization. His body had fallen to the Third Dimension after being reconstructed, but somehow he still held so much power. If he returned to the Fifth Dimension like he had been before, just what kind of power would he hold then? And what if he stepped beyond that?

This was it, this was the power he had been hoping for all this time. No... This was the talent he had been hoping for all this time. This power was just the beginning.

Raylion looked up toward the ceiling, his gaze glistening with unshed tears that he refused to allow to fall. He gripped his fists harder and harder until the droplets that fell were crimson as opposed to a salty teardrop of emotion.

He exhaled a slow breath and stood to his feet. He had to increase his Dimensional level as quickly as possible to allow his body to catch up to his soul.

Raylion reached for the door handle but paused for a moment.

He raised his head to the ceiling and unleashed a mighty roar that shook the room and threatened to destroy it, and yet had no effect on the outside.

Only after this and putting on a set of robes did he return to his normal placid self, opening the door and stepping out into what felt like a new world.

'Thank you, Leonel.'