Leonel faintly nodded to himself.

Right now, Raylion's telekinesis was on an entirely different level whether that be in terms of strength or sensitivity, purely because it no longer had to deal with the barrier of his own body. Right now, his soul talent could truly flourish because it wasn't being forcefully restricted by the limitation of his body.

This was a barrier that all those with soul talent faced. Because the soul was fused with the body, one would inevitably hold back the other. Just by separating them, Raylion underwent a qualitative change. But by also increasing the strength of Raylion's body on top of that, his future potential had been completely re-written and evolved.

The current Raylion, especially due to the fact he had reconstructed his body as a citizen of Earth, had gained an extraordinary amount of benefits that would only continue into the future. As things stood now, Leonel believed that he was only a step or two below the Cataclysm Generation in terms of strength, and if he practiced again and entered the Sixth Dimension, there should be minimal differences between them.

If Raylion took a step beyond and continued to seek out power and entered a unique God Path of his own, then the benefits could only be said to be extraordinary. He may surpass the members of the Cataclysm Generation and never look back.

Raylion wasn't the only one who had benefited greatly. In fact, it was unknown if he was the one who had even benefitted the most.

In Aphestus' room, his body was undergoing a great number of changes as well, but unlike the others, due to his Ability Index, Aphestus' ability to assimilate and benefit from the demon pills was on another level entirely.

While everyone else needed to restructure their body or improve their foundation, Aphestus was just restructuring himself, he was becoming a demon!

This was a fundamentally different thing. If others only gained 50% of what they could from a demon pill, he gained all 100%. He not only gained their strong bodies, he gained their affinities, their strengths, their abilities, their reflexes, their healing factors... everything!

The best part was that Leonel had purposely picked out demon types that were well suited to him and his battle style. He consumed several blade type demons, allowing him to literally grow swords and claws as extensions of his body as he pleased, and he topped it all off by consuming a large number of Fire Demons.

That session alone allowed him to enter the Seventh Dimension with the Conventional Path, a shocking feat that he never thought would be possible for him, but what was even more shocking was that this was the end of what Leonel had in store for him.

After essentially becoming a perfect fusion of blade and fire demon, Leonel sent Aphestus to the Radix family where he was allowed to meditate on the flame within the chalice.

When Aphestus left, he did so with only a third of the inheritance, but with his body having undergone yet another qualitative change.

Not only did he have the body of a blade-fire demon, but he could now swallow flames to strengthen his body and vitality. Due to his foundation as a blade-fire demon, his skill in this third of the inheritance was even beyond that Midas family of the past by an extraordinarily large measure.

He felt so invincible that he roared up into the skies, laughing beside himself.

Sael had also benefited greatly from a third of the inheritance, namely the Florer family's third, the wooden sphere.

It had to be remembered that Sael had a unique Ability Index. She underwent a mutation of sorts when she entered a battle state, gaining a floral battle armor more dangerous than even many metal forged armor.

If Leonel had to describe it, Sael's Ability Index was similar to his Divine Armor, but executed with plants and vitality as opposed to metal and vitality. Just with this alone, she was exceptionally powerful. She had become the most powerful combatant of the Etching Metal Organization, and that was even with Emna being present.

After fusing with a third of the inheritance, her strength increased by leaps and bounds and she felt that her capacity to create more and more powerful armors with her Ability Index had increased. In fact, her Tiers began to plummet as well and she nearly fell out of the Sixth Dimension entirely, but the tradeoff was far greater strength than she had ever personally experienced.

Much like Aphestus, she doubled dipped with benefits. After she had improved her Ability Index, Leonel sent her to Earth to gather up any evolved plants she might be able to increase her own strength with. By the time the months came and time ticked by, she actually returned as an expert of the Seventh Dimension, her aura causing the cocky Aphestus to look on with the first serious expression he had made in recent days as he had been too busy grinning ear to ear previously.

Even with all of this being the case, though, the one who benefited the most was, without a doubt, Emna.

All on her own, Emna had been very close to forging her own path, and that was without any sort of external resources to aid her. She simply relied on nothing other than her own talent.

For her, Leonel did a few things.

First, he sent her to Old Man Hutch. Although Leonel hadn't believed in the old man's path of the blade, he believed that it would be useful for others. Plus, this was the first time Emna was facing a master with talents comparable to her own in the blade and she gained a lot.

After she returned, Leonel handed her a Perfection Stone. Then, she disappeared for months.

No one knew where she went and she seemed to have vanished off of the Earth entirely.

But when she returned, no one could withstand the pressure of looking her in the eye. It felt as though one was staring at the sun, and if they did so for too long, their pupils would be shredded to pieces.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Emna had perfected her path and finally stepped into the Sixth Dimension. Of them all, she was the only one with power comparable to Leonel and Aina at the same level.