Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Brazingers only numbered four. Their current head was a woman who went by Sarathana. She didn't seem to have anything particularly special about her. Her looks weren't too poor, nor were they too great. She wasn't too tall, nor was she too short. She wasn't too imposing, nor did she fade into the background. In fact, if one said that she was the leader among the three, it would feel a bit ridiculous, especially since the one who had spoken was a young man.

This young man was actually Sarathana's younger brother, and maybe this was the reason why he dared to speak in her stead at all. His name was Raffyr and unlike his sister, he was imposing and very noticeable for all the right reasons.

He was tall, strikingly handsome, and he had an obvious air of command to him that made him the largest presence in almost any room he entered. But it was maybe due to this dichotomy that Sarathana was allowed to be the genius that she was. She didn't seem very interested in such things at all, so she was okay to allow her young brother to take the spotlight.

The final two were two young men who went by Berrion and Thedan. They seemed quite used to the interaction between the two siblings and didn't find it to be very off putting at all.

They simply took Raffyr's words at face value and didn't think much about it. Even if they wanted to reject, what good would it do with that monstress by his side? She might look unassuming, but they were well aware of how dangerous she was.

The group pulled out a flying treasure, prepared to make their way to the Moon. But what they didn't expect was that the moment they entered Earth's airspace, they triggered a change.

The four didn't make it far before they found themselves surrounded from all sides.

Raffyr's gaze narrowed. He hadn't expected this aggression, and even if he thought it might be a faint possibility, the speed with which they reacted also felt... too fast. Since when had Earth reached this level and why was it so different from their expectations?

At that moment, the head ship of the fleet that had surrounded them opened up and a man wearing radiant golden armor stepped out. His eyes were a piercing blue and his hair fell like a rainfall of gold.

This man was none other than Governor Duke Arthur Pendragon. Or, as most once called him... King Arthur.

"I hate how right that brat is sometimes, how annoying," Arthur mumbled beneath his breath.

"I think you're actually more mad about him ordering you around, right dad?"

Mordred somewhat seductive laughter came from an adjacent ship, twirling what looked like a sleek black wand in her hand.

Whether it was father or daughter, the both of them had auras within the Seventh Dimension. However, what was particularly interesting was that they didn't seem to have broken through using the Conventional Path, but it didn't seem to be the God Path either. Of course, that was because they had broken through using Camelot's magic system.

There was a reason the integration of Camelot with Earth was the ultimate reward of their Mythological Zone, a reward Leonel only gained after clearing the hidden quest and resolving their love triangle. By succeeding in that endeavor, Leonel had planted a seed for the protection of Earth that was bearing fruit now.

Camelot had just needed a little push, and with Leonel's return, they were truly blooming into their own.

Arthur grumbled. Although he had never said it out loud, he had every intention of surpassing Leonel and suppressing him one day, which was funny considering he had started off so much higher than Leonel to begin with. He could still remember all the arrogant things that little boy had done the first time he visited his kingdom.

But now, he, the mighty Arthur Pendragon, was basically just a lacky. How sad.

SHIIING!

Arthur unsheathed his sword, a radiant golden light echoing through the world. Without a word, he vanished into a beam of light, his body losing its form as he moved forward at impossible to track speeds.

The pupils of the four constricted.

"Abandon ship!" Raffyr commanded.

SHIIING!

Arthur shot by in a blazing ray of light as the four of them didn't hesitate to jump down toward the earth below. When Arthur appeared again, he was standing in the exact same spot, his hand still on his sword hilt.

For a moment, the flying ship the four Brazinger youths had stood upon seemed to be completely normal, but in the next instant, a blade cut as clean as a mirror's surface appeared, slicing it down the middle.

Arthur watched coldly as the four youths fell to the earth below, his aura imposing. However, at that moment, a snort came from his side.

"Show off. You don't get extra points for being flashy, you know, dad," Modred laughed.

Arthur's cool demeanor vanished. He was speechless. Shouldn't daughters look toward their fathers as their superheroes? He actually had superhero-like powers and still couldn't get his daughter to treat him well, where was the justice?

"Follow after them, we can't let them get too comfortable," was the only thing Arthur could say.

"It's too late, they're gone. They were likely prepared for a worst case scenario like this. I didn't even see what method they used to vanish like that," Arthur's son, Lionus spoke.

"In that case, there's only really two options for them. Either return to their world for reinforcements or they're going to meet up with the other three families. Leonel said it's most likely the second. There should be some restrictions on how easily they can move into and out of that world of theirs. The best they can likely do for now is send a message back,"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Mordred replied.

Arthur almost rolled his eyes at the mention of Leonel again, but he didn't say anything to refute it.

"Anyway, let the others know what's happened. They're here now, so we have to be ready for retaliation, especially when they've found out what's happened to their people."