Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's gaze flickered as he quickly looked around. He hadn't expected to kill them all so easily. Actually, if he was honest with himself, he couldn't quite remember whether it was easy or not, he had been in a state of complete forgetfulness, something he had never before experienced.

Leonel shook his head. Right now, this was actually a good thing. Leaning on his talent a bit, especially when he didn't have his Ability Index, would be the best way to maximize his chances at victory.

After a minor moment of hesitation, Leonel rushed forward and began plucking the Beast Crystals out from these beasts. During the battle, he obviously hadn't had a chance to do so, so now he had some making up to do.

The more he swallowed, the greater flood of strength that entered his body. His body was like a dry riverbed finally experiencing its first rainfall after countless months. But what was especially odd was that Leonel didn't feel like he was regaining his previous strength. It both felt like his own body, and yet not like his body at all.

Leonel realized it was incorrect to say that the Beast Crystals were allowing him to regain his former strength. Rather, he was just building up the strength of this temporary body. But this wasn't necessarily a bad thing either. After all, if he was facing other enemies, who was to say that his Sixth Dimensional strength wouldn't be too weak? This way, everyone was at the same starting level.

It took Leonel longer than he thought it would to swallow all the Beast Crystals, but that couldn't be helped considering the sturdiness of these beasts and the sheer number of them that there were.

After he was done, he turned his attention elsewhere. He scanned the pile of beasts before he landed on a three. One was a hawk with a wingspan of over 10 meters, the second was a Komodo dragon creature with thick greenish black scales, and the last was a white furred wolf who, even in death, looked exceptionally beautiful, it was hard to tell that it had died at all, but that was also because Leonel had purposely lts lush coat intact.

Leonel walked over to the hawk and hacked down at one of its large claws, severing one of its legs from its corpse. He held the large appendage that was just over half his height and examined it for a moment. He touched the tough leathery scales that coated it, then flicked a finger at the actual claws before nodding to himself.

He then went over to the Komodo dragon and skinned it before repeating the same process with the white furred wolf.

After he was done, he prepared the rest of his raw materials and cleaned them all in a nearby lake.

Leonel walked to the side of a dead porcupine creature and raked a gaze over its body before he found a perfect size needle and pulled it out. After puncturing a hold in its blunt base, he began to form Force threads.

Leonel was used to using Little Tolly in place of threads, or more accurately, this was the method of Force Sowing his father had taught him. But the most important aspect of the sowing was the fusion, and Leonel felt that if his Spear Force control was high enough, he could replicate the feat.

Losing himself, Leonel didn't focus on the time or anything else. After setting up Force Art protections around himself, he put his all into Force Crafting. The process was a lot slower than he was used to, but it also really allowed him to hone in on his weaknesses.

For example, he wasn't very good at drawing Force Arts without a perfect replica to follow from his Dream World. As such, he was forced to slow his drawing process and really think about every rune he drew. This process actually deepened his understanding and tied down loose ends he hadn't even been aware existed.

His skill as a Force Crafter increased by leaps and bounds and soon, just a few hours later, Leonel felt that he was ready.

He donned his new armor.

The gorgeous white fur of the wolf took center stage, making up most of it. However, in between and hidden in important regions, the black-green scales of the Komodo dragon added a nice hint of accent to the blinding white.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

On Leonel's hands and forearms were a pair of gauntlets he had constructed out of the claws of the hawk. Hidden within the flat of his forearm, a blade formed from its claw extended and then retracted. On his feet, there was a pair of boots modeled in the same style as his gauntlets.

Leonel slammed his fists into one another and the sound of a resonant energy formed. Hidden within the armor, gauntlets and boots, a Force Art solidified them all into one entity.

Reaching out a hand, Leonel's spear flew into his palm and he exhaled a breath. He turned toward his forcefield again, he wanted to see how much time there was left before he fused with another cornered off region. But, to Leonel's surprise, when he touched the forcefield this time, his armored hand slipped right through it.

Leonel's gaze flickered. 'Is this the benefit of clearing your bubble?"

This seemed like the only plausible explanation. Leonel nodded to himself as he moved forward and broke out into a sprint. It seemed it was time to truly unleash unholy hell.

Because he had taken his time to build this armor first, there was no telling if others had stepped out before him, so it was about time he unleashed his own killing spree. But first, he had to find one of the other participants.

He wanted to find out exactly what was going on here. Why were there multiple Spear Domain rings? Was there really more than one in the universe? Or were they just participants from past tribulations? Or maybe incarnations created to challenge him but didn't truly exist?

He had to know.