Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's breathing quickened slightly. He was absolutely certain. If he managed to form a Ninth and Tenth Node, one for each of his kidneys, the compatibility with his body would reach 100%. Not only that, but the benefits would be immeasurable.

If he formed Force Nodes in his brain, spine, heart, lungs and kidneys, his control over his body would reach an unprecedented degree. Not only that, but if he controlled the purification process of his blood through his Force, wouldn't his ability to comprehend his Lineage Factors become that much more potent?

After a while, Leonel calmed himself.

The difficulty of forming a Tenth Node was an unknown entity to Leonel. He still knew too little. He didn't even know if such a thing was possible.

All he did know was that there was a limit to the number of Force Nodes a body could contain. Nine was the theoretical limit.

At the same time, though, was this really an infallible rule? Wasn't the limit of Force Nodes decided due to how much Force one could handle? But didn't some people have larger Force Nodes in comparison to others? In that case, were all Force Nodes really created equal?

Leonel's Force Nodes were constructed with 100 cells. Most people could only form Force Nodes with one or a couple cells at most. In that case, didn't Leonel form their equivalent of dozens of Force Nodes?

In the end, Leonel shook his head. Even though this seemed like sound logic on the surface, he wouldn't act on it just yet. He would definitely hound the dictionary with more questions, but now wasn't the time.

It would take time to research whether his plan was feasible. But unlocking his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor… could be done now!

WENG!

Leonel's aura suddenly became incomparably heavy. Even the chair beneath him snapped and crumbled, causing him to fall heavily to the ground. But, he was so focused in his state of meditation that he didn't even notice.

His dirty blond hair began to whip about wildly, flashing with a bright bronze color before dimming once more, only to shimmer with it once again.

Leonel could see it clearly. The opening of his Metal Synergy Bloodline, compared to his Snowy Star Owl and Spear Domain Lineage Factors, was much more involved.

He could see it before him now. Within his blood, there were five massive gates. However, compared to the first, the next four were too far away. Leonel could tell that no matter how hard he tried, he would never be able to reach those gates, at least not with his current strength.

Realizing this, he focused completely on the gate right before him. It was a massive bronze door, covered in shackles that wrapped around it endlessly.

This singular door was built with several levels. Like a nesting doll, the smallest door was surrounded by larger and larger doors. There were nine in total, with the largest door amongst them looming so tall that even when Leonel craned his neck vertically, he couldn't see its peak. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Leonel took a step forward. He felt that with every step he took , a greater and greater pressure weighed on him. It was as though this door was doing everything in its power to force him to his knees.

Leonel smiled lightly. If it was just a few days ago, his spirit would have directly been blasted out of this place. By then, he would have no choice but to wait for his Lineage Factor to be awakened naturally. But now, this pressure was still within his ability to withstand.

Soon, Leonel's palms were pressed against the doors. Due to his stature compared to the massive doors, he could only touch the smallest.

When he pushed, he felt that he could easily open the first, even with its chains on. But, he found that the second nested door hardly budged. It was only after he put in some effort that even the third nested door showed signs of movement.

'So the harder I push, the more likely it is for the larger doors to budge, huh…?'

Leonel had no idea that in the outside world, the colors he was radiating were wildly changing.

When he barely opened the first door, his hair radiated a dull bronze color that almost looked like dirty copper.

When he pushed hard enough for a reaction to occur in the second door, this muddied bronze became clearer.

By the time he elicited a response in the third door, his hair shone like polished brass. It almost felt as though the fine filaments of his hair were no different than refined metal.

'Interesting…' Leonel thought, looking up toward the highest ninth door. 'Well since I'm here, I might as well try my best, right…?'

At that moment, a mighty aura radiated out from Leonel body. Even the Segmented Cube began to vibrate wildly. Compared to the past, this aura of his seemed several times more indomitable. It seemed that tempering his character had had other effects as well.

A mighty roar left Leonel's lips as he pushed.

What Leonel didn't know was that while he was straining with his utmost, in a world countless light years across the universe, violent changes were taking place as well.

This was the family home of the Morales family. In fact, it was more accurate to call it a family planet as the entire stretch of space was owned by them and them alone.

At that moment, changes were occurring in their Ceremonial Room.

This sacred place was incomparably vast. In fact, if one had the mind to pay attention, though this place was located within the main estate of the Mortal family, it was somehow larger than even the planet they called home!

In the distance, sticks of incense stood taller than even mountains, wafting out a refreshing scent that filled the land with a thin veil of fog. At the base of where these mountainous stick of incense stood, there was an alter that carried several sacred tablets.

Those who knew the teachings of the Morales family were aware that each of these tablets carried the names of a generation of Morales family descendants. And, at that time, the tablet of the current generation, known as the Nova Generation by the family elders, suddenly radiated out a blinding light.

At that moment, the several family higher ups who treated this place as a cultivation holy land suddenly snapped awake.

What was going on? A Lineage Factor awakening? But everyone of the Nova Generation had already awoken…