Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Rapax seemed to sense Leonel almost immediately. It was far too difficult for Leonel to tell what its emotions were, especially without his Ability Index, but the slight hitch in its actions despite the fact it had reacted so smoothly before seemed to suggest that it was actually surprised that a human was coming at him.

This was no normal Rapax, it was coated in golden runes that Leonel had only seen on the most talented of Rapax. In fact, when he thought back, only Rapax of the Seventh Dimension had had these runes. This wasn't to say that only Rapax of that level could have such things, but rather that all those who had had such runes had the talent to enter the Seventh Dimension with their unique path.

What was more important than this, though, was the fact that the Rapax had runes at all. This definitely meant that it had received more than a generic body when it entered this place, speaking to the unfairness spoken about before.

Even so, that wouldn't stop him.

Leonel's figure flickered and he slid by the beasts as though he didn't exist. Not a single one of them reacted to his appearance and to the Rapax's further shock, the beasts treated no differently than one of them, ignoring him and continuing to attack the Rapax.

The Rapax blocked a lunging elephant beast with his spear. At the same time, his tail whipped toward Leonel like a whip. In some sort of weird martial art, it lifted its leg in a violent frontal kick all at once. Without fail, each attack was matched with a viciously sharp Spear Force.

eαglesnovel`c,om Leonel's pale violet gaze remained frighteningly cold, but inwardly he had confirmed Nelligan's words several times over in just a single exchange.

The Rapax were close combat experts, and they were also practically immune to Soul Force to the point they couldn't be seen with Internal Sight. They didn't tend to use weapons and relied on their bodies instead as they lacked the affinity for it. But if one of them was born to be a spearman like the one right before Leonel, the combination of spearmanship and close combat skills would be exceptional.

And now this was no longer a vague theory in Leonel's mind, but was rather a very clear reality. Every single part of this Rapax seemed to be another spear pointed right for Leonel.

Leonel's Absolute Spear Domain thrummed to life.

"SKREEE!"

The Rapax released a war cry, seemingly wanting to intimidate Leonel. Rather than pausing, its attack became fiercer, pressing down with a vicious momentum.

BANG!

Spiraling domain of Spear Force, tail and leg met. However, rather than going right through like he had expected, the Rapax found itself in a stalemate. Having underestimated Leonel, he found himself entangled for far longer than he thought he would be, and because it was still dealing with other beasts, it couldn't do much as Leonel's spear snaked forward, its blade appearing between the natural plated armor that covered its body.

The Rapax seemed to enter another odd stance of its martial art. Using the momentum of its rebound against Leonel's Absolute Spear Domain, its leg and tail drew back and pulled its body into a half spin that shrunk Leonel's target.

Leonel's spear passed through, drawing a line of blood through the joint in the Rapax's natural armor, but it wasn't the deep and devastating cut he had wanted.

At the same time, the elephant beast's trunk swung and knocked the Rapax away. Leonel could tell with a glance that the Rapax absorbed this blow on purpose, arching through the air, flipping once, and then landing agilely on its digitigrade feet.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The Rapax hopped once as though it was loosening his body, but this casual leap of his easily brought him ten meters into the air before he landed.

The elephant beast quickly caught up and tried to follow up, thinking it had the upper hand, but with his eyes still locked onto Leonel, the Rapax swung out his spear just once and severed the beast's head.

The elephant beast kept rushing forward as though it was still alive. It crashed through dozens of meters worth of trees before it finally came to a stop.

The other beasts that tried to take advantage of the situation were instantly shredded by the Rapax's own Absolute Spear Domain.

Leonel didn't follow up immediately, calmly meeting what he thought was the Rapax's gaze.

"...You aren't bad... human..."

Leonel's heart skipped a beat. He was a bit shocked because this was the first time he had heard a Rapax speak, or maybe it was more accurate to say that this was the first time a Rapax saying something was properly translated for him.

He hadn't put any effort into learning the Rapax language when he last met them, so it was only right he hadn't understood anything they were saying. But it seemed that this tribulation did the translation for him.

"... It's rare to see a suppressor among the humans, and that armor should be self-made, right? Judging by your spear, you've already conquered five territories already... how'd you Indeed, because he could emulate Force Eruptions, Leonel's clearing speed for territories was actually the fastest, or at the very least, if it wasn't, he should be near the very top. Even this Golden Runed Rapax had only cleared one territory up until now, this was his second and he was about 75% finished. How could he not be interested after seeing this?

Leonel tilted his head to the side until he heard a satisfying crack. He didn't bother to ask what a "suppressor" was, from the context clues he had gained from Nelligan, a suppressor should be someone who restricted their Spear Force in order to first chase perfection.

More importantly, if Leonel hadn't suppressed his Spear Force, he would have been dropped into a tribulation with those with Sixth Dimensional Spear Force. At that point, he probably wouldn't stand a chance no matter how fast he cleared territories... if he could clear them at all, that is.

"I always thought that Rapax were silent warriors, I didn't expect a genius among them to be so talkative. You're single-handedly ruining the image I have for your race, I hope your blade is stronger than your tongue."

The Rapax didn't say anything to this, but his aura seemed to darken.

What an arrogant human.

There was only a moment of silence, and then a rush of wind, before the two suddenly vanished, their spears crossing.