Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's spear seemed to vanish. In its place, a line that connected the skies and earth appeared in its place, descending with the might of a smite from the heavens above.

In that moment, just the smallest tinge of violet colored his golden spear, causing its power to skyrocket beyond realms of normal reason.

When it crashed down, the Rapax realized that there was simply no blocking it. There was simply nothing he could do.

BANG!

Leonel's spear pierced through the Rapax's stomach and into the ground below, a sharp light that would be denied brightening the entire world. The flash was seen from dozens of kilometers away, opening the eyes of all those that looked up.

Leonel descended with a heavy thud, landing over the Rapax. The white furs on his hermit-like armor and hood fluttered in the wind, but not a single thing seemed out of place even after the intent battle.

Although Leonel had defeated the Rapax, he still looked down at him with hints of respect in his eyes. If not for their gap in power and strength due to the circumstances of the trial, it was uncertain if Leonel would be able to win this battle. Though this uncertainty was only due to the fact that Leonel didn't have his Ability Index, wasn't this Rapax restricted in the same way.

Still looking the Rapax in the eye, Leonel bent forward and snatched his spear.

"What's your name?" Leonel asked.

eαglesnᴏνel The Rapax didn't seem to want to speak, but Leonel only shrugged. It was only a moment of curiously. He fused the two spears together and his became sturdier and sharper once again. There wasn't much of a change in its appearance since the first fusion, but Leonel could feel the changes quite profoundly. It had a bit of extra heft to it, its blade was a little longer, and whereas before Leonel had to rely on his Spear Force to pierce the hide of beasts, he could pierce them relying on his strength and the sharpness of this blade alone.

Slowly, the Rapax began to shimmer away and vanish. But in the end, he did finally speak once more, maybe in gratitude for Leonel not killing him even though he very well could have.

"My name is Urah'Kai."

Leonel looked down as the Rapax slowly faded away and grinned. "The name's Leonel Morales, don't dream about me too much. Train hard!"

Urah'Kai was immediately irritated, but it was already too late for him to get revenge. He could only strew in his own frustration. He, Urah'Kai, a genius among geniuses, had actually only managed to receive the lowest Black Grade reward in this tribulation. How pathetic.

"I'll remember you! I'll crush you with my full strength when next we meet!"

The cry of indignance echoed out, but Leonel only chuckled. This guy had been far too arrogant, he just wanted to knock him down a peg. Of course, Leonel hadn't realized that he had been just as arrogant, or maybe he felt that his own arrogance was only natural while everyone else were posers.

Leonel retracted his spear and waved it a few times. He gave himself a nod before beginning to draw a Force Art into the ground. There weren't many beasts remaining in this zone, so he would clear them quickly. After he finished off three more, he would fuse his zones and allow the more powerful beasts to start spawning, only then would he begin to target more zones.

Leonel realized what he needed most was a movement technique. He wasn't sure if the treasure zone Nelligan told him about would have one, but he would have to take a look.

After reaching Bronze clearance, Leonel would have certain other advantages that he could take advantage of, so he would have to make full use of them.

As expected, Leonel quickly cleared the region. When this one was counted with his others, that made six, plus the one that Urah'Kai had already claimed and he had seven total. He just had three more to go.

Leonel flashed forward and quickly entered a new zone. He didn't meet anyone as powerful as Urah'Kai immediately and made quick work of the next three territories. All three had been headed by young geniuses who were still working on completing their first territory, so it went to show just what kind of gap there was between the participants of this tribulation.

Although Leonel had many questions, he knew that he would likely have to wait to learn more about them. It couldn't be helped. The best he could do now was put his head down and grind.

Leonel fused his now ten territories. The forcefield that enveloped them rippled once before solidifying. Quickly, a surge of Force rushed through and Leonel instantly began to hear the howls of much more powerful beasts.

This time, Leonel didn't instantly draw a Force Art to attract them over, he wanted to see how strong they would be first.

**

At that moment, in the tribulation zone, a pair of young men were meeting.

"Oh, so it's you. I didn't expect our territories to be so close."

In reply, the young man who spoke only received a snort.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

If Leonel was there, though he wouldn't recognize who these two young men were, he would recognize their races.

One young man was handsome to an exaggerated degree. There wasn't a single imperfection on his tanned skin. In fact, it felt like his tan was an illusion brought by the delicate bronze energy he gave off, almost as though the sun's rays couldn't help but cling onto him.

His hair and irises shared the same radiant bronze color and it made him look far more like a carved statue than a living being.

There was no doubt that this young man was a Spiritual.

The other young man, the one who had snorted, was exceptionally handsome as well. He had a radiant glass orb in the center of his forehead, but he otherwise looked entirely human...

Except for the two pairs of hands that floated around him. Despite being completely separate from his body, one would be certain at a glance that they were one in the same existence.

This young man was without a doubt a member of the Nomad Race, a race of beings with six hands and yet just two arms...

The young Spiritual smiled and didn't seem bothered by the Nomad's attitude at all.

"In the end, it will always be the six of us. You, me, Alerina, Pririna, Coldar and Urah'Kai, there's no need to fight now. I will see you to decide the champion in the end."

With that, the young Spiritual turned around and headed in the opposite direction, not crossing the Nomad youth's barrier.

But it was clear that there were more hints of amusement in his eyes than respect... almost as though he was a cat toying with a mouse.

"Edrym, I will personally take your head," the Nomad youth said coldly as he watched the Spiritual youth walk away.

In response, though, Edrym only laughed. It seemed that he didn't care in the slightest. To him, he had shown mercy. Wouldn't it be a shame if a genius like Enul only passed with Black Grade awards?