Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The eight youths fell into silence as they looked toward one another, both of them quite haggard. They looked toward one another and seemed to have a moment of silent solidarity. It was clear at a glance that they had both just come from Earth and had both been harassed in much the same way.

After a moment, the leader of the Adurna family looked around before her face was warped into a frown. This was definitely their base of operations, why was it barren? No... it wasn't barren, it was...

Destroyed.

If Leonel was there, he would recognize this leader of the Adurna family. Although she had grown up, his senses would be too sharp to miss the similarities. This person was none other than Little Nana, the very same little girl that Leonel had saved in the Camelot Zone.

Right now, though, there was nothing about Little Nana that was little. She had already grown into her own, becoming quite a beautiful young woman. In fact, she and her brother beside her were both well into the Seventh Dimension, making them the only two with this level of strength present.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Little Nana's elder brother was also a person that Leonel had met before back when he was first chasing the golden scaled koi fish. He had returned Leonel's favor for saving his younger sister by blocking Simeon and the other two geniuses of the Crudus and Laevis families, and now he had also grown into his own.

"The Adurna family sent two Seventh Dimensional existences?" Raffyr asked, a hint surprised though his words also seemed to be implying something.

It was very obvious to Raffyr that the Adurna family would only do this if they knew something the Brazingers did not, and that was made even more obvious by the fact they had sent Little Nana.

Adrin was only at the level of Simeon and not worth Raffyr's attention, much less Sarathana's. However, Little Nana was a different case entirely, she was a genius even surpassing that of Raffyr's elder sister and had a long track record to prove it.

The only reason the Adurna family was even able to send her out was because she had already been in this world before when she was much younger.

Little Nana's Bind Ability Index allowed her to place restrictions on more than just the physical. As she had grown more skilled, she could even place restrictions on herself, allowing her to fool the eyes of the Regulator and slip by without detection.

However, even while restricted, her current power dwarfed them all, and that would be the case even if she was in the Sixth Dimension like the rest of them, let alone the fact she was in the Seventh.

"We..." Adrin started slowly, "... received a report a few months ago."

"Why did it take you so long to reply, then?"

"We weren't here," Adrin replied, "we were in another Domain and had to come back to shore up things here. But it's clear that we were too late, and I'm pretty it happened to all of us. Someone wiped out our families to the last man. The message only said... Prince Leonel Morales."

"I don't believe it," Nana immediately shook her head.

Adrin opened his mouth to reply, but in the end he shook his head and sighed.

His little sister might be exceptionally powerful, but this was ironically exactly why she had been able to maintain her innocence even to this point. She didn't know what hardship was because everything was too easy, and everyone doted on her. The only hardship she had ever experienced in her life was in the Camelot Zone, and it was ironically Leonel who had saved her from it, so just based on this, the place Leonel had in her heart was exceptional.

What his little sister didn't realize, though, was the fact that even if Leonel had slaughtered them all, he wasn't necessarily in the wrong. Their families were encroaching on the people of Earth...

Of course, things actually weren't so simple considering it was that Lineage that had control over Earth. But as someone born and raised on Earth, it made no difference to Leonel. All he knew was that Emperor Fawkes was his grandfather and that this territory was his.

The reasons the four Great Families had for being here were irrelevant to him. Since they had warred against Earth, there was no doubt that Leonel had lost some people he cared for, so it was only right for him to be infuriated and destroy them if he could.

And since he had managed to come back from that place... given his talent this kind of improvement was almost a given.

However, in Little Nana's naive little world, everyone she loved was always perfect. Whether it was the Adurna family or Leonel, both were in the right, so there had to be something else she didn't know about and the two definitely wouldn't hurt one another.

Having such a naive little girl wield such power... it was hard to tell if this was a good or a bad thing.

"Leonel Morales?" Raffyr repeated this name with a dark expression. However, almost the instant he did so, he regretted it.

Raffyr felt his body go entirely limp and out of his control. He couldn't even look toward the young woman pressuring him because even looking up at this point was like lifting a mountain for no reward other than greater pressure.

"Nana..." Adrin said softly.

Hearing her big brother say something, Little Nana snorted lightly and let the matter go. However, everyone else felt a helpless sort of cold sweat. Raffyr hadn't even said anything bad about him yet, he had only repeated the name in a displeased tone, but it had still caused such a reaction.

eαglesnᴏνel Raffyr cleared his throat as he took deep breaths. Although he was inwardly furious, there was nothing else he could do.

Leonel Morales was a name he knew only because it was tied to Aina Atheleys Brazinger... and even more importantly than that half breed was her traitorous father, Adam Renier Brazinger.

To think that such a person would actually dare destroy their bases... His name had already been placed on a sure kill list, but they hadn't been in a hurry as he wasn't worth that much concern. But now...

Raffyr's gaze flashed with a malevolent light.