Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The elders of the Morales family were left speechless. But, they all suddenly thought of a possiblity.

Their gazes met across hundreds of miles. It seemed that even though each was kneeling on a prayer mat all to their own, without a single sign of life even tens of miles around them, it was as though they were right next to each other.

A double awakening!

Their Morales family was split into two factions. But, the history between these two halves of the family was long and tumultuous.

In the past, the Morales family also had two halves. However, back then, what divided them was the awakening of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. The awakening of this bloodline split the family into elites and commoners. Those who awakened it could enter the main branch, while those who failed could only lead the sub branches of the family.

However, this status quo didn't remain like this. Many generations ago, a second Lineage Factor was birthed within their bloodline. This created not one main branch, but two main branches of the family!

Back then, this had been completely astonishing. The rarity of a Dual Lineage Factor Clan was unimaginable. And, it was precisely this awakening that allowed the Morales Clan to surge up from the middle ranges of the Seventh Dimension to the absolute peak.

Still, though the Morales family faced the world as one, there were inevitably disputes between the two factions. The complexities and intricacies of these disputes didn't need to be touched upon for now, but what was important to understand was the difficulty in awakening these two bloodlines.

The Spear Domain Lineage Factor was the weakest upon awakening. Though it had great potential for growth, it could also very easily remain weak to the point where even some Sixth and even Fifth Dimensional Lineage Factors could suppress it.

As a result of this, there were comparatively more who touched upon the Spear Domain Lineage Factor and their starting points were all the same. There was no distinguishing these bloodlines until they were given adequate time to grow, only then would it be possible to understand whose was stronger. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

But, the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was different. Not only was it far more difficult to awaken, it had a far more robust hierarchy system attached to it.

One can imagine how this might cause problems. On the one hand, the Spear Domain Lineage Factor had amazing growth potential and a high population of evolvers within the Morales Clan. On the other, the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was much rarer and comparatively more powerful at the outset.

Those who initially grasped the Spear Domain Lineage Factor were branch family members who were disatisfied with their position beneath the main branch. While many of the Metal Synergy branch were purists of the family. After all, much of the accomplishments of the Morales family was in thanks to this Lineage Factor!

With a family suffering such inner strife, the best way to continue to maintain the balance was to have many young leaders who carried both Lineage Factors. Only that way could animosities of the past be slowly ebbed away and the family could be forged into a solid steel plate.

Knowing this, it was no wonder the elders were so excited. They would have another double awakened youth from the Nova Generation! They had already far surpassed the number from the last generation, but who knew they would still receive another?!

To put this into perspective, the last generation, the Nebula Generation, only had three such characters. But, if this newly awakened youth was added, the Nova Generation would have eight!

One had to know that the greatest power of the Spear Domain Lineage Factor was its ability to aggregate the abilities of its host to form the greatest spear heritage. This meant that anyone who awakened both within the Morales Clan was already predestined to be an elite amongst elites! The Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was that powerful!

The elders excitedly made their way to the altar one after another. But, despite their excitement, they didn't lose their sense of propriety. This was a sacred land, they had to maintain due composure and respect.

One after another, they performed their bows and kowtows, reverently praising their Ancestors before closing in on the altar one by one.

"Our Morales Clan is truly blessed." A crooked-toothed elder grinned wildly, hardly able to hold back his happiness. "What do you old fogies think, you think this one will open the ninth door as well?"

The elders stroked their beards in happiness, not even minding the crooked-toothed elder's comments. If they were old fogies, wasn't he doubly and even triply so? Just look at that ugly yellow grin. He really lost face for all Seventh Dimensional entities.

"It really does seem that all the stars are aligning. In the Nebula Generation, only one opened the ninth door on their first try. The others could only open it on a second attempt before moving on to the Fifth Dimension. Yet we have seven such youngsters already."

The elders laughed heartily. Their expressions were filled with familial warmth. Though the tablet was burning too brightly to see which name it was that was causing the change, to them, it didn't matter who it was. Weren't they all part of their Morales family?

"Hoho, those are the clear bronze lights of the third door already. Let's see how far this brat goes…"

…

At this moment, Leonel had no idea that his actions were being watched. Though it wasn't exactly like that and they could only be said to be able to see which door he was attacking, he could never imagine that someone else could monitor what he was doing from countless light years away. The means of the Seventh Dimension were far beyond his comprehension…

However, even if he did know, he wasn't in a state to mind. His heart was as still as a lake, his mind as focused as the pierce of a spear.

"HA!"

He roared in his mind as the fourth door began to move.

Flickering bronze patterns began to squirm across his forehead. If one looked closely, it would almost look like Leonel had tattooed a resplendent brass crown onto his head…