Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel began to rapidly descend from the air, his speed picking up with every passing moment. The harsh winds blew against his white fur coat, threatening to blow his hood bad entirely. And yet, he aimed his lance spear forward toward the still growing crater in the ground and did something even more insane.

Knight's Charge.

Leonel drew a line diagonally and down through the skies, accelerating his downward momentum and appearing above the crater in the blink of an eye. He moved so fast that the crater below hadn't even begun to settle by the time he swung again with a fierce momentum.

Pririna was still in a daze, having suffered a crippled wing just an instant later all while having her ribs shattered and all the air knocked out from her lungs. If not for a protective treasure she had protecting her, that single strike might have very well ended her life.

Even in comparison to humans, the bones of the Dwarven Race were incredibly fragile and most hollow. This was why they could fly with such small and weak wings to begin with, and also why their bodies were so much shorter than that of other races. If they grew too large, they would collapse under their own weight.

That kind of harsh blunt damage was the kind Pririna feared most, and yet another barrage was already coming.

Pririna grit her teeth watching Leonel descend like a blazing meteor. Her green irises flickered once as though to memorize his face before her one good wing flapped as hard as it good.

Her body was flung up and out toward her left, just barely streaking by as Leonel collided with the ground.

BOOM!

Pririna hoped that Leonel had bit off more than he could chew. Falling to the ground with that kind of speed without something to break his fall should have at least jarred him. Until now, Pririna hadn't even realized that Leonel was a human because she didn't have the time to pay attention to such things. To her, he must have been from a sturdy race which was why he dared to do such a thing. But so long as he missed her, he would have to deal with the impact all on his own.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

To her shock, though, that weird blue ripple formed again, slowing Leonel's fall just when it seemed that he would cause himself devastating injury.

Even so, half of that impact's strength should have been enough to harm him severely... or so Pririna thought.

Unfortunately for her, she was measuring Leonel by the standards of her current body and upscaling it to a race with stronger bones than her own. This seemed logical to her because she didn't think anyone could clear territories faster than she could.

But she was wrong. Not only had Leonel cleared far more, his body was far sturdier as a result. He had consumed easily what amounted to be at least 50% more Beast Crystals than the person in second place currently.

Comparing her current body to his own was asking to be humiliated.

Pririna spiraled into the ground with a somewhat helpless expression as she watched Leonel spring up as though nothing had happened, shooting toward her direction with yet another Knight's Charge.

Inwardly, she was exasperated. Who had allowed this human to gain a weapon with such an ability attached to it.

Wait, human?!

Pririna's eyes widened as Leonel's spear descended.

"Wait! Wait! I have something useful for you! Don't kill me!"

The Dwarven Race didn't have the same culture of valiance that the other races did. They place survival first and foremost, and they sought it at any cost. Another genius might have felt too prideful to beg, but Pririna felt that in the face of someone obviously stronger than you, such pride was only useful in getting you killed faster.

Leonel didn't originally have the intention of killing Pririna to begin with. He had killed a few geniuses during these tribulations, but those were either people who had pissed him off or didn't know how to give in. He didn't have the time to coddle everyone.

His spear came to a stop just above Pririna's head.

Pririna, who had closed her eyes, slowly opened them again and sighed a breath of relief. However, she panicked again when she saw that Leonel was reaching for her spear.

"Wait!"

Leonel frowned, looking to raise his spear again. What was this woman trying to pull here, exactly? He didn't have the patience for this. Also, he could tell that her power wasn't bad, and given her flight advantage, she should have cleared quite a number of territories. Leonel didn't understand why he should spare such a person.

Plus, if he spared her, how would they deal with this? The territory barriers wouldn't open up again until one of them was dealt with, Leonel had already tested this. If it could, he might not have backtracked to deal with her first.

By now, Leonel was getting a bit antsy. He didn't know that everyone was experiencing a shortage of treasure territories due to his actions, so he felt the fact that he only had two silver grade treasures would come back to bite him eventually.

All this time, aside from his stronger power and speed, his greatest advantage was that his weapon was better than everyone else's. But now the best he ran into all had silver grade spears. If he wanted to maintain his advantage, he needed something better, which was why he was pushing so hard to leave his territory.

But his territory was so large and had so many entry points that he couldn't even do that without receiving challenge after challenge, so he was already frustrated. If Pririna tested his patience, she would just have to join the short list of those he had killed in this tribulation.

"Don't! I have a treasure that can allow one of us to exit a territory unimpeded, it's useful to you, no? If I stay here, no one can enter your territory because it will be in an active state, but you can move freely!"