Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel paused, his gaze flickering.

This sounded like a top class treasure, but even without his usual thinking speed, he could already see several drawbacks to it.

For one, even if you can leave your territory, just like Pririna said, it would still be in an active state. As such, there would be a lot of things you couldn't do, like fusing new territories into it or beginning to spawn newer and more powerful beasts.

This treasure was probably best used as an escape measure to leave the territories of others if you accidentally ran into an opponent far more powerful than yourself. If you used it to escape your own territory, you would always have to come back to it eventually and deal with the enemy you left behind. So, unless you found a powerful treasure on the outside, the end result would be the same. However, considering how rare those were, Leonel wouldn't hold his breath.

This was the main problem. If Leonel used Pririna to block off entry to his territory, it would only be useful for so long. By the time he got to the Gold Grade, not only would he not be able to fuse his territories, but he would also be caught up to by the others due to an inability to spawn beasts.

"I'm not interested," Leonel said coldly. "You have two choices. Obediently hand over your spear and you keep your life, or don't and I kill you and take your spear anyway."

Pririna sighed when she heard this, she had tried. But at least she wouldn't lose her life. She was hoping to hit the Gold Grade, but Silver wasn't terrible either. It was a slight disappointment, but not devastating.

With a flick of her wrist, she sent her spear over to Leonel, but even as she faded away, nursing her injuries, she burned Leonel's face into her mind.

Leonel's gaze narrowed slightly. He could tell that while Pririna's outward showing was demure and flexible, her heart burned with a similar fire as all the others. She was an interesting character. Clearly she could lay down her pride, but she had values she wouldn't compromise.

When she vanished, an orb and a hidden armor was left behind. Leonel stripped down and placed the hidden armor under everything and then took the orb, tossing it in his palm. This should be the treasure that Pririna was talking about.

Leonel didn't care much for it, though, he didn't really have any intention of running from a battle, and he didn't think there was anyone who could make him do it either. But there was no need to throw away decent enough treasure.

Suddenly, Leonel's gaze flickered. 'She lied."

Pririna probably didn't expect Leonel to have the skill to tell. Outside of the person who had claimed the treasure, the true function of a treasure wouldn't magically download its uses into your mind. When Leonel had taken Alerina's armor, he had to learn how to use it himself, and the same was the case for this orb.

After looking at it and checking into his Force Arts, Leonel realized that this orb's ability wasn't as simple as Pririna made it out to be. In fact, it was of the gold grade and it allowed you to freely change the state of your territory.

Leonel realized that if he had taken Pririna up on her offer and left, she could have used tis orb to claim his territory for herself and then rushed away to a new territory while he was away. By the time he came back, he would find himself locked out of his own territory.

Of course, to pull that off, Pririna would have to give up the orb and let Leonel control, but who knew what other tricks she had to deal with that.

Leonel looked down at the flexible armor he had put on without thinking much and realized that it too had an ability.

"What a tricky little woman... I actually thought about accepting her offer too, there were just too many drawbacks.'

The flexible armor's defense wasn't great, but its ability was very useful. It allowed you to tether a home location onto an object and have it appear there with a thought. Usually, this would be most useful in helping yourself to avoid danger, but if Pririna had tethered it to the orb instead, she wouldn't have to risk ever losing it to Leonel.

She would get the territory, keep her life, and be a large way to the Gold Grade.

Leonel smiled and shook his head. He had a feeling that he would mee this tricky woman again. But next time, he would have his Ability Index. He really wanted to see what tricks she would have for him then.

Leonel tossed the orb and caught it. 'With these two treasures, the rest of this will be even easier. I should hit Gold Grade by the end of the day.'

With a thought, Leonel turned his territory into an active one, barring anyone from entering as he rushed out. Finally, he could pick his own target.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

**

The turmoil in Earth's territory only seemed to be growing. The dichotomy between regions of chaos and regions of absolute silence was palpable. From space above, it almost looked like different worlds were colliding. On one side there was lush greenery and endless expanses of nature, and on the other there were acres of raging fire and plumes of smoke that fought against the white clouds in the sky.

But oddly enough, after the initial huge swing in the favor of the rebels and the four Great Family geniuses, nothing happened. Well, maybe this wasn't entirely accurate as a descriptor, it was more appropriate to say that things entered a stalemate.

Prince Noah Fawkes was beaten back by Elorin, almost losing his life several times. However, after realizing that he was no match for Hutch's grandson, Jessica Scarlet and the young heir of the Dove family appeared to support him, causing the battle to become a three versus one with no clear victor in sight.

However, what was especially odd was that Elorin didn't seem to be pushing for victory.

It was then that the geniuses of the four Great Families descended onto the capital and everything seemed to change.

In the skies, King Arthur stood across from Adrin. He had just failed to stop the others from returning to Earth and now he was forced to face off against a tough enemy.

He shook his head inwardly, looking toward Earth. He felt that his decision was correct, but even so...

He didn't feel that Earth had anything capable of withstanding those monsters, at least not without Leonel here.