Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"The fourth door."

The elders smiled brilliantly. This speed and momentum was excellent.

There was a reason the longer one remained awake, the greater potential their Lineage Factor would have. However, this wasn't a universal truth. At least for more complex bloodlines like this one, there were qualitative changes to look for.

Who cared if Leonel spent several days in this state if he only opened up to the second door? Likewise, who cared if he only needed several minutes if he could open the ninth?

It could be said that the higher the grade of the Lineage Factor, the more unique quirks it would have and the less likely it would be to conform to the norm. The Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was exactly like this!

The lights radiating from the Nova Generation's stone tablet began to wiggle with complex runes. Soon, these runes formed a crown not much unlike the crown etched onto Leonel's forehead. It radiated a gorgeous and pure bronze color, the kind that could only be gained after polishing a metal again and again and again.

…

WENG!

Leonel's body quaked as even the floor of the Lab Setting cracked beneath his might. Phase One was simply too fragile. Just the aura of his Lineage Factor alone was enough to cause it to tremble.

Luckily, its self healing properties kicked in. With such a large store of Force around it thanks to the Force Crystal Mine, how could it not repair itself quickly?

Bronze runes began to spread down Leonel's back. They were boxy and straight forward in nature, being carved of straight lines and sharp corners. If one looked closely, it was possible to notice that they followed the pattern of Leonel's Force Nodes, only appearing where they appeared as though drawing a map of his inner body on his skin.

…

The elders were astonished.

"This little brat only formed Six Nodes? Which elder is guiding him?" A ferocious elder's beard whipped about beneath his fierce breath. One could almost mistake him for a bull. "Who allowed such a talent to ruin himself like this?!"

Many of the other elders frowned as well. They didn't reprimand the bullish elder for reacting like this at all despite this being a sacred land.

Which of them didn't know that it was best to awaken one's Metal Synergy Lineage Factor after perfecting one's Fourth Dimensional Foundation? All of the other seven youths had formed Nine Nodes, suppressing the talent of their Lineage Factor until they could explode forth with all their momentum. Doing so with less would put much more pressure on oneself.

Now, all of them could clearly see the patterns stretching down from the crown. With their insight, how could they not tell that Leonel only had Six Nodes?

"At least the foundation of those Six Nodes is at the peak. With the size of those patterns, this brat definitely used at least 80 cells to form his Nodes…" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The other elders nodded, but this only made them feel that it was even more of a pity. If they found the elder that was leading this brat, they'd definitely beat the former until he cried blood. Who would take responsibility for ruining such a genius?

"The sixth!"

The crooked-toothed elder called out.

…

The sharp patterns bloomed across Leonel's body. This time, it no longer remained on his back and instead spread out across his limbs and chest, covering his body in a resplendent bronze that was almost difficult to look directly at.

Even sitting, he looked like a Roman God carved of the most exquisite brass. The energy he wafted alone seemed to make the air around him countless times heavier.

Leonel breathed heavily, his breath coming out so hot that it left billowing white steam in the air. It was just the sixth door, but it was already so difficult. It also had to be said that he had only opened it a sliver, who knew how much strength it would take to open it all the way.

Every time a pattern was drawn onto his body, it felt as though he was lifting a heavier and heavier weight. With each passing moment, his muscles would snap under the tension. If it wasn't for the resplendent light shrouding his body, it would be possible to see ghastly bruises spreading beneath his skin.

Leonel's 'hands' were still pressed against the first door, but his strength had influenced the sixth. The seventh and beyond were still looming over him as though taunting him without restraint.

A deep rooted resolution caused Leonel's heart to quake. He roared with all his might, taking a step forward.

BANG!

The seventh door shuddered, its shackles rattling wildly. The sound of its chains banging about resounded in Leonel's mind, making him feel as though a piercing headache would tear his soul apart.

WENG! WENG! WENG!

Leonel's body finally couldn't bear the pressure. His skin splintered and cracked, raining down a torrent of blood that seemed to fuse with the bronze light around his body. The eerie crimson gave him a devilish air, especially as his hair whipped about wildly.

At that point, even the Abode Setting wasn't left unscathed. Roaring Black Lion, Flowing Wind and Thunderous Clap could only look at one another with apprehension in their eyes. Could it be that this abode treasure couldn't withstand the Force Crystal Core any longer?

Within his Bloodline World, Leonel stood leaning against the first doors, his head hung low. His hair covered his features completely, giving him the disheveled appearance of someone at the end of their rope.

His breathing came out ragged and unharmonious. It seemed that he really might not be able to take a single step more.

…

The expressions of the elder's dimmed. They all felt that it was a pity in their hearts as they watched the patterned lights surrounding the tablet wavering. Had this brat of the Nova Generation been just a bit more patient, it wouldn't have been a problem to open all nine doors on the first try.

Their Lineage Factor was special. The difficulty of entering their Bloodline World would become progressively more difficult with each entry. Likewise, the opening of their Lineage Factor Shackles would also increase in difficulty. This was why it was so important to open as many as one could on the first try.

But, some bastard had ruined the future of this prodigy, how could they not lament it in their hearts?