Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"You are King Arthur?" Adrin asked with a dark expression.

"Hm?" Arthur frowned, not quite understanding the hostility. After all, it was Adrin leading a rebellion, not him. Unless he was made about the death of that blondie from earlier? But he doubted that the relationship between the four families was that close, they were more tied by benefits than relationships, at least that was the feeling he got from his years of experience.

How could Arthur know that the reason Adrin was unhappy was because the Camelot Zone was the very one his sister had almost lost her life in? On top of that, it was the Zone that had led Little Nana to having such a co-dependency on Leonel. Sometimes, Adrin wondered who the true elder brother was between the two of them.

Of course, Adrin wasn't petty enough to hate Leonel for this, after all he had returned the favor back then although Leonel didn't quite need it. That said, that didn't mean he forgave everyone else that was involved.

The secrets of what happened back then in the Camelot Zone were still relatively unknown. It was hard to tell who had interfered and almost turned it into a Unique Zone. Even Leonel, who had been targeted as a result of it, wasn't 100% certain of who had acted back then.

With that perspective, Adrin didn't have enough animosity toward the Pendragon family to go out of his way to seek them, but now that he was here and bound by duty, it made it convenient.

Without answering to Arthur's curiosities, Adrin directly attacked, placing the former on his back foot.

Arthur's expression darkened. Ever since he had come into his own with these odd new abilities, he had very rarely met anyone who was his match. In fact, other than when battling his daughter, everything else was far too simple. Unfortunately, it seemed that his work was cut out for him this time. He had only attacked once, but everything seemed to deflect off of those transparent scales that coated Adrin's body.

Luckily, they weren't completely out of luck. While Arthur was blocked by Adrin, there were other powerhouses of Camelot more than prepared to make a move. At that moment, Avalon made its first large movements ever since the war over a decade ago.

Mordred led a strong troop below, storming into the capital.

At first, they were all cautious. With a rebellion like this, maybe one of the biggest issues was actually telling who was friend and who was foe, Mordred hadn't even ruled out the possibility that there might be some enemies hidden within Camelot as well. It was impossible to tell.

However, after the rust was kicked off and clear lines were drawn, Mordred's wand danced across the air almost as though she was performing an elegant sword dance.

With her as the vanguard and her vicious demon army to her back, they tore a path to the center of the battlefield, trying to effect as much change as they could.

Mordred had never felt more powerful. In the past, she would have to patiently accumulate Dark Force for her spells, even to the point where she felt far more comfortable in the world of demons as opposed to the land where she was born.

But after awakening to Shadow Sovereign as her Ability Index, it felt like she had an entire world of Dark Force to tap into whenever she wanted.

Curses flooded the air, debuffing enemies. Lances, arrows and javelins filled the air, wafting a dense black fog as they manifested from spinning magic circles. At the same time, the land seemed to be slowly being corrupted step by step.

Mordred's demons suddenly shot out from behind her, raising shields and heavy weapons as they cleared the path forward.

As the tides of the battle slowly turned, Mordred sighed inwardly. She knew that the other shoe was going to drop soon, mostly because Leonel had made it obvious that it would. If this was enough, he wouldn't have emphasized caution so much at this point.

Through the carnage of the battle, up ahead toward the palace that seemed to be about to be burnt down to the ground, the clash of Elorin and Jessica, Tyrron and Noah entered her sights. She couldn't help but frown when she saw the kind of power Elorin had.

Suddenly, her head turned in a different direction.

'There's the other shoe..." Mordred mumbled in her mind.

Mordred looked toward a descending group of youths with a solemn expression. Namely, she was almost entirely focused on just one young lady. She looked almost adorable despite the fact she should have been well into her 30s by this point. She had bob cut blue hair and bangs just barely short enough to stay out of her eyes. Her eyes were large and she blinked continuously as though she was still fascinated by the world around her.

But she was powerful. Almost too powerful.

The moment she touched the ground, in the surrounding near kilometer distance, almost everyone froze. This wasn't because of a sudden sweeping cold, or even out of fear, it was a raw, unbridled power of restriction that the young woman didn't even seem to activate consciously.

If she was in range of that, Mordred wasn't even sure if she could break free, let alone battle against it.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The young woman didn't even have to raise a finger, the moment she descended, the few that had followed after her burst into action, cutting down all enemies in sight. In what felt like no more than a few seconds, a tenth of the army was rendered entirely useless.

If Mordred had made small pushes to better their situation, the appearance of this individual had completely swung the tide.

However, just as Mordred was about to grit her teeth, feeling that she was probably the only one who could stop what was happening right now, a man appeared before the ground out of nowhere.

He wore a pair of clear glasses, his dressing immaculate as not a single fabric was out of place. He clasped his hands behind his back and the innocent expression of the young woman seemed to be colored with confusion for a moment.

For some reason, she couldn't bind this man as casually as the others.

The was a man the people of Earth too often forgot, the man who had the official position of Heir to the Ascension Empire, Princess Alienor's elder brother, Leonel Morales' uncle, and Noah Fawkes' father...

Galearon Fawkes.