Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The rampage of the Brazingers, Adurnas, Crudus and Laevis came to a halt before this man. Even so, much like Mordred, he only had eyes for Little Nana who stood right before him, he didn't even spare a glance toward his son who was currently fighting for his life.

"The four Great Families are not welcome here," Galaeron said lightly. "I don't have a passion for killing children, so don't force my hand."

Raffyr's gaze narrowed. He didn't dare to say anything, he knew his limits quite well. The gap between the Sixth Dimension and Seventh was already something that even the greatest talent had a hard time bridging, let alone the gap between the Sixth Dimension and a great talent of the Seventh Dimension like this man.

"Nana, this man will have to be left up to you," a young man of the Adurna family said.

"Mm..." Nana nodded, but didn't make a move immediately. "... Where is Leonel? I want to talk to him."

Galaeron's expression was just the same, but he found this line of questioning to be interesting.

"My nephew has more important matters to deal with."

"Nephew? You are Leonel's uncle?"

"I am," Galaeron replied plainly.

Nana hesitated. She didn't want to fight Leonel's uncle.

Seeing this scene, the others were exasperated, but without Adrin here, no one dared to order this little powerhouse around with impunity. Plus, although Nana was a little naive, she wasn't a fool, she had the capability of understanding what was at stake just like the rest of them could.

Nana bit her lips. "Do you know when he will be back?"

"That I do not know."

Galaeron didn't actually know where Leonel was, the latter had only come by a few weeks ago to inform them of some things before leaving. A lot like his father, his nephew refused to explain anything in clear terms. The two liked to butt heads, but they were practically the same person.

"Then... excuse me..."

Nana suddenly moved. Although her body had been entirely relaxed a moment ago, her explosive speed was enough to leave cold shivers running down the spine of the spectators. Her delicate palm crashed through the air with more speed than the wind trying to move around it could muster, causing the pressure to accumulate along her skin with an explosive might.

Galaeron, though, the one facing this palm strike didn't seem to be moved in the slightest. His tidy hair fluttered and his clothing rippled somewhat. Even before the strike landed, he actually took the time to smooth out those wrinkles before he looked up and pushed his hand forward slowly as though he was using it as a knife to cut into a soft layer of cake.

Nana's large blue eyes blinked. She instinctually reacted to the danger thrumming in her heart and a layer of transparent blue scaled immediately coated her palm, wrist and up the length of her forearm.

The members of the Adurna family who saw this couldn't help but feel their hearts skip a beat. Nana almost never used her Lineage Factor.

Nana had something that could only be described as innate battle sense, something that usually only manifested in Brazingers. Her ability to deploy her power was perfect and she never used more strength than was necessary... never.

Due to her strength, she would often still have piles of trump cards left unused after a battle. For her to bring out something so core to her greatest power before her first strike even landed said a lot about her opponent.

BANG!

Galaeron's slow hand knife caused Nana to take three heavy steps backward. She looked toward her hand as though she was a hint of surprise. She hadn't felt her body trembling like this after an exchange in a very long time.

She wasn't even entirely sure of what had just happened. Galaeron didn't seem to have used any Force, and unlike Elorin's strikes which only *seemed* to be slow, Galaeron's strike truly was so.

Attack speed was higher than movement speed for obvious reasons, and yet it had taken Galaeron the entire length of Nana's run toward him to complete his strike.

Without speed, there could be no power, this was simple logic. The only way for something to be both powerful and slow was for it to be heavy. However, Galaeron lacked in both aspects.

His body was as light as a feather, that much Nana was certain of. On top of that, his strike was slow.

Nothing seemed to make any sense.

"This is the last opportunity I will give you," Galaeron said softly. "I don't like to bully children, so please leave."

A member of the Crudus family couldn't seem to take it anymore, their green hair whipping about wildly as they pointed a finger toward Galaeron.

"You say that, and yet didn't you wipe out all four of our families?! How many innocent children were among that number?! Don't bullshit us!"

Galaeron's expression remained unchanged. "Those were not actions taken by me. In addition, speaking of morality in war is a bit foolish, do you not think?"

Hearing Galaeron say this, the others were speechless. Wasn't he the one who brought up morality first by saying he didn't want to Kill children? Which was it, exactly?

"I don't see this as a war, I see this as a lashing out by children who are looking to impress their parents."

Galaeron's gaze shifted and landed on Raffyr. In that moment, Raffyr shivered from head to toe. Why did it feel like he was completely seen through in that instant?

"This attack is disorganized, it's clearly sporadic, and it's a shame that the powers that have taken your side can't see that... or maybe they do and have no choice but to follow through anyway because they've received too many benefits from you.

"But what I can say is that there is only one way this ends for you, and that's in a complete and utter loss."

It was clear that compared to his father and even his own son, the seemingly stoic Galaeron was far more talkative.

"Oh? Is that so?" Raffyr forced himself to regain his composure and sneered. "This runs far deeper than you think it does. Come out!" Raffyr roared.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Is that right?" Galaeron pushed his glasses up. "You're calling forth Minister Maia, the former Secretary Marquisette Maia, is that right?"

Raffyr froze. In fact, Maia, who was prepared to make her move, also froze at that moment.