Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Tsunami-like tides of earth rushed in all directions. Aina's feet stabilized, her knees hardly bending beneath the impact. Wild surges of oppressive might pressed down, the suffocating scent of blood pervading the air.

Despite the fact there were several Seventh Dimensional experts around her, none could seem to take their eyes off of the crimson armored Valkyrie in the center of them all. It almost didn't seem right for such a young face to carry such fury and animosity. Even without a hint of Fire Force, the temperature rose by several degrees every second, only becoming more savage as Aina walked forward.

All of sudden, Aina's figure vanished.

When she appeared again, the heads of what must have been at least a dozen Cloud Race members flew into the air. No, it was less accurate to say that she had appeared and more accurate to say that a scythe-like blade of Ax Force had. Her own movements felt far too fast to track, one could only seem to follow her by watching the fall of enemies and blinding blades of crimson.

Just a moment ago, the fear and oppression of the Cloud Race had been so heavy. Just with a single look, these veterans of battle could tell just how much strength these members of another race had. However, before that fear could even solidify, their massacre had become.

Aina didn't seem to know fatigue, and for a moment, it truly felt like she was the only battling at all.

Tides of blood rose into the air, forming dozens of blood-red roses that ground their way through the battlefield with impunity. It seemed the more Aina killed, the more vicious her killing methods became, the others hadn't even gotten a chance to act yet, but hundreds had already fallen beneath her blade.

Her hair fluttered in the air, a wild crimson aura forming around her body piercing into the skies above.

The Brazingers in the distance couldn't help but tremble. This level of the Berserk War God Lineage Factor was something they had only seen in a very small number of their kind, they couldn't understand how this half-blood could reach it.

Maia's expression changed as well, she hadn't wanted to step in immediately to allow her Cloud Race to establish their dominance, but this little girl was very clearly a top tier genius.

The effect she had wanted was immediately suffocated.

She took a step forward, prepared to end it, but her gaze narrowed as she felt a pair of eyes land on her.

"It can't be that you want to act against my little niece-in-law, right?" Galaeron asked lightly.

Maia sneered. "This is the first time I've met such arrogant humans. In the Cloud Domain, the likes of you could only obediently spend their lives in chains, bound like dogs and destined to serve others for the whole of their existence. Do you think you have the right to speak to me this way?"

Maia raised her hand as though she was going to act anyway, but one of the young men by her side grabbed her forearm.

"You don't need to step in personally for something like this, mother. Arden is more than enough."

The second young man's lip twitched. This older brother of his was so lazy. He wanted to pretend to be cool, and yet he was placing the task on his shoulders instead. It didn't matter much to him, though, he was beginning to feel a bit antsy regardless.

Arden flickered and vanished without a word, executing the unique movement technique of the Cloud Race. He became completely amorphous, weaving through the battlefield in a cloud of grey, white and gold.

"Hey, hey! The Queen is on a roll right now, not just any nobody can attack her."

BANG!

A figure seemed to appear from nowhere, his shadow forming a crane-like posture as he kicked out. Arden almost couldn't react in time to a foot nearly connecting with his face.

Almost immediately, Arden canceled his movement technique and crossed his arms over his face.

Arden's pupils constricted when he felt the force of the kick. He took several steps backward, nearly losing his balance as a tall man with horrible posture landed before him.

Aphestus stood with a sharp-toothed grin.

"If you don't get out of my way-!"

"Cut the crap, your race of people seem to do a lot of talking. Are you going to fight or not?"

Aphestus had already moved as he said this, a twin pair of jagged bone daggers appearing in his hands as he flashed forward, appearing before Arden in a blink.

Arden's brows furrowed as he dodged backward. He should have already realized after the first kick, but this enemy was, indeed, difficult to deal with.

"It's up to you. brother!" Arden shouted.

"Tsk, useless," Maia's first son, Auren, clicked his tongue before diving down as well. But before he could make it far, a Blade Force threatened to smite him, surging from the air and piercing through everything in its wake.

Auren came to a stop immediately, pausing just before the piercing blade could take his head.

BANG!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Joel appeared holding a silver-black halberd. He wasn't nearly as talkative as Aphestus, but his actions spoke loud enough. As Aina continued her massacre, both of Maia's sons found their paths forward impeded. It was clear to the both of them that there would be no extricating themselves in short order.

Maia frowned. This situation seemed to be spiraling out of control. Her two sons were both born on Earth for the purpose of this mission. They had the talent of the Cloud Race while benefiting from Earth's talent as well. With the two of them, this matter should have been easily dealt with, but for some reason it was the exact opposite.

The both of them were still in the Sixth Dimension, so she knew they hadn't truly come into their own yet, but this was more troublesome than she thought.

She thought she had understood the strength of Earth quite well, so what was this?

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.