Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

James seemed to unleashed decades of frustration all at once, everywhere he passed only destruction was left in his wake. From looking at him, one would never think that he was born with a defensive Ability Index. He manipulated his energy shields as though they were weapons and armors integrated into one, blocking all attacks that rained down on him all while suffocating his enemies with an oppressive attack volley.

A Cloud Race man appeared to his side, punching with a deathly momentum. However, James struck out with just a single palm, a dense energy coating the skin of his hand, dispelling the enemies power and sending back with more than double the strength once his own power was added to it.

The Cloud Race man's forearm splintered like wood, and yet James didn't seem to want to let him retreat. Taking another step forward, he clawed out with the same hand, swiping down at the air with a crimson gaze and a deathly momentum.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Three heavy energy shields fell from the air like steel plates.

The Cloud Race man hurriedly retreated, avoiding the first and just barely escaping the fate of having his body cut in half along his shoulders, but even so, he was a step slow. This resulted in his extended arm being cut off at the elbow.

The second heavy energy shield fell as the man continued to retreat, but he was a step slow once again, causing his arm to be severed at his shoulder.

The third heavy energy shield was too fast. The Cloud Race man froze, his body shuddering just once before he fell down in two halves.

"How dare-!?"

James had already turned to a new enemy. With a grip of his fists, his three heavy energy shields fused into one, forming a wall thicker than a back vault that he sent flying forward with a violent momentum.

Many of the Cloud Race managed to dodge, but two failed.

It was as though they had just been rammed by a heavy truck, their bodies bursting into a cloud of blood, disregarding their defenses as though they weren't there at all.

For some reason, scanning James was useless. They tried again and again, but they found their attempts blocked, and then blocked again. It was only at this point that they realized that James' Energy Shield Ability Index had gone beyond just blocking the physical, he could protect himself even from attacks that couldn't be seen clearly with the eyes.

The current James stood as close to Tier 5 of his Ability Index as one could get without being a Savant. In all these years, without friends, and with nothing more than battling for his family on his mind, his skill had reached an impossible height.

And now that he was enraged, they would have a true front row seat.

BANG!

James descended with a heavy stomp, crushing everything in his path. He crossed through the courtyard with speed, agility and ferocity. Eventually, the Cloud Race realized they had no ability to deal with him and tried to run, but this was the absolute worst decision they could make. When it came to restriction and control, how many could be much better than one wielded an Energy Shield Ability Index?

With a thought, the entire courtyard was enveloped in an impenetrable shield. The Cloud Race tried pounding at it to escape, but they had already scattered, trying to force James to chase them individually. However, that only made them easier to pick off.

They tried to attack the barrier again, but this time they found that it became soft and spongy. Their fists and weapons were embedded within and it felt as though they had struck at clouds.

They tried to pull their strikes back, but the barrier suddenly surged forward like jelly, wrapping around them.

"Samoa" screamed and waved her hand wildly, but there was nothing she could do as the wild energy continued to snake around her, coating her as though she was falling into quicksand. The harder she struggled, the further she sunk into it.

Soon, the remaining Cloud Race members found themselves coated from head to toe. Although they weren't injured, they were all smart enough to know that this was the absolute worst case scenario. With things like this... they were truly finished.

James looked at them coldly. His gaze shifted until it landed on "Samoa".

"I hope you have a fun time giggling in the afterlife."

James squeezed his fists just once and the Cloud Race individuals only had a chance to screech once before their bodies were crushed. They died hardly able to fight back at all.

James finally turned back, still fuming. Killing them couldn't seem to get rid of his frustration, but when he looked back to find his father calmly sitting within the energy shield he had trapped him within, all of that rage seemed to dissipate. For some reason, he couldn't find it in himself to stay enraged.

With a wave of his hand, James released his father. He never had the heart to kill his own father, he had only trapped him so that he wouldn't interfere.

Governor Duke Bennett didn't say anything immediately after being released. He looked at his son for a long time before shaking his head.

"It doesn't matter, a man needs to vent his emotions sometimes, but it's good that you've regained your calm. This shouldn't be too big of a problem since you made sure that none of them escaped, we will just blame their deaths on the Ascension Empire and everything will be-."

James frowned. "Dad, siding with the Cloud Race is too far."

Governor Duke Bennett looked up calmly. "Excuse me?"

James took a deep breath. "I said siding with the Cloud Race is too far, they don't have our best interests at heart. If Earth is taken by them, the only Eighth Dimensional world in the Human Domain will no longer be under our control. In that situation, won't we still be slaves? But this time, we'll be slaving for someone who treats us as nothing more than ants and have a great amount of prejudice against us."

Governor Duke Bennett's expression turned cold and a stern and powerful voice came out from him.

"Do you think I need you to tell me how to do things?"