Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

James was startled for a moment before he lowered his head. Things weren't much different from what they always had been, he was too used to this.

"Wherever there are people, there will always be in groups and outgroups. Even when there are no tiers of separation, people will find them. If it's not race, it will be skin tone. If it's not skin tone, it will be culture. If it's not culture, it will be wealth.

"Even if there are two groups of people, both of the same race, with the same skin tone, the same culture, the same wealth, people might try to separate themselves based on who is a nouveau riche and who comes from old money, or on who was born in the north of the city versus the south, or on what gods they choose to follow, or what foods they like to eat most.

"When you sit here and try to lecture me on what the Cloud Race may or may not do, or on how they may or may not treat us, do you know how absolutely foolish you sound? Even the Ascension Empire was forced to use the Slayer Legion as a scapegoat to maintain peace for decades because there can never be true peace, even when such a thing is achieved, it will only be a fleeting moment from vanishing.

"It only takes one man's greed, one wife's dissatisfaction, one child's grievance. This is the nature of life, of evolution.

"Do you know why you can stand here and listen to this lecture from me?! It's because you hold power! They infuriated you, so you slaughtered them and they could say nothing about it.

"Do you know why they tolerated my questioning them?! It was because I provide them with resources they need, power they need, connections they need!

"Who cares whether they share our race or not? Can you provide them value or not?!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Did the Ascension Empire care when your grandfather was schemed against by the Leum family and lost our Governor Duke position? Were we not fellow humans? Further than that, did we not share the same status? The same wealth? The same nobility? Even further than that did we not bleed for the Fawkes family? Did we not lose brothers and sisters for the Fawkes family? Did we not help them to build their Empire to what it is now?"

The more Governor Duke Bennett spoke, the louder he seemed to become and the further his son's head seemed to lower.

"Did we not meet all the criteria you think to be so important and even surpass them? And yet we were thrown to the side, for what?

"The reason is very simple. We weren't useful enough. Others were more valuable. Your grandfather trusted the wrong people and he suffered for it. In this world, you can trust no one but yourself. There are no goals that are worth more or are more valuable than your own. There is no friendship worth your aspirations. The only people you can trust is family, and that's not because of some bullshit reason like love.

"I have an investment in you because you are my seed. I invested in your growth, I've protected you, and now you are the greatest weapon this family has.

"Do you understand me?!" Governor Duke Bennett's voice boomed.

James' head remained lowered and he didn't answer immediately. When he did speak, he asked a question that weighed on him heavily.

"... Doesn't that mean if there was ever a reward worth more than your investment in me and better than what I can provide you in the future, you would sacrifice me as well?"

"Look at me," Governor Duke Bennett said coldly.

James slowly raised his head. When Governor Duke Bennett saw his son's crimson gaze, his own narrowed, but he still looked forward without flinching.

"Yes, I would." Governor Duke Bennett said just as coldly. "And I hope that if you see an opportunity to progress the Bennett family forward, you would sacrifice me as well. However, this shit, this lashing out and losing your temper, isn't the way. You're never going to get anywhere like this."

James looked at his father, the crimson in his gaze slowly fading. His lips separated slightly, but no sound came out for a long while... until he finally managed to push it out.

"Don't you feel lonely?"

Governor Duke Bennett's expression seemed to change for the first time. Inwardly, his heart raced and it took several moments before it returned to normal.

"... Men with heavy weights on their shoulders have no right to feel such emotions. You are cut from almost the same cloth as me, James. You don't fall easily for women no matter how pretty they are, you aren't good at academics, but you are able to focus on what you are good at with great ease. When you feel emotionally drained, you vent for only a moment before you regain control and put your nose to the grindstone once again.

"Your only weakness was that Leonel, but that couldn't be helped. He's more perfect for this sort of life than you are. His ability to sever emotions is beyond mine, his ability to focus is beyond the both of us, and he has no holes in either his emotional or raw intelligence. Staying near him, you stood no chance. Your separation was necessary, it was the only way for you to grow into your own without being suppressed within his shadow."

Governor Duke Bennett looked into the skies.

"There is no fairness in this world, this is why you must take my words to heart. It's even more apparent when it comes to things like talent. You must be willing to do things others aren't if you want to succeed."

Governor Duke Bennett fell into complete silence.

"... Go," Governor Duke Bennett suddenly said.

James' brows shot up, seemingly feeling that there was something different about his father's words.

"I can see that you don't believe in me the same way anymore, there's no use in keeping you here. Things might be fine for now, but in a year or two, you'll finally cross a point of no return. Also, judging by how easily you killed those Cloud Race members, I have a feeling they've long since overestimated themselves, your leaving is probably the only way to save the Bennett family at this point."

Governor Duke Bennett continued to look into the skies, seemingly seeing Leonel's face within the complex runes of the dome of white gold above them.

He remembered that night he first met Leonel. He was beaten and ragged, facing off against an entire Fort and having just lost his girlfriend as a teenage boy, and yet still sharp enough to see through a ruse planned by his best friend of over a decade. In that sort of situation, Governor Duke Bennett was certain that even he wouldn't have the ability to stay so clear headed, even given his long life and wealth of experience That sort of sharpness... wasn't something you could teach.

He couldn't help but wonder... if Leonel had expected this to happen too.