Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel breathed heavily, his hands still firmly placed on the first door.

Was this his limit?

The truth was he didn't know the significance of his accomplishment. Something like opening seven doors on the first attempt was already extremely rare in the Morales family.

To put this matter into perspective, there were about a billion youths of this current Nova Generation. This was how insanely large the Morales family was.

Of these billion youths, half would not even awaken a Lineage factor at all. Of the remaining half, about 70% would awaken the Spear Lineage Factor and just about 30% would awaken the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor.

This meant that there were 150 million youths with the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor awakened. Regardless of whether these youths were children born from Morales family women who had been married off to other families or not, they would all be considered as part of the Morales family main branch.

Of this 150 million, 90% would only open the first door on their first attempt. Such people would only be able to open a maximum of the second or third door before they were forced to move onto the Fifth Dimensional barrier.

This left 15 million. Of this amount, another 90% would only be able to open the second door on their first attempt. For these people, no matter what they tried, it would be impossible to touch the fourth door as the fourth represented a qualitative leap. This was because the fourth door was the first marker of the Metal Synergy Runes!

This left just one and a half million. Of this amount, less than 100 000 would ever touch the fourth door. Not even 10 000 would managed to open the fifth. And, not even 1 000 would manage to touch the sixth!

Finally, there was yet another qualitative leap. In some weaker generations of the Morales Clan, there might not be a single person who managed to open the seventh door on the first try! And, even in stronger ones, the number would most definitely not exceed 10 by a large margin!

So, one can imagine how talented the Nova Generation was. Not only was there one who had opened the ninth door on the first try, but there were an entire seven. Someone like Leonel who could open seven with just SIx Nodes was completely unheard of, however his talent was completely overshadowed due to the negligence of his 'senior'.

The truth was that what Leonel was aware of was the fact his attempts would only get more and more difficult with each attempt. He wouldn't naively jump into making mistakes like he had in the past. It was just that he had no choice. In this dangeous situation, if he didn't quickly grow stronger, he would only die here.

This was the price for his previous mistakes.

But, Leonel was unwilling. Even though he didn't know the significance of these doors, he simply didn't like having to stop at seven. He didn't even know others were watching him, nor did he know the true significance of the amount of doors he opened, but he just didn't want to stop here.

Leonel slowly clenched his fists. His nails scraped along the surface of the first doors. With how sturdy it was, he could only leave a bloody trail.

His head tilted up, a resolute gaze flickering as he gazed toward the small opening in the door before him.

Then, as though he had been grasped by a tinge of madness, he roared.

…

The elders sighed as a collective, many of them turning away. At this point, they didn't even want to know the name of this youth, they could all only feel that it was a pity. If they knew the name of this youth, they might just feel that it was even more unfortunate. It was easier to avoid heartache if one didn't have a face to attach to it.

Sometimes it was easier to ignore tragedies with a large number of casualties as long as you were distant enough from the people it affected.

"I'm going to kill that damn bastard who led this kid astray." The billowing beard of the bullish elder was still frolicking about. His eyes were practically red as he watched Leonel's wavering runic patterns.

WENG!

It was at that moment that those very runes suddenly turned red.

The elders looked over in astonishment.

"This kid is trying to get himself killed!" The crooked-toothed elder's carefree grin had long since disappeared. Now he just looked forward in horror.

Those red runes, they had seen them many times before. Youths who weren't satisfied with their results would sometimes have will power that surpassed their means. As a result, they would try to push ahead, but this would only end up damaging themselves. No small number of youths had killed themselves in this way.

They all recognized these signs very well. Bloodline Deviation.

Even if Leonel failed to open all nine doors on the first try, it was still fine. He might have a chance at a comeback in the future if he worked diligently. After all, this was just the start of his path. But, if he died now, it was all for naught.

The elders became flustered. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Dammit! Which planet is this kid from?! Contact all of them now and find out which prodigy is breaking through! Immediately stop him!"

The bullish elder roared out orders to seemingly empty air, but the whole of the planet heard him. His rage caused a mad and immediate scramble that turned the entire Seventh Dimension into a frenzy.

But, no matter how they looked, they could have never imagined that Leonel was countless light years away on a small planet called Earth…

…

Within his Bloodline World, Leonel's eyes had turned completely red. He seemed to have lost himself in a trance. All he had eyes for was the expanse of darkness beyond the crack in the doors.

His main body in the Lab Setting had become a rain of blood. The flickering crimson seemed to finally fuse perfectly into the beautiful, resplendent bronze. Instead of tainting it, it felt as though the light had gotten even brighter, creating a new red bronze color that shimmered like both gold and ruby.

However, he had no idea that this only brought him a step closer to death.