Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Raffyr trembled, his body quaking. But when he saw his sister take a step forward, he felt his body relax before he felt a deep hint of shame. He talked big, but he actually didn't have as much courage as his sister, let alone as much talent.

Sarathana shook her hand just once and a mighty crimson glaive appeared. When she took another step forward, her feet were decidedly heavier, and yet her movements were no less agile. By the time her foot raised for a third time, a momentum had begun to build up and she suddenly vanished, streaking across the battlefield.

BANG!

To Sarathana's shock, before her charge could reach its peak, Aina had already appeared before her, swinging down her battle ax. Seeing those expressionless golden irises, Sarathana felt her heart tremble.

In just a single exchange, Sarathana was forced to take a step back, her wrists and forearms trembling. Her eyes widened. She had lost in raw strength to a halfling?

Before she could think further about it, Aina's battle axe was already descending once again, the blade appearing by her neck as though it had teleported there.

Sarathana hurriedly ducked and blocked with the polearm of her glaive. She gave herself just enough room to succeed in the second maneuver, but the strength of Aina's attack seemed to have increased. With her knees already bent, she was driven directly into the ground.

The earth splintered and a crater was formed. Just the first impact formed a crater as wide as three meters from edge to edge and three quarters of a meter deep on a Seventh Dimensional world. But right then, with their blades still connected, Aina's eyes flashed and the veins along her forearms bulged.

BANG!

The crater expanded, the surge almost forcing Sarathana onto her back.

"Sister!"

Raffyr and the others couldn't stand idly any longer. They didn't even bother to look toward the other three family geniuses for help, they would only get ridiculed. Their family had kicked out a halfling and couldn't even properly control her, this was nothing short of a stain and humiliation on them. They would be lucky if the others didn't kick them while they were down, let alone help them.

Aina casually kicked out, nailing Sarathana right in the chest and sending her flying into the distance.

She came out like a speeding bullet, colliding with Barrion before he could even get into a proper attack stance. The latter's forearm bones snapped on impact and he coughed up a mouthful of blood, falling into a pile a distance away along with Sarathana.

Aina could have killed Sarathan right then and there. A genius? She didn't even feel like Sarathana, who was supposedly just a step away from the Seventh Dimension, was even worth more than a single exchange with her.

All Aina wanted to do was bury them, to force them into submission, and then to force them to experience the same things her mother had experienced all those years ago. She would make sure every Brazinger she got her hands on experienced the same thing.

Raffyr and Thedan appeared to her left and right with a fierce momentum. They knew that their lives were on the line, so they didn't hold anything back, crimson auras flourishing around the both of them.

Aina's stance only shifted slightly, causing their blades to slip by the front and back of her. With one hand she tapped two fingers upon Raffyr's wrist, with her other hand, she twirled her battle ax, causing the butt to bypass Thedan's defenses and uppercut him squarely on the chin.

Thedan's jaw shattered into countless pieces on contact.

Raffyr's sword wielding hand plowed into the ground under Aina's touch and he seemed to get off easy... Until Aina finished the twirl of her polearm, landing a hit on his shoulder blade from above that not only drove him further into the ground, but also shattered the bone into an even worse state than Thedan's jaw.

In the distance, Sarathana unleashed a roar. Of them all, her injuries were the lightest only because of the armor that covered her chest. Her aura flourished and her crimson aura quickly formed the silhouette and a valiant warrior.

It grew and grew until it stood at over ten meters tall and solidified into a mighty mass. Every move Sarathana made, it too made, boosting her strength to a great degree as she dashed forward.

Aina looked at this ability expressionlessly. She tilted her head to just one side, seemingly not noticing Sarathana's rapid approach. The ability was somewhat interesting to her, and she felt that it wasn't an Ability Index, instead, it should be a technique that stemmed from the Berserk God Lineage Factor.

'It should work like...

Aina observed it for what must have been only fractions of a second before her own crimson aura flourished, growing taller and taller until the point Sarathana felt so much despair she slowed her dead sprint, her feet dragging until they came to a stop with her looking straight up at a valiant Valkyrie.

"... I think I made it too big," Aina said lightly, words that made Sarathana's heart drop to the pits of her stomach.

Even so, Aina's construct reached down, wrapping Sarathana's ten meter tall construct into a palm and squeezing.

Sarathana shuddered, coughing up several mouthfuls of blood as her construct was shattered into pieces.

She fell to her knees, her vision swimming.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

She realized then that she couldn't fight back, it was impossible. This woman was too strong.

When she looked up she found that Aina was already standing over her expressionlessly. Even when Aina pulled her up by the hair, there was nothing Sarathana could do, her entire body having reached its limits in a pathetic few exchanges.

Aina pierced her battle ax into the ground, lifting Sarathana up by the hair with one hand, and reaching for her armor with the other.

Expressionlessly, Aina pulled, ignoring the injuries it caused Sarathana and ripping her armor off of her purposely.

Sarathana grit her teeth in embarrassment, her chest being completely exposed to the world.

"Stop! Stop! That's too much!"

The naive and delicate voice of Nana called out. Even while being pinned down by Galaeron, she couldn't seem to hold it in any longer.