Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Aina clapped her hands once, a resonant sound echoing over the battlefield. At that moment, the rotting flesh on her hands seemed to have been smashed out of existence, fair and soft skin replacing them in the blink of an eye.

Grabbed her battle ax, Aina rested it on her shoulders, looking toward the rest of the Great Family members. At the moment, the smile on her face was radiant, almost as though the cries of Sarathana, Raffy, Berrion and Thedan were her favorite kind of music.

With a step she crossed a large distance, catching the remaining youth off guard. But by the time they reacted, it was already too late.

With the sky piercing construct behind her, Aina's strength seemed to have increased tenfold. She hadn't even realized just how much strength she had been missing out on until this moment.

In the distance, her blood roses grew explosively in strength, expanding by tenfold. Even the ones that were on the verge of destruction suddenly condensed once more, flourishing.

If Aina had to describe it, it felt like she had accessed something similar to Universal Force, but it came directly from her body. In fact, she felt like she could make it so much stronger than it was currently, every attack she made seemed to prove that all the more.

Maia's expression changed.

In the distance, Elorin, who was pressing down on his three enemies frowned, looking over.

Noah's saber swung down, passing right through his body as though he wasn't there.

Elorin appeared a distance away, his gaze still locked onto Aina as a tortoise half the size of a city descended from above, smashing down from above with Jessica on its back.

He was about to dodge again when Tyrron appeared to his side, a glistening sword ray flashing across his glasses as he pierced forward.

Elorin suddenly felt annoyed. These three were so weak, but they covered for each other well. He was trying to conserve his strength for what he felt would be an inevitable battle against Emperor Fawkes, so he hadn't expected to be stalled here for so long.

His allies were truly too useless, not able to deal with one woman. It was ridiculous.

Elron's pupils constricted once more as Aina's strength seemed to continue skyrocketing. He had been certain that no one could match his speed of improvement, but Aina was improving by leaps and bounds. The youth couldn't seem to withstand even a single strike before, let alone now.

"Stop! Stop!" Nana's agitation was growing, she couldn't just watch her own family members die like that. Even though she didn't know them personally, they still shared blood.

"Young miss, I would suggest you calm down. She doesn't have the same reservations you do. If you stand in her way, she will kill you," Galaeron said lightly.

"Stop blocking me!" Nana shrieked. She was in the Seventh Dimension, there was no way Aina could even think of killing her. She might be naive, but she wasn't stupid. It was clear that Galaeron just had no intention of letting her go.

Galaeron remained silent. He could tell that this young girl had never experienced any setbacks in her life. To scream at an enemy like this as though it would work, this was beyond naivete, it was also laced with a heavy amount of entitlement. It was good that this young girl also seemed to have a kind heart, because if not, the result of that entitlement would probably be bad news for everyone around her.

Tears welled up in Nana's eyes when it became clear that Galaeron had no intention of letting her go.

Red faced and agitated, Nana's Force seemed to almost spiral out of control, a radiant sapphire construct beginning to form to her back. It grew taller and taller, reaching a point where it matched even Aina's in size.

"BIND!" She screamed, slamming out a palm toward Galaeron.

Galaeron's eyes narrowed. He was about to move when his senses flashed. He had been paying attention to Maia all this time, how could he miss her movement? The issue was that she had timed it perfectly with Nana's outburst.

Galaeron sighed inwardly. It seemed that he was actually going to have to work a bit this time.

Holding out his palms, Galaeron suddenly began moving to an odd rhythm. It looked as though he was completing a routine of Tai Chi, his face the picture of peace.

BANG! BANG!

Maia and Nana's palms descended at the same time, colliding with Galaeron's own. Both women felt as though they had rammed into a steel wall. Even though Galaeron's sleeves fluttered wildly, he didn't move even a single inch. In fact, his elbows didn't even bend.

"Ouch," Galaeron sighed.

Maia's brows twitched unhappyily. She felt like Galaeron was making fun of her. She had thought that this was an excellent opportunity. only for her to end un entirely stifled.

Suddenly, Galaeron moved. Maia tried to pull back, but as though her palm was stuck to Galaerons, she found her body moving along with the arc of his palms. On the other side, Nana couldn't escape the same fate, her petite body being led like a horse to water.

Galaeron spun once, causing both women to be spun out. They soared into the air out of their control.

With elegant movements, Galaeron fluidly flowed into pressing his palms together once more. With a light exhale, he raised his right palm just slightly before pressing it toward the ground so slowly that it was almost agonizing.

However, in response, the air seemed to compress above the flying women. As though the world itself was resonating with Galaeron's movements, a concentrated and transparent pillar of air pressed down.

Maia and Nana both coughed up a thick mouthful of blood as they were smashed to the ground below.

Galaeron sighed, smoothing out the slight wrinkles on his clothing. This was why he didn't like to battle, his clothing would be entirely ruined. Although he could shed some layers, that would be entirely unsightly. He was a gentleman, not a rogue, how could he fight without a shirt on?

He had considered just wearing fashionable armor in the past, but he found the bulkiness and the flash of metal to be gaudy.

He truly lived a hard life.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com