Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel could feel his blood seething. It was an exhilarating feeling that made him feel as though he was treading on clouds. He could never think that such ecstasy would cause panic countless galaxies away.

'How wonderful would it be if I could feel this way for all of eternity…'

It was a simple thought — innocent, even. But it was this very thought that led to the deaths of so many Morales family youths in the past.

This feeling, it was like a drug. It was the kind of euphoria one could hardly find in life, yet it was also the very kind of euphoria that could rend the soul and send one to an early death.

The elders of the family could only watch on helplessly as the red lights grew fiercer and fiercer. Even when they saw the signs of the eighth door opening, they no longer felt the same happiness. All they saw was the tragedy of another fallen genius.

It could be said that though these elders were aloof and hardly made their presences known, they were filled with familial affection. Even that ungrateful bastard who stole their two family heirlooms was still spoken of fondly by the majority of them. After all, he was that singular genius of the Nebula Generation they spoke about who managed to open the ninth door on his first attempt.

Even though they had seven more geniuses of this caliber, how could they not feel heartache? They only blamed themselves for not finding this prodigy earlier.

…

Within the Lab Setting, the changes happening to Leonel shouldn't have been obvious. If it wasn't for the fact his own blood was pooling around his body as though seeking to form its own pool of liquid, it would be hard to tell that anything was happening at all.

But, at this moment, the instant Leonel touched upon the eighth door, the very same runes that had been etching them onto his skin made their way onto his bones. If his body was sliced open and his skeleton was revealed, it would be possible to see runes of red bronze being carved into them.

The sound was especially grating on the ears. It sounded as though a fork was being raked across a steel pot, grinding into it again and again.

However, Leonel felt none of this pain. In fact, the longer it went on, the better he felt. It was almost like a release, a spike of dopamine he couldn't get enough of.

Many would see pain as an annoyance. But in many ways, pain was the reason one could stay alive. The absence of pain could very easily lead to death. It was a necessary part of life.

But Leonel didn't even notice this. Even as his body was falling apart, there was a bloody smile hanging on his face. It would have been quite a sweet smile, the very smile he practiced to show to Aina, yet now, it just seemed… sad.

Within the Bloodline World, Leonel's figure looked no different. He had practically become a man of blood, dripping from head to toe as his fists pushed flush against the first door.

His eyes continued to gaze through the crack as though the expanse of darkness held his most fervent desire.

It was no longer a matter of will power. Could this even be considered will power? He loved this feeling. Could doing something that felt so good even require will power? -

…

The crimson light within the Morales family sacred land had grown overwhelming. It pierced into the skies, growing to a height that almost matched the mountainous stick of incense.

The pillar was intertwined with runes of bronze, radiating a beautiful and majestic color. But, to the elders, it looked no different from the send off of a genius. A prodigy, dead just like this, even without letting the world see his brightness.

More and more elders shook their heads to leave. They weren't willing to dampen their moods any longer. Someone else would investigate this matter thoroughly and find all those responsible. This was definitely a capital crime. Whoever was responsible deserved to be executed.

…

Leonel's ragged breaths sounded out. By now, he sounded more like a beast in heat rather than a man near the end of his life.

He felt like he was so close. If pushing open the eighth door felt so good, how good would the ninth door feel? Wouldn't the pleasure drown him?

However, at that moment, Leonel suddenly frowned.

Why did he feel a nagging itch in his heart? What was this annoying feeling.

'I have to go to Aina…' FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Yes, he already knew this. Wasn't that why he had to get out of this place? He would have a greater chance at saving Aina if he opened the ninth door. With how powerful this Lineage Factor was, wouldn't he be able to sweep through Terrain with ease?

Yes, yes. That was right. All he needed to do was open the ninth door.

'Respect and Persistence in all things…'

Yes, he already understood this. Why was this running through his mind now? Wasn't he persisting right now? He was trying very hard. It was just that his reward for his persistence felt too good. Was that his fault?

'Do you really understand what these two words mean…?'

His father's smiling visage appeared in his mind.

That old man was being annoying as usual, wearing that smug smile as he pushed his glasses up with a finger.

Of course he already understood what those two words meant.

'Do you really…?'

Leonel faltered.

'Nothing easily gained is worth attaining…'

Leonel trembled.

He thought he had understood this fact as well. Wasn't that why he had been so stubborn previously? It was even to the point he ignored his own talent and tried to comprehend his Lineage Factors on his own.

Wasn't that what his father had met by Persistence?

But why did he feel like that understanding was so shallow… It was shallow to the point even he had abandoned those thoughts, realizing that it was his own haughtiness that brought him to this point.

The voice in his mind didn't speak again, but Leonel found that the doors he was pushing up against suddenly forced him to slide back. It was as though they were trying to remind him to push back… as though they wanted to remind him just how important opening the ninth door had been to him just a moment ago…

'Nothing easily gained is worth attaining…'

Leonel's dull eyes suddenly gained a sharpness. At that moment, a pain the likes of which he had never felt in his life suddenly assaulted him.

He raised his head and roared in pain, his cry shaking even the Force Crystal Mine.