Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The battlefield was entirely filled with Leonel's roar and the sound of sharpening blades. The spear was one of the most frequently used weapons, especially in such a battle, but that only made the sudden change even more exaggerated.

One after another, spearmen of all shapes, sizes, genders, and even races, suddenly found that they had no ability to control their weapons any longer. Some tried to struggle, but it felt entirely useless as their spears fought against them harder and harder.

If things had ended at just this, it might have been fine, but suddenly those that didn't use spears at all found their weapons uncontrollably lowering as their spearmen counterparts found their weapons rising. It seemed that not only was Leonel's aura forcing the spears to go wild, but it even directly suffocating the Forces of other weapons, crushing them beneath the tidal wave that was his presence.

The blinding lights of Spear Force concentrated into the radiant crown around Leonel's head and two blazing torches where his eyes should have been.

At that moment, just when it seemed like it was over, Leonel's aura erupted once more, his Spear Force shredding past the barrier of the Fifth Dimension and entering the Sixth. Those that sensed this not-so-subtle change couldn't help but freeze, one, realizing such oppression had come from a mere Fifth Dimensional weapon Force, and two, realizing that that already oppressive aura was only becoming more suffocating.

The only regions the Cloud Race could use to escape were the scars that Leonel had created, but at the same time, it was those very same scars that Leonel's Spear Force was still being unleashed upon.

Maia quickly realized with an exceptionally ugly expression that she was among the very few that could probably force her way through. Anyone beneath the Seventh Dimension couldn't even get close without being instantly shredded to pieces, and even for those that had crossed this barrier, the difficulty was not small.

What made matters worse was that they didn't bring any large scale flying treasures, they could only rely on their Cloud Figure movement technique to try to escape through the skies, but this left them even more vulnerable than normal.

The sudden evolution of Leonel's Spear Force shredded those who were on the outskirts waiting for an opportunity to pieces.

Even to this point, Leonel wasn't aware of his surroundings. The forcefulness of his breakthrough was unlike anything he had ever experienced before, as though every fiber of his being was evolving. He was becoming about as different as he could become without becoming an entirely new person. It was a feeling he had never experienced before.

Leonel had broken through many times before, he had even reforged his own body from nothing but his Ethereal Glabella before, resetting himself to the very beginning. And yet even those experiences felt like nothing compared to this.

The only way to describe it was... being born. He was being birthed once again, reborn, reforged.

On the ground below, the spearmen finally couldn't hold on any longer. Some of their spears directly turned to ash. The few that were somewhat better among them soared into the skies, adding to the shuddering aura of sharpening blades.

At the same time, all other weapons plunged into the ground.

Swords and sabers were buried to their hilts, daggers seemed to vanish into endlessly deep pits, polearms buried their blades, their polearms trembling above ground as though they didn't dare to show any more of themselves.

The echo of Leonel's roar swallowed even though itself. He became the very center of the world, his voice resounding through Earth's territory and even beyond, causing a shudder in all living things.

When his lips finally closed, his roar continued even without his input. And when his eyes snapped open, the blinding spear light coming from them finally calming, the world seemed to fall into silence.

Veins pulsed all across Leonel's body, the lean muscle tissue twitching with a sheen of sweat. Every aspect of his body seemed perfectly structured and immaculately sculpted, while also carrying a sharpness that felt inhuman.

A silent hum of hovering spears surrounded Leonel. They seemed to become his eyes, pervading every crevice and crack of the battlefield as it left not a single stone unturned.

Leonel's almost lazy gaze turned and landed on Maia. The last echoes of his Spear Force still blocked the scar above and below, but it definitely didn't seem like it would last much longer.

Slowly, Leonel's lazy gaze sharpened and his brows furrowed. This was troublesome. The gap between him and Maia wasn't small, even after this evolution. He couldn't just casually try to stop the actions of a Seventh Dimensional powerhouse.

"Hey, unc, what are you doing?"

Galaeron, who was still trying to get his breath while fixing up his clothing, couldn't help but fall into silence. Didn't you just have a big and overwhelming breakthrough? Weren't you verv oreat inet a cecand aon? Nidn't van cance thic nrnhlem ta heoin with? Why were van ackine far heln now?

"Shameless..." Galaeron mumbled, taking a breath and stabilizing himself.

Slowly raising his palm, Galaeron locked eyes with Maia and suddenly pressed out.

Leonel grinned. "Leave the rest to me. No one beneath the Seventh Dimension will escape."

Maia's hair was frayed, her lips were cracked with blood, and her chest heaved as she took deep breaths. Her nerves were at their absolute end, and her fury could hardly be put into words by now. Hearing Leonel's words seemed to push her way over the edge, she was so enraged that she laughed.

Leonel had no one around him, and though he floated in the skies, whatever mysterious power had allowed it was quickly dissipating. With her senses, she was sure that it wouldn't last much longer.

And yet, he still had the balls to say such a thing.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Hear me well, Cloud Race! Escape, but I want this boy's head severed first!"

Leonel blinked. "Did I say something wrong? Damn, is that kind of response even warranted?"

Despite feigning innocence, Leonel's grin only widened as he raised his hands, the spear hovering around him trembling just once.

"Thanks for making my job easier, though."