Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel coughed. "... Son of a bitch..."

He held onto his balls as though he was cradling precious porcelain. His eyes threatened to pop out of their sockets, veins writhing across his forehead.

"Fuck," James gasped, "even your balls are hard, why does my foot hurt? Did sis put a chastity belt on you? Damn, how whipped are you?"

"Fuck you," Leonel wheezed, his eyes tearing. "Forget your foot, what about mine? I would have thought fucking all those prostitutes finally caught up to you and your dick fell off. I swear I hit nothing but bone."

"Don't mention that to me, that's still a sore spot," James whimpered. He still had no idea if Samoa was a real person or not, or if he had been toyed with the entire time. How annoying.

"Finally got your heart broken, huh? I tried to warn you, it was only a matter of time."

"My heart is just fine! As strong as a bull!"

"A bull? That explains a lot."

James used what strength he had left and kicked dirt toward Leonel's face, causing him to breathe it in and cough.

"Sorry, my bull tendencies are acting up again," James sneered.

The two paused for a moment before they burst into a fit of laughter. Although it was described like this, one would have thought two lions were roaring. With their current level of strength, just their hearty laughter alone caused the earth to quake and the clouds to disperse. It could only be described as valiant.

Moments later, the two struggled to their feet, ending up leaning on one another just to stand. The tenderness between their legs didn't allow them to walk normally.

"Bloody hell, you've gotten taller," James said speechlessly.

He was used to being taller than Leonel, but only now did he realize that Leonel was actually taller than him by at least three inches now.

"Guess you didn't drink enough milk," Leonel said with a sneer.

"Fuck you, you grew almost an entire foot, that's not milk. Tell me the truth, what've you been pinning?"

"Pinning?" Leonel was confused for a second before he burst into a fit of laughter.

Back in their Royal Blue days, one could imagine that steroids were rampant. For many youths who were only Three or Four Star Professionals, their positions were reliant on their performance. Plus, with the advancement in technology, only the most horrific kind of steroids actually still had poor side effects. So it was unsurprising that its abuse was everywhere.

It had just been so long since Leonel heard of something so... mundane that he couldn't help but burst into a fit of laughter.

James rubbed his nose, his other arm still wrapped around Leonel's shoulder.

"I know I'm hilarious, but if you keep laughing so hard, I'm gonna think you've fallen in love with me."

Leonel looked over toward James seriously, looking him up and down to the point the latter felt his spine tingling with a weird feeling. He suddenly felt the need to back away.

"You're not nearly handsome enough for that," Leonel said seriously, shaking his head.

James was speechless. "Hey, hey, I ranked 1034th on the Eligible Minor list, I must be way higher now, I could be a runway model if I really wanted."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel looked at James with no small hints of disdain. "1034th? You don't feel ashamed? Plus, how long has it been since you've been a minor? Talk about peaking in high school?"

James grinned. "If you're jealous about only being ranked 3021st back then, just say so. The have-nots always want to pretend like such things don't matter, how petty."

"Okay, okay, alright!" Raj roared from above. "How about you two get a room?! This lovey dovey shit is making me sick!"

"Raj, you still haven't lost any weight after all these years?!" James rebutted.

"Your bitch loves these rolls, why would I get rid of them?!"

"Excuse me?"

James covered his mouth, trying his best not to burst into a fit of laughter as a young woman he recognized as one of Aina's best friends appeared by Raj.

"Ah..." Raj opened his mouth to respond but immediately went red, not daring to look toward Yuri. He had gotten swept up in the moment and forget that they weren't in the boys'

locker room any longer. That damned James did this on purpose, definitely.

"Hm?" Yuri auestioned again.

James finally couldn't hold it in any longer, laughing so hard that he fell over and pulled Leonel down with him. When he saw that Leonel didn't dare to laugh and was making eye contact with Aina while pleading his innocence, he only laughed harder.

Soon, Milan and Gil joined in, unable to hold back.

The ambience was warmer than it had been in a long time.

**

While Earth had just finished fighting back another calamity, the situation on Planet Morales was growing more heated. While the conference had yet to begin, the number of powerhouses converging was steadily growing in number. Whether it was individual powerhouse families like the Suiad family, or large networks of alliances like the Constellation Families and the various Craftsmen Guilds, not a single one missed this opportunity.

Everyone had come to realize that this generation's Heir Wars would become a flashpoint, a split road of sorts for the Human Domain. Its outcome, as impossible to predict as it was, would maybe become the most important event in the whole of their history.

At that moment, a particular youth had recently exited his seclusion. He stood in front of the partial ruins of the Sword Faction, his visage expressionless. He hadn't been present when Leonel returned, and as such he could do nothing as his Sword Faction was humiliated. Even now, those scars had yet to heal.

Even so, he didn't seem to care very much about this at all, he had been entirely focused on other things.

The Sword Domain Ring on his finger glowed, the sound of a sword howl filling the air. He was suddenly very interested in these Heir Wars.

If Edrym's father had been there, he would have realized that he had made quite a substantial mistake.

There weren't two True Sovereigns in this world, there were three.