Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

A pillar of blinding golden light shot into the skies, revolving with mighty blades. Spear and Bow Force spiraled about one another, piercing the veil of the skies and echoing across the Human Domain with the howl of blades.

Leonel's gaze flashed open, a sharp golden light echoing in countless ripples before they slowly calmed.

Sitting in silence, Leonel didn't move immediately. Inwardly, he felt as though there was a natural flow to his breakthroughs, one that made them seamlessly stack on top of one another and stream from one to the next effortlessly.

This sounded ridiculous. After all, Leonel entered the Sixth Dimension with [Dimensional Cleanse], he crossed into Tier 3 using Dream Force, then he crossed the watershed of Tier 3

and Tier 4 using Earth Force, and now he crossed into Tier 7 using Spear and Bow Force. It was nonsensical to think that he was flowing from one to the next smoothly, and in fact, it felt quite ridiculous.

However, the more Leonel thought about it, the more beautiful he felt it was.

To Tier 3, he had expanded his views on Dream Force. The Demoness had such a grasp of Dream Force that others just thinking about her existence would alert her, it was a level of control and comprehension that even the current Leonel couldn't hope to fathom, and he couldn't even quite see the road to reaching such a level just yet.

To enter Tier 4, he expanded his views on Earth Force. He realized that Earth Force wasn't some intangible object, and it was actually a fundamental part of life. The human body couldn't survive with the perfect balance of minerals within it, and this was something that could only be carried on by Earth Force. On the surface, Earth Force and its constituents could simply be classified as inorganic, and this would fundamentally be true. However, at a deeper layer, it was more than just that...

And now there was Spear Force and Bow Force. Ironically, much like he had with Earth Force, he realized now that weapon Forces weren't as "inorganic" as he had once thought, and from a certain perspective, they were necessary.

The flow from Dream Force, the foundation of life, and then subsequently toward the comprehension of Forces he hadn't given enough credit in the past... He seemed to be moving toward the extremities of creation and the secret of life, something that left him fascinated, especially since his most fundamental ability was apparently as a Destruction Sovereign.

He didn't believe it was a coincidence and things were flowing as they pleased.

Once the time came, he would relay his foundation by going through [Dimensional Cleanse] as he had before, then he would need to go and get the Seventh Dimensional layer.

He hadn't expected to reach Tier 7 before the Heir Wars even began, but now that he had, this would make things far easier.

'I hope you guys will make things interesting,' Leonel chuckled to himself, standing to his feet.

"Everyone!" Leonel's voice echoed. "Let's go set the world on fire!"

Leonel walked out of his room with a booming laughter, but when he looked outside, he found everyone lazing around.

James, who was snoring on the couch, opened an eye and waved a hand. "Morales territory is how many light years from here? What are you yelling for, let me sleep."

Leonel looked around speechlessly for a moment. Was he the only one with any energy left? Everyone seemed completely spent.

"You guys fought just one war and you're already finished, I'm embarrassed for you," Leonel said, shaking his head.

In response, a rain of pillows flew toward Leonel and he could only laugh and dodge out of the way. Indeed, it seemed that everyone needed a rest, that was no big deal. There was still a ton of time. The conference was only starting around now, and he was sure that the Morales would stall a bit more after that, so they easily had several months before they had to make a move.

'"Hm?' Leonel suddenly looked in a particular direction. With a wave of his hand, the doors of the flagship opened up and Noah appeared with Jessica by his side. The two landed on the bow of the ship, and though they were a hint surprised by the sudden opening of the doors, they strolled in nonetheless.

When Noah saw Leonel, he hesitated, feeling a hint embarrassed and another hint complicated.

The last time they talked, Noah had proudly stated that he would remain and protect Earth. However, not even a few weeks later, he had embarrassed himself. Let alone protecting Earth, he couldn't even defeat a single threat. If not for James, he would have died at Elorin's hands, and if not for Leonel's plans and Aina's direction...

He didn't even want to think about what might have happened... Even his father ended up severely injured after that battle, and what had he been able to do? Absolutely nothing.

Leonel smiled when he saw Noah. "Come in, come in. I was just talking about how lazy these guys are, they can learn a thing or two from you."

Noah smiled bitterly. He knew that Leonel was trying to make him feel better, but someone who was as internally driven as Noah wouldn't be so easily appeased. If anything such an approach only made him feel worse, it felt like he was burdening others with his emotions.

Seeing this, Leonel smiled and didn't say anything like that again.

"We're all just relaxing, you two come and sit."

"I..." Noah lowered his head. "... Leonel, do you mind if..."

"You want to join the Heir Wars? I thought you'd never ask," Leonel said happily. "I was really disappointed when you said you wouldn't join before."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Hearing this, Noah felt the weight on his chest lighten considerably and he gave Leonel a grateful look. The first time the two met, they battled... he had never thought that they would have such a relationship today.

He didn't know if the Heir Wars had his answers, but he truly hoped so.