Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The vast majority that descended could only take up 50-kilometer tall pillars, however as time passed, more and more powerful existences began to make their presences known.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After Inabella, a group of organizations appeared swiftly, all three of which were actually prominent religions taking their place on the 60-kilometer pillars. There was the Evergreen Religion, the Zoltene Faith, and the final was the third largest religion of the Human Domain, the Star Faith.

The Star Faith was quite mysterious in that they didn't worship a person, but rather a Force. Their belief was that the most fundamental Force in existence was Star Force, acting as the foundation of all things. Unsurprisingly, their people tended to have exceptional Star Force affinity as this was believed by them to make these individuals the harbingers of the universe's will.

The numbers of the 60-kilometer pillars were swiftly filled much like the 50-kilometer pillars before them. And then, slowly but surely, powerhouses that could occupy the

70-kilometer pillars began to appear one after another.

Smaller families of the Constellation Bow Alliance fell into this category. The Hawk family, the Hood family, the Elven family...

Not far behind them were the families that upheld the spearmanship. These were the families that mostly made up the Stalwart Polearm party. Among this number, there were quite a few that preferred weapons like the glaive and halberd as well... The Croft family, the Sterling family, the Diablo family...

At that moment, the howl of a sword echoed over the horizon. The sudden change caused many that were focused on reaching their target pillars to waver slightly, the strong surge causing their pupils to constrict.

At first, many assumed that the Suiard family was making the appearance, but after some thought, they felt that it was simply impossible. There was no way that the Suiard family would allow the Morales family to casually change the narrative. If they were going to appear, their current attempt would be far more forceful than just this.

The Sina family.

An older gentleman with long, fluttering eyebrows appeared over the horizon. He cut through the air like a sword, a formation of blades hovering around him as he sliced through the pressure as though it was nothing more than a thin wind.

BANG!

He landed heavily on an 80-kilometer pillar, his sharp, sword-like gaze landing on Alejandro who continued to sit unmoved on the 100-kilometer pillar. There weren't even any

90-kilometer pillars to make use of, this was already the furthest he could go unless he was willing to battle it out with Alejandro.

The Morales had clearly done this on purpose, making it so that 80 kilometers was the highest would diminish the prestige of all the highest level families. The Suiard family was definitely on a far higher level than his Sina family, but wouldn't they have to obediently pick out an 80-kilometer pillar?

The older man sneered, his aura flourishing. However, he did nothing and he remained silent. He felt that it was beneath him to speak to a junior like Alejandro. In his youth, he was collectively known as the Twin Swords along with a current Ancestor of the Suiard family. That Ancestor was known as the Light Sword and he was known as the Shadow Sword, both literally and figuratively.

The relationship of the Sina and Suiard families weren't exactly like master and subordinate and was much more complex than that, but even setting such a thing aside, just his status alone was far beyond just pettiness.

After releasing his aura to make his displeasure known, he said nothing else and sat in meditation. He wondered if Alejandro would be able to remain so nonchalant in a few more moments.

The appearance of the Shadow Sword seemed to have unleashed an avalanche onto Morales territory.

One after another, the constellation families began to appear one after another, each one carving paths toward the 80-kilometer pillars.

The Gemin family family, the Libra family, the Taur family, the Tarius family, the Pyius family, the Cornus family, the Cancer family, the Ram family, the Virgo family, the Quarius family, the Pisc family, the Lio family...

The uproarious laughter of Vanuzi Lio echoed through the skies, dispersing the clouds and causing the narrow pillars to sway from side to side. Many of the weaker existences were forced to grit their teeth and unleash their Force to forcefully stabilize themselves.

Behind the Constellation Families came the number one religion of the Human Domain. Their representative was a young woman with thick and large sleeves that hid her hands in a clasp of prayer. A halo hung above her head and it seemed very much real, it didn't seem to be a gimmick or even something forcefully created by Force. Even if it was, she was simply too beautiful for others to lambast.

This young woman was known as a Demi Goddess to their religion, a young woman with Spiritual blood running through her veins...

This was the Spiritual Faith, the strongest religion of the Human Domain and one that worshipped not a person, nor a Force, but rather an entire Race. This was a religion of people who belived that the Spirituals were elevated humans and that only by seeking their guidance and cleansing oneself could you transcend oneself could you transcend humanity and become a Spiritual as well.

If the strongest factions of the Human Domain were to be listed, there was no doubt that the Spiritual Faith would be among them although they were often neglected.

The Morales, the Suiards, the Constellation Alliance, the Guild Alliance, Shield Cross Stars, the Void Palace, and finally... The Spiritual Faith.

Of these powerhouses, three had arrived. But in keeping with the humble nature necessitated by her religion, the Demi Goddess didn't fight for a higher place, simply gliding to a position on an 80-kilometer pillar.

At that moment, though, the situation seemed that it was finally about to change.

An unexpected ship appeared over the horizon and an even more unexpected person stepped out.

The young woman was gorgeous beyond words and perfect beyond description.

Cynthia Omann, the Scorned Queen Beauty, stepped through the air, fluttering down with gentle steps.

The entire world seemed to fall into silence.