Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cynthia fluttered down like a fairy, her presence among the only ones that could match and even faintly suppress the Demi Goddess. Even with her age, it was impossible to find a single flaw, and even with her somewhat negative title of Scorned Queen Beauty, not a single soul thought less of her. However, it was unknown if this was because she was simply that perfect... or if it was because the man who had tainted her reputation was so entirely irreproachable.

The story of the Scorned Queen Beauty was one that had set the Human Domain ablaze all those years ago.

Velasco had ruined his fair share of beauties in his youth, and had infuriated even more families and organizations as a result. Whether it was the backing of the beauties themselves, or the backing of the young men who had lost the race for her, it could be said that he had enemies everywhere. If it wasn't for his absolute strength, even the Morales family would simply be unable to protect him.

Even so, compared to all the others, the Scorned Queen Beauty was an especially tragic one.

If there was any female counterpart to Velasco, it was Cynthia Omann. She was unmatched by all except Velasco, even the likes of Montez couldn't last more than a handful of exchanges with her. Ever since they were born and grew old enough to walk, most were entirely unable to mention Velasco without mentioning Cynthia. Even when Velasco ruined his first segment of beauties, no one batted an eye, assuming that he would end up with the pure and perfect Cynthia in the end regardless.

Some were enraged with Velasco for forcing Cynthia to deal with such humiliating rumors about her future husband's lack of discipline, and no small number of battles had been triggered as a result of this.

Even so, Cynthia had never said anything about it, silently waiting. And then, that day seemed to have come. Everything was prepared, the perfectly matched couple would finally come together...

But it never happened.

Before the wedding was meant to take place, Ishamel Morales died.

What happened in between is unknown, but by the next time others heard of Velasco's wife, that title was no longer attached to Cynthia, but was rather attached to an unknown and somewhat ordinary genius of the Void Palace, an inconspicuous young woman from a Sixth Dimensional family, Alienor.

The Human Domain entered a state of uproar and the title of Scorned Queen Beauty was born.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Seeing her fluttering down now, though, no one thought that this was a tragic beauty. This was a woman half the powerhouses of the Human Domain wanted, a beauty that most didn't even dare to have such thoughts of.

Cynthia's body came to a pause in the air, her lovely blue eyes scanning the region for a moment. Her expression didn't seem to give anything away, and despite the fact she was already within the range of the suppression, her body didn't so much as sway. If it was not for the fact her robes clung to her curves just the slightest hint more, it would have been impossible to guess that she had entered range at all.

Suddenly, Cynthia extended a slender finger and tapped at the air.

WHOOOSH!

Alejandro's eyes snapped open instantly, but it was already too late.

A complex formation that had once been invisible suddenly appeared before the eyes of everyone.

Cynthia pressed a finger down and touched a rune. At that moment, all iterations of that rune shone with a bright light, shimmering like miniature suns.

A surging aura rose from Cynthia's lithe body, causing harsh winds to pick up. Those still sitting on their pillars and even many spaceships hovering around Planet Morales trembled.

Countless faces paled and even Alejandro's brows shot up.

This wasn't the aura of a Seventh Dimensional expert... She had already entered the Eighth Dimension!

Cynthia dragged her finger across, shifting the position of the runes ever so slightly.

BANG!

The formation crumbled, bursting into a rain of shards of light. In that instant, the pressure everyone had been experiencing vanished.

Cynthia floated forward through the shards as though she hadn't done a thing, landing on an 80-kilometer pillar without a word and taking a seat.

Alejandro's lip couldn't help but twitch. She could have taken an 80-kilometer pillar just as easily with or without destroying the pressurizing formation, and yet she had chosen this path anyway. The wrath and pettiness of a scorned woman knew no bounds and Alejandro knew better than to say anything. Even Vanuzi Lio, who would usually be laughing at the Morales family's misfortune at this point, didn't dare to say a single thing.

Alejandro exhaled a breath, and here he thought that the only one of that generation who could have possibly reached that level already was Velasco... It seems that it was not a coincidence that they're always attached at the hip in their youth.

Shaking his head, Alejandro smiled bitterly inwardly. What happened next would be far more annoying because of the actions of this scorned beauty.

Almost as though on cue...

BOOM!

A warship double the size of a planet appeared over the horizon. On the bow of the ship, several white robe fingers stood, the echo of sword howls sweeping over Planet Morales.

BOOM!

Another warship, just as large and just as looming, appeared. On the bow, men and women with bows striped across their chests stood in silence, the howl of Bow Force echoing over the planet.

"Go."

Two young men glided forward. Compared to the others present, they're clearly out of place and were without a doubt members of Leonel's generation.

The Bow Deity, Nazag Tarius.

The Sword Deity... Amery Suiard.

The goal of the Tarius and Suiard families was clear and obvious, and Cynthia's actions had allowed it to happen. The Morales had sent forward a junior that was young that 99% of those there, so they would send a pair even younger than that.

Not only would this clearly knock the Morales down a pair, it would make their attempt to protect Leonel feel far more glaring than it should have.