Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The two young men seemed to ride a wave of weapon Force, landing on their pillars with a bang. Despite the seniority of those around them, their visages were the picture of indifference. It was clear at a glance why they were chosen to carry the future of their families.

Alejandro didn't bother to close his eyes once again and he had long since regained his composure. He angled his head to the skies, seemingly waiting to see if anyone else would appear.

This was unlikely, whether it was the Void Palace or Shield Cross Stars, they were both committed to neutrality, and everyone else of note was already present. Plus, the Void Palace wasn't made up of families and organizations like this, while Shield Cross Stars, although they were, were very invested in not placing any sort of nepotism front and center for obvious reasons.

"It seems like everyone is here," Alejandro said lightly.

Although his voice was soft, it easily traveled to everyone.

"The purpose of this gathering is to discuss the finalized rules of the Heir Wars, however..."

Alejandro's gaze flashed with lightning, the clouds above darkening.

"The Morales family and I, as their Patriarch, would like to make something very clear first.

"First, Earth has never been our target. The secrets of the Morales family are beyond your understanding, and if you think that the hot blood that runs through our veins is capable of taking advantage of a fledgling world which is yet to be capable of standing on its own two feet..."

CRACK! BooM!

Arcs of lightning flashed across the skies, a suffocating BOOM echoing through all their hearts and pressing down on their hearts.

"... Then you're assigning too much of your inferiority toward us."

Alejandro's gaze flashed like lightning.

"Second, the Morales family and I don't give a damn whether you believe us or not. We have never needed your acknowledgement, nor will we ever need it. If you think you've forced our hand by causing this change in the Heir Wars, you're nothing short of mistaken, and in the worst case, foolish.

"We do not need subliminal messaging, nor do you need to read between the lines with us. There is one and only one reason for these Heir Wars...

"... And that's as a reminder to you all that the dignity of the Morales family cannot be infringed upon.

"For the sake of the Human Domain and the dangers that it is facing, we've decided to keep this small reminder on a stage the younger generation can claim, but this is the one and final warning we will give you all.

"If you insist on pressing forward, thinking that numbers will oppress us and force us to take a step back, we will see what happens first...

"Whether the Morales will destroy the Human Domain first, or if outsiders will. Feel free to take your pick, and while you're at it, be sure to understand your limits."

The crackle of thunder continued to echo and Alejandro's voice had gone from a light whisper to a booming cadence. Those from lesser families couldn't help but pale considerably.

They had always heard that the Morales were a group of madmen, but never had they expected that they would rather war against the whole Human Domain than lower their heads.

This was the final line the Morales were drawing, there wouldn't be a second.

Alejandro grinned a malevolent grin, suddenly unable to control his true self. The pressure of so many families sitting around him made his blood boil, his Spear Force threatening to rage out of control. Even an Eighth Dimensional expert had appeared, how could his blood not be alive?

"If it's up to me, I hope you don't know what's good for you. My blade has been sheathed for too long."

At that moment, a figure rose up from the ground, landing by Alejandro with a light cough and patting his shoulder.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Adawarth smiled lightly. "Sorry, everyone, my father's temper has been the best recently. His words are correct, though, it's best that we keep this to the younger generation, the patience of the older is much more limited."

Adawarth swept a gaze across everyone present.

"Truthfully, those words were the main reason we invited you all here. The Morales truly do not fear anyone and we do not change our plans for the sake of the pressure of outsiders. I, as the eldest brother of the Nova Generation, speak for my brothers when I say whether you all participate or not, makes little to no difference. Our real competition was ourselves to begin with.

"The rules of the gathering will be the same as it alwavs has been and you all can experience what every generation of Morales has experienced. If you do not like the rules. feel free to complain, though those complaints will likely fall of deaf ears.

"If there's nothing else, I will go about explaining what these rules are. After I am finished, we'll construct an official list of participants that cannot and will not be changed after we all leave here today.

"Anything?"

Adawarth seemed to gain the initiative back for the Morales family. At this point, if anyone asked for rule changes, it would seem as though they're asking for leniency compared to what the Morales family juniors usually experienced and they would only end up humiliating themselves.

But at the same time, if the Morales family's rules weren't strict enough to begin with, then exposing these rules after so much bloviating now would only give rise to them to smack their own faces.

At this point, everyone had to put their best foot forward with failure costing them endless humiliation.

Adawarth's smile, though, seemed to make it clear that he was quite confident in this regard.

"Good. Then I'll begin to explain now.

"As always, the Morales family's Heir Wars will take place in the War Zone, a space constructed and reset every generation by Ancestor Hugo. The main fixture of this world is that for its residents and the general world, time moves 100 times faster than normal.

"Although this space is virtually constructed, the danger, injuries, and death...

"Are very much real."