Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Adrin's expression darkened.

"You have no idea what you're talking about. You have no idea how cruel those two Lineage Factors are, how much harm they've caused to the world. They don't deserve to exist!"

Adrin realized that his emotions were more easily agitated than they should have been, but he shrugged this feeling off quite quickly. His people had died, the status of his sister was unknown, he had been chained like a beast, and now he was being interrogated by someone with the most annoying smile he had seen in his life, he had the right to be pissed off!

"Mm," Leonel pursed his lips and nodded, "the Northern Star Lineage Factors can get quite sinister, and controlling the dead after their death is definitely quite horrible, I can see how you could reach that conclusion.

"I don't really see how that's any worse than epigenetics and public torturing and executing innocents just because you think they fell in love with the wrong person, though. If you ask me, the tools of those Lineage Factors might seem cruel on the surface, but their evil is ultimately decided by the person controlling them.

"But for you all... what's your excuse, exactly? You just really like your blue hair? God forbid you end up with black hair, that would make you far too normal."

Adrin grit his teeth, his eyes going red, but he didn't know how to respond. He knew that Leonel was referring to what happened to Aina's parents, but the Brazinger family wasn't the only one that had done such cruel things. In order to keep their Bloodlines pure and within their control, all four families had done horrible things in the past.

"Nothing to say? Interesting," Leonel nodded again. "What confuses me though, is that you know the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor is in my hands, and yet you still want to resist.

That's a bit silly, don't you think?"

Adrin shivered from head to toe.

He had never seen that Lineage Factor in action, but he had read and heard enough about it. It had a huge taboo attached to it and struck fear in countless races. He didn't want to end up like one of those puppets, being forced to smile, nod and dance for the man who had killed him in the first place for all of eternity.

Suddenly, Adrin snapped out of it, shaking his head from side to side vigorously. He grit his teeth and eventually sneered.

"Nice try. Just because you have the Lineage Factor, doesn't mean you understand its secrets. It took countless generations to create those techniques, I don't believe you have them.

The tablets have..."

"You mean this?" A golden tablet appeared in Leonel's hand. "Interesting, so you do know about these. Then do you know what's the difference between this and this one?"

Leonel brought out the Silver Tablet right afterward.

Adrin's trembling grew to the point he began to hyperventilate. The fear buried in the depths of his heart was so great that he couldn't even look at the tablets anymore, closing his eyes as tightly as he could.

It would be a fate worse than death to end up in Leonel's hands. He couldn't

"Hey!"

Leonel's voice echoed with a mysterious power, snapping Adrin awake.

"If you understand the kind of situation you're in, then answer my questions obediently. I don't have the time to baby you."Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"IL... This..."

Adrin's chest heaved. Leonel had forcefully stopped his panic attack with a shout, he didn't even know how to process that.

"The Silver Tablet, what is it." Leonel asked coldly, his smile vanishing. He had suddenly gone from someone hoping for answers, to someone who was demanding them. The change caused the air to be caught in Adrin's throat and the pressure forced him to answer almost immediately.

"I... I don't know."

"You don't know?" Leonel raised an eyebrow.

"It... I only know that it's an opportunity that happens here."

"Here?" Leonel frowned. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"I don't know, I really don't know... my standing in the Adurna family is lower than you think, even Simeon has a higher standing than I do, it's just that his needy talent placed him near my level. If not for my sister, I would not even be as powerful as I am now, at least not so quickly."

"What do you know about it?"

"They're... They're gateways. No, they're keys... I'm not sure, it's one or the other, or both."

"Gateways...? Keys...?"

"They're shortcuts, right, shortcuts. All I know is that they're created with a strong concentration of Time Force and Dream Force."

"Time Force and Dream Force?"

"Yes, it's the strongest Force in all of existence, Infinity Force... The only Force that can match it is Anarchic Force..."

Leonel fell into silence.

"How does Infinity Force relate to Breaking Force?"

"... Infinity Force is all Forces, and all Forces are Infinity Force, just the same way Anarchic Force swallows all Forces."

"So this Silver Tablet gives access to Infinity Force?"

"It... It's silver so it only gives a portion..."

"There are gold "shortcuts" ?"

"I'm not sure, but even if it was gold it would not give perfect access to Infinity Force, Infinity Force is too powerful to be used by any creature..."

"What are the abilities of this Silver Tablet, then?"

"It should be able to help you to progress faster, it breaks bottlenecks for you and can give you enlightenment in exchange for energy. However, the silver tablet only works up to the perfection of the Seventh Dimension... It can also act as a second life so long as you are beneath the Eighth Dimension..."

Leonel looked down at the Silver Tablet. It seemed that shortcut was, indeed, an appropriate name. He had known about this ability of the Silver Tablet, in fact he had made use of it before. It was thanks to it that he went from Tier 1 to Tier 9 of the Fifth Dimension of his Metal Body back then. Without it, he would not have been able to win that fight against those Sixth Dimensional powerhouses that were targeting Earth.

However, he hadn't used it since then because relying on it made future breakthroughs much more difficult. Luckily, absorbing those demon Force Pills had allowed him to perfect his foundation and deal with the lingering issues.

He was hesitant to use it again for those reasons.

"... What do you know about Force Manipulation?"