Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The elders stood completely stunned. They had no ability to understand what was happening.

It wasn't like there had never been anyone who survived Bloodline Deviation before. However, their number was extremely small. In addition, those who survived would all lose the right to enter their Bloodline World again in addition to losing access to their Lineage Factor. They would essentially be crippled in that respect.

But, this was obviously not what was happening here. Everything pointed toward a successful awakening. If it wasn't for the fact there was a royal violet color infused with the usual bronze, these elders would think that Leonel had somehow reversed everything at the final moment.

Just… what was happening?

Those elders who had turned to leave charged back, each of them jostling for position. If before they wanted to know nothing about this youth, they now wanted to know everything. How could they miss out on learning this youth's name?

The lights slowly faded and the hidden tablet began to gradually come into view.

The tablet seemed to swallow all the violet bronze lights in the air, converging on a single name at the very bottom of the stone tablet.

'The bottom? This brat is so young?'

The rankings on the Nova Generation Tablet, or any ancestral tablet for that matter, wasn't based on standing or rank or anything of the sort. It was purely based on the time you were born.

The eldest of the generation would be ranked first while the youngest would be ranked last. It was only after a certain coming of age event that the order would be reshuffled. By then, age would no longer be the deciding facter of rank.

But, one could imagine how large a tablet that could hold a billion names would be. Yet, ironically, ranking last was just as conspicuous as ranking first, especially since Leonel's name stood out so much!

Upon awakening the Spear Domain Lineage Factor, a name would gain a sharp edge to it that radiated a kingly might. In the universe, there were many weapons factions, but the struggle between the spear and the sword had always been the most violent. Both of them were seen as the king of weapons by their respective wielders, so there would always be clashes between the two.

Upon awakening the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor, a name would gain a heavy aura and also a bronze sheen to it, standing out from the other stone carved names.

Obviously, upon awakening both, one would gain a fusion of the two.

It was already outstanding enough that Leonel's name had both characteristics. After all, there were only seven others like this. However, even compared to them, his stood out just that level more because in addition to a bronze sheen, his name was also surrounded by a violet aura. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Leonel Morales…" The crooked toothed elder muttered. "… Have any of you heard of this brat?"

The elders looked at one another for confirmation, but all they found were numerous shaking heads. There were a billion youths, how could they know all of them?

In truth, with their strength, memorizing the names and faces of a billion people wasn't an issue. The issue was whether or not they found such a thing to be worthy of their time.

"He's this generation's little brother, though. If I remember correctly, the last time a name appeared on the Nova Generation Tablet was 18 years ago…"

The elders sucked in a cold breath. Awakening both Lineage Factors before 20?

"Let's look at the Nebula Generation Tablet."

Hearing this suggestion, the elders all nodded.

The timelines in the universe were never linear. The future could influence the past in the same way the past could influence the future. If their son awakened in this fashion, it was possible for the father to gain some benefits as well. In this way, it might be possible to learn who Leonel was through who his father or mother was.

However, the elders found no changes on the Nebula Generation Tablet.

They all looked toward one another with a solemn expression.

The only way such an awakening wouldn't influence the previous generation is if the previous generation was already too powerful to cause such a change. But, the number strong enough to fall into this category would definitely not number more than a thousand.

The issue was if any of these thousand had such an outstanding descendant, how could it be possible that they'd be unaware?

As such, there were only two explanations.

One possibility was that this person of the Nebula Generation purposely withheld this offspring of theirs… If this was the case, the elders couldn't help but shudder. How could there ever be a good reason for doing such a thing?

The second possibility was…

Thinking of this, all the elders had gazes that shone like bright torches. There was only —

Just when the elders were thinking this, several powerful auras suddenly converged and a mighty voice sounded out from the skies.

"… The violet winds rise north…"

A soft sigh rang through the sacred lands.

"… Forget the matters of today and don't investigate any longer. The child is not within our lands." A sigh rang out once again. "… Just as much of a troublemaker as his father…"

The elders below didn't dare to say much. Even after all the auras disappeared, they only looked at each other once and left silently. Inwardly, they all knew that their second speculation must be correct.

**

Within the Segmented Cube, Leonel gasped awake just in time to find a last thread of violet bronze light seeping into his body.

He smile bitterly as he looked around. The Lab Setting was a complete mess. He was shocked to find that there was even a hole beneath where he lay. If it wasn't for some sort of odd energy barrier, he would have fallen right through.

However, just when he was feeling depressed, a strong surge of Force suddenly swept through the Segmented Cube.

Leonel's eyes lit up. He immediately understood what was happening.

The Segmented Cube had absorbed enough Force to enter Phase Two!