Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1922 States

Adrin fell into silence. The glow in Leonel's gaze was almost blinding, he could practically see the thoughts flying behind it.

Currently, Leonel was doing something most couldn't fathom. He was restricting his entire thought process and flipping his former ideologies on their heads. While it was possible that Adrin's explanations were limited and incomplete, Leonel felt that they were very close to the reality, so much so that he acted on them almost immediately.

With the shift in ideology, Leonel could almost feel his body becoming lighter and stronger. Even without new comprehensions, he felt that the road forward was clearer and his comprehension of the Runes he had grasped shifted and changed, becoming stronger.

The Ninth Dimensional complete Runes that were within his Innate Node now only represented superficial scaffolding, if he really wanted to make perfect use of them, he had to comprehend them and then shrink them until only one simple rune remained... the very rune that would have been the Impetus of Creation for this Force.

The glow in Leonel's eyes slowly faded, but the sharpness within them didn't vanish entirely.

His gaze shifted, landing on Adrin.

"Tell me what else you know"

"I... I only know the general path, but it's all very vague and I don't have in-depth information about any of it."

"That's fine, just explain."

"The first Dimensional Fold level is the Unfurled State. Usually, it's only attainable by either reaching the equivalent Dimension of your Force's Grade, having an equivalent Dimensional Grade Affinity, forming a Star with it, or by having an Innate Node, though the latter three often come hand in hand. Only when you have full access to your Force can the next step begin."

Leonel listened intently, his gaze focused. It seemed that even if you wanted to take the route of Force Manipulation to make up for your lack of talent, you still had to reach a certain level first.

But then again, there was nothing stopping you from choosing to focus on a Fourth Dimensional Force in the beginning, and then switching to a related Force in the future. That way, you would always be able to keep up with those in your generation.

Leonel didn't know it, but he had just casually thought of something quite profound, the foundation of this thought would result in many changes in the future.

"To step beyond the Unfurled State is something that most will never accomplish in their lifetimes, it takes a certain level of genius to take even half a step out of it, let alone stepping out entirely."

Leonel chuckled. "Is that what they told you?"

Adrin froze when he heard this, looking into Leonel's eyes.

"If it was really so difficult, why would they put so much effort into hiding it?

I bet if you told 10 people these methods, seven or eight of them would be able to make it out. Whether they'd be able to make it further, though..."

Suddenly, Adrin felt a light of hope. Indeed, that was something they had told him. But if it was so difficult, this sort of secrecy wouldn't be necessary.

It seemed that despite tacitly allowing his knowledge of this matter, they still took the steps to dampen his spirits, and he had fallen for it so easily.

Adrin seemed to relax, the resistance he had had against Leonel seemingly vanishing into thin air.

"Beyond the Unfurled State is what's known as the Layered State.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Depending on the level of the Force, it will have more or less of these Layered States, and also depending on its strength, moving through these Layers will give you varied results.

"The number of Layers is dependent on the difference between your Force's Dimensional Grade and the Sixth Dimension.

"Forces at and lower than the Sixth Dimension all have just a single Layer.

For every step above the Sixth Dimension, there is an additional Layer for a maximum of Four Dimensional Layers at the Ninth Dimension."

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "Why the Sixth Dimension?"

"These are details I do not know... But there should be something special about the Sixth and Ninth Dimensions Respectively, it's likely related to the fact life starts at the Third Dimension..."

"The Fourth Dimensional Layer unique to Ninth Dimensional Forces is also unique as well, and these things are probably related. It's probably more accurate to say that there are Three potential Layers and a Fourth bonus Layer known as the Transcendent Layer... But my sister only vaguely told me about these things as she doesn't understand the details either."

"Either way, the Sixth Dimension is the first hallmark and the Third Dimension is the second."

"The first state is the Unfurled State, the second is the Layered State, and the third is the Impetus State. You are probably right about them fooling me with the truth of the Unfurled State, but according to my little sister, she has only ever heard of Eighth Dimensional existences even getting close to the Impetus State. And reaching the Impetus State is the requirement to enter the Ninth Dimension..."

Leonel nodded slowly.

Returning your Force to the Third Dimension was technically the theoretical limit of humans and all races in general. The foundation of the body was rooted in the Third Dimension and building began from there, so the Impetus State could be considered the Perfect Stage.

"With the Layered State... it depends. But usually, only absolute geniuses Seventh Dimensional experts would reach Perfection. Of course, reaching Perfection varies depending on the Force in question. Normally, just being in the Layered State at all and taking a step or two makes you elite within the Seventh Dimension."

"If you reach the Half-Step Layered State, or, in other words, take a half step out of the Unfurled State, you should be considered among the 1% of the 1% of the Sixth Dimension. This is about the general difficulty..."

"As for beyond that... It's basically unheard of. They call them the Life State and finally the Creation State, as you've probably guessed. They're related to the Second Dimension and First Dimension respectively."

"There is probably no one who has entered the Creation State. As for the Life State, there is probably only a handful of existences even within the Four Great Families. In fact, if I had to guess, there is probably only one per family..."

"As for the Creation State... The only existences who stand a chance are probably in the Spiritual Race, no other Race stands a chance..."

Leonel's gaze practically shone.