Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1925 Choice

A combination of Leonel's personal skill, his personal affinity and likely his Lineage Factor gave him access to the First Layered State. His Sovereignty gave him a step above that, allowing him to enter the Second Layered State.

And, finally, perfecting his grandfather's way of the spear gave him an entire level above that, allowing him to enter the Third Layered State.

If Leonel suppressed his Spear and Bow Force from now on, this would mean that he would be able to replicate the feat of those who suppressed their weapon Forces at the Fifth Dimension, but this time with a Sixth Dimensional Force. This would mean that he would be able to suppress a Suppressor with his Spear Force alone should they be at the same level. In fact, suppression might be too benign a word to describe the level of advantage Leonel would have.

However, Leonel wasn't satisfied with just this alone. If his grandfather's way of the spear was worth an entire State, then if he improved upon it further, there should definitely be more to gain. Leonel had already made progress on the next step, and if he could elevate it to the Fourth Layered State, there would be another qualitative change.

'But then what about Destruction Sovereignty...?'

Leonel tried to access it like he had with his Spear and Bow Force, but for some reason, no matter how much he tried, it was all useless. He couldn't seem to sense it at all, even with the changed state of his mind. He simply didn't have an explanation for it.

Leonel sat in silence for a while before he threw it to the back of his mind, beginning to test his weapon Forces in other ways. He began to fuse his other Forces into it, testing its limits and trying out what differences there might be.

He realized quickly that fusing his Spear Force with Forces he had less control over lowered his ability to Dimensional Fold. Even when he circulated his grandfather's methods, it was impossible to maintain the Third Layered State.

However, it wasn't all bad. Using a higher Dimensional Force like his Scarlet Star Force elevated his Spear Force that it mitigated the loss in control. The ultimate result was comparable and sometimes even faintly stronger than just relying on a Third Layered State.

This made Leonel even more determined to refine his own way of the spear.

A higher Force Manipulation didn't always make you invincible, though it did go a long way. If you faced someone in a higher Dimension, using higher Dimensional Forces, you could still lose.

Force Manipulation was a force multiplier, but it had its limits, limits one had to push to the greatest extent to give themselves the best chance to claim victory.

Leonel suddenly stood to his feet, exhaling a breath. He still had many questions, but his heart felt light.

After some thought, he waved a hand and the chains binding Adrin's wrists unlocked, though the ones on his ankles remained. Once he was done, he walked away. He had no intention of releasing Adrin anytime soon, but he would allow him to be more comfortable. The information the latter had given him was more valuable than maybe even Adrin himself knew, and it would become the foundation for the nightmare of the four Great Families.

Leonel's gaze glowed brighter with every step he took. These Heir Wars would be fun, he wouldn't let anyone stand in the way of him taking over the Morales family. And very soon, no one would be able to stop him from unifying the whole of the Human Domain and the Dimensional Verse beyond.

A dense purple glow flourished around him.

**

Adawarth finished his explanation, looking forward with a light smile on his face. His expression seemed light and carefree without the slightest hint of worry. He had explained this quite simply, but the true danger of that realm wouldn't be felt until everyone stepped within.

"If there's nothing else, then this meeting can be adjourned," Adawarth said with a smile. "The Heir Wars will begin a year from now."

Adawarth's smile didn't waver after he said this, but the eyes of many narrowed. This time was clearly an attempt to buy time, but with the arrogant momentum of the Morales, no one dared to say anything for now...

Except the one person who had nearly ruined everything to begin with.

"A moment.

The words seemed to be a request, but the inflection carried an undeniable weight. At the same time, the voice was soft, soothing and bone melting, and yet carried a sternness that was impossible to refute.

The only person present who could balance such things was the Scorned Queen Beauty, Cynthia Omann.

Seemingly without a need to wait to make sure others were listening, and her eyes half closed, Cynthia began to speak lightly.

"A year is excessive. The Heir Wars will decide the direction of the Human Domain as it faces threats from all sides, too much can happen in this time.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

A month is already too long, but I feel that it's the most appropriate given the circumstances.

"Second, you are free to feel indignant for your treatment, but your indignance is irrelevant to me. The facts as they are laid out seem to bear out that the Morales want a monopoly on Earth, whether you claim this isn't your intention doesn't matter, this will be functionally the case.

"I can only speak for myself, but I will be sending participants with the sole purpose of ensuring that one Leonel Morales does not gain control of the Morales family, and should I sense the Morales family pulling strings to ensure his victory, I will act with the appropriate swiftness.

"I see these Heir Wars as the only method of maintaining the decorum of the Human Domain and not crippling a family that has existed since our beginning. I hope you can see those efforts and respond in kind. If the Morales family is truly sincere, you would remove the child's right to participate in the first place. If you do that, the Omann family and the Guild Alliance will withdraw from this affair.

"If you insist on your ways, however, then we can only press forward with this farce and the Morales will lose a young genius.

"The choice is yours."

After she said these words, Cynthia floated into the skies. She didn't seem to move very fast, and yet after a single blink, she had already appeared on her own flagship, disappearing a few moments later.

When an Eighth Dimensional existence spoke, the agreement of others wasn't needed.

Her meaning was very clear.

Accept her demands or the Omann family and their alliance would declare war.

A cloud of dancing lightning began to slowly manifest above Alejandro's head, his temper threatening to flare out of control.