Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The rumbling thunder above Alejandro's head suddenly expanded as he slowly stood to his feet. Arcs of lightning rushed through his pupils, the pillar beneath his suddenly cracking and nearly fracturing.

"Good, good... Good."

Alejandro raised his hands and the skies darkened instantly. Cynthia, who had just stepped on her flagship, paused, though she didn't turn back. Her dress fluttered in the wind, oddly peaceful compared to the raging storm rising around her.

"If you want the Morales family to lower their heads, you're all more foolish than I thought."

Alejandro's voice crackled and boomed, the weather itself echoing his words across the horizon. It felt like in that moment, everyone in the solar system could hear his voice.

"Then wait for war," Cynthia said lightly, prepared to continue moving.

"Wait?"

Alejandro raised his head to the skies, his laughter causing the rumbling black clouds to thicken.

"Since you all dare to come here in an attempt to humiliate my Morales family, why should you ever think of leaving?Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Warriors of the Morales family!"

Alejandro's voice boomed so loud that even the elders representing exceptional families winced, their ears bleeding beneath the sound and pressure. Their hearts trembled as they realized that the Morales family wasn't all talk.

Roars echoed from the planet below.

Alejandro closed his palm, a mighty spear spiraling with rainbow lightning appearing in his hand. At the same time, the sound of clinking armor echoed and a surge of rainbow lightning seemed to form around his body, forming a radiant armor that sparkled both like rainbow crystals and streaking lightning.

One after another, thousands began to rise into the skies, the clinking of armor filling the skies as Divine Armors of all kinds manifested. Some rumbled like volcanos, others howled like wind, some were as tall as giants, and others stepped through the air as though it was solid ground, radiating dense Earth Force that steadily increased the gravity of the surroundings.

"HA!"

The mixture of those that could rise into the skies and those that couldn't roared out. The white clouds that had clung to the bottom of the pillars dispersed, revealing a land below filled with men and women rushing to heed Alejandro's call.

It was clear at a glance that the Morales family hadn't planned this in advance. Their gathering army lacked any sort of organization or forethought, but it was precisely this that made the hearts of so many tremble so fiercely.

They didn't ask why, they didn't seek understanding, they didn't even seem to care if there was a reason at all. The moment they heard their Patriarch's call, they came out in droves, bloodthirsty lights in their eyes.

What was even more shocking was the fact that even though they should have known that so many powerhouses were coming today, they hadn't been on their guard at all. It was as though they had never regarded the rest of the Human Domain as something to take seriously in the first place, their faith in their Morales family was completely infallible.

It was disregard, complete and utter disregard.

Compared to any words that Alejandro could speak, this spoke far louder than anything else could have. This was the spirit of the Morales family, and the actions they all had taken in the previous generation to suppress Velasco didn't seem to have had any effect on the culture of the Morales family at all.

"Since you all want war, you can have your war right now!"

Cynthia's gaze narrowed as she turned back, a hint of surprise in her eyes.

She was intimately familiar with the Morales family, but it was easy to be madmen when you had the definite upper hand. The fact that they still dared to act like this despite the circumstances made her want to re-evaluate them once again.

However, she didn't get the chance to think about this even more, because a moment later, the Morales family surprised her once again.

BOOM!

An old man with a fluttering off-white robe appeared high in the skies. His white beard fluttered while his head had not a single strand on it, shimmering almost as bright as the lightning that was still flickering about in the dark clouds.

He cast an indifferent glance over the region before his gaze landed on Cynthia, causing her expression to become serious for the first time.

The instant he appeared, two more old men seemed to tear through the void to appear, one appearing behind Amery, and the other appearing behind Nazag. Even so, the Morales Elder in the skies didn't even glance in their direction.

"It's you who wants my Morales family to remove one of our Heirs from contention?"

Cynthia turned and looked up. Her brows smoothed out and her gaze, as placid as a lake, met that of the Morales Elder.

"I've made my stance clear already, is there a need to repeat? I speak for the Omann family, if the Morales want war, they can have-"

"Since when was it the Omann family's place to speak on the affairs of my Morales family?"

The Morales Elder raised his palm and suddenly grabbed out.

Cynthia's pupils constricted. Before the palm even descended, her flagship began to creak and quake.

Frowning, Cynthia gathered up her Force to counter, but shockingly enough, she found is dispersing before she could fully gather it up. Cynthia realized at that moment that she couldn't fight back at all.

Just when it seemed that she would be captured, a surging aura came from a pendant around her neck.

"Aren't you too shameless attacking a junior like this, Alvaro?"

"A junior? So is that the excuse now? A moment ago, she was the speaker of the Omann family, but now she's an insignificant character? Someone will have to pay for this, and if you stand in the way, it will be you, Radrian!"

BANG!

The slowly forming image of Radrian Omann shattered under Ancestor Alvaro's pressure. However, in its place, a swirling portal appeared.

Radrian stepped across the void, raising a wrinkled hand to struggle against Alvaro's might.

At that moment, everyone seemed to understand that the situation had escalated to a point of no return.

Two Ancestors had not only appeared, but were now exchanging blows.