Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

BOOM!

Ancestor Radrian stepped out completely, his bent arm extending fully and a rush of Force beat back Ancestor Alvaro's Force and eventually dispersed it.

Ancestor Radrian's expression darkened. "Is this really what you want to do, Alvaro?"

Ancestor Alvaro stood in the skies, the intent in his gaze blazing. With a wave of his hand, he pulled out a bronze spear with a menacing blade.

Almost instantly, the howl of Spear Force sundered the skies, a violent swirl of sharp Force stinging the eyes of all those who owere foolish enough to look directly at it.

"The Morales family will not take a step back!"

Alvaro slammed the butt of his spear downward, causing cracks to appear in the air as though reality itself was shattering akin to fragile glass. With a flick of his wrist, he brandished his spear, crossing the distance between himself and Radrian.

Radrian had no choice but to respond in kind, a dozen circular blades appearing around him. Three took form along each one of his forearms, the rest shooting forward and surrounding Alvaro.

A hint of solemness pressed down between Radrian's brows. No one had expected the Morales to truly take things this far. They had all underestimated the kind of fury they had all held in their hearts the last time something like this had happened.

The previous generation of Morales was too powerful, and their head was even more so. It was widely accepted that if nothing was done to dull their momentum and blades, the result would be the unification of the Human Domain under the Morales family.

In truth, the Omann family had had little to do with what happened back then. With Cynthia being the assumed soon-to-be wife of Velasco, the prosperity of the Morales would be their prosperity. At least, that was what it seemed to be on the surface... Radrian was quite aware that there were many in the Omann family that felt that a genius like Cynthia should remain within their family, allowing her to marry into the Morales would be as good as giving away a future pillar of their family.

Back then, something similar had happened. Many refused to allow Velasco to become the Patriarch of the Morales family. Velasco had never cared or wanted the position to begin with, so he had never intended on it to begin with.

However, right on the heels of that, Ishmael, Leonel's grandfather, was killed. The fury of the Morales family after this happened was palpable, but after Velasco slaughtered his way into the Void Palace, the entire Human Domain was forced into a tumultuous state and in order to calm things down, the Morales had to settle for the payback Velasco had gotten himself.

The choice made back then was one no single elder of the Morales was happy with. In fact, some harbored hatred for Velasco, believing that his rash actions back then had disallowed them the opportunity to retaliate properly. This was because no small number of innocents had died under Velasco's rage back then, if the Morales still pressed forward, reason would have no longer entirely been on their side because many others had suffered.

In the end, the Morales were forced to swallow their pride once, their bellies suffocating a large fire of fury, one that had been suppressed for many decades.

Even so, they had all made one decision back then.

Never again.

𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Human Domain had stepped on the lion's tail, but now they were surprised by the reaction. Radrian realized this as he exchanged blows with Alvaro, but it was already much too late. They had miscalculated, and it hadn't been by just a small amount.

**

"Shouldn't you be training right now?"

Leonel laid atop of Aina, looking into her eyes with a hardly hidden smile.

"If you want to tap out, just say so."

Aina looked appalled. "Tap out? If one of us is going to quit first, it'd be you!"

Leonel laughed. He had done anything in the past several weeks except mess around and roll around in bed with Aina.

"Very soon, we won't have time to restt, so we might as well take it now, don't you think?" Leonel grinned. "Of course, a quitter like you probably sees this as work. I can let the fair maiden off if she really can't handle it any longer."

Aina legs suddenly shifted and she pushed off her arms, spinning the two of them until she was the one riding on top. Leonel could feel her walls tightening around him. He seemed to realize that if it wasn't for his Metal Body, she probably could crush him, and this little vixen seemed to want to remind him of this.

Aina smiled a wide smile. "You don't seem to be taking the Heir Wars as seriously as you should. Isn't this your dream, but look at you now."

Leonel didn't seem to be listening as his gaze followed Aina's swinging breasts, they might as well have been a hypnotist's pendant with the way they had his attention.

"My dream? I'm dreaming of something entirely different right about now..."

Leonel mumbled.

Aina giggled, leaning forward and smothering Leonel's face.

"Yup, definitely a dream..." Leonel nodded to himself seriously, wrapping two arms around Aina's waist tightly.

"Look at you, you're like a child"

"I'm getting in the mind state necessary for baby number one."

"You're supposed to be a parent in that case, not a child."

"Says who? You be the adult, I'll be the best friend. Good cop, bad cop, it's a tale as old as the universe itself!"

Aina pinched Leonel's waist. "You want to make our child hate me?"

"How could they hate you," Leonel reached up and jiggled Aina's breasts.

"With food like this everyday, they'll be grinning from ear to ear."

Aina laughed and dropped the subject. It seemed that Leonel had no intention of being serious right this moment, so she decided to help his mind relax. Very soon, there really wouldn't be such an opportunity.

Lowering her lips, she kissed him before he could let another joke fly. How was she supposed to enjoy herself if she was busy laughing?