Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Planet Morales fell into chaos. As Leonel was streaking across the stars, quickly approaching, he had no idea that a war had already broken out on his behalf.

Leonel had already deduced that the Morales' attempt to give him more time would fail, which was why he hadn't decided to stay in Earth's territory and had instead begun to make his way over immediately. However, what he hadn't expected was for this to lead to the eruption of a decades' long suppressed fury.

The Morales family was intimately familiar with human nature. Taking a step back only made others think they had a license to take more.

Last time, the Morales family had had no intention of taking the first step back, but Velasco hadn't cared enough to even fight for it. The result of that were enemies spotting a chink in their armor and taking out a man who had contributed a great deal to their succeed.

These two things, Velasco's initial indifference, and his subsequent furious tirade, had caused no small amount of dissatisfaction within the family. But that was one matter, and this was another. It didn't matter to them who Leonel was, what Lineage he was from... All that mattered was that he had Morales blood, and a step beyond that, that he was one of their Potential Heirs.

The Morales family's reverse scale had already been poked at once, they wouldn't allow it to be poked out again.

Ancestor Radrian found himself being suffocated. The Morales and the Omann's might both be Crafting families, but their skill in combat couldn't be compared. By the third exchange, Radrian was already on his back foot, by the tenth, beads of sweat were falling down his brow.

The two old men who had appeared to protect Amery and Nazag frowned.

However, almost the instant they twitched, the skies tore apart and two more older men wearing off-white robes appeared, standing above them.

Without a word, they waved their palms and their spears appeared, howling Spear Force raging through the skies. By this point, the others could only be thankful that Cynthia had long since removed the gravity formation, or else their only fate would be to die.

The expressions of Ancestor Suiard and Ancestor Tarius turned ugly. The Morales were truly serious about this.

The both of them acted quickly, hiding their young geniuses behind them.

Suddenly, they regretted trying to make a show of force by sending these two forward instead of a pair of elders. If Amery and Nazag died in this battle, it wouldn't be worth it at all. Cynthia's words about dead geniuses seemed oh so ironic at this point.

"Is there a need for this?" Ancestor Suiard asked coldly, his gaze as sharp as a pair of twin swords.

One of them, an elder who went by Ancestor Ramon, pointed the tip of his spear toward Ancestor Suiard, the battle intent in his gaze blazing.

"The Suiard family has long since been an eyesore. Slaughtering you here would make my blade sing."

As though in response, Ancestor Ramon's spear vibrated wildly, the echo causing both Nazag and Amery to go pale.

Ancestor Suiard sneered. "The Morales family can't afford to do this"

"You have no idea what the Morales family can afford or not. I've been waiting decades to say this, but blood begets blood. I don't know who laid their hands on our brother Ishmael, but the Human Domain hasn't suffered nearly enough for that.

Hearing this, Ancestor Suiard's expression only became uglier.

If this was really the impetus for the Morales family's action, then they had had decades to think about this. In that time, they should have cooled off and let more rational thought win, but the opposite had happened instead.

What kind of trump cards had they prepared for this?

Just when Ancestor Ramon was about to attack and vent the chest full of fury he had suppressed for so long, a sudden change occurred.

BOOM!

Yet another flagship appeared in the skies.

Ancestor Ramon frowned. 'Shield Cross Stars?'

This thought only lasted for a moment, though. That was because on the bow of the ship, there was a boy sitting with his feet dangling among the stars, a boy whose face was recognizable to many by now. That was just an inevitable result when you were a Tier 1 Fugitive.

Leonel blinked, clearly not having expected to see such a shit show. This wasn't even his real body, it was just a clone he was using to direct the flagship. His true body was still having a grand time, though whether it was a clone or his real body didn't make much of a difference, after all both were being controlled by the same mind.

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"The hell...?" Leonel mumbled.

The current Leonel really looked out of place. He was shirtless, wearing nothing but a comfortable pair of sweatpants. He couldn't be bothered to conjure up anything more complicated for a clone, but this only made things all the more shocking.

Leonel's appearance, however, especially for those who thought that he had every intention of stalling and buying as much time as possible caught many off guard, almost more than the fact he dared to appear with a stolen flagship of Shield Cross Stars.

Cynthia's gaze drifted over, her expression unreadable.

Alejandro, who stood in the skies among crackling lightning, also turned over. In fact, even the various Ancestors looked over, after all, this young man was the spark that had started all of this.

Leonel blinked. He wasn't one to be shy, but this situation was truly quite weird to him.

Coughing lightly, he smiled. "Did I come at a bad time?"

The expressions of many became weird. Of all the responses they had expected, this was definitely the last. Leonel looked slightly uncomfortable, but outside of that, he didn't seem to feel the pressure of the situation at all.

Adawarth smiled bitterly. "Little bro, you really did come at a poor time."

"Oh? What happened?"

The conversation echoed across the battlefield, the rumbling of the Morales family warriors unable to suppress it entirely. It made sense for a Seventh Dimensional expert like Adawarth to be able to do this, but Leonel being able to...

"Well..."

Adawarth looked around. Leonel's appearance seemed to have caused a small lull, but this couldn't be helped. The entire surrounded were still quaking due to the appearance of such a large war vessel, it was difficult even for Eighth Dimensional existences to maintain perfect balance currently.

"... It's like this..."

Adawarth decided it wouldn't do any harm to explain. He still wasn't a fan of the Morales doing this, although his blood also boiled.

Leonel's brow raised after he listened to Adawarth.

"Is that all?"

Adawarth frowned, not quite sure how to respond to that.

"A year really is too long, by then I'll be in the Seventh Dimension. If we held the Heir Wars then, it wouldn't have any suspense. What fun would that be?"

Leonel's smile was like the summer breeze, his hair dancing gently in a wind that seemed to be of his own creation. The carefree confidence he exuded seemed to sweep away all auras but his own.