Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel smiled.

The evolution didn't take very long at all. In fact, it could be considered to have happened in the blink of an eye.

The Lab Setting doubled in size. But, surprisingly, the outside view of the Segmented Cube actually shrunk by a size down to a five meter radius. In addition, it seemed that it's exterior was a level sturdier. At the very least, the Force Eruption no longer seemed to affect it as much anymore.

Leonel didn't have time to slowly figure out what changes occurred, so this time, he directly asked the dictionary.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, Phase One of Segmented Cube provides Suspended Animation and the Black Grade Soothing Water. Phase Two provides the Bronze Grade Soothing Waters and Evolution Nurturing. ]

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "What is Evolution Nurturing?"

[ *Ping* ]

[ Natural Treasures within the means of Phase Two can be nurtured for growth. ]

"What is within the means of Phase Two?"

[ *Ping* ]

[ At and below the Fourth Dimensional Grade. ]

After a few more questions, Leonel came to understand everything.

It turned out that he was right to store the ores and herbs he gained within the snowglobes. In there, they could be nurtured to slowly grow and produce more of their kind. Though it would still take a long time, it was better than nothing.

In addition, according to the dictionary, it he found more Cores of the same kind, he could place them within the same environment and they would be able to mutually work together to expedite growth.

After knowing this, Leonel immediately separated the snowglobes into groups and put like minerals and herbs together. He didn't even have to stand to do this. After entering Phase Two, especially with his powerful spirit, he was able to control most of the matters of the Segmented Cube with his mind.

These ores would become especially important to him in the future. Not because of Force Crafting, but rather because of a special ability of his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. Unfortunately, he didn't have the time to explore this right now.

Leonel finally tried to push himself up. But, what he could ahve never expected was that he would fall flat on his face an instant later.

'What the hell…? Why am I so heavy?'

Leonel's expression changed as he swept his spirit over his own body. The change to his stats left him speechless.

[Leonel Morales]

[Strength: 4.57; Speed: 0.87; Agility: 0.63; Coordination: 0.91; Stamina: 1.13 (+0.05 - nullified); Reactions: 2.03; Spirit: 5.98; Force: 0.60]

First, he was stunned that his strength actually more than doubled. But, in return, his speed and agility had actually fallen by more than half, not to mention his stamina. On top of that, his coordination, which had once been among his highest stats alongside his spirit had actually plummeted as well.

He immediately understood. His Metal Synergy Lineage Factor had actually increased his weight by so much. Now, he wasn't much different from the metal A-grade Invalid he had met all those months ago, having great strength, but even greater limitations to his ability to use it.

Leonel didn't panic after realizing this. He didn't believe that such a powerful Lineage Factor would have such a great weakness. If he was no different from a mere A-grade Invalid, the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor wouldn't be worth all the praise and adulation the dictionary gave it.

After taking a breath, Leonel used his overwhelming spirit to sweep through the changes in his body. Soon, he found the problem.

Though the Runes on his skin had already disappeared, that was just a superficial measure. The Runes that ran through his blood vessels, and even more importantly his bones, had yet to recede.

After a moment, Leonel felt he could control them and slowly forced them into retreat.

Soon, the heaviness of his body vanished. He realized that his strength was still great, being above 3.00, but the reduction to his speed was much less exaggerated. In fact, compared to before, his speed and agility had also increased.

[Leonel Morales]

[Strength: 3.27; Speed: 2.17; Agility: 2.64; Coordination: 2.01; Stamina: 4.98 (+0.05 - nullified); Reactions: 2.03; Spirit: 5.98; Force: 0.60]

'My Lineage Factor is stil in its infant stages. If I was with the Morales family, the moment I completed my awakening, I would immediately start absorbing all sorts of precious ores. But, I don't have the luxury to do so right now.'

There were two main abilities of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor that allowed it to reign supreme. The first was its Divine Metal Absorption ability and the second was its Divine Armor Deity ability.

Leonel believed that the weaknesses in his Lineage Factor would all be solved by the time he began to practice these two abilities.

Leonel was beginning to feel that his stat system was too limited. When he finally had time to relax, he had to think of something better…

With that thought, Leonel stood and entered the Abode Setting. He had to speak to the other three youths. However, he didn't expect the three of them to look at him as though they were seeing some kind of monster. If it wasn't for their masks, their expressions might have been even more exaggerated.

Flowing Wind stepped forward, looking Leonel up and down.

"Handsome… How'd you get more handsome?"

Flowing Wind looked up at Leonel with a serious expression.

The changes in Leonel were simply too exaggerated.

Now, he stood just over two meters tall, crossing the 6'6 mark. His skin was just as tanned as it had always been, but it seemed smoother and more flawless, even to the point of radiating an incredibly faint bronze light.

As though this wasn't enough, his dirty blond hair had become a bright copper color. It was like his hair had been formed by individual, flexible filaments of the metal, sweeping across his shoulders with an inhuman sheen to it.

But the greatest change was to his aura. They all gravitated toward him uncontrollably. As unreserved as Flowing Wind usually was, even she felt somewhat stifled at this moment.

At this point, he really did look like some Roman God.

"Huh?"

Leonel tilted his head in confusion. He hadn't observed himself in the mirror. Even when he used his spirit to observe his body, it was only the inside of his body. So, he had no idea why their reactions were so exaggerated.

That said, he didn't have the time to mind it. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I'm confident in bringing us all away now and have a way to mature the Force Crystal Mine Core. Stay put here, I will take us out soon."

With the Segmented Cube gaining such a Phase Two ability, Leonel really could mature the Core now.

Everything should have been made simple but… The only issue was that the situation outside had changed, leaving Leonel a bit helpless. Thanks to the evolution of the Segmented Cube, Leonel could even access the situation outside its walls now.

First, the little mink had woken up and was even curiously observing the Force Eruption.

If that was all, things would still be fine. But, with the increase in his spirit, Leonel could finally see the edges of this vast kilometer long space clearly. Thanks to that, he noticed several tunnels he hadn't in the past. And… one of those tunnels led to a valley a group of people were currently exploring…

It wouldn't be long before they found this place.