Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The difference was striking.

Everyone was prepared for war. As far as the eye could see, there were armors, sharpened blades, gauntlets and pauldrons galore, and yet Leonel and Aina appeared as though they were strolling to a gala.

No matter who it was, even those that would have the intention of directly ignoring him from the very start, they all couldn't help but look.

In this sea of Seventh Dimensional experts, there were only two in the Sixth Dimension, and both of them were right before their eyes. Leonel hadn't chosen to bring one of his Seventh Dimensional guards. Instead, he had chosen to bring his Queen, his wife, his woman.

Bold. Unrestrained. Arrogant.

As he strolled forward, a radiant halo seemed to form above his head, a suffocating presence exuding from him. Despite the fact that he was clearly in the Sixth Dimension, his momentum seemed to suppress all those around him, but what was even more surprising was that the gorgeous woman by his side carried an air of dignity and majesty that was no less oppressive.

Golden Forces seemed to appear and vanish around Leonel just as quickly. He descended through the depths of space with fluttering steps, this golden Force forming flying doves and gliding butterflies. It was such a magical scene that it took even Eighth Dimensional existences several seconds before they realized that this golden Force was actually Spear Force!UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Their pupils couldn't help but constrict. They had never fathomed that Spear Force could be used in this way. It was alive, breathing. It was beautiful and seemed to lack the edge of blood and carnage that a spear should have had, and yet it was no less intimidating, in fact, it was more so.

Leonel and Aina landed on the glass platform, causing it to tremble. Any thoughts of obstructing their path forward seemed to vanish into the air, the geniuses that should have been here to participate and compete with them flowing out of the way one after another.

Neither Leonel nor Aina seemed to spare them a single glance as though their actions only made sense.

At this moment, Leonel's Tier 7 aura had flourished completely, entering the senses of those in the surroundings. However, rather than sneering at such a thing, their hearts could only leap into their throats.

... "A year really is too long, by then I'll be in the Seventh Dimension." ...

Those words should have been nonsense, they should have been something that could be dismissed with the wave of a hand, but the reality made this far from the case. Not even a year ago, Leonel was only at Tier 1, and yet he was already at Tier 7 now.

Leonel appeared within the central circle of Novas. There wasn't a single hint of a smile on his face, his King's Might flourishing in all directions. He had never been more focused in his life, and the result was a pressure more suffocating than anything he had ever exuded before, a pressure which, just like always, seemed to be something only Aina was entirely indifferent to. In fact, Aina's own presence seemed to fuse and multiply Leonel's own, the resonance between the two of them causing the Force in the air to fluctuate and disperse.

The weaker parties suddenly found that controlling their Force, even within their bodies, had become extraordinarily difficult. The appearance of two Sovereigns was more than what they could handle.

The eyes of the elders and various Ancestors standing on their ships narrowed. Leonel's words from just a month ago seemed to echo in their ears once more.

The Morales Ancestors looked down with sparkling gazes, their blood rushing through their veins and their bronzed skin flushing red like melting metal. Oh how they wished to be young once more.

Leonel's statement couldn't have been more clear. His attire spoke volumes, and it was a statement that was ringing throughout the entire Human Domain.

The others were warriors, he was a King. The others had come to fight, he had come for glory. The others hoped for victory, he had come to pass judgment.

To him, the outcome was already clear.

"Hugo," Ancestor Alvaro said lightly.

There was no need for any more words. Seeing the look in Leonel's eyes, it was clear that he was finished talking. He hadn't even looked toward his fellow Nova brothers even a single time. As his Spear Force continued to form life around him, it seemed that he was all too eager for his blade to taste blood.

Ancestor Hugo stepped forward, spreading his hands out wide as his aura flourished. He was a man who looked like he had a foot in the grave, even his balding head was covered in dark age spots. Even so, when he moved, the world seemed to move with him, the momentum of an Eighth Dimensional powerhouse flowing out like a tsunami.

A dense Dream Force pervaded the region and descended upon the glass platform.

Leonel stood in silence, closing his eyes lightly. Even when closed, he could sense the countless gazes on him. Many were filled with apprehension and fear, but there was a good number who had unwillingness, rage and fury in their eyes. Without even using his Internal Sight, he could feel the changes in their emotions as though they were being imprinted on his very soul.

Leonel slowly opened his eyes once more, a rippling ring of violet sweeping out from him. When these Heir Wars concluded, no one in his generation would dare to look at him with such a gaze.

WHOOSH!

All of the youth vanished at once.

When Leonel opened his eyes, he found himself in a wilderness, but the region was quite poor. The soil wasn't rich, and was in fact quite cracked and lifeless. The air was dry and hot with a sun beading down from above, it didn't seem like there had been any rain in months.

Looking down at his clothes, he wore nothing but a simple linen shirt and pants. If he wanted access to what he had been wearing previously, he would have to likewise complete tasks.

Leonel looked toward Aina who was by his side, wearing clothes just as simple and yet looking just as beautiful.

"Let's go," he said lightly.