Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina nodded and followed after Leonel who shot into the distance. He didn't hold back on his speed at all, leaving trails of Spatial Force, Light Force and Star Force in his wake.

The Heir Wars was the final test of the Morales, and it was treated and designed as such. Not only were your preparations being tested, but your skill was being tested. In the beginning, what you had done in the outside world was almost meaningless and would only begin to snowball as the Heir Wars continued. The only thing you would have access to is your original and raw strength.

Leonel suddenly reached out a hand. At that moment, a bow began to appear in his hands. At the same time, a golden battle ax appeared before Aina, one that she didn't hesitate to grab.

The linen clothing fluttered in the wind as they appeared before a small village.

The walls that protected the small village were made of bundled wood that looked as though they would be better used in a small fire. It was barely 30 or so meters across in diameter and it seemed to already be in a state of lockdown as though the appearance of Leonel and Alna had already been expected.

Leonel exerted strength in his feet and shot into the skies, appearing high in the trees and surpassing them. Just when it seemed that he would fall back down, a spatial platform appeared beneath his feet and he pulled back the string of his bow.

At the same time, barefoot and all, Aina whipped by an afterimage of his that was still on the ground. In a blink, she had already appeared by the gates of the small village, her gaze cold.

On the outside of the Heir Wars, everything seemed to have changed. The barren moon below had become lush and vibrant. At the same time, the glass platform began to flicker, subtly moving. At that moment, it became obvious that it wasn't a platform, but rather a perfectly glass cube that one could see through perfectly.

At that moment, however, the glass cube flickered, images of all sorts appearing. An odd Force Art seemed to make it possible for the glass cube to function as any individual's personal entertainment station. Even so, almost everyone focused on the exact same thing at the first sign of choice...

Leonel.

Watching him break out into a sprint immediately, the silence was loud. There was nothing wrong with this choice, but there was nothing right about it either. In addition, it was oddly confident for someone who was in the Sixth Dimension.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The challenges and enemies of the Heir Wars were all set to a Seventh Dimensional standard. They had all felt that Leonel was foolish to begin with, taking another Sixth Dimensional existence in with him instead of a Seventh Dimensional one was the pinnacle of foolishness.

That said, if he could leverage the statement, he could come out on top, but he would have to target the appropriate challenges first. Running around like a headless chicken wasn't the right way, he hadn't even properly scanned his region yet.

The eyes of the spectators narrowed further when Leonel summoned weapons from thin air. He shouldn't have any treasures on him right now, which meant he manifested those.

The cube transmitted all information, including auras. Sensing the Emulation Spatial Force Leonel was using, their gazes narrowed.

"A coincidence?" Someone mumbled.

Leonel and Aina had barely crossed ten kilometers when they came across the village. But those that were sharp realized that Leonel had run in a perfectly straight line without even the slightest deviation.

This realization was shocking. In order to take into consideration the larger number of participants and the relatively small arena, Internal Sight and abilities of the like were extremely suppressed. A normal Seventh Dimensional existence would barely be able to sense around 20 meters around themselves. Someone who specialized in sensory perception could probably hit around 100 meters, and only an absolute genius in the field would be able to approach half a kilometer to a kilometer.

This was only proven by the state the others were in. They were entirely focused on slowly scouting out their territory and feeling out their surroundings. The only one who had acted as Leonel had was... well, Leonel.

"He can't be..."

Many frowned.

All challenges were set to the level of the Seventh Dimension. Leonel and Aina rushing toward the village like this and not taking a detour...

It was clear and obvious. This was their goal from the very beginning.

Aina swung her battle ax with a naked abandon. From the skies above, Leonel had already released his arrow.

In perfect sync, her blade and his arrow descended at once.

The gate was shattered into a fluttering mass of raining wood chips.

By the time this happened, Leonel had already released his second arrow, and then the third.

Two troll-like beasts standing at two meters tall appeared to the left and right of Aina instantly, each one exuding the aura of a Tier 1 Seventh Dimensional existence.

Aina's feet pivoted, her hips torquing as he battle ax descended from the skies and toward the head of the first. Leonel's arrow appeared in that instant. Their Forces resonated and the attack strength suddenly exploded forth. The troll couldn't even react before it was split in two, the two halves of its body seemingly imploded as they were crushed to pieces by the residual strength.

The blood seemed to avoid Aina entirely almost as though it was too scared to blemish her.

Her second swing flowed from the first one and Leonel's third arrow appeared just as quickly. The two, blade and arrow, seemed to become attached to one another by a mysterious force, amplifying and strengthening one another.

PCHU!

The second troll beast was shredded to pieces.

Aina and Leonel were entirely in sync. From start to finish, not even five minutes passed, but the village had already been cleared.

The Human Domain fell into silence.