Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel descended from the skies, landing by Aina. The two walked into the central building of the village and found a floating cube.

Leonel grabbed forward and claimed the cube. A ripple spread out.

In order to summon people, you needed to kill. Aina and he had cleared about exactly 37 people, not having allowed even a single one of them to escape. However, these 37 people, or rather trolls, were also worth points.

This was to say that kills could always summon people or be used as points, but points could not.

Leonel gained an additional point total for claiming the village, an additional multiplier for being the first, and yet another multiplier for difficulty and speed. For this lowest level primitive village, he went from 10 points to 100

points instantly.

<Set as headquarters?>

Leonel confirmed without hesitation. This region actually wasn't all the great. It lacked resources, the trees were quite sparse, the land was dry, but he didn't seem to give a damn.

He gained another 100 points for being the first to establish his headquarters. Then, without even taking a pause, he converted all of their kills to points.

Calling the trolls Tier 1 existences was incorrect. Rather, it was more accurate to call them Sub-Grade Threats. The ranking system for the Heir Wars went Sub-Grade, Bronze-Grade, Silver-Grade, Gold-Grade, Heir-Threat. The rewards were 10, 100, 1000, 10 000, and 100 000 respectively, not including any multipliers.

Simply put, this allowed Leonel to gain an extra 370 points instantly. Like this, he now had 570 points, and he needed exactly 500 to upgrade this village from Sub-Grade to Bronze-Grade. No one even had time to react to his absolutely insane choice before the village flashed with a blinding light and expanded.

"Ready?" Leonel turned to Aina.

"Mm," Aina nodded. She didn't seem to have shed even a single bead of sweat.

The two moved at once and then appeared on the growing walls of the now Bronze-Grade village. Rather than being formed of the bundles of wood, they instead became strong mud walls dug into deep trenches. But at that moment, enemies began to appear over the horizon, charging over. Every one of them was a Bronze-Grade threat.

However, to even more surprise, rather than working together like they had before, Leonel and Aina separated, Leonel taking the North and Aina taking the south.

Aina appeared by the pile of 37 troll bits and pieces. With a raise of her hand, the blood rose into the skies and began to burn with a blinding light. At that moment, all the energy and potential the trolls had ever had were forced out all at once, 37 phantoms appearing to her back.

At the same time, without even looking, Leonel raised his own hands, the souls of the trolls being plucked out of the air outside of their control. In that instant, the King and Queen duo had turned 37 Sub-Grade threats into 74. To make matters more shocking, in Aina's hands, although they would only last a short while, they could now output Bronze-Grade strength with explosive power.

Silence reigned. Watching two Sixth Dimensional existences treat Bronze-Grade threats as though meat to a grinder was something that was difficult to comment on. The thoughts had gone from believing that Leonel must be suicidal, to suddenly choking on air.

After seeing this, however, the tension in the hearts of the Morales Ancestor slowly vanished. If things were like this, then there truly was no need to worry any longer. All they had to do was lean back and watch the show.

It was a bit amusing watching a Morales Heir use the bow so efficiently. Just glancing at the sternness on the faces of the Constellation Bow Alliance, Ancestor Alvaro couldn't help but burst out into laughter, breaking the silence.

"Look at your face, Mito! Did you eat a pile of shit on the way here?!"

Ancestor Mito's expression darkened, but he didn't say a single thing. Thinking about the fact the White Lion Bow was in Leonel's hands, how could his expression not be like this? A Morales who didn't even care to use the spear, how unlucky.

"You're laughing too early," Mito sneered.

The Bronze-Grade trial was wiped clean. The death total this time was 121, instantly giving Leonel and Aina 12 100 points instantly. If it was up to Leonel, he would upgrade to Silver-Grade instantly, but unfortunately the price for an upgrade was 50 000 points this time, a huge leap. It was clear that the Bronze-Grade was a gimme, the rest would be far more difficult.

Even so, Leonel had clearly already expected this.

The rate for exchange was simple. People were exchanged with kills, and as for items you had placed within the exchange ahead of time, they were graded on the same scale. Luckily, because they were your items, they were on a discount.

Sub-Grade items only cost 1 point, Bronze-Grade only cost 10 points, so on and so forth. Heir-Grade items were an umbrella grade for all top tier treasures that fell off of the scale. This would include the Segmented Cube and other things.

The issue with this system was that when you summoned your people in exchange for points, you would also have to trade for their items. If you had trade for your treasures, and that of your thousands of subordinates, just how many points would you have to waste just outfitting your people with the capability for combat?

The answer was too much.

However, there was a very obvious loophole: all raw materials were counted as Sub-Grade regardless of their true in-real-life grade up to 100 kilograms.

Leonel spent 10 000 points and summoned the Segmented Cube. With a flash of light, it descended from the skies.

Then, using every bit of his remaining 2170 points he traded for just as many materials.

All materials used in the trials had to be registered ahead of time, whether that was people or raw materials. As such, hiding items wasn't allowed.

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

However, using the Lab Setting of the Segmented Cube to use these raw materials to church out treasures was very much allowed. And, setting the blueprint for these treasures before the Heir Wars so that he didn't have to waste time crafting for himself right now was also very much allowed.

Leonel tossed the raw materials into the Segmented Cube and left the rest to Anastasia.

Taking Aina's hand, they walked into the center of the Bronze-Grade village again. It looked much different this time. Rather than a dilapidated hut, it was a somewhat simple hall.

Leonel made it to the center and looked at the rotating cube again.

There was another reason he forced the upgrade ahead of time, and that was because of the unique property of territory at the Bronze-Grade and above: a territory map.

Even Leonel's Internal Sight was greatly suppressed here, 10 kilometers was about his limit. But this moon had thousands of miles of circumference, it was far too inconvenient.

However, a territory map gave you a perfect bird's eye view. At the Bronze Grade, this range was 50 kilometers in radius, five times that of Leonel's current range. In that instant, all of the challenges and opportunities appeared before Leonel's eyes.

It wasn't just the challenges that appeared... but also the people.

Leonel's gaze was frighteningly cold. The Heir Wars truly began now.