Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Given that the range was just 50 kilometers, there was only two other individuals within range. And when Leonel saw who it was, the coldness in his eyes only increased.

"They're mine," Leonel said lightly.

"Indeed, it is too soon to speak," a sneer came from the side.

This individual didn't speak directly to the Ancestors of the Morales family, instead he only spoke to his own people within an organization known as the Golddark Organization.

The Golddark Organization was an existence that could be considered on par with the Constellation families, or rather ranked amongst the weakest of those 12 families, but far beneath the likes of the Omann, Morales, and Suiard.

They weren't often spoken about because they hadn't produced any extremely powerful geniuses since Ossenna and they were generally regarded as a power on the decline. Though, this could be said to be mostly an illusion.

Rather than saying they hadn't produced a powerful genius in a while, it was rather that they didn't have a participating member of the so-called Cataclysm Generation. And the story behind this tied back to that oh so familiar name: Ossenna.

Ossenna was none other than the overseer of Leonel's True Selection and yet another woman with a grudge against his father, and likewise, his mother.

The one who had spoken, though, was Ossenna's husband, a man several times older than she was. It could be said that Ossenna was tragic in her own way. The only way she could have escaped such a marriage was if she had managed to entice Leonel's father, but in the end her failure to do so sealed her fate.

All things considered, her husband was an exceptionally powerful man and among the very few candidates slated to become among the next batch of Eighth Dimensional existences, a man who went by Bamun. However, he was a jealous man. As such, after Ossenna's elders cosigned their marriage, Ossenna was forced to give up pretty much everything.

Ossenna, as a result, was thrust into the role of swollen foot pregnant wife much earlier than the others of her generation. She was pulled out of the Void Palace under the pretext of a mission and didn't return until after she had given birth twice.

Of course, these were against the rules of the Void Palace, but these were sorts of matters that were easily swept under the rug if done cleverly enough. Rearing a child was one matter, but giving birth to them only took a handful of years. The trouble was that Velasco had no care for these rules and couldn't be bothered to circumvent them properly, leading to head butting with the Void Palace top brass.

Due to the fact Ossenna was forced into such a thing so early on, not only was she resentful as her potential was cut short, but her children didn't quite match the ages of the Cataclysm Generation. They were too old to be part of the Cataclysm Generation, but too young to be part of her generation. This led to them being relatively obscure, something that left the Golddark Organization, Bamun and her quite dissatisfied.

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

These Heir Wars were a perfect opportunity, and even better than that, their two sons had landed right within Leonel's range.

"Those two brats are decent," Ancestor Mito said with a sneer. "If that brat was smart, he would avoid them for as long as possible. But I doubt he'll have a choice like that, the commotion he caused in clearing the Bronze-Grade challenge was far too much."

Bamun's gaze blazed. His hatred for Velasco was great. And he knew well that while it seemed like his wife hated him as well, it was a resentment that stemmed from a completely different feeling. Seeing Velasco's son lose to his own would be the ultimate retribution, a sign to Ossenna that their union had always been the right one.

Ossenna's own gaze blazed with a similar ill intent, almost leaning over the side of their flagship just to get a closer look.

It was then that, to everyone's surprise, the moment Leonel glanced at the two on the territory map, he flickered and vanished.

Leonel's speed was unconscious. He moved even faster than he had before, his speed making the elders on the outside fall into complete silence.

His figure flashed, then flashed again. He crossed the 50 kilometer distance in not even half a minute, booming shrieks of shattering sound barriers echoing out from behind him.

At the same time, Aina had made her own move, but rather than moving with Leonel, she had targeted the first challenge within their territory, mapping out the path between three of them before setting off.

The pair of Golddark brothers had been making their way toward the commotion, cautiously paying attention to their surroundings so that they wouldn't miss any hidden dangers or challenges. However, what neither of them had expected was to run into their first contestant.

The two hadn't done much. Since entering, they had only cleared a single challenge and had been biding their time until they sensed Leonel and Aina's upgrade challenge and began to move in this direction. However, the two didn't know what an upgrade challenge would be like just yet, so they had yet to confirm. Plus, it was so early on that they didn't believe that anyone would be undergoing such a challenge already.

Before they could tell what was happening, though, someone had already appeared over the horizon.

The two instantly recognized Leonel and looked toward one another. The faint excitement and eagerness in their eyes was clear.

"He's mine."

"Fuck off, he's mine."

The two didn't get to finish their little song and dance, nor did they have the time to think of why Leonel was alone rather than with his partner.

Leonel unleashed a roar, three sapphire blue Vital Star Force Stars appearing to his back as his body erupted with a Bronze Aura. His halo expanded and descended down the length of his body, revealing a Divine Armor of jade green and pearly white that exuded a vitality that caused even the cracked and dried grounds in the surroundings to grow rapidly.

The final piece of his armor had just clinked into place when he appeared before the two, dense blue nebulae-like fog coming from the vents of his Divine Armor.

All at once, the Morales family Ancestors and elders stood to their feet.

[Sorry for the uber late chapters everyone, hectic two months ahead like I've said previously. Chapter two coming asap]