Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel punched out with the momentum of the world to his back.

The Golddark brothers reacted instantly, setting aside their disagreement and punching out in unison to meet Leonel's.

Their fists never even connected. The sheer pressure of Leonel's punch snapped their wrists and broke their forearms in three.

Pain twisted their features as they were blown backward.

Leonel reached out a palm to his side, forming a spear of Emulation Star Force, Bronze Aura and Ethereal Star Force.

The two brothers spiraled through the air, their hearts leaping into their throats. As geniuses of the Void Palace, they made their decision instantly. They had to bring out everything.

They roared in unison, their skin beginning to glow with a dark gold glow as a twin pair of dark golden rivers took shape. The manifestation of the Golddark Lineage Factor roared like snaking dragons, the crashing waves causing the ground to rumble.

The two coated their broken arms in a layer of this molten dark gold and landed heavily on the ground at once. They hadn't been able to trade for their weapons after completing just a single challenge. Even so, they quickly formed a saber for each one of them, manipulating their dark gold rivers. Almost the instant they finished, their eyes widened. Despite their fast reactions, Leonel's spear was already before them.

They both crossed their sabers across their bodies.

CLANG! CLANG!

Their sabers exploded on contact, the integrity of their odd molten Force completely unable to hold up.

Their arms were flung to the side of their bodies, parried away and completely exposing their chests.

With a step, Leonel appeared above them. The two could barely see his eyes through the visor of his armor, but they felt a strong tide of helplessness take hold of their hearts.

The tip of Leonel's spear trembled just once and he pierced downward.

PCHU! PCHU!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Two throats were skewered through.

Leonel didn't show the slightest hesitation, not the slightest hint of mercy, not the slightest pause. He had already given his warning. From this moment onward, every contestant that crossed his path would taste his blade. Since they dared to ignore his threat, he would show them the consequences for doing so.

He landed on the aura, billowing Vital Star Force jetting out in all directions.

A towering pressure exuded from him, one that the Human Domain would maybe never forget. The first geniuses had fallen so soon. It suddenly dawned on them that this would truly be a bloodbath.

"NO!"

Ossenna shrieked. She nearly flew down from the railing toward the glass cube as though she would be able to enter the Heir War ground like this. If it wasn't because Bamun caught her and held her back, she may very well have succeeded. However, in return for such a thing, Ossenna seemed to have completely lost her mind, lashing out at Bamun with what could only be said to be an intent to kill.

She lashed out with everything she had and Bamun's clothing was matted in blood instantly. Although he wasn't anywhere near dead, or even threatened, as an expert deep within the Seventh Dimension herself, if Ossenna wanted to she could definitely cause harm to him.

Bamun's expression was already dark, but seeing that Ossenna didn't seem to have any intention of stopping any time soon, he only became gloomier.

At that moment, an Ancestor of the Golddark Organization stepped forward, tapping the back of Ossenna's neck.

Her vision went white and she collapsed, but her shrieks still echoed in the silence.

"... The Divine Armor..."

"Life Grade..."

The Morales Ancestors couldn't take their lives off of it.

To put this ridiculous matter into context, the only people in their family that had Life Grade Divine Armors were them... Only Ancestors who had stepped into the Eighth Dimension could possibly have such a thing.

The only person who had formed a Life Grade Divine Armor at the Seventh Dimension was Velasco, he was the one and only anomaly, there had never been another. He was the first and the last.

However... Leonel was in the Sixth Dimension!

If others could just forge your Divine Armor for you, this wouldn't' be so surprising, they would all just assume that Velasco had been a madman and forged Leonel's Divine Armors for him. In that case, what would be impressive wasn't Leonel's skill, but rather the fact that his body could withstand a Life Grade Divine Armor in the first place.

However, in order to fuse with a Divine Armor, one had to have intimate familiarity with it. This was why you had to forge your own Divine Armor.

Even if you could fuse with a supremely powerful Divine Armor, whether or not you could control it and have the stamina to summon it in the first place was a completely different matter.

In truth, Leonel wasn't even aware of this. If he was, he would have known that his father's suggestion to fuse Evolution Ores into his Divine Armor was completely insane, that was because all this time, Leonel had to sustain a Divine Armor a Dimensional level above his own!

What these Ancestors didn't know was that this was only the tip of the iceberg. This was just one of Leonel's three Divine Armors, and it also happened to be the weakest one by no small measure.

Even so, they were so shocked by the Divine Armor that they didn't even take notice of the three blue Stars until several moments later.

"Those Stars, why do I sense the aura of the Heavenly Body Realm?"

"... This brat... Sure has a lot of secrets..."

Before they could discuss any more, the agitation of the crowd couldn't seem to be held back any longer.

"The Morales family is too vicious!" Ancestor Golddark said slowly, but with power.

Alvaro and the others turned over with a sneer, but before they could say anything, Leonel's voice echoed.

The atmosphere froze. How didn't Leonel's voice reach them so clearly through so many layers of Dream Force?

Ancestor Hito, who was resting his eyes by the side, suddenly sat up, his wrinkles smoothing out as his eyes brightened.

"However many come is as many as you will lose."