Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel dropped down from the Segmented Cube, a hint of caution in his pale green eyes. But, after a moment, he realized that he was indeed correct.

Even without activating his Runes, the Force Eruption only put a minor amount of pressure on him. It was enough for him to feel uncomfortable, as though he was suffering from a stomach ache. However, it was no longer enough to threaten his life. And this was without his using a Force Skin!

Leonel knew that if he activated his Force Runes now, even if it was only the crown of the fourth door, this discomfort would vanish completely. However, there was no need to do this, at least not for now. He still wanted to observe the situation.

"How long will it take to mature the Crystal Core if the Segmented Cube used its Evolution Nurturing ability?"

[ *Ping*]

[ 12:23:04 ]

Leonel was pleasantly surprised. Just half a day?

But after some thought, he felt that this made sense. The Segmented Cube was a treasure from a higher Dimensional world. In addition, its goal was to evolve the Crystal Mine into the Fourth Dimension, not the Fifth. As such, how could it not do so with ease?

Despite learning this, Leonel didn't have the Segmented Cube begin so quickly. In fact, it might very well be the Force Eruption that helped Leonel make it through this.

Leonel's spine tingled, causing him to subconsciously turn in a certain direction.

'This damned little mink…'

Leonel realized then that his thinking might have been a bit naive. He had almost forgotten that there was another being who could ignore the Force Eruption as well.

At that moment, the little mink was still gliding around the walls of the Force geyser. After Leonel's spirit had crossed into the Fifth Dimension, not only had the range of his Internal Sight increased explosively, even to the point of being capable of crossing tens of kilometers, but Force of the Fourth Dimension was no longer able to hinder his senses.

So, whereas in the past he could hardly see the situation around him in this place. Now, everything was as clear as day.

In fact, it should be said that Fifth Dimensional Internal Sight should be capable of far more than just this. After all, a Fifth Dimensional entity acting upon even the Fourth Dimension was akin to stomping ants, let alone a Pseudo Fourth Dimensional world like this one. But unfortunately, Leonel was still limited by the weakness of the rest of his body.

Still, in this sort of situation, it was more than enough.

'I don't think it knows I'm here… But should I battle it now, or…?'

The little mink might have only been 10 meters from him, but it had no ability to see or sense Leonel. After all, not everyone had spirit as monstrous as him.

At that moment, Leonel's senses latched on to a hearty laughter. If he was only relying on his ears, this laughter would have never reached him. After all, there was too much Force in the air, making this large space — that should have been a great echo chamber — become insulated from noise.

Leonel's lip curled. It seemed that they had finally found this place.

'Why not make my two enemies fight one another?'

…

Outside the Force Mine, Simeon couldn't hold back his laughter. He was usually a reserved individual who thought of nothing else but his own struggle for power. But at this moment, he was genuinely too happy.

Leonel and the other youths had only made it to this place barely a month ago, but he had already been here for much longer, looking for a path to the Force Crystal Mine.

He had always known it was here, but it wasn't as though he could ask the Slayer Legion for their map. Unfortunately, he had really met too many struggles. What should have been a quick and easy mission to infuriate the Slayer Legion had become a test of his own mental fortitude.

But now, it was perfect. Everything was worth it now. In fact, the Force Eruption was also a great help to him. With it, it would be unlikely that the Slayer Legion would send their promising youths here. It was too much of a risk. In addition, they couldn't send anyone of the elder generation, or else his own backers wouldn't sit idly by.

'I can steal all your wealth and you can't say anything about it… How satisfying!'

After regaining his calm, Simeon's expression once more settled back to his usual haughty air.

"Seven, take the vanguard. You must last 10 minutes, or of what use are you to me?"

"Yes, Young Lord!"

Simeon named all his subordinates by numbers even though they had their own names. Even the wererat Leonel had killed before was known as rat 006, one of his more precious test subjects.

However, those who could be called by numbers without prefixes were most definitely the most powerful of his men.

After taking the vanguard, Seven's Force surged. But, he wasn't the only one.

Eight men and women stood around Simeon in a protective circle. However, around them, in an even larger encirclement, there were at least 30 other warriors. It was these 30 that also surged with Force along with Seven.

The Force coalesced, winding together almost like a living breathing beast.

To the naked eye, it seemed as though nothing at all was happening. However, if one had awakened Internal Sight, it would truly be something worth witnessing.

The Force rose up. At first, there was only a vague cube-like manifestation. But soon, this cube began to break into peaks and valleys.

The start of the process was slow. But akin to a ball rolling down a hill, it became faster and faster. Then, it seemed like in the blink of an eye, it all solidified, forming a grandiose palace. No, it was more accurate to say that this was a small replica of a palace, only capable of housing 100 or so people if they all stood as close as possible to one another.

At this point, the Palace had become corporeal. Like this, even those without Internal Sight could make out its vague outline. And, to those with Internal Sight, it felt like an air of majesty was crashing down upon them, wanting them to kneel in submission.

Simeon and his men huddled together. After their Young Lord was satisfied, they walked through the path they had found, stepping into the boundless underground world of the Force Crystal Mine. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Simeon felt like he was walking on a cloud. If he knew that Leonel hardly reacted to this world of crystals, he would have shamed him as a country bumpkin. This place was filled with billions of Force Crystals! Just how many elites could be raised by this kind of mine?

However, Simeon knew that it would be foolish to try and take it all away. This was still the Slayer Legion's territory. His plan wasn't to seek out these little benefits. What he wanted was the Force Crystal Core. Even though the Force Eruption was outside his expectations, he? still had methods to deal with it.

In addition, he was also excited about the natural treasures that could be birthed in this environment. Force Crystal Mines were always accompanied by such treasures.

'I'll retrieve the Core first. Then, I can seek out other benefits after it's secured.'

The group continued to walk forward. Their destination was very easy to spot. After all, a geyser of white that could even be seen with the naked eye was right before them.

Leonel watched all of this happen from within the Force geyser, feeling quite helpless. There were such techniques to protect against Force Eruptions as well? It truly made his own methods seem poor by comparison.

In the future, when he gained enough skill to upgrade the dictionary, he would most definitely change this straight forward habit of its…

'Go on little mink, help me vent some of my frustration…'

The moment Leonel had this thought, the little mink had already pounced, causing him no small bit of pleasure.

However, his smile slowly faded, giving way to a cold intent. The monocle wearing bastard definitely needed to die today.

…

The little mink was feeling quite pleased with itself.

It had been the first to find this place thanks to its small size and unique abilities. Walls? How could they possibly stop it. It could pass through them with ease.

Unexpectedly, its ability was actually triggered to another level upon reaching this place. Now it was even more formidable than it had been in the past. The only detestable thing was that someone had actually attacked it in its sleep. How despicable.

Didn't that person see how adorable it was? How could it stand to attack it?

Luckily, it had great abilities and that despicable person hadn't been able to touch a hair on its noble head, or else how would the world live on without it?

The little mink didn't think much about these things. It only knew that if it had gained so many benefits just from being so far away from the Force Eruption, how many more benefits would it gain by approaching the center? Something was telling it that there was something very good over there, but there was also something else telling it that it was very dangerous as well.

So, it ran around the outside, sometimes on the ground, sometimes gliding through the air, trying to see if it could get a greater sense of what was hidden inside.

It could only sigh to itself as it continued to circle the Force geyser. It had found such a good playmate, it was a shame that its playmate had disappeared. It couldn't sense its playmate as easily as it had before.

Hm?

The little mink looked up and beared its adorable little teeth.

"Yip! Yip!"

Someone actually dared come here to snatch its things? Were these the despicable people that attacked it?

It was definitely going to teach them a lesson.