Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel and Aina's appearance caught the attention of the three archers almost instantly. As bowmen, it wasn't a surprise that they had sharp vision. However, what they didn't know was that compared to Leonel, their sight wasn't worth much at all.

Although Leonel hadn't magically gained the Bow Domain Lineage Factor after becoming a Bow Sovereign as the two existences seemed to be separate, the bits and pieces of it that he did have were perfectly intact, and his deeper comprehension of Bow Force seemed to have a positive impact on them.

Since he knew their location, he had maintained an eye on them from the moment he and Aina left their village for the final time.

The eyes of the three narrowed. They were only scouts of the Constellation Bow Alliance, their only job was to scout the region and find challenges. If they could be cleared, they would do so and return with the rewards. If they couldn't be cleared, they would return with a report.

Given that this was a dungeon, it had to be reported no matter what. It was of the Silver-Grade and had a four person entry specification, but they only had three. They were supposed to mimic the Zones a real territory would have to deal with in real life, albeit more streamlined and less involved.

The three looked toward one another and seemed to make the decision at the same time. There was no other choice, the moment they saw the White Lion Bow in Leonel's hands, there was always only a single choice.

However, they didn't seem to have realized that the choice was never theirs to begin with.

Aina seemed to flicker and vanished.

All three reacted extremely quickly pulling out their bows. However, maybe the greatest weakness for the archers in the Heir Wars was that they couldn't bring their normal set of arrows with them. They had no choice but to use Force in place of them.

What they hadn't expected, though, was for their Bow Force to suddenly stop responding to them at all.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

They pulled their bowstrings back, ready to attack, only to realize that absolutely nothing appeared. Their Bow Force fizzled out like the last fumes of a dying flame.

They were so shocked that they almost couldn't react in time to Aina appearing in their midst, swinging her battle ax with the moment of a dying sun.

Crimson Force blazed, their blood boiled out of their control, and fear took hold of their throats.

All three of them placed their bows out in an attempt to block, but Aina with her battle ax seemed to be on an entirely different level. Whether it was their bows or their bodies, they didn't last even a single strike. All three of them found their bodies severed at the waist, their eyes still widened in shock even as they dimmed.

Leonel appeared to Aina's side, looking down coldly. Trying to use Bow Force in his presence? Wasn't that too foolish?

With a thought, Leonel planted the third outpost ten kilometers out from the dungeon and return swiftly. After this, he placed a hand over the three and extracted their souls just like he had for every other. But rather than using them, he simply stored them without the intent to use them.

After a moment, three kill exchanges appeared in the form of three red orbs.

This time, Leonel didn't ignore them and immediately used all three.

James, Emna and Allan appeared. Even after landing, the three didn't say anything, waiting for Leonel's orders.

"Allan, this is yours."

Leonel brought forward a rail gun, an enormous one with a barrel that must have been at least three meters long. However, any engineer who had ever seen such a thing would notice the decided lack of... engineering. In fact, it was overly simple, but that was because it could be. The Magnetic Ability Index that would make it run would all come from Allan.

"There's an output ten kilometers from here in that direction. It has the ability to sense anything within ten kilometers of it. Any enemy that appears is yours to handle."

Allan looked down at the rail gun. It looked under-engineered, but the number of Force Arts backed into it that could help his accuracy and sight were mind numbing. He was the only one of Leonel's brothers who had followed the Force Crafter's path, so he knew well what he was seeing.

"Leave it to me," Allan said lightly, accepting another small device from Leonel.

He raised one hand and the rail gun raised into the air under a mysterious magnetic force. With a jump, he landed on the enormous mechanism's back and shot into the distance with wind-tearing speed.

Leonel nodded and turned toward James and Emna. "The two of you head out."

Leonel tossed a pair of devices toward the two. The Segmented Cube hadn't been working all this time for nothing.

"Clear as many challenges as you can, kill as many as you can, if you find any other territories in the surroundings aside from in that direction, report it back to me."

The direction Leonel pointed to was the direction Allan had gone in. That was the direction he speculated the three Constellation Bow Alliance members had come from and that should be where the rest of the number lied. It wasn't that Leonel was scared Emna and James couldn't deal with them, it was instead a waste of resources because...

He alone was enough.

Emna nodded, working alone was what she did best. As for James, he too had gotten used to lone missions. At the same time, these two were among the two strongest under Leonel's charge, he could trust them to protect themselves and work alone.

In addition, Emna and James were two who didn't need weapons to be exchanged for them. Emna's weapon was her body, and James had always relied on his Energy Shield Ability Index. They were the perfect two to bring out first.

After a short exchange, Emna and James picked two different directions and rushed off.

Leonel looked toward Aina and nodded.

The two rushed into the dungeon together.

From start to finish, the exchange had taken not even a single minute. Even now, as he pulled the distance between himself and others further and further, Leonel didn't have the time to waste.

Well, there was one small moment of time wasted, and that was when he looked up into the skies with a cold glint in his eyes.

He didn't need to say it again as his previous words were only continuously echoing in their ears by now.

The Constellation Bow Alliance Ancestors had all stood to their feet, their fists clenched and their hearts stuck in their throats.

If they had denied it before, there was no denying it now. They had hoped it to be a trick of the eye, a combination of Bow Force and Light Force, maybe the influence of the Spear Domain Ring, but now there was nothing before them and the truth...

How... How did Leonel have access to that level of Bow Force? That long lost Bow Force?! That Bow Force no human had had access to since the loss of the Bow Domain Ring?!