Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

PCHU!

Leonel roared, grabbing two sides of a large wound Aina had caused in the BOSS Earth Dragon's head with all six hands. Vital Star Force rushed out from his Divine Armor as he flexed, pulling with all the Force he could muster.

Blood and bone flew as the Earth Dragon was torn in two from head to tail.

BANG!

Leonel landed heavily on the almost molten ground, exhaling a breath with a sharp and cold gaze. He dispersed his panda construct and his Divine Armor, his breath turbid and steaming.

Aina appeared by his side and he placed a hand on her shoulder, causing a bubble of cool air to descend and envelop her. The steam increased, but Leonel had already moved forward, reaching the final altar of the dungeon and waving a hand.

<Clear Time: 01:38:58>

<Clear Condition: Perfect>

<Clear Reward: Heir-Grade>

Leonel waved another hand, accepting the rewards. For a dungeon like this one, a perfect clear condition would probably relate to clearing all of the Earth Dragons in addition to finishing within a certain time. This was a Silver-Grade dungeon, so although the clear reward was Heir-Grade, it probably wouldn't be too exaggerated.

The reward was twofold.

The first was the point reward which was 270 000 points. The second reward was a one time use item that came in the form of a glass orb with the phantom of an Earth Dragon within it.

From Leonel's understanding, it was a terrain shift reward. He could change one thing about the landscape of his territory within certain limits.

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He did a few calculations in his head when he saw this, comparing and contrasting his ideas with the limitations stipulated in the fine print. After a moment, he nodded to himself. It was feasible, though only in part.

What was more important, though, was the added effect that came with implementing this change in the first place. The shaking of the earth that supplemented the change could be both a negative and a positive depending on how it was used.

Leonel thought of some possibilities before storing it away. With a nod toward Aina, the two left the dungeon together.

"Where is it, Alvaro?! Explain yourself!"

The fury of the Constellation Bow Alliance Ancestors seemed to have reached a fever pitch. The only conclusion they could come to after all this time was that the Morales family had somehow gotten their hands on the Bow Domain Ring, nothing else seemed to make sense to them. They had never heard of the so-called "Sovereign" moniker, at least not in regards to weapons. This was a relatively new concept that had only been introduced by some who had heard of it in the Cataclysm Zone.

This conclusion seemed to make sense to them as well. Velasco spent a lot of time venturing outside of the Human Domain. If there was anyone who could reclaim that treasure under their noses, it was him. And if he had done so, who else would he give it to if not Leonel? Wouldn't that also explain why the White Lion Bow had never followed any one of them but so obediently followed Leonel?

The truth was that the bow didn't listen even to Leonel's mother. She had given Leonel the bow hoping that it would acknowledge him in the future, and it was a surprise to her that it did so immediately.

If even Alienor, who probably believed in Leonel the most of anyone in existence, was so surprised, how could the Constellation Bow Alliance possibly accept it with open hearts? In the moment, it felt like they had finally gained an explanation for something that had been tearing into their souls for the longest time.

The Morales Ancestors frowned, not quite knowing what Ancestor Mito and the others were even referring to.

It seemed that every action Leonel took only increased the tensions in the surroundings further. First Ancestor Golddark accused them of being far too ruthless, and now Ancestor Mito and the others of the Constellation Bow Alliance were up in arms.

"Don't pretend to be ignorant! The Bow Domain Ring! Where is it?!"

The eyes of the Morales Ancestors flashed.Was this what they were talking about?

They put together the vanishing Bow Force and the golden Bow Force Leonel used and understood why they had reached such a conclusion.

But the result of them comprehending this was them bursting into a fit of laughter. It was uproarious, arrogant, and filled with complete disregard and unfeeling, uncaring, derision.

Ancestor Mito was so furious that steam truly began to come out of the top of his head. One would have thought that this was a ridiculous exaggeration of an old school cartoon, however the bodies of such experts could react with just as much exaggeration. When an Eighth Dimensional existence was enraged, the environment had no choice but to react.

"Let me ask you something, Mito," Alvaro's voice boomed. "Even if the Morales family had gotten its hands on the Bow Domain Ring... What would it have to do with your Alliance?!"

The booming shockwave of Alvaro's voice drowned out the voices of rage, his own malevolent expression seemingly not losing out in the slightest. It seemed that he wanted to slaughter the Constellation Bow Alliance members even more than they wanted to lay hands on him. There was nothing he abhorred more than hypocrites, and he hated weak hypocrites even more.

If you were going to be hypocritical, the least you could do was not be on your hands and knees asking for handouts while you did so.

"Your families lost the Bow Domain Ring to the Spirituals all those years ago, causing the Human Domain to drastically weaken. Your Tarius family went from a top dog, to a piece of trash with no other choice but to form an Alliance in hopes of maintaining your former prestige, now you want to come and bark in front of me?!"

"Tell you what, if you dare to take three spear strikes from me right this moment, I might dignify your question with an answer!"