Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Constellation Bow Alliance was quite spread out. Although they had sent many, they could only enter in pairs of two, and each family only sent a single representative. However, among the devices they prepared to exchange for once they entered, there were communication devices that would make their coming together much simpler and easier.

As such, by the time the first day of the Heir Wars began to wane, there were quite a number that had come together. When this number was combined with the number they had exchanged for through their kills, they were slowly approaching nearly a thousand members.

However, what was especially ridiculous was that they couldn't Cross into a certain territory.

In the beginning, they had only sent one or two at a time, trying to see if there was a path to sneak in. However, those that were luckier were quickly forced to retreat under a barrage. Those that were unlucky, however... directly lost their lives.

The only option seemed to be to move forward with a larger group, but it was difficult to organize such a thing without a sure leader, and there was only one person who would take up such a role.

As the day waned, Nazag finally appeared. A group of elites of the Tarius family followed close behind him. They seemed to have already been outfitted with all of their equipment, and among this equipment there was what they had lacked the most: quivers and arrows.

Nazag frowned when he saw the state of his people.

Leonel wasn't the only one who could plan ahead. The original intention of the people of the Constellation Bow Alliance was to gather together as quickly as possible. In the meantime, Nazag would form an elite team and clear as many challenges and gather as many points as he could.

In his absence, his people were meant to capture a village and then quickly clear out the territory, so that when he came with enough points, they could directly challenge the Bronze-Grade and take a step into it as swiftly as possible.

Nazag's strategy wasn't bad, not wasting his time finding and claiming a territory maximized his skill set, and after a day, he had already accumulated several ten thousand points and he was already close to having enough to trigger the Silver-Grade challenge.

In his estimation, by mid-day tomorrow, they should be firmly entrenched and they could begin using their Silver-Grade territory as a springboard to attack other territories, expand, and gather more wealth, resources and points.

Everything should have been perfect, but...

"... Nazag, we weren't able to clear out the entire territory. Every time we try to go in that direction, we're barraged by a long ranged weapon. Six of our brothers and sisters have already died trying. There's definitely another territory over there, but since the plan was to clear the region first, we couldn't make the decision alone."

Nazag frowned before making a prompt decision.

"Everyone gather! Organize yourself! We will attack now, there's no time to waste!"

Nazag had a bad feeling. An enemy that could set up such a thing so quickly wasn't a joke. The fact that six had already fallen on just the first day was also a hard pill to swallow. There were just shy of a thousand of them, a casualty count of six, not even mentioning the number injured, was already too high.

The Constellation Bow Alliance quickly formed up, but before they could even set out, there was a sudden shout.

"Leader! Leader! A large army has entered the range of our territory!"

Nazag's frown deepened. "I didn't tell you to start the Bronze-Grade upgrade yet, what are you doing?"

"No! There's-!"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Before the voice could finish, the darkening skies were suddenly enveloped by a violet brilliance.

ROAR!

A streaking arrow of fire descended from the skies. It was just a single line of red, splintering the black skies in two. Even so, it felt tiny and insignificant... Until it hit the ground.

BOOM!

The fires raged, shooting up into the skies and forming a pillar of devastation before a rain of flames fell from above, immediately turning the surroundings into a hellscape of heat and agony.

Nazag's pupils constricted, and his vision sharpened, streaking across the skies until it landed on Leonel's face. His heart skipped a beat, his gaze shifting down to land on the army of ten thousand.

No matter how hard he thought, he couldn't fathom out Leonel had already gathered so many subordinates. But even more importantly than that, how were they all wearing such armors already?

All of those armors were Silver-Grade at worst. To trade for that, it would take 100 points each, one for the armor, and another for the weapon. That was 200 points per person, for 10 000 people that was two million points! That was simply impossible!

When Nazag saw that many of the weapons and armors were actually in the Gold-Grade, his face went completely dark. Could it be that the Morales were cheating so boldly under the eyes of everyone?

There was already no more time to think.

"Ready your bows! We must use our advantage while we can! Ready and aim! FIRE!"

Nazag had already organized his people for battle. In this relatively flat and dry terrain, there weren't any obstructions to worry about. Even if their village was burning to the ground, so what? So long as they could get off three or four volleys, this battle would quickly become manageable.

The Oryx were on foot, so their charging speed was relatively slow. In addition, there didn't seem to be any shield warriors, or more importantly, platoons among them. Without a collective effort to shield against their arrows, they would have to fend for themselves. That would cause their formation to collapse and make them easy pickings.

Nazag thought through things swiftly and then lifted his bow, ready to fire.

The first volley launched into the skies like fireflies sweeping through the night sky.

But to their shock, their lights suddenly flickered and vanished as though swallowed into the belly of a black dragon.