Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The violet dragon snaking through the skies suddenly whipped its tail, causing the few arrows that had been launched into the skies to snap beneath the wind pressure alone.

Nazag's eyes widened in shock. His first thought, once again, was some sort of cheating. This was a world created by a Morales Ancestor, after all, and it was designed to distort their senses from the very beginning. Maybe it could mess with their attacks as well.

However, somewhere deep inside, Nazag knew that this wasn't the case.

He raised his bow into the skies, his heartbeat slowing. After the first volley failed, leaving him and his people stunned, the Oryx were still quickly closing the gap, in just a few more moments, they would be upon them.

Nazag realized that maybe the only way to salvage this situation was to kill Leonel.

"He's about a hundred meters up and three kilometers away. This is a routine shot..."

Nazag took a breath. Reaching into his quiver, he pulled out a radiant white arrow and pulled. His bow trembled once and ancient runes began to light up across its body. A white Bow Force erupted from him, spiraling around his arrow and shifting his hair like the wind.

"Die..."

Nazag released with an exhale.

It whistled through the sky with a harsh sound, gathering momentum as it moved until it seemed to become two arrows spiraling around one another. This was Nazag's most powerful single shot technique, at least the most powerful one he frequently used. It could be considered an excellent probing shot.

His eyes narrowed as his arrow seemed to appear before Leonel in the blink of an eye. The entire world seemed to be focused on this exchange, however Leonel's expression was indifferent and unmoved. As he stood on the back of his dragon construct, his pale violet hair shifted in the wind.

The arrow appeared before his eyebrows, but just when it seemed like his head would be penetrated, exploding for all to see, the arrow suddenly crumbled. The Bow Force vanished and the arrow that was left fluttered away in a rain of ash.

Nazag froze, his hand trembling.

Leonel looked down toward him without a word. The deep abyss of those pale violet eyes were suffocating. Despite the distance that separated them, it felt like they were face to face. As Nazag craned his neck and Leonel calmly met his gaze, the difference between them seemed all too obvious.

ROAR!

The Oryx army crashed into the Constellation Bow Alliance's formation. Realizing that their Bow Force had suddenly become useless, they could only use their bows as sticks, relying on their fists and legs to counter.

But what good was it?

Outside of Nazag and his small group that held up well, countering and killing a few Oryx, against the mighty and strong bodies of the Oryx who had recently undergone Hyper Evolution, they stood little chance at all.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Nazag's gaze turned red as his people were slaughtered. Leonel didn't seem to care to raise even a single finger. He simply looked down with the loftiness of a King.

For those on the outside who had watched Leonel meticulously measure every second, ensuring that not a moment was wasted, this was a sharp contrast to his usual tactics. However, it was exactly this sharp contrast that made it all the more glaring.

He was doing it on purpose, he wanted this moment to be burned into their memories. It was a message, a message that when he spoke arrogantly, it wasn't because he did as he willed and didn't comprehend the vastness of the world. It was because he had already prepared, it was because he was already ten steps ahead, it was because he was already confident that others could never catch up to his steps.

"LEONEL!" Nazag roared. "I'll never forgive your Morales family for doing this!"

Leonel looked down indifferently. As smart as he was, he could tell why Nazag was saying this. He could not wrap his head around how any of this could be happening if Leonel wasn't cheating, cheating was the only viable answer he had.

Leonel did not have to acknowledge his words at all, however at that moment, he suddenly raised a hand.

The Oryx, who had flooded forward like an endless tide, came to a halt, retreating just as smoothly. They were a well oiled machine, responding to Leonel's commands without the slightest hitch.

Leonel took a step forward, fluttering down from the back of his dragon construct as his bow appeared in his hand. When he landed, the two armies had already separated, leaving a no man's land. His location was as dangerous as it could be, and yet he was unmoved by it all.

He took the White Lion Bow off of his back, piercing it into the ground. With a wave of his hand, the bow of a fallen Constellation Bow Alliance member shot up from the ground and snapped into his palm with a satisfying clap.

Without a word, he pulled back on the bow string, a radiant golden Bow Force forming.

The instant Nazag saw this, his expression went from one of derision to shock and then helplessness, before it suddenly became fierce. He gripped his bow and lifted it up, roaring as he pulled back the string and released.

TWANG!

Leonel shot an arrow at the same time, meeting Nazag's and dispelling it.

Nazag shot again, but Leonel's arrow crossed the halfway mark even faster this time, colliding with its tip perfectly and shattering it.

Nazag shot again and again, but every time, Leonel's arrow would meet it. It didn't seem to matter how it twisted, how it curved, or which direction it came from.

The aerial assault between the two formed a net of white and gold in the skies, illuminating the dark skies. But as time passed, the golden arc quickly suppressed the white arcs. Leonel didn't move and inch, and his firing speed didn't seem to increase, and yet Nazag was quickly being suppressed and suffocated.

Soon, his arrow could barely travel a few meters before they're destroyed.

Then they could not even travel a meter.

Then not even half a meter.

Nazag pulled back his bow to fire again, but a golden arrow whizzed forward, shredding his bow apart and snapping it into two.

The arrow shot into his shoulder, leaving a hold so large that half of his mangled, beating heart could still be seen.

Leonel did not even look at Nazag, tossing the random bow he had picked up to the side and picking up the White Lion Bow.

At that moment, the white lions of the bow unleashed a mighty roar that shocked the skies.

It swallowed up Leonel's Bow Force, emitting a mightier and mightier aura until it finally unshackled the last of its chains.

The aura of the Gold Grade crumbled and the aura of the true Life Grade weapon burst forth.

Leonel calmly strapped the bow to his back as Nazag looked forward, blood spilling from his mouth.

"I'm not sure why you all thought you were worthy of this bow,"

Leonel uttered lightly. "Kill the rest of them, they're not worth anything."

ROAR!

The Oryx charged, their gazes crimson with endless fervor.