Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The lips of the Constellation Bow Alliance elders trembled as they watched the light fade from Nazag's eyes.

It was a complete slaughter, he never stood a chance. The worst humiliation was that Leonel hadn't even used the White Lion Bow. All the while, it was stuck in the ground by his side and he suffocated Nazag with nothing more than sheer skill.

If he had wanted, Nazag wouldn't have been able to gather up any Bow Force at all. This was the fundamental difference between a fake Sovereign and a True Sovereign. Back then, Leonel could only rely on someone actually attacking him with a spear to crush their Spear Force. However, now, not only were Spears, Bows and Arrows useless against him, he could even extend this ability into a Domain that crushed all opposition.

Nazag might have believed that Leonel was cheating, but the rest of them had all seen the process from start to end with their own eyes. If Leonel had been cheating, or if the Morales had made his path forward easier, they would have been able to sense it.

There was no escaping it, Leonel had crushed them. Then when their best genius complained, he gave him a chance and then crushed him again.

From the very beginning, the fact the Constellation Bow Alliance used the bow had sealed their fates. This was never their stage, and it was their misfortune to be placed near Leonel. Death was always the only path forward.

Ancestor Mito trembled. His grip on the flagship tightened to the point the metal within his palms turned molten. He had a belly full of fury, but he didn't know where to aim it. He never expected that the Constellation Bow Alliance would be the first major power to be eliminated like this. Even the Golddark Organization still had others inside, though they had already lost their strongest pair.

This humiliation would follow them for a lifetime.

Leonel returned to the skies, landing by Aina side as the massacre below was swiftly completed.

Aina's gaze was placid, however she still asked a question. "Will it really be alright?"

She was obviously referring to Leonel's ruthless methods. He truly seemed intent on killing every genius he came across, even the Heirs.

In the past Heir Wars, Heirs always survived, firstly because of the Morales family rules, and second because there were mechanisms in place for them to give up ahead of time and be transported out. This was a measure provided this time as well. The difference was that Leonel didn't give them a chance.

He killed the Golddark brothers before they even realized the kind of threat they were facing, and he spit in the face of Nazag's pride, placing him in a position where his only thoughts were of clawing back his dignity.

However, those that came to support the Heirs were fair game. This was supposed to be a measurement of the charisma of the Heir. Who would be able to gather up subordinates who knew that their lives would be in danger, while their leader would never have to face death himself? But now it had become the burial ground so many geniuses had fallen to.

"I want them to be enraged, I want them to retaliate. I want them to be so infuriated that they lose all logic and reason. That way, once we step foot out of here, I can unify the Human Domain in a single bound."

Aina's gaze flashed.

She had wondered why Leonel had been so serious from the very beginning.

It turned out his goal was never these Heir Wars to begin with.

Leonel was a person who took his preparation seriously, yes. He had always taken his two Mantras, Respect and Persistence, to the absolute extreme.

However, it was also because of this preparation that he tended to be lackadaisical and casual in his execution.

This time, it was different though. From the moment he opened his eyes this morning, there was an unconcealed sharpness around him. Even James didn't dare to joke around at this point, and everyone had their best brought out of them.

Leonel's demeanor had become like a guiding light in the dead of night.

Everyone was in lockstep, they could subtly feel the kind of momentum that was brewing.

This wasn't just the Heir Wars. This was the start of the Domain War.

On the other side of the Heir War Moon, most of the participants were oblivious to the looming threat. The sun was still high in the skies on this side as it had started off in the dead of the night. The disadvantage was that claiming villages in the dark was far more difficult as many had buffs during this time to their alertness. At the same time, there were far more creatures and barbarians spawned in the wild.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

However, it could be argued that these two changes actually made those who were spawned on the night half of the Moon far luckier. Only Leonel had been focused on claiming a territory as quickly as possible. Most were more concerned with gathering points, clearing challenges, and completing kill exchanges.

With the added number of spawned creatures that could be slaughtered, the size of groups on the night side had surpassed that of the day side.

Of the seven Heirs, four were located on the night side, while three were located on Leonel's half of the moon.

Adawarth had already gathered over a hundred subordinates. Although this number paled in comparison to the near thousand that the Constellation Bow Alliance had, it had to be remembered that the Alliance had only gathered this amount because they had multiple Heirs participating, while Adawarth was on his own.

What was curious, though, was the fact the Heir performing the best on the night side wasn't Adawarth the First Nova, but rather the Third Nova, Xavnik who had suddenly exploded with a great potential.

Almost the moment they entered, several Heirs seemed to have betrayed their families, rushing toward Xavnik's location. By the end of the first day, they had already built a coalition of over 2000.