Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Xavnik's actions should have gotten far more praise than they did. He, almost rightfully, thought himself to be leading the pack. He had taken advantage of an obvious loophole in the rules, but taking advantage of this loophole wasn't simple.

Those that participated needed to come from prominent families, and he also had to convince not just the participants themselves to follow him, but even the powerful elders behind them that following his steps was in their best interest.

With the fact that the Morales family were quickly becoming the public enemy of the Human Domain, especially as Leonel continued his slaughter, how could such a thing be simple? In fact, it was so difficult that it bordered on impossible. Pulling this off, especially given the short time that was given, was a feat of feats.

Not only had this allowed Xavnik to accumulate a large number of subordinates in the shortest period of time, but he had also claimed three territories already. Although they were all still at the Sub-Grade, this was done on purpose by him. He didn't want to grab too much attention too soon.

His goal was to covertly gather up enough points and resources to push all three territories to the Silver-Grade by the end of the second day. By then, he would be leagues beyond anyone else. In fact, the only ones aware that he had gathered such an army beneath him already were those who were watching from the outside. From the perspective of those on the night side, everything was normal...

On the day side, the two other Heirs outside of Leonel were Fifth Nova, Ramon and Second Nova, Auran.

Interestingly enough, Ramon had taken a very similar approach to Leonel, just much slower. When he found a village, he and his partner, Valorie, got to work. After clearing the village, work that Valorie seemed to take charge of practically alone, Ramon entered the center console of the village and brought out a Workbench and a Force Crafting Quill.

He had made the same decision as Leonel. Trading for individual treasures was too expensive, he would Craft his way out.

While he worked, Valorie used the territory map to find challenges and clear them quickly, even entering a dungeon on her own. This valiant woman seemed to have a spear that was unstoppable, nothing could seem to last even a single strike and she swept through everything she came across.

By the end of the first day, they had nearly a hundred subordinates as well, and each and every one was outfitted with Gold-Grade armors and weapons. Then, in the dead of night, they directly challenged the Bronze-Grade upgrade.

As for Auran, his approach seemed to be the oddest of them all. He completely ignored the villages despite the fact that he had come across two unclaimed ones on the first day. He and his partner seemed to vanish into the shadows, making their position hard to lock on even for those watching.

In fact, if it wasn't for the fact you could find whichever candidate you wanted to check on with just a thought, even they might have already lost track of him.

However, it was also due to this that Auran was easy to forget, especially with all of the other fireworks. As such, many only checked on him every few hours, not having the patience to give him their full attention, and it was because of this that no one seemed to have a grasp of what he was doing...

The Heirs weren't the only ones of the day side, half of the Constellation families were also present. Of them, the Lio family and the Gemin families were performing the best.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Lio family were entirely focused on the brute force method. They had placed their two best geniuses, Conon and Gunter, on the same team. Both had only recently entered the Seventh Dimension, but their strength made many veterans shrink, their power output splitting and trembling the earth.

They had by far the smallest group at not even a dozen, but this wasn't due to their lack of kills. Outside of Leonel, Adawarth and the cumulative efforts of Xavnik's coalition, they likely had the most. However, they had converted all of these kills directly to points, first outfitting themselves with their best weapons and armors long since prepared, and then, strangely, pairing themselves with beast companions.

Beast companions fell under a unique category. They could be exchanged for using both kill exchanges or like treasures, it depended on the individual's choice. But what was interesting was the Lio family first traded in all of their kills for points, then traded for their beasts.

This move was clever because the cost of their beasts was less than that of what they received for the kills. However, the question was why would the Lio family be trading for such weak beasts to begin with?

Obviously, the more talented the beast, the more it cost. For their beasts to cost so little, they couldn't be very talented at all...

But when the elders on the outside saw these beasts, their eyes widened.

These beasts were indeed not talented, they could even be said to be inferior. The amount of effort it would have taken to raise them to the Seventh Dimension simply wasn't worth the return... And yet...

Each and every one of them was the middle Seventh Dimensional Tier, Tier 4 at worst, Tier 6 at best.

Even the strongest participating Heir was only at Tier 2. The hundred year limit on age was devastating, and each step taken in the Seventh Dimension could be counted as its own watershed, let alone if you were crossing Tier 3 to Tier 4, or Tier 6 to Tier 7. These gaps were enormous!

But now the Lio family had taken advantage of their own loophole in the rules to bring out such powerhouses for cheap. It was clear and obvious that they had invested a great deal. For the cost it would have taken to raise beasts of such poor talent, they could have raised dozens of geniuses with just decent talent to that level, hundreds maybe.

The approach of the Gemin family, though, was just as clever and resourceful.