Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Lio family's methods were already excellent.

While the age limit of humans was 100 years, the age limit of beasts was the exact same. If they weren't, then wouldn't that mean that these families could just send any Eighth Dimensional beasts they had in? They had obviously planned for this long ago. Just looking at the beasts, it was clear that they wouldn't be able to live much longer than another two or three years, a price paid for such fast improvement, which was also likely why they hadn't used such methods on humans.

As for the Gemin family, they paired themselves quite oddly.

Usually, the Gemin family geniuses would be born in pairs. When their women released eggs, their special Bloodlines, once said egg was fertilized, would cause them to split into a Yin and a Yang. This would produce twins that were almost identical in every aspect, but not quite identical.

These twins would be the perfect battle partners and could communicate across exaggerated distances...

This was why it was so weird, initially, that rather than pairing these Yin and Yang Twins together, the Gemin family had sent in two pairs of geniuses, pairing two Yangs and two Yins. One pair of these twins were ones that Leonel had intimate familiarity with as they had entered the same Selection Village as him back then... Huon and Droet, Huon being the white haired and dark-skinned Yin Twin, and Droet being the black haired and white skinned Yang Twin.

However, in this case, they were separated, matching with Hulot, a Yin Twin, and Druid, a Yang Twin. Hulot and Druid were a pair of sisters, while Huon and Droet were a pair of brothers. The two could be considered cousins, with Hulot and Druid being in a middle generation between the Cataclysm Generation and Velasco's Generation.

When the two pairs entered, they split once again. But rather than meeting up with their partners. They picked a point and fanned out.

Using their communication abilities, they built territory maps between the two of them larger than any city, far larger than even Leonel's one. In just a day, they had mapped out the entire day side, finding all currently occurring challenges and taking down all those nearby them.

If there was a number one group in terms of challenges cleared, it was no doubt the Gemin family. The number of points they had accumulated had already long entered the hundreds of thousands and their understanding of the situation was excellent.

As for how they had done this, they used their Internal Sight like radars.

Because they could connect while disregarding the distance, their Internal Sight connected like a singular line across hundreds and even thousands of kilometers.

Then, by pouring their Soul Force to reinforce the strand of connection, they could send subtle waves into the surroundings, mapping it out like radio waves. Although the maps weren't in striking detail, they didn't need to be. This alone was enough for them to know the location of every challenge, every dungeon and every village on an entire half of the moon.

After this, they picked the most prime location on the day side, a village with the best natural resources and defenses. In addition, this was a village that started at the Bronze-Grade from the very beginning!

After claiming it, they used the kill exchanges they had gathered to gather up dozens of subordinates. Then, giving them the location of the dungeons they had already mapped out, they sent them out, only leaving a small number to protect their territory.

The most shocking part about their strategy was that as they brought forward more and more of their family methods, their ability to scan the region got faster and faster, even having teams dedicated to updating them with the new spawns.

Although their start was relatively slow, their efforts seemed to be quickly snowballing, and it was only increasing in speed.

It was safe to say that there were others performing quite excellently although Leonel was still in first place. If he couldn't continue pushing forward at this pace, he would be quickly surpassed before he could take advantage of the lead he currently had.

But knowing Leonel, how could he allow such a thing to happen?

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Even as the Oryx completed the rest of the slaughter, Leonel entered the center of the Sub-Grade village with Aina, his thoughts dancing.

500 000 000 points was incredibly steep, and the prices beyond that would only become steeper and more exaggerated to the point that they might take years to accumulate. There was no simple method to accumulate so many points, grinding was the only option. However, there was another path to advancement, and that was fusing cities.

By combining three city cores of the same grade, you could trigger an upgrade challenge. The drawback was that the upgrade challenge would be more difficult as a result, the enemies would be marginally stronger, and much more numerous. It would be akin to triggering three upgrade challenges simultaneously.

Leonel had already decided that this would be his right, but the when was difficult.

He simply didn't have enough subordinates, especially compared to these families who had billions of descendants per generation. As a result, he needed to not only end these Heir Wars before they had enough time to accumulate too many kill exchanges for him to handle, he could also only have just a single large territory because he couldn't adequately defend more than that while also maintaining pressure on his enemies.

Still, the question remained, would he fuse three Silver-Grade cities? Or would he fuse three Gold-Grade cities together?

Leonel shook his head, there was only one choice. With a wave of his hand, he spent all the points they had just accumulated and triggered the Bronze-Grade and Silver-Grade challenges back to back.

With an army of ten thousand ready and prepared, they steam rolled through the both.

<Would you like to take the city core? This action cannot be undone.>

<Yes.>

After this, there was only one path left, and that was to find another Silver-Grade city core to fuse into his own.

As Leonel was making his choice, the Gemin were communicating. Since they had mapped out the entire day side, they had long since found Leonel's territory, but they hadn't taken action just yet. Their original plan after seeing how close the Constellation Bow Alliance and Leonel were was to allow the two of them to fight it out and let them reap the rewards as they focused on other things.

But very soon, they would receive news of their destruction as the scouts assigned to that region swept through once more...