Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"The Constellation Bow Alliance has been destroyed. Although it's not confirmed, Nazag has likely died along with them. It doesn't seem like any but a few who used their escape badges managed to keep their lives."

A scout reported to the four Libra Heirs, a solemn expression on their face.

[Author's Note: Mistake on my part. The four Heirs that were introduced in yesterday's chapters are part of the Libra family, not the Gemin family.Apparently I can't keep my own story straight, *cries in corner* The Gemin and Libra family have a very close relationship with one another, something mentioned back in vol 7. Apparently, that relationship is close enough that I mixed them up]

It was obvious that after learning of the claiming of two territories, they would pay a great amount of attention to them. The commotion caused by Leonel wasn't small in the slightest and it was too difficult to hide an army of ten thousand.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"In addition, there's been a change to Leonel Morales' territory as well. A mountain seems to have appeared out of nowhere, and its gone from a territory that's difficult to defend to one that has an incredible terrain advantage. We aren't sure of how this happened.

The four Heirs frowned, looking toward one another. They had only just returned, prepared to press their advantage. They wouldn't be together considering the advantage they had when separated if it wasn't for something extremely important, and that important thing was obviously upgrading their territory.

However, what they didn't expect was that the moment they returned, they would receive what could only be said to be bad news.

They weren't exactly close to Leonel's territory, in fact they were quite far.

The land Leonel had chosen was quite barren and could only be salvaged with the help of several terrain-changing rewards. However, their territory was lush and vibrant, there was a huge climate change between there and here.

Even so, because of the way the Heir Wars seemed to be shaping up, there would likely be a victor decided between the two hemispheres before an overall was chosen between the two behemoths that remained on their feet.

This was almost guaranteed because the moon was currently separated into two super continents, one on the night side and the other on the day side. It wasn't worthwhile to invest in seafaring vessels and the like to cross to the other side if it wasn't absolutely necessary. It would only slow their progress, all for what? To end up in a land they had no information about? It wasn't worth it.

"Mountain? It should be a dungeon reward. There was a dungeon located between Leonel Morales' territory and the Constellation Bow Alliance's. It was closer to the Constellation Bow Alliance's territory, so it's surprising that Leonel Morales got his hands on it first," Hulot said slowly.

Huon and Droet were silent. They were the two with the most understanding of Leonel, they could still remember the first time they met him. He had started off with quite a disadvantage in the True Selection as well, but what had happened in the end? Since then, they had been quite wary of him.

"For him to end up with the dungeon first... Is it a coincidence? From our most recent scan, he seemed to have been alone with his partner for a very long time, that's very much unlike the Constellation Bow Alliance which spread out with numerous groups, covering a large area," Druid supplemented.

"Ah... A-according to the new map, he now has several new outposts in the region, but their placement is odd. They're placed very far from the boundaries of a Bronze-Grade village," the scout said.

The gazes of the four Libra Heirs sharpened all at once, causing the scout to go quite pale.

"How far?"

"Ah... it should be 420 kilometers from his village?"

The four Libra Heirs all stood.

As Leonel has said previously, the details of the upgrades available at the Silver-Grade were kept in the dark. As such, there wasn't enough information to conclude that Leonel had a Silver-Grade village which he had expanded the territory of twice over to 400 kilometers. Given that his upgraded outposts each had a radial range of 20 kilometers, that would explain the extra 20.

However, even though they couldn't deduce this, they all knew that Leonel wasn't a fool despite how disdainful they had been of his threats. There seemed to be only two explanations for this.

The first was that Leonel had received a rare reward that allowed him to extend the territory range of his village. As such, he placed his outposts a large distance away relying on this.

The second explanation was that Leonel was using outposts in place of his scouts, using them to alert him of movement much earlier on. However, this second method felt quite foolish. The price to reward ratio wasn't worth it.

The number of outposts that would be necessary was excessive, it would cost millions at the very least.

"How many outposts are there?"

"There aren't many, less than a dozen."

The four Heirs frowned in confusion.

Even just to cover a circumference of 420 kilometers, you would need at least 260 Bronze-Grade outposts with 10 kilometer ranges. Even if you doubled that, the price was eye watering. What was the point of so few outposts?

"Show us the locations of these outposts."

The scout hurriedly brought forward a crude map that seemed to update in real time. It was less accurate to say that the map was crude, and it was instead just not very detailed. Even so, there were many important points on it.

Huon's pupils were the first to constrict. "This configuration..."

"They're all strategic points," Druid said with narrowed eyes. "Here's the closest water source. Here's a choke point..."

Every time Druid pointed, it would elucidate another important point. When she finished, they all looked up.

It was impossible for someone who hadn't had any scouts to have such a good understanding of the overall situation. The only explanation left was that Leonel's territory had a range of at least 400 kilometers.

Not only that, but after he had claimed Nazag's territory, he had somehow gotten it to 400 kilometers of range first as well.

If this was true, Leonel didn't have a vague outline of the day side. He had a near perfect map of what amounted to at least 20% of the day side, a map that was far more valuable than their vague outlines of 100% of it.