Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's asks of them weren't as detailed as he would like, but the rest would have to wait until the Umbra family returned. For now, this would have to do. They would know to infiltrate to the highest level of management they could.

Although it didn't feel like it, there were, quite literally, hundreds of Heirs participating. With the sheer number of families there were, and how many had completely disregarded his words, this number was actually on the lower end.

However, the moon was small, only about half to three quarters the size of Earth.

Of course, a few thousand people versus a moon of this side still made looking for people like looking for a needle in a haystack. As such, Leonel knew he didn't just need to care for the bigwigs, he also needed to find and crush the smaller players before they could get a foothold.

The reason for this was obvious. As he improved his lead, he would eventually become a threat, and because of his abrasive words, he would become a target, not that he wasn't already a target to begin with. Even if Leonel was nothing more than a smiling face and spread nothing but niceties, they would still want to deal with him.

In that case, Leonel had an obvious ticking time bomb strapped to his ankle, and that was the obvious ending where he was swarmed from all sides. He had a numbers problem to face to begin with, if he had to face so many at once, it would be hard to come out victorious.

In that case, Leonel needed to start placing certain countermeasures in place now. The outposts were only the beginning, he would begin systematically grinding away at all of these enemies one by one.

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The Umbra would deal with any small groups they ran into that could be casually dealt with. They were a family of assassins after all.

This first group of Cloud Race would infiltrate the few that could be considered to be at a middle range and destroy them from the inside out.

Once the Umbra returned with a full detailed report, he would send out another group of Cloud Race with the purpose of targeting the largest groups and waiting for the opportune moment to crush them.

Leonel finished assigning the Cloud Race swiftly.

He turned toward the Oryx. "Return to the village, enter the Segmented Cube's pods and rest. There are a thousand total pods. Take turns. After each group finishes, head to the north, east, west, south and their in between cardinal directions respectively. The remaining 2000 of you will say to guard the village."

With the Segmented Cube, Leonel had a measure to deal with the fatigue pushed onto them by the environment. 15 minutes in the pod was worth a day of rest, but by the time they came out, they would be in pristine condition. Although he only had a thousand of them, or more accurately could only spare the energy to use a thousand at a time, it would only take two hours and a half for all 10 000 of the Oryx to be rejuvenated to their full strength.

"As for the first eight groups, I will leave it to your commanders to decide when to retreat and when to advance. Do not die needless deaths."

"Leave it to me," Elthor said boldly.

Leonel nodded and sent them away. Then, he used the remaining more than 10 000 kill exchanges he had gained from the second Silver-Grade upgrade challenge and summoned a large army of Skies family members.

If the number of Leonel's subordinates were to be counted, the largest number without a doubt came from the Skies family. But as a family that wasn't necessarily the strongest, they obviously didn't have too many Seventh Dimensional experts younger than a hundred years old.

Even so, for a family of that scale, while producing 10 000 such individuals who had entered with the God Path was impossible, they had more than enough of such individuals who had done so with the Conventional Path, and that was all Leonel needed.

This was yet another loophole to take advantage of.

While it was true that fatigue worked more luck it would for Third Dimensional existences in this world, that was only after they stepped foot into this world. This meant that from the moment they were summoned, a subordinate would have a fresh pair of legs and eyes.

A fresh pair of legs and eyes perfect for war.

Leonel soared into the skies. Although he could feel the fatigue settling in already, his gaze was still cold and sharp. Before daybreak, he would claim his third Silver-Grade territory. Tomorrow, the Heir Wars would introduce its first Gold-Grade territory.

As Leonel marched, a group of individuals quickly caught up. With the village soon to be protected by the Oryx, Leonel's brothers had already caught up.

Leonel wasn't taking any chances on this. He would kill two birds with one stone on this expedition. Not only would he claim his third territory, he would take down his second Constellation Family.

The Taur family and Armand had entered his line of sight. He would conveniently deal with a small grudge at the same time.

In an unknown corner of the Heir Wars Moon, a familiar trio had gathered.

They stood by the ocean that separated the two super continents, cold air blowing by. They seemed close to one of the poles, but the water didn't seem intent on freezing over. Despite the fact it was clearly salted, it moved like a rushing river.

These three were none other than Orinik, Rychard and Montero.

"This will be the most neglected region of the Heir Wars, but I believe the Ancestor of Morales will be quite thorough. If we claim the seas before anyone else, anyone who wants victory will have to come through us," Orinik said lightly.

"That sounds nice," Montero said somewhat skeptically, "but the question is how. We won't be the only ones, the Pisc and Quarius families will definitely have the same idea. Also, one of them is tied to the First Nova as well."

Hearing this, Orinik's smile only widened.