Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1954 Never Stop

"Stop being mysterious, this is serious," Montero pressed.

However, to Montero's surprise, rather than explaining, Orinik looked toward Rychard.

Rychard stepped to the edge of the rushing tide, his expression unreadable as he looked forward. It was difficult to tell what he was thinking, but he suddenly began to speak a moment later.

"Many people think that the Viola family's Lineage Factor is just related to heaviness. Our Violet Force is indeed quite heavy to everyone but us, it allows us to use less effort to explode with a great amount of strength. The more of our Violet Force we use, the greater the difference between our effort output and the strength resulting from it.

"However, this isn't the true secret of the Viola family. Do you know how old I'll be this year?"

Montero frowned. They had all been checked before entering, they should all be less than a hundred years old. Beneath a hundred years old, one's age didn't really matter very much unless you were still stuck at a low Dimensional Tier. But Rychard obviously didn't have this problem.

Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Rychard shook his head. "I'm already almost a thousand years old. It took me a lot of effort to reach this point. I was still in Tier 9 of the Fifth Dimension when I was into my 70s, how could [ make it to the Seventh Dimension before I turned a hundred years old? In fact, with my talent, it probably should have been impossible to ever take that step."

Montero's frown deepened. What was Rychard trying to get at? And why was he saying all of this?

"The true ability of Violet Force isn't heaviness. The description is much simpler, but far more profound. It can be summarized in just a single line:

Increasing output. Whatever you give, you will always receive more in

"The true ability of Violet Force isn't heaviness. The description is much simpler, but far more profound. It can be summarized in just a single line:

Increasing output. Whatever you give, you will always receive more in return for.

"If I want to run at 10 miles an hour, my Violet Force will allow me to run at

12 with no added effort. If I swing to 100 pounds of force, my Violet Force will produce a swing of 150 pounds with no added effort on my part. If I exchange dozens of years of life, I'll receive the equivalent of hundreds of years of training results."

Montero's heart skipped a beat.

If what Rychard was saying was true, how could anyone ever defeat the Viola family? Just what kind of Force was this Violet Force and why was it that he had never heard anything about it before? And with such a Force backing them, why was the Viola family so weak? No, even more importantly than that, why was Rychard so weak?

Rychard wasn't even comparable to the geniuses of the Cataclysm Generation who had stepped into the Seventh Dimension, but the way he spoke about his Lineage Factor it would be hard to say that any Lineage Factor in all of existence could be said to be better.

He was quite vague with his numbers and there didn't seem to be any consistency between them, but even if he only gained the smaller 20% boost he mentioned first, that was game changing. A 20% change in strength, especially in the Seventh Dimension, was huge.

Nothing seemed to make sense about this.

"I understand all your questions already. Why are we so weak? Why am I so weak? Why was my family destroyed not just once, but twice. It's quite pathetic when you think about it"

Rychard looked toward Montero. "If I gave you access to a powerful Force right now, how well would you be able to use it? Take what you have the highest affinity in right now and imagine I gave you the number one Force in that category, what would you be able to do with it?"

Montero's creased brows slowly loosened. Indeed, he wouldn't be able to do much with it at all. Just because you had high Fire affinity, didn't mean Scarlet Star Force would listen to you. In fact, it might try to kill you instead.

Leonel had the highest Scarlet Star Force affinity a person could possibly have and it was still trying to kill him.

Rychard looked away.

"Sometimes I think that some God was playing games with our family, rather than a blessing, this Lineage Factor has been more like a curse. Every step is labor intensive. Whenever I have a small breakthrough and sense an increase in my life, I have no choice but to gamble it away in hopes that I can take another.

"That's how I've made it here to this point. If not for becoming trapped in that Zone for those years, I would have never made the breakthroughs I had to finally reach this point and gain what small understanding of this Force that I have."

Even Leonel could have never guessed that this was the reason Rychard looked far older than he should have.

Rychard had only lived less than a hundred years, but the amount of years he had exchanged just to reach this point made him far older than that. He counted his age not in how much time passed, but in how many years he had lost.

His every day was consumed by thoughts of revenge, of avenging his fallen family, of finally reaching the point where he could raise their legacy to the place his Ancestors and all those who had died had hoped and wished for everyday.

The price was heavy, but he didn't plan to stop. He would never stop.

These Heir Wars were the perfect opportunity. If they could win, not only would they be able to get revenge on Leonel, but they would also be able to partake in the rewards the various families and organizations had pooled together. If they could take first place, then the losses his family had suffered would be returned a hundredfold, and when the time came, the Viola family would rise to the height it was always meant to be at.

He had started from zero before, he would just have to do it again.