Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1955 Demand

"... Then what is your plan?"

Montero calmed his heart. He realized that things were spinning out of his control, and he didn't like it very much. But what allowed him to maintain his composure was the fact that although Rychard had such hidden means, and Orinik was somehow privy to it all, was the fact that neither one of them felt outside of his ability to control.

Of course, the three of them were allies, but such alliances only worked when all three had something equal to contribute, if that balance ever changed, it would quickly slip into a master-servant relationship. He couldn't allow his Eamon family to fall into such a situation after they had finally shed the label of Sixth Dimensional family.

At the same time, Montero needed to make sure that his inner thoughts didn't leak out. There was no need to strain the current relationship needlessly.

"One of the discoveries I've made is the fact that my Violet Force isn't just useful on myself and only myself. If I extend it to others, I can trigger sacrifices within them to force changes. Of course, such parties have to be willing or far weaker than me, but this has some interesting applications, especially when you learn to hone on the exchange point...

"Using my body as a medium, I can force exchanges even between one or more creatures. When I learned this, my progress became faster as I didn't have to experiment on myself any longer, I could master control of my Force in lesser creatures and only used tried and tested methods on myself"

Rychard bent forward and placed a palm of the dark waters. In the depths of the night, it looked quite black, its depths remaining completely unknown.

"In the Rain Galaxy, there's a very special race of beasts known as the Rain Beasts. They're exceptionally weak, so much so that they're usually kept as domestic pets. From afar, they look like little puffs of blue clouds. They have no faces, no limbs, and are basically just spherical furballs.

"They're usually quite hard to find. They like to rest at the bottom of freshwater sources where they can get quite large. Their existence didn't become well known until they started clogging up some important waterways of populated planets. At first they were just directly killed, but this approach led to large floods.

"It turns out that the Rain Beasts are very good at absorbing water, it just takes them a long time. A very long time. However, when you kill them, they release it all at once, and water, though a seemingly benign creation, can be exceptionally dangerous at the right pressures... in the right quantities...

"A Rain Beast that only absorbs a small amount of water is a cute house pet that can be used to stay cool on a warm day or water your plants conveniently... A Rain Beast that absorbs a large amount of water is a natural disaster.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"As they are now, Rain Beasts aren't very useful to use. But after I'm done with them..."

Rychard retracted his hand, looking up and asking a question he already knew the answer to. "How many points will it take to trade for one Rain Beast?"

"They're not even considered Bronze-Grade," Orinik said with a laugh.

"Trading for a prepared resources always costs ten times less than gaining it here. Killing an Heir-Grade threat would provide 100 000 points here, so it only costs 10 000 points to trade for a prepared Heir-Grade treasure...

"A Sub-Grade threat provides 10 points... A Sub-Grade treasure exchange...

Just 1 point.”

"How many Rain Beasts do we have?"

Orinik's smile grew wider. "More than we can use."

Rychard's, Orinik's, and Montero's gazes all burned frighteningly bright as they looked toward the ocean. Indeed, they could make these seas theirs.

And the irony of it all? Rychard wouldn't even have these beasts if not for Leonel forcing him to attack the Rain Galaxy back then in his scheme.

Originally, Rychard had gathered as many as he could, prepared to counter the Chaotic Water Sector he believed had betrayed him, and now... They would lead to Leonel's downfall.

To Rychard, he felt that this was all too poetic.

The conversation of these three went completely unnoticed. With all the excitement going on, not a single soul cared to pay attention to three relative unknowns. The Heirs of the Human Domains strongest families were fighting it out, how could they have time to care about three families that had only recently entered the Seventh Dimension?

It also didn't help that it felt like every one of Leonel's actions was taking the attention of the elders by storm.

The choice to challenge the Silver-Grade immediately once again, especially right after the Oryx had fought such a large battle, was baffling. Many couldn't help but comment on the fact that he was pushing his men too far, it would only be a matter of time before they collapsed.

But before this thought could even be properly formed, the sleeping pods of the Segmented Cube left them in complete and utter silence. After 15

minutes, the Oryx exited as though they had rested for weeks, their auras as towering and powerful as when they first began their march.

Many didn't get much time to spend being surprised about this, because the appearance of the Umbra family left those of Shield Cross Stars watching with narrowed gazes.

Cross Elder Avan, who was also in attendance, couldn't help but watch with a frown. He had never seen such perfect assassins techniques, even with his eyes, he couldn't quite keep up with their movements, and after they scattered, because none of them were Heirs, there was no easy method of finding them again.

Just where had Leonel gotten such a force?

But in very Leonel fashion, even this shock didn't have much time to settle down before Cross Elder Avan and many others stood to their feet, their eyes widened in shock.

"One... Two... Twelve... Twenty-four... One hundred..." Cross Elder Avan stopped counting, it no longer seemed to matter.

He slapped his palm down, his rage echoing through the silence.

"Shield Cross Stars demands an explanation! Where did so many Cloud Race come from?!"