Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1956 Single One

From the beginning, Cross Elder Avan had been silent. He was supposed to be a neutral party, and though he had a belly full of both doubt and fury revolving around the matters of Earth, he had suppressed it. For the same reason he had to retreat from Earth's territory—maintaining the facade of neutrality Shield Cross Stars had—he also had to maintain proper decorum here.

However, the moment he gained a chance to apply pressure, the suppressed fury and doubt erupted forth and he questioned the Morales loudly.

By this point, Ancestor Alvaro's patience was wearing thin. It felt like an hour couldn't pass by without another jumping clown trying to apply pressure on his Morales family. When did they become an easy target seemingly anyone could step onto?

Of course, Alvaro was exaggerating by no small amount. Whether it was Ancestor Golddark, Ancestor Mito of the Constellation Bow Alliance, or Cross Elder Avan, not only were they all Eighth Dimensional monsters, each one of them was the leader of a powerhouse faction of great strength. While they weren't seen to be on the same level as the Morales family, they also couldn't be easily ignored, and this was especially so for Shield Cross Stars.

Even so, Ancestor Alvaro didn't seem to give a damn.

"What kind of tone are you trying to use with me?" He practically growled.

Avan's temper was no less fiery. When he heard these words, he reacted like a tiger who had just gotten its tail stepped on. Fire quite literally blazed in his eyes and the surrounding metal of his flagship began to turn red.

Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Just earlier, when Leonel had arrived with their stolen flagship and descended to the Heir Wars, he had already been stifling his words and actions. But now it seemed the Morales didn't care about poking the bear.

"Do you think the likes of you are capable of policing my tone?! Do you think I won't sanction the whole Morales family for colluding with the Cloud Race?!"

"Last I checked, Cloud Race scum were gallivanting amidst your ranks.

didn't see any of them in chains until Littlest Nova exposed them. Does Shield Cross Stars have the right to sanction anyone?!"

Cross Elder Avan had been ready for a spar of words, but his next volley was immediately cut off by these words. He felt stifled, so much so that his face turned beat red and his mustache bristled beneath his heaving breaths.

However, unfortunately for him, the Morales weren't finished.

"Littlest Nova had to register all of these Cloud Race people before they were allowed to be used, do you think we don't know where they came from? They were all in Earth's territory! Shield Cross Stars was present all the while, and yet it wasn't until you were kicked out that they were exposed.

"Police Force of the Human Domain? What a joke, you can't even do your jobs as well as a junior!"

Avan's chest heaved. "—So you expect me to believe that just because you say so?!"

"Just like you wanted the Human Domain to believe that an Heir of the Morales was a Tier 1 Fugitive just because you said so!? I still haven't sought an account about that matter, how dare you?!"

"You think I'm afraid of you?! Come, come! Come seek your account!"

The bluster and billowing of the two old men made the starry skies quake. If not for the fact that most other families and organizations had sent their Ancestors as well, the surrounding flagships would have already been blown to bits by this point.

However, that was all... bluster and billowing. Alvaro seemed to be daring Avan to do something more than just talk, but Avan seemed to be doing the same thing.

Shield Cross Stars still needed to maintain their neutrality, while Alvaro had already won their spar of words. By this point, Avan's responses were nothing more than the whining of a baby.

The two barked back and forth, but quite quickly, their argument had no choice but to come to a pause as Leonel's army had already appeared in Armand Taurus' territory.

In that moment, the Taur Constellation family gripped their fists. Leonel was truly ruthless, in the dead of night, he marched.

By this point, the fatigue of the first batch of enterers was already setting in.

For Leonel, it was no different. If there was any advantage he had, it was that his Dream Force was especially dense, so it took quite a lot to fatigue his mind, and his vitality was especially great, making it quite difficult to fatigue his body.

Even so, he was reaching the end of his limits as well. He had used his mind to an extreme today, pushing his calculation abilities to the limit to ensure that every step was as perfect as possible. As for his body, it was in relatively better condition. However, he knew he had to do this.

The Taur family was performing well, although not as well as the leaders.

They had claimed a village that was currently still at the Sub-Grade.

However, other than this, their approach was a bit unique due to their size, or more accurately, the village had adjusted due to this.

The Taur family was a family of giant-like humans. For them, being two meters tall was considered short and most would be taller than three meters tall by the time they reached the Seventh Dimension.

For the sake of fairness, the walls of the Taur family wouldn't possibly be the same size as that of other families. They would naturally build their structures much taller.

As such, the Taur family had gained an advantage only similar giant families gained. After claiming their territory, the height of the walls doubled, as did their thickness. While they were still marginally weaker than the Bronze-Grade, it wasn't by a large amount. As such, the Taur family wasn't obsessed with upgrades just yet and focused on using their territory map to quickly find and clear challenges and dungeons.

Thanks to this approach, they not only had villages with defenses comparable to the Bronze-Grade, they had two of them in relatively close distance.

Even so, Leonel didn't split his forces, he charged on just a single one.