Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1957 Blazing Battle Intent

Leonel sat in silence for a long while. He took deep breaths as three silver Stars appeared to his back. They rotated slowly, large amounts of Dream Force seeping into his body. The recovery of his mind was especially so but it was just enough.

His eyes snapped open and he jumped, fluttering down from the skies amidst the stars.

"Attack!"

The appearance of Leonel and the others had already been noted, but far too late for the Taur to make large, advanced preparations. Among those that were still awake, many were simply scouts. As this was the first day and their nerves were sharp, they were relatively quick to react. But the range of a Sub-Grade village was too short and not everyone had the capital to spend on outposts like Leonel.

At best, their warning was just enough for the Taur that were resting to jump from their beds, rushing forward in preparation for battle.

Unsurprisingly, Armand was among them. With every step he took, the ground quaked, a twin pair of battle axes crossed on his back. He stood at just over four meters tall and his muscles rippled like steel cords beneath his tough skin. The veins that protruded along his body were vibrant and a colorful bluish-purple with just the tiniest hints of golden flakes. One could almost see the blood rushing like tides within them, but one could most definitely hear the tsunami-like crashing waves that urged forward with his every movement.

For such a tall person to appear in the human race, their entire physiology had to be properly changed. His bones were like steel pipes, his heart was like a rumbling engine, his nerves fired with great speed, his muscles were thick and powerful...

When Leonel saw this man, he remembered the first time he had seen him.

Back then, his Snowy Star Owl blood had been completely suppressed. Not used to such a feeling, he had lost in their exchange of gazes.

In reality, it couldn't be considered a loss. Leonel had frowned out of annoyance and Armand had taken it as his victory, maybe rightfully so. It was probably also due to this that Leonel had made the decision to give up the convenience of having techniques to match with his Lineage Factor and abandon the Snowy Star Owl entirely.

Even so, Leonel wasn't the type of person who liked to suffer such a loss.

Maybe even Armand had already forgotten about this matter, after all, so many things had happened since then and Leonel had already proven himself several times over. But as though he had a fishbone stuck in the back of his throat, he had never forgotten this.

At that moment, Leonel surged forward, his army flooding forward with him like a tide of darkness in the night. But very quickly, they lit up the battlefield as though it was midday, sharp flashes of lightning echoing through the skies like ripples of soundwaves.

Leonel's three Stars flickered and vanished, only to be replaced by three blue Stars that were just as vibrant and shocking.

His panda construct covered his body and his Divine Armor snapped into place.

BANG!

He landed before Armand, the ground quaking as he punched out with six fists.

Armand's expression was not good at this moment. He realized that he was outnumbered in a ratio worse than 10 to 1, and now Leonel was appearing before him when he and the few behind him were the only ones capable of changing the situation.

Although Leonel had great numbers, there were no great geniuses among them. Armand could easily face a hundred of them or more at a time alone, and that was only assuming that the rest would try to fight other battles. If there were no other burdens, he was confident in fighting all 10 000 on his own and killing them all.

However, if Leonel blocked him...

"You four go forward! I will deal with him as quickly as possible, don't let our brothers die!"

Armand punched forward, expecting a strong fight, but the moment his fists connected with Leonel's, he frowned. Even when the other two pairs of fists landed on his torso, his frown only deepened.

... Too weak.

Leonel's fists crackled and his forward momentum came to a stop. Even as the Vital Star Force pumped through his veins, he was forced two steps back. If not for the protection of his Divine Armor, his Panda Construct would have definitely lost at least two arms, even his Divine Armor had hairline fractures on it.

Although his Divine Armor was technically of the Life Grade, a Grade that was noted to be the equivalent of the Eighth Dimension, it wasn't truly at this level. Leonel had simply comprehended a new state of Crafting, allowing him to use lower Dimensional materials to display strength of treasures far beyond. As such, when Leonel saw this, he wasn't surprised.

Armand's gaze flashed, his expression turning ferocious as Leonel's eight brothers and several other experts rushed forward to block his strongest backers.

He could end his battle with Leonel quickly. In fact, he was a bit slow, now that he thought about it, as long as Leonel died or was forced to retreat, this victory would be theirs and they would gain over 10 000 kill exchanges on top of that.

However, what Armand couldn't see was that Leonel's expression was absolutely calm. He could practically feel the excitement of the Taur and other families watching, believing that he had overestimated himself.

A smirk curled his lips.

He had crushed Nazag because the latter was an expert of the bow and he was a Bow Sovereign, what chance did he stand? Armand, however, was not only a genius at Nazag's level, but he had no obvious weaknesses against Leonel.

It could be said that this would be Leonel's first true test since stepping into the Heir Wars. The gap between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions was indeed obscenely large...DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

But he had only used his fists just now. Since when was he a fist expert?

Leonel's aura flourished. "[Star Fusion: Combustion].

The sapphire blue Stars to Leonel's back suddenly blazed to life becoming more akin to balls of fire than Stars.

At the same time, the Vital Star Force rushing out from the joints and valves of his Divine Armor turned from royal blue to deep crimson as he grasped at the air, a large black rod appearing in his hands.

"Show me why they call you all the Cataclysm Generation. The last time I fought one of you, I was greatly disappointed.”

Leonel's battle intent blazed.