Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1965 Real

At that moment, the demeanor of the soul constructs completely changed...

no, it was more accurate to say that it felt as though 10 000 Leonel's had appeared at once, all powerful and all equally as real.

All at once, they raised their palms and 10 000 bows appeared. These weren't soul constructs or creations of Emulation Spatial Force. They were real, tangible bows that could have only been forged by the Segmented Cube. Although each one only exuded the aura of the Bronze Grade, when they entered the palms of the soul constructs, they suddenly became the weapons of a King.

They drew their bowstrings back at once, their backs straight and their gazes sharp.

The instant the first line of army crossed the formation line, they fired.

The speed of firing for Leonel and his soul constructs was far faster than any volleys the Human Domain had seen until now. Scarlet Star Force tore through everything in its path, burning everything it touched. The violent destruction made any previous carnage look like nothing more than a joke.

Every time another troll fell, a slight ripple would pass through the formation, resurrecting their soul. After a small moment, two balls of fire would flicker to life in their eyes and they would suddenly become completely different people.

It very quickly became obvious that Leonel wasn't using his soul constructs as usual.

As time passed, the worry that weighed down the hearts of the Morales Ancestor was slowly becoming lighter and lighter. They stood in a daze, their eyes locked onto the youth sitting cross legged in the skies.

Very few knew that Leonel had Scarlet Star Force. The matters that happened that day in the Rapax Nest had been practically ignored by the members of the Cataclysm Generation and not much of this had spread.

Coupling this with the fact that Leonel had been within the Void Palace when he displayed much of these abilities, and the wider Human Domain was even more in the dark.

It was impossible to see even a top three Force in any given category, but Leonel had already made use of the number one Water Force and the number one Fire Force. What was even more shocking than that was the fact that this Scarlet Star Force was on a level that made even the hearts of the Ancestors tremble.

Was this power a Sixth Dimensional existence should have?

Eventually, the line of defense was overwhelmed. The flood of enemies was simply too many, Leonel's bows alone, even ten thousand of them, couldn't counter them completely. However, Leonel's expression didn't change in the slightest, the same dull, glass-like look remaining.

In that moment, his soul constructs tossed their bows to the side and flipped their palms to reveal spears. Each one of these spears was of a different caliber, and yet revealed absolutely shocking auras one after another. Not a single one of them was short of the Life Grade.

So many powerful spears could only come from one place, and that was when a shocking realization shook the Human Domain.

No matter how powerful the Spear Domain Ring, one could only use a single spear at a time. However, somehow, Leonel had completely shattered this concept. The resonating howls of thousands of Life Grade spears shook the earth and dispersed the clouds above. It felt like the army of millions wasn't the coming tide, but rather the group of soul constructs standing in silence ng thar mires cnnrad

The Morales Ancestors looked toward the old and wrinkled man and were stunned to see a bright smile on his fast. Even amongst the Ancestors, there were hierarchies, and Ancestor Hito was without a doubt amongst the most senior and most respected. Ancestor Alvaro had been a toddler when he first saw this man, and he was already an Ancestor back then. He was simply on a completely different level.

Not once had they ever seen this old man smile, and here he was, grinning from ear to ear.

"... This formation is a stroke of genius. We will probably never understand its intricacies without also comprehending the Lineage Factor that Littlest Nova is using to give it such strength, but the general gist of it is clear.

"It disperses and amplifies Dream Force, its function is that simple and can be summarized in just those few words. However, what's especially ingenious about it is the fact that this Dream Force isn't casually constructed Dream Force, nor does it come from the atmosphere.

"If I am correct, Littlest Nova's original Ability Index doesn't allow him to project Dream Force. Instead, he's using this Formation as a proxy for his mind and his soul, blanketing the entire region and treating the entire region as his limbs.

"Dream Force seems like an enigmatic concept to most, but that's only to those who had no affinity for it. Do you know why Dream Force is so dangerous? Why coming into contact with it is a life changing and often ending event? It's because Dream Force is an unruly child, it simply flows at it pleases, finding vessels that it wants to invade.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"When this Dream Force is ownerless, one ends up in an endless cycle of memories. However, what if it was owned? What if this Dream Force was under the control of another? What if this owned Dream Force ran into an easily manipulated and malleable Soul Construct?

"Those soul constructs are no longer who they once were. For all intents and purposes, they are Littlest Nova.

"They are more real than any clone in existence has ever been."