Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1967 80%

During that attempt to expand territory, the failure points were clearly noted. Although it was only for a brief moment, and the option to expand had already been greyed out, just how good was Leonel's memory, exactly?

Although the Umbra family had already given him the location of the most important territories, they happened to be the largest and most prominent.

In the end, there were only a few hundred Umbra family members that had come, given the scope of the Heir Wars, it was difficult for them to get everything.

Of course, the Umbra family had far from just this many Seventh Dimensional existence beneath 100 years old, but convincing them to bring out a few hundred in the first place already took quite a bit of convincing.

One had to remember that the Umbra family was meant to be a weak Sixth Dimensional family, having just a single Seventh Dimensional existence was already a big deal, let alone a few hundred. It had to be remembered that back then, even their "Patriarch" Silam Umbra, wasn't even at Tier 4 of the Sixth Dimension yet.

This meant that Leonel could only work with what he had, which was also why it had felt to Radlis that Leonel was working with information they hadn't even given him. That was because all this time, Leonel had been piecing together a picture of the day side based on several sources. The Umbra family was only one of those sources, and now he had gained another.

There was another matter to consider as well. The Umbra family was already currently on the night side, gathering up intel. It had been over a quarter day since Leonel saw them last. With how fast things were moving, there had most definitely already been changes to the information they had given him. This was a huge boon.

"Excellent. Expand to the greatest limit," Leonel confirmed.

At that moment, a whooshing sound extended and Leonel's territory expanded an extra 100 kilometers toward his back, an extra 200 to the east and west, and finally, the largest change, an extra 600 to the north. It was unsurprising that there was such a large gap to the north as that was the direction of both the former Constellation Bow Alliance and the Taur family.

It was ironically his own territory, the one he had sent the Cloud Race to impersonate, that had stopped him from expanding forward.

That said, it was also because he had sent the Oryx to clear out several regions in all locations that he had this much room to his left, right and back as well. His preparations had given and taken to them.

In addition to this, Leonel had learned something else. Apparently, it was only by upgrading to the Heir Grade could he forcefully assimilate territory.

However, that wouldn't help with the ocean. Essentially, he would be able to claim the entire supercontinent if he reached the Heir-Grade.

But even for Leonel, he knew that this was pushing it. He had just given everything he had to clear the Gold Grade. Although he could rely on his more powerful people like Aina, James and the others, it would truly be a tall mountain to climb.

The Heir challenge was different.

Firstly, the enemies would still mostly be at the Gold-Grade, however there would be around 10 million of them rather than just over a million like before. In addition, rather than being a random tidal wave, they would be led by 100 Heir-Grade Generals designed to mimic Variant Invalids.

They would be an organized army and threat, and their commanders would be at an Heir level, it wasn't something that Leonel could take casually, even if he made great preparations.

'It should be about now... The timing is right.

Just as Leonel had this thought, the flash of several teleportations took shape as figure after figure began to appear within the core throne room of the city. Once again, Leonel's timing was immaculate.

At this moment, James, Emna, as well as Aina, his brothers and the others had all returned. None of them seemed surprised that Leonel had cleared the Gold-Grade without them. This had always been the plan.

Leonel turned toward them and nodded. "Tell me about your gains and then go rest in the pods. We will move out again within the hour.

James and Emna came forward first, the two of them had been away for the longest and had the most accumulated gains. At the same time, they were the two in most need for rest, so it was only right that they came forward first.

Between the two of them, they had accumulated over 50 million points, a shocking total. This would already be enough for one to challenge their Gold-Grade upgrade. While compared to Leonel's current almost 30 billion it wasn't worth much, the fact that they had gotten so much just clearing Bronze and Silver-Grade challenges and dungeons spoke volumes about how much effort they had put in.

That said, Leonel was less concerned about the points and more concerned about the rewards themselves.

It was a Silver-Grade dungeon's reward that had given Leonel the advantage in clearing the Silver-Grade upgrade condition without many subordinates.

He couldn't neglect such rewards.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel quickly shifted through the rewards they had gained and made several calculations. Between the two, they had cleared about a dozen dungeons each, most of which were Silver-Grade. Although they didn't always get the Heir-Grade reward due to various circumstances unrelated to their combat strength, they had gotten it the majority of the time as well.

‘A tunnel reward... A Silver-Grade instant pass reward... A territory protector reward... A wall collapsing reward... A territory masking reward..."

Suddenly, Leonel's eyes lit up. 'This could be useful, very useful...

He had seen another potential loophole and this could change a great deal of things. If he was correct and used this reward appropriately, he should be able to extend his territory into the ocean, but even he wasn't certain if this loophole would work with 100% certainty.

‘There should be about a 80% chance... Worth it to try!