Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1969 How?

Leonel raised his head, a flash of what felt like violet lightning coursing through his irises.

Not every step could be meticulous and perfect. Not every scheme could be without pitfalls. Without perfect information, even he couldn't’ guarantee a result, his simulations were only as good as the data he put into them.

In that case, he would have to force the issue, suffocate his enemies until they didn't have the option to add variables to his calculations in the first place.

"Go and rest. Catch up when you can, I'm setting out now."

The gazes of those present flashed, but they didn't say anything. In these Heir Wars, Leonel had the final say and they had already accepted it. If they hadn't, they wouldn't be following him in the first place.

Leonel stepped out, casually waving a hand and using the territory protection award that the others had gathered. These rewards summoned a protector spirit based on the strength of your territory at the time of the summoning. As such, Leonel's territory gained three large spirit animals with the strength of about a hundred thousand Gold-Grade threats. This didn't mean that they were a hundred thousand times stronger than a Gold-Grade threat, but rather that it would take the all out attack of that many Gold-Grade threats over the course of a few hours to take them down.

After he did this, Leonel raised a hand and Little Blackstar seemed to appear from nowhere, landing on his palm and snaking up toward his neck in a hurry.

Leonel smiled and rubbed the little guy's head. Little Blackstar seemed to have reached his maximum size. Even after entering the Seventh Dimension, he didn't grow past two to three feet long. The way he draped over Leonel's Leonel smiled and rubbed the little guy's head. Little Blackstar seemed to have reached his maximum size. Even after entering the Seventh Dimension, he didn't grow past two to three feet long. The way he draped over Leonel's shoulders wasn't much different from a thick scarf.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"We're gonna wreak some havoc, Blackstar."

"Yip! Yip!"

Blackstar trembled and suddenly wrapped around Leonel with great speed, becoming nothing more than a blur of black before a large amount of Dark Force to shape into a prowling black dragon.

Little Blackstar sat in its forehead, clearly visible, until the Dark Force became so thick and viscous that he vanished entirely. The creature opened its mouth and roared.

At that moment, the entire Heir Wars Moon trembled and quaked. The slowly darkening skies seemed to suddenly enter the depths of night in a single step.

Little Blackstar raised a claw and planted it on the sturdy Gold-Grade walls, raising his head to the skies as he continued to bellow. The war cry reached the ears of the Heirs across the two continents, even piercing into the ocean waters and causing the waves to rise and rock.

Leonel's figure flickered and he appeared on Little Blackstar's head. His aura soared, a piercing spear howl becoming the only point of light in the skies.

The soul constructs below shifted and stomped, the echo of their footsteps fusing into Little Blackstar's roar and Leonel's spear howl.

A radiant halo appeared above Leonel's head, descending down his body and forming a vibrant armor that shook with Vital Star Form. The towering sky blue and gold standing amidst a mass of deep and impregnable, roaring black made the man atop of the world the center of attention.

Decisive.

This was the only word the elders of the Human Domain could think. They could see everything Leonel could see, and with their experience, they knew well what thoughts he must have in his head at this moment. But rather than trying to tuck away until he had victory 100% confirmed, he chose this route instead.

To try and confirm victory would underestimate the geniuses of the Human Domain far too much. While Leonel was advantaged now, he had his weaknesses. They had already seen that he had limitations in terms of both subordinate count and subordinate strength. If he didn't take advantage of his lead now, he might never get the chance.

The Morales family elders nodded. Leonel had not only proved them wrong several times, but he also knew when to not go against the majority's thoughts and take the most logical route, even when that most logical route, like this time, took a great deal of wisdom to take.

At the same time, the worry on the brows of the other elders deepened.

However, no matter how much they wanted to reach into the glass cube and put a stop to it, Leonel's army began to march, their momentum stifling.

They didn't try to hide themselves in the slightest. No amount of preparation on their enemies’ part would matter. Their only outcome would be to be steamrolled.

To the west, the Pisc and Quarius families looked up. Just as Leonel had expected, they were already making their move into the ocean, claiming several seaside territories as they began to look for their first underwater territory.

What was surprising, though, was that these two Constellation Families were actually working together. But when one thought about it, this was less surprising in reality.

The best genius of the Quarius family, Queen Beauty Vega Quarius, had joined First Nova. Without anyone to take up the reins, the Quarius family was reeling. Rather than simply not participating, though, they preferred to team up with the Pisc family. Together, as the two prominent Water Force families, they made a plan to conquer the oceans.

However, hearing the roar, their gazes couldn't help but narrow.

The leader of the Pisc, Marina, and the current leader of the Quarius, Vega's younger sister, Pearl, both seemed to react at the same time, their expressions solemn.

They began to gather up their subordinates, sending out calls for returns as well, shoring up their defenses and looking toward the towering spear howl in the distance as a mass of violet moved toward them swiftly.

By this point, their numbers were already well in the thousands, but even between the two of them, they only had about 100 000 or so subordinates, and that was after focusing everything on getting as many kill exchanges as possible. This mass of enemies... How would they deal with this?