Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1970 Humans..

Seeing their numbers, Leonel knew that he had made the right decision. As he had expected, after a certain point, the number of subordinates the Heirs and the others could accumulate would only increase exponentially. It was just simple math, a single person could only get one kill exchange at the same time, multiplying themselves to two. But two people could get four, and four could get eight.

Of course, the Quarius and Pisc families were still a bit of an anomaly. They had focused entirely on gathering up as many people as possible because their goal was the ocean. With the depth and vastness, they needed numbers to explore and press their advantage.

Leonel felt that this was the wrong approach, and he would likely be proved right by those who had focused on other things having numbers that were comparable enough. But their mistakes had nothing to do with him.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

‘Within an hour, I'll crush them.

Leonel had steamrolled over every small faction on the way here, sending the Oryx he came across back to rest and ordering them to circle around and support the "Taur" family. His momentum was already at its peak when he waved a hand and gripped his black rod, raising it into the skies.

Right then, a wall destruction reward surged forward. The others had accumulated three of these total, and though they could only be used against Silver-Grade territories and below... Who other than Leonel had a Gold-Grade territory?

The expressions of Marina and Pearl changed immediately, but there was nothing they could do.

They leapt into the air, dodging out of the way of the crumbling walls as their city was exposed to the masses.

Leonel's spear raised its apex and Little Blackstar opened his jaws, his chest expanding. The latter's head stretched over a hundred meters into the skies, his preparation causing the air to shake and quake. Suddenly...

ROAR!

A billowing cyclone of darkness surged out from his gaping mouth, tearing a path toward the crumbling wall.

Marina and Pearl's expressions changed once again. They had vaguely felt that the creature beneath Leonel should have just been a construct, but when it attacked, they were taken completely off guard. Was that really a dragon?!

They had only heard myths about such beasts, there should have been any real occurrences of them.

"Dammit!"

Marines pulled at a silk fabric wrapped around her slender waist. Pearl reacted at the same time, pulling out a tall, blue-scaled trident.

The two rushed forward, looking to block the black breath attack. Although they felt it was still manageable, they didn't want the battle to start with such devastating losses. While they were capable of dealing with it, that didn't mean that the others were. As the two Heirs, they had to take this sort of burden on their shoulders.

However, before they could even properly, Leonel rod expanded, blotting out the skies as it descended in a torrent of rotating Spear Force.

Leonel unleashed a furious roar that resonated with Little Blackstar's, his blue Vital Star Force turning a furious red, then instantly a vibrant violet as he activated [Star Fusion: King's Might].

The two young women attacked, but found themselves meeting an immutable wall. With his Spear Domain Lineage Factor activated, Leonel's spear passed through Little Blackstar's roar as though it wasn't there at all, not interfering with it in the slightest. But the same couldn't be said for the two women.

They were blown backward, their gazes helpless as they watched Little Blackstar's Dark Force Breath shred everything in its path. What made them shudder instantly was that they realized they had underestimated Little Blackstar far too much.

The attack had felt manageable just now, but when it descended, it swallowed up all the Force in its path, gathering it into its strength and continuing forward. It was like... It was like...

Anarchic Force.

Leonel rose into the skies, allowing Blackstar to wreak havoc below as he reached out a hand. The tidal wave of soul constructs surged forward into the remaining shambles of the army. Even when they managed to kill a soul construct, another one would take its place while the one that had fallen would reform and join the battle once again.

The morale of the Pisc and Quarius families plummeted, but Leonel only kept churning away at them, his forward momentum relentless.

Not even an hour later, there was nothing but ruins. Corpses littered the ground and the territory was swallowed up. At that moment, the borders of Leonel's territory expanded, pushing past the barrier that had once been there and taking this land for itself.

At that moment, streaks appeared from the horizon.

Aina, James, Noah, Emna, Raylion, Aphestus, his brothers and the other geniuses of Earth caught up one after another.

Leonel took a breath and exhaled. He shifted the direction of the army, his mind swirling with the images of the boundaries he had seen before. After settling the direction, he began to press forward with an even faster pace.

He had 13 hours left to maximize these three million troops. He would destroy everything he could. Dancing red-gold flames lit his pupils.

The commotion that Leonel had caused wasn't small, however there was a reason he didn't try to hide his tracks. Firstly, the commotion of his Gold-Grade upgrade wasn't small. Million charging with Seventh Dimensional strength was bound to cause a great tidal wave across the moon. Secondly... He wanted to impose his will.

This was precisely what had happened.

Although ganging up and defeating a powerful enemy sounded logical, humans were selfish. Before it was necessary, they would bide their time and hope someone else dealt with it while they benefitted, and with the strategic placement of the Cloud Race members, Leonel could nudge things in the direction.

With everyone holing up, all of his targets were in just a single place, and very quickly, the scouts of the Libra family rushed with news of his actions.

[Third chapter is coming, but may be much later]