Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel sighed.

Though he 'hated' the little mink for annoying him for so long, he still couldn't feel happy seeing it end like this. The truth was that the little mink wasn't just 'annoying' him, the little guy had almost driven him to his death many times.

'Whatever, it's best it dies like this. It's too great of a variable.'

"Go and collect it." Simeon's voice rang out. "We're running out of time."

When Leonel heard this, his expression changed. It wasn't because Simeon was so uncaring about the death of Three, but rather because he had forgotten to consider what would happen if Simeon took control of the little mink like he had done all the other king beasts currently protecting the hive.

Leonel had no doubt that the outside world was currenty in chaos right now. The beasts from the ocean had most definitely long since charged onto the island. Maybe the only reason they had yet to cause changes in the hive even after so long was precisely because of the beast kings under Simeon's control.

Simeon was already so powerful. If he gained a subordinate like the little mink, it would really be over.

'If I had known it was so weak to Force Strengthening Deviations, I could have killed it a long time ago. Dammit…'

The recklessness of his past was really coming back to bite him. Back then, he had used harpoons to target the little mink and not Light Elemental Force. Had he used the latter, he probably wouldn't even have to worry about it.

Leonel knew about Simeon's ability, but he didn't know anything about exactly how it worked. He didn't know how long it would take for Simeon to take control of the little mink. If it was instant, or even if it was just a few minutes, Leonel would be in trouble.

Five — one of Simeon's subordinates — had an A-grade healing ability. It was quite possible that if Simeon could take control of the little mink, Leonel would be in a world of trouble.

'Even after all this, you're still giving me problems.'

Without another choice, Leonel grit his teeth and rushed out of the Force geyser. At the very least, he had to kill the little mink before it could be of any use to Simeon. Or, he just had to defeat them before Simeon had the chance to get his hands on the little guy.

It could be said that the very last thing the Brazinger family members could have ever expected was for another person to suddenly come rushing out of the Force Eruption.

Simeon was especially shocked. He didn't immediately recognize Leonel because the changes in him were too striking. Plus, the last time he had seen Leonel was only for a brief moment in the Governor Duke's residence. And, back then, Leonel had had a tired and disheveled appearance, nothing like the valiant aura he was giving off now. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The true reason Simeon was shocked wasn't because he recognized Leonel, but rather because he knew more about Force Eruptions than Leonel had just a few days ago. Charging out of a Force Eruption like that should ahve been impossible, unless…

"Retreat! He's very powerful!"

Simeon immediately took command. He knew he couldn't be laid back any longer. At this moment, his true disposition took the lead, causing Leonel to raise an eyebrow.

It seemed he had underestimated Simeon a bit. However, that was all. He knew that Simeon was on a time crunch. But, unlike Simeon, he didn't have to worry about the Force Eruption at all.

A spear appeared in Leonel's hand as he leapt into the air.

He didn't want to make it obvious that his target was the little mink. After all, the three warriors were much closer to the little beast than he was. If he made his target obvious, they might first retreat with the little mink. However… If he targeted Four first, it was a different matter entirely.

The expression of Four changed. 'So fast…'

Not only had Leonel awakened the Wisdom Branch of his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, but this had caused an indirect boost to his control over the Light Element. Though he should still be at the first stage, there was still a 10% boost over his previous speed.

By the time Four realized that she just might die, Leonel had already appeared before her. She couldn't help but shudder when she looked into Leonel's eyes. There was a cold, calculating glint within them as though he didn't care about how many lives he reaped.

In reality, this wasn't the case. Leonel was inherently a person who didn't like to kill. However, he no longer let it rule his mind. As a result, he could focus on the battle entirely.

This 'cold' look in his eyes wasn't indifference, but rather was the state he entered when he activated his ability.

His thoughts whirred past at impossible speeds. The world became a series of numbers, angles and probabilities. The entire battlefield was reflected in his mind, becoming no different from his chess board.

Leonel's treasure shoes glowed green as he shot forward, reaching an even higher level of speed. His spear pierced through the air, appearing before Four's throat.

How could Four even defend? She was an archer. Even though her close combat skills were also not bad… What could she do to Leonel?

PCHUU

Four's eyes widened in horror, looking toward the spear piercing through her throat and spine as though she still couldn't believe it. Even as her eyes dulled… she still couldn't.

'Why didn't I fly away…'

These were the last thoughts she had. Her shock hadn't come from Leonel's speed or his power, but rather the fact she really hadn't thought of something so simple. How laughable, a veteran of battle like her… dying in such a way.

By this point, Two had also reacted. She completely forgot about the little mink, what did it matter if there was another enemy right before her? But, what happened next shocked her even more.

Instead of dodging her whip, Leonel actually reached out a hand to snatch it.

Two thought he had lost his mind, but also inwardly sneered. Was her whip really so simple to catch? Even a normal horse whip could lacerate a human's skin. In addition, she had already assumed that the light beneath Leonel's feet was related to his ability, so he couldn't also have a defensive ability, right?

But, reality was cruel.

Beautiful bronze Runes covered Leonel's hands and forearms as he snatched the whip out of the air. A stinging pain assaulted his senses, yet, other than reddening a bit, his skin wasn't affected in the least.

With a single pull Two was sent flying toward him. She really hadn't believed that such a thing would ever happen. However, she didn't panic like Four had.

The whip around Leonel's arm snaked forward, trying to wrap around him entirely. After all, Two's ability was metal control. Wasn't Leonel looking down on her too much trying to do this?

Two snorted as she allowed Leonel to pull her through the air. She could almost see the sight of Leonel being strangled to death by her whip.

But, once again… reality was cruel.

Trying to control metals in the presence of a Morales family heir? That was a bit too naive.

Two felt that the loving connection she had always had with metal suddenly disappear, as though it had been cut off by some cruel and callous person.

By the time she realized the situation wasn't good, Leonel had already pulled her to within three meters. In fact, his spear was surging toward her forehead without the slightest bit of mercy.

It wasn't fair. She had too many other abilities. She still had the needles she always kept around her hips and the armor that always protected her torso. Yet, it all seemed useless. A moment of overconfidence ended her life. Plus… even if she had time, could she control her needles in Leonel's presence? And what use was an armor if his target was her head?

PCHUU.

Two's eyes dulled, staring at Leonel's spear in the same shocked manner Four had.