Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1971 Keiza

Huon, Droet, Hulot and Druid all looked forward with shock. Listening to the report of their subordinate, they didn't know how to react immediately.

They had upgraded their main territory to the Silver-Grade not long ago and they were preparing to continue their momentum swiftly as they approached the appropriate time to unleash their trump card and deal with Leonel. But they didn't expect that Leonel would react before they could.

To the side, Keiza, the Heir of the Gemin family, a young woman that Leonel had met and clashed with during the True Selection of the Void Palace.

Back then, Keiza had taken interest in Leonel because her mother had been one of the many to fall for his father, Velasco. She was very curious to learn about that man through Leonel, mostly because her mother was a woman she couldn't see falling for anyone. Of course, that included her father who she had little to no respect for.

It could be said that Keiza took after her mother in her disregard for most men. Unfortunately, she didn't get the chance to probe Leonel as much as she had wanted as the True Selection had been too hectic back then, not to mention the Cataclysm that occurred not long afterward.

However, hearing about his movements now, her interest had suddenly returned. In truth, she didn't think of Leonel much, and decades had passed since then. She was surprised, though, when the Libra family chose to change up their original plans by moving their cooperation up. When she learned that it was because of Leonel and the fact he had already taken out Nazag, she became even more intrigued.

Her eyes couldn't help but narrow, a playful smile spreading across her vibrant pink lips.

"What do we do? How did he gather millions of subordinates already?" Huon spoke with furrowed brows.

"It's not millions of subordinates." Keiza suddenly spoke.

Their heads turned toward her all at once. Although she had a playful smile on her face, they didn't take it as a joke. Keiza looked like an airhead, but in terms of intelligence, she was ranked amongst the best of the Human Domain. There was a long time, before Leonel had done it, that many believed that if anyone were to surpass the Scorned Queen Beauty on the Void Library's leader list, it would be her. But for whatever reason, Keiza had never bothered to enter the Void Library.

"They're soul constructs. You people really have no idea how the soul works, tsk tsk tsk..."

Hulot and Druid, the two female Libra family members, were very much annoyed by Keiza's antics. But Huon and Droet, who had practically grown up with her, were already wrapped around her little finger. Despite their genius, they practically just did as she pleased, which was also why it was so surprising to Keiza when they contacted her to change their original plans.

Much like Wise Star Order had told Leonel all those years ago, the Gemin family was the only family of the Human Domain with any true understanding of the soul, and that was because their Lineage Factor allowed them far more free range than most humans. As such, when Keiza had sensed the unique fluctuations in some of the battles Leonel had fought, she had already sensed the uniqueness.

Now hearing that he had suddenly manifested millions of subordinates, she put two and two together.

"Soul constructs? Where would he get so many soul constructs?"

"By killing, of course."

The group of four frowned, they didn't understand.

Keiza shrugged. "I'm very curious about certain things. The person who fascinates me more is Alienor Morales, I really wanted to know what about her was so much better than my mother, so I investigated her. She has a very uncanny ability to use soul constructs, and this was obviously passed down to her little boy."

Although Keiza was smiling, Huon and Droet looked away from her gaze, feeling a cold shiver down their backs.

The two had had a crush on Keiza for the longest time, but they had never bothered to pursue her. That was because this woman had no heart. If that cold lump of coal in her chest opened up for anyone, it was her mother and her mother alone. Often... that love crossed a line that mother and daughter shouldn't have, and it also turned into a level of fanaticism that led to results like this.

Although Keiza was speaking casually, the amount of killing intent she was exuding was palpable. There was no doubt she wanted to kill Alienor.

"Even so, that doesn't explain where he would get so many soul constructs.

Also, if he could get millions of kill exchanges, why wouldn't he exchange them for real people?"

Druid and Hulot, who didn't understand Keiza as well, asked with questioning tones. Their two cousins shuddered but didn't say anything.

"Can't you Libras use your heads? There are two of you and you practically share all thoughts, shouldn't that make you smarter?

"First of all, using soul constructs wouldn't necessarily stop you from using kill exchanges, they're mutually exclusive. Secondly, where would he get millions of subordinates from? He entered the Heir War games later than anyone. Earth is still too weak to produce so many Seventh Dimensional experts, while the Morales wouldn't provide him with such support for the sake of fairness. If I'm correct, he's probably already converted all of his kills into points by now.

"As for where he would get millions of kill exchanges, that's even more obvious. What is the easiest way to gain kill exchanges?"

Their eyes suddenly widened and they stood to their feet.

"Gold-Grade? Already? How is that possible?!"

The hearts of the Libra family shook. To clear the Gold-Grade, one had to have the equivalent of millions of subordinates. Even if they were soul constructs, didn't gaining those soul constructs mean that Leonel had such means already?! Why was Keiza so casual about this?!

"How do we deal with this?"

Keiza leaned back and reclined. "What do you mean how do we deal with this? We don't. We are on opposite sides of the supercontinent, his soul constructs won't last the trip all the way over here, don't you think it's about time the Nova brothers clashed? Let them wear each other down."

Keiza took a sip of a drink and closed her eyes.

Huon and Droet looked toward one another.

They knew Keiza better than anyone. If there was anyone who took Leonel's words the most personally, it was her. She seemed carefree, but she was the most arrogant person they knew. Leonel claiming that he would kill as many as he saw was probably the one thing that actually made her take these Heir Wars seriously...

And when Keiza was serious, she didn't have just one plan, she had at least three. As for what those other two were, until they moment they were revealed, maybe no one but her would know.

There was maybe nothing more dangerous than a scorned woman. Though, if one said such a thing to Keiza, she would probably kill them without the slightest hesitation.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

If the person she hated most was Alienor, the person she hated the second most was none other than the Queen Scorned Beauty.