Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1974 Weaknesses

Leonel irises danced with complex Runes that fused and separated before fusing once more. A great feeling of danger suddenly took hold of Valorie and she felt like something she should stop was about to happen. But before she could, dozens of fireballs appeared in the skies, the temperature skyrocketing as they descended quicker than Valorie could react.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

There didn't seem to be a rhyme or reason to the descending balls of fire, but every collision caused a quake that rocked the city. By the time the third had descended, the invisible barrier had taken shape and become very real, cracks spreading across its transparent surface. By the time the sixth descended, the walls had begun to shake as well, their structural integrity seemingly in jeopardy. Then, suddenly, all of the remaining over dozen descended at once.

The reaction was immediate.

The invisible barrier cracked like glass, motes of light descending from above and a beautiful, yet tragic sort of way. The balls of fire only continued to rain downward, setting fire to the city and laying waste to much of what was in its path.

Valorie's expression changed.

She understood Ramon's skill quite well. By this point, he had already overshadowed many of the older generation in terms of his Force Crafting.

There shouldn't have been anyone amongst the Heirs that was his match in this regard, and that was only further proven by the Gold-Grade armors that fitted each and every one of their warriors.

Ramon hadn't slept a single wink since the Heir Wars began. Even though the fatigue had set in for him long ago, he only continued to press forward.

Valorie had seen his hard work personally, and she knew how meticulous he was. There was simply no way he would have made any large mistakes that could be so easily explored.

In that case, the only explanation was that... Leonel was just far superior to him.

The only things stopping Leonel from forging true Eighth Dimensional treasures currently was a lack of Force strength and Little Tolly's limitations.

He had already stepped through the boundary of the Life Grade, and the gap between that and the Gold-Grade could only be said to be enormous, there was simply no other explanation.

What Ramon saw was a perfect construction, one that he had poored his blood and sweat into. In terms of Gold-Grade constructions, it was probably among the best possible, period.

However, what Leonel saw was a construct that wasn't whole.

The definition of the Life Grade wasn't a level of strength. Rather, it represented a product that was so perfectly synergized that it seemed to have life, a product so perfect that it seemed as though the universe itself had created it.

Ramon's construction, however, was far from that, and to Leonel, every point of imperfect synchronization was only another weakness... A weakness that could be exploited.

Despite the change, Valorie reacted quickly. "Fire at will!"

Her roar echoed across the skies.

The archers raised their bows, but with a flicker of Leonel's radiant crown, their Bow Force winked out one after another.

Before the archers could respond to the change, Leonel's brothers, Aina and the others charged. Little Blackstar whipped his tail out just once and they were all sent flying with great speed toward the walls. The moment they landed, a catastrophe seemed to have descended and the archers were thrown into complete disarray.

Leonel reached out a palm and leapt forward, a black rod billowing dense fog darker than even the night sky appearing in his hand as he swung down toward Valorie.

Though Valorie was shocked, she pivoted once more. She slid a foot back, gliding into an attack stance before piercing out toward Leonel's chest. If her attack landed, there was no doubt Leonel wouldn't even get the chance to step onto the walls.

Leonel's gaze narrowed. ‘What a perfect spear strike...’

Valorie's skill had returned to simplicity. Unfortunately... What good was a spear against Leonel?

Just as Leonel had this thought, though, Valorie's spear strike smoothly turned into a javelin's throw, a strong bronze Force coating it as she threw it. She had known long ago that Leonel had the Spear Domain ring and had lured him forward as such on purpose, lulling him with a false sense of security.

Leonel's expression flickered. She hadn't used any Spear Force, and even if her spear crumbled, the Force surrounding it definitely wouldn't.

It was already too late to change his spear trajectory, but with a thought, two more Stars appeared to Leonel's back. Ten Stars shone with radiant splendor, three silver, three sky blue, two red-gold and two dark ocean blue.

His aura changed and reached its peak, the presence of the Heavenly Body Realm finally shining forth in full effect. Ever since he had shifted his perspective on Universal Force, this was the very first time Leonel had unleashed it fully.

Before, the aura of Universal Force was far too subtle as it could only be displayed when he brought forth all of his Stars. But now... There was no denying it.

The Human Domain was shocked once more. They had never seen a Heavenly Body Realm like this... a Heavenly Body Realm that was so perfect, so powerful.

Void Star Force descended and formed a Force Art before Leonel that quickly solidified into a shield.

The moment the Force Art was completed, more Runes formed within his two Void Star Force Stars, strengthening them once more, but he didn't seem to notice at all as his spear continued to descend toward Valorie.

Valorie's pupils constricted. She was still in a throwing motion, she wasn't in any condition to counter attack, she could only raise her forearm.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But right then, an action that looked like a desperate attempt, shifted. The slots in her armor's forearm opened up and formed a round shield, meeting Leonel's spear tip head on.

BANG!

Valorie was sent flying, her body streaking through the air like a shooting star.