1976 Third

Leonel and Ramon's gazes met, the latter filled with rage and the former as cool as an iceberg. Internally, though, Leonel sighed. He couldn't say that he hadn't expected something like this to happen, but this also made the situation a hundred times more complicated to handle.

He hadn't wanted to harm Valorie so much, but there were two reasons he had no choice but to. The first was time, he didn't have the time to be soft hearted and battle it out with his fists. The second reason was because not going all out would only be an insult to her. While to outsiders it seemed that he was relying on the Spear Domain ring, he himself knew quite well that even if he took the ring off right this moment, it wouldn't change anything.

His Sovereignty had transcended the need for the Spear Domain Ring.

Now, however, he was faced with another choice once again. Would he go easy on Ramon?

Suddenly, Leonel's heart skipped a beat.

Ramon's fist had appeared right before his face and he hadn't sensed it until it was too late.

BANG!

Leonel's head snapped to the side and he took a heavy step back. His Divine Armor quaked once and dispersed the damage, but his pupils were still constricted. What was that just now?

Ramon's fist appeared before Leonel again, but Leonel took a light step on the ground, retreating and expanding the distance between them, but somehow, Ramon's fist remained before him.

Leonel raised his spear to block, but Ramon's fist flickered past it, landing heavily on his chest.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel's feet slammed into the ground three times in succession, each one driving him back further and cracking the earth beneath him. The amount of force that his armor was dispersing even caused the ground to seem to implode, as though a pressurized geyser was erupting from within.

'My senses are being distorted. No, they aren't being distorted, it's as though he's using blind spots to take advantage of me. But how could my Internal Sight have blind spots? More importantly, how could my vision have blind spots?’

Leonel's gaze flickered, his eyes landing on Ramon's armor. He realized after just a split moment of deduction that it was Ramon's armor, it was definitely his Divine Armor doing it. If Leonel was correct, the core piece of his armor should be a Dream Force Domain Type Ore, but he couldn't sense the exact ore, which meant that just like he had with his self-created formation, Ramon had self-created an alloy for his Divine Armor.

Leonel had done this before, so he knew exactly how difficult it was to fuse unruly Seventh Dimensional Ores into a single holistic piece. To do so with Dream Force type Ores was even more obscene. It was less accurate to say that Ramon was wearing a Gold Grade Armor, and far more accurate to say that he had taken a half-step into the Life Grade as well.

There was no doubt that if it wasn't for Leonel, Ramon would be the strongest Crafter of the Nova Generation.

‘There's only one way..." Leonel deduced.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Leonel crossed his spear over his body again, but it was fruitless. Ramon's strikes were becoming harder to handle, and more powerful. Leonel could sense that Ramon's fatigue was slowly fading as he pumped more and more Dream Force into his body. As his fatigue faded, his strikes became more precise and more powerful.

The jarring feeling of his organs being displaced shook Leonel awake.

Ramon's power was getting to the point where even his Divine Armor was being overloaded.

If there was anyone who was surprised, though, it was Ramon. Leonel had taken several direct shots and was clearly trying his best to block and failing.

He had aimed for several vital points that should have left him entirely incapacitated, how could a Divine Armor forged by a Sixth Dimensional expert had such great defense?

Suddenly, Ramon's eyes widened. First he was focused on Valorie, then he had lost himself in rage when he faced Leonel, so this was the first time he noticed that Leonel's Divine Armor was actually of the Life Grade! How was that possible?!

At that moment, Leonel's body expanded, rising to over three meters tall and gaining an additional two pairs of arms and a pair of heads. Activating his panda construct, Leonel unleashed his Starry Spirit Domain. In that moment, his Internal Sight was swapped for his Dream World and the world became countless times clearer.

Ramon's invisible Dream Domain came into sight and Leonel could sense the distortions.

This time when Ramon punched forward, Leonel punched out with a free hand himself, meeting knuckle to knuckle.

BOOM!

They both took a single step back, their forearms trembling.

Ramon's eyes narrowed beneath his visor. He didn't know what had changed, but he too could sense a shift in the atmosphere. He immediately deduced that Leonel had deployed a domain as well, likely a sensory one.

Even so, Ramon was unmoved as he pushed forward again, his single fist suddenly becoming two, then three.

Leonel's gaze narrowed as he brandished his spear, striking out once and yet meeting all three fists at the same time. But to his shock, all three spear blades missed and Ramon's fist appeared before him again.

That was when Leonel realized that this couldn't just be a distortion of Dream Force, his affinity in Dream Force was too high and he couldn't be so easily tricked. There was an underlying Spatial Force that Ramon had only just unleashed.

Leonel's Divine Armor cracked and he coughed up a mouthful of blood, his body trembling as his heels left a deep trench in the ground. By the time he looked up, Ramon was already before him once again, bearing down with a fierce momentum. Leonel could practically see two red irises behind the latter's visor.

Leonel coughed again and took a break. He activated his Starry Star Domain and then his Lotus Domain, his battle intent soaring.

His ideas of going easy on Ramon seemed like nothing more than a joke now. This was the Heir Wars, this was an Heir of the Morales family, weakness didn't run through them.

The lines of Dream Force and Spatial Force became clear in Leonel's eyes.

Pushing his Lotus Domain to the limits, he stripped Ramon of his Spatial Force and made use of the Time Force that it produced to strengthen the unpredictability of his blade.

But at that moment, a third Force descended from Ramon's Domain.