Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1977 A Genius

Leonel was certain after a single look. It was Breaking Force, the very Force designed to break rules and surpass expectations, the very Force known for shedding limits and shattering them. At that moment, Leonel's Lotus Domain overloaded and crumbled. It didn't seem capable of fathoming an opposing Force to Breaking Force.

The three layers of Ramon's Forces came together and his fists suddenly blotted out the skies. They came from all directions and no direction at the same time. It overloaded Leonel's senses, almost as though he didn't have enough minds to finish the calculation, but that was absolutely impossible.

No matter how powerful Ramon was, he couldn't possibly form millions of variables and Leonel had at least that many minds.

There was only one explanation. The Breaking Force was impeding his calculation ability.

Leonel was almost never impressed. His standards were exceptionally high, and he thought even higher of himself. He didn't tend to be impressed by things he felt that he could do. But this Divine Armor of Ramon's.

'.. What a genius.

Leonel felt another fist crash into his chest, half of his panda construct was ripped to shreds and the remaining impact collided with him, dealing him the worst injury he had suffered since entering the Heir Wars.

Heavy breathing forced Leonel to swallow more blood than he would have light. Half of his body hung out from his panda construct, his chest a mess of flesh.

This Ramon sure was interesting. He was the most inconspicuous, but if not for Leonel, the odds of him winning these Heir Wars were exceptionally high. Leonel felt the most pressure from Adawarth, but after interacting with Ramon, he felt that it should actually probably be a fifty-fifty split between the two of them.

He had really run into a buzzing chainsaw this time.

Let alone Leonel, even Valorie was very much surprised. She didn't know much about Ramon's combat strength because he never fought. He was famously still a Galaxy Ranked disciple despite being in the Seventh Dimension because he refused to battle to this extent.

However, it could be said that this wasn't a display of combat strength, per se. This was a display of his magnum opus, the Craft he had poured the most blood, sweat and tears into, his Divine Armor.

"Crush your badge and apologize to my wife later, and I will let you go."

Ramon said coldly.

Leonel couldn't help but laugh inwardly. The whole apology to his wife later was clearly Ramon's attempt to save some face for Leonel. He knew that Human Domain was watching and forcing Leonel to apologize for what was effectively him doing what he should be doing was too much. Despite his situation, Leonel found it a bit adorable.

He definitely didn't have the capability of being so level headed. If someone had shattered Aina's arm, even if she could practically instantly heal it, he would have probably lost his mind. Morales or not, the suffering of whoever had done it would be great.

"I will let you know that I haven't brought out my full strength. Even without my spear, I still have my other trump cards and my Ability Index. You've done well enough, don't force my hand."

Leonel suddenly took a deep breath, causing raging winds to surge forward from all directions. The violent vortex ruffled both Leonel and Ramon's hair.

Ramon's gaze narrowed as Leonel's injuries seemed to heal in practically the blink of an eye. In just a few seconds, his blood was trickling down from smooth and unblemished bronzed skin.

A rushing aura surged out from Leonel and the rest of his panda construct shattered as he fell from within it and landed on the ground. He shook his head, pointing his spear down toward the ground as the Bronze Aura around him suddenly began to tremble, becoming slowly brighter and brighter.

"Noted," Leonel said lightly.

BADUM!

Leonel's heartbeat was like a roaring beast, echoing over the city and causing a wild earthquake.

"But I still have a few tricks up my sleeve as well."

At that moment, Leonel's halo suddenly expanded and began to trail down the length of his body. Ramon and those watching couldn't help but frown.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Leonel should have already taken out his Divine Armor before, how could a trump card be something you have already taken out already?

But right then, what should have been something they had already seen before became something decidedly different. The design of the armor was entirely different. With every movement, its joints and valves expanded and contracted, it looked almost like a living, breathing creature. While it carried the same pearly white and jade green colors, it also had an added black accent to it that made it look decidedly more dark and powerful.

As the first streams of Vital Star Force slowly closed the distance toward it from Leonel's Vital Star, the world seemed to fall into silence. When the streams finally entered the armor...

RUMBLE!

A piercing light howled into the skies.

Leonel opened his arms wide. The amount of vitality coursing through his body made him feel wide awake, it felt as though he could shatter the world with a single step.

Leonel raised his foot and Ramon's pupils constricted instantly. The latter retreated, ready to expand the distance, but Leonel had somehow already appeared before him.

BANG!

Ramon didn't even realize when Leonel's fist had landed on his abdomen. He only vaguely noted that his Divine Armor had shattered to pieces.

Leonel quickly retracted his fist, feeling that he would have pierced right through Ramon's stomach in that moment. However, his mercy is exactly what caused Ramon's body to shoot out like an iron ball from a canon, streaking through the air with such speed that a harsh whistling sound filled the air.

Leonel landed lightly on the ground, looking forward. He didn't seem surprised by the result at all, but the same couldn't be said for the remainder of the Human Domain.

No one seemed to know how to respond...

Leonel had taken out a second Life Grade Divine Armor...