Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1978 Big Difference

Leonel took a breath and exhaled.

The gap between the strengths of his Divine Armors were enormous. Vital Star Force was a high level Force and maximizing its usage required materials that were equally as high level. Just now, Leonel leapt from a Pseudo-Life Grade of the Fourth Dimension to one of the Fifth Dimension.

The gap didn't need to be described.

Ramon's Domain was only as solid as the defenses of his Divine Armor, and was only as useful as the weakness of his enemies. While Leonel didn't have a way to counter it, there was always the most obvious method remaining:

absolute strength.

Leonel felt a glare on him and he looked toward it to find Valorie who had already stumbled to Ramon's side. He could only sigh, what else was he supposed to do in this situation exactly?

Luckily, Valorie seemed to understand and shook her head. Looking around, she knew they had lost. It would take several days, maybe even weeks, for Ramon's Divine Armor to repair itself, and it had clearly been his greatest trump card. They didn't have any more chances.

With a sigh, Valorie found the badge in Ramon's chest pocket and crushed it.

Very quickly, he, as well as all of his subordinates vanished. The sounds of battle came to an end, but Leonel looked up toward the skies with a frown.

Usually, he would keep his Starry Spirit Domain activated at all times. His Dream World gave far sharper clarity and was much less easily fooled than his Internal Sight, so it was a no brainer so long as he had the stamina.

However, when he entered the Heir Wars, he had kept it in reserve. The first reason was because while he could hold it up with great ease in the outside world, there was a great suppression here that drained him quickly, especially when he used Dream Force. The second reason was because the range wasn't large enough to give him a huge advantage regardless. His Internal Sight was 10 kilometers, but his Dream World only extended for 100

meters now.

When he used his second tier Divine Armor, though, this range expanded to just over a kilometer though the range of his Internal Sight remained the same.

Just now, he had caught a whiff of something his Internal Sight had missed.

"Those resonating strings... Libra family, huh?’

Leonel had learned quite a bit by reading what the Void Library had to offer.

In return, he had a surface to mid-level understanding of every prominent Lineage Factor in the Human Domain and even some of other races from what wars and battles had gathered.

When he saw the faint string of linked Soul Force, he recognized it immediately. He also wasn't surprised. Since he had known about their abilities, he also had guessed that they would use it like this.

Leonel's lips suddenly curled and he flickered and vanished. His speed was ridiculous, leaving a trail of blue in his wake as his figure was almost impossible to track with the naked eye. He had appeared before the Libra family members before they even understood what was happening.

He reached out, grabbing their head. They immediately tried to fight back, but if even Ramon couldn't withstand a single strike, how could they? They found their legs dangled in the air as their arms squirmed about, but no amount of punching or kicking seemed to do a thing. If Leonel's first armor had sturdy defenses, this one was practically an impenetrable wall. The Libra family member felt as though they were punching against the wall, and suddenly, they felt nothing.

Leonel shattered their neck with a single squeeze. Why would he waste time interrogating a living person when he could take everything he needed from their soul with much greater ease?

"Resume the connection with your sibling," Leonel commanded.

"Yes!"

The Libra family member reacted almost too eagerly, but this was simply the power of the King's Might Lineage Factor.

With a flicker Leonel vanished and killed yet another Libra family just as they were grieving the loss of their brother. The change was abrupt and it seemed to happen without cause. Even now, those watching had yet to recover from the appearance of a second Life Grade armor when the two had died in quick succession.

The Libra family elders were standing close with the Gemin family members.

They were worried about Leonel's display, but they felt that their people were in a good position. With their experience, the things that the Heiress of the Gemin family had deduced, they had as well, so they knew that Leonel shouldn't last much longer. But this sudden change had caught them completely off guard.

This wasn't the first time they had seen this ability of Leonel's, but the visceral disgust they felt toward seeing it in this light was like a punch to the gut. Watching a grieving sibling suddenly begin groveling at the feet of the man who would have otherwise felt great hatred for moments ago, they felt shivers down their spines.

Ramon and Valorie had just appeared in the range of the Morales family members and were quickly taken in. When they saw that Leonel was actually slaughtering people, their expressions changed once more. While they knew Leonel had been merciful with them, seeing his ruthlessness painted a completely different picture.

Leonel, though, didn't seem to care about this at all. He had already warned these people once. Their shivers, their disgust, if anything was only able to make him sneer.

Leonel stood before the two constructs for a moment before waving his hand and sending them away. His conversation with them seemed to be brief, but he also seemed to be satisfied with it.

His figure vanished once more and when he appeared again, he had already taken the core of Ramon's city and begun to move forward, his Divine Armor fading.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It was interesting. One of the main reasons he chose to use his lower level Divine Armors first outside of hiding his strength for the moment was due to the stamina drain he knew they would have. But to his surprise, it wasn't very taxing at all.

That was when Leonel remembered there was a big change between now and when he had created his Divine Armors...

His Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was currently Eighth Dimensional.

Leonel's lip curled.