Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1979 Time

‘There's not much time left..." Leonel thought for a moment.

There was only a few hours left before his soul constructs would vanish. The current progress was worthwhile, he had taken out two Constellation families, arguably two that would have been the most threat to him during the "late game". In addition, he had dealt with a hidden ace like Ramon as well before he could build up anymore momentum.

The strength of Ramon's army wasn't to be underestimated. Even after the battle had gone on for so long, only a few of them had suffered casualties while the amount of Dream Force Leonel had wasted reconstructing the soul constructs was more than he wanted to think about.

If Ramon had been able to build an army of millions or even tens of millions like Leonel estimated most of the Heirs would be capable of during the waning days of the Heir Wars, and he had outfitted them all with Gold Grade armors and weapons, their momentum would have been truly devastating.

Gold Grade treasures didn't seem like a big deal, but it had to be understood that only the richest of Seventh Dimensional existences would have one or a few to supplement their battle prowess. Existences like Leonel who could pull out Life Grade items were few and far between.

At the moment, Leonel simply didn't have the resources to outfit everyone with Gold Grade items, he could only spare such expenses for the best of his subordinates. And, unfortunately, the Segmented Cube couldn't create Life Grade items in his stead either, its current limit despite being in the Eighth Grade was the Gold Grade.

As for why this was, Leonel was actually sure of the details. There was likely something special about the Life Grade that required a human touch or an extreme level of precision the Segmented Cube couldn't seem to match.

This was all to say that Ramon would have been a true problem if he was given any more time. If it wasn't for James and the others, even Leonel's soul construct army would have been run over.

However, that begged another question. Was Ramon the only Heir here?

Leonel felt that the odds of that were very small. There were seven of them, and he highly doubted that Ancestor Hito would only place two of them on a single supercontinent. Of course, there was the possibility that with random placement, things had just ended up that way, but Leonel still felt a hint of caution.

He had a vague map of the supercontinent in his mind. After he had tried to claim the entire continent through expanding his territory, he had picked out several strongholds. From his numbers, there should only be two such strongholds left along with dozens of others much smaller territories.

The issue was that the two strongholds should already be accounted for.

One, as he had just found out, should be the Libra family. As for the other, it should be the Gemin family, as he had also just found out.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

With his scope of understanding, there shouldn't be a third force hiding on the supercontinent. There simply wasn't enough land for a third to appear, especially when the Gemin and Libra, as he had once again just found out, were in cahoots with one another. All the territory between them was practically a no man's land. In fact, they had only separated their territories as such for the sake of keeping up appearances and not letting the cat out of the bag too soon.

Leonel didn't seem to be spending much thinking power on the Libra and Gemin families at all, he was entirely focused on where the next Morales would appear from, and maybe that was because of the impact Ramon had had on him.

There were only two explanations for the lack of Morales here. Either he was wrong and the other five Novas had truly appeared on the other continent, or... From the very start there was someone bold enough to head directly into the ocean.

As for whether there was a third possibility or not, Leonel didn't have enough information to make a claim.

"There's another failure up ahead," James' voice drifted to Leonel's ears.

As James had said, not long later, the group came across a barren village that had failed in the midst of its Bronze-Grade upgrade challenge. They had come across quite a few of these.

It was possible to tell they had failed because the Bronze-Grade walls had formed, but had collapsed. In addition, their city core was cracked.

These cracked city cores had a bit of value. You could fuse three cracked city cores into one to form a complete territory. It was an almost useless, secondary rule as it was probably only useful to those who had failed three times in a row and wanted a fourth opportunity. But by that point, they would have already been out of the race so there was no point.

Another option would be to repair it, but it cost double the upgrade challenge you had failed.

There were no corpses to find in failed territories like this one since the Heir in charge of it had probably already crushed their badge when they saw that the situation was bad.

What needed to be questioned though was why such weak people would enter the Heir Wars to begin with. If Leonel was correct, they were probably from fringe Seventh Dimensional families. They probably even had Sixth Dimensional individuals in the midst as well.

What needed to be questioned though was why such weak people would enter the Heir Wars to begin with. If Leonel was correct, they were probably from fringe Seventh Dimensional families. They probably even had Sixth Dimensional individuals in the midst as well.

Leonel might have made it look easy, but even geniuses at Tier 9 of the Sixth Dimension weren't supposed to be able to fight against even the weakest Seventh Dimensional existence. These people had truly overestimated themselves by participating at all.

Leonel casually swiped the cracked territory core before moving onward.

"We won't be able to make it to the Libra and Gemin families, there's not enough time. This has been fruitful enough, it's time to turn back," Leonel suddenly said.

The others nodded. They were beginning to feel a bit of fatigue as well. It had already been a near half day since they set out and they had been battling and marching since. The suppression of these Heir Wars was truly unforgiving.

The army of soul constructs and Leonel along with his brothers and subordinates prepared to turn back.

However, at that moment, the ground began to rumble.

Leonel's gaze narrowed as he looked into the distance.

[More chapters coming]