Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Dimensional Descent Chapter 1981

Published at 3rd of July 2023 08:21:25 AM


Chapter 1981: Monster In Pretty Flesh
If audio player doesn't work, press Stop then Play button again

﻿1981 Monster in Pretty Flesh

The distance between the group only continued to close. Leonel took a different direction, his mind flickering with several thoughts. It would be the end of the road if his group was pincered into two directions, so he was constantly ensuring that there wasn't a territory in the direction he was heading.

But just as he expected, within a quarter hour, they had caught up. His calculations were too precise to get something so simple wrong, something that was quite unfortunate in this case.

Leonel had already restructured his army. The moment they caught up, he sent out 100 000 to block. But to his surprise, Keiza waved a fan and the formation suddenly changed.

The tide of beasts, Libra and Gemin family members split. 500 from the left and right surged forward, surrounding the group of 100 000 from the front and back, engaging in a battle a thousand against a hundred times their number. 2000 if the beasts were counted as well.

The reaction was swift and strong.

Leonel's eyes narrowed. It was clear that Keiza had prepared for this possibility long ahead of time. A thousand wouldn't be able to hold back the entire tide of 100 000, obviously. But they were strong enough to protect themselves even against such numbers, and they didn't need to delay for long.

The maneuverability this group had with the help of these beasts was far beyond what Leonel had. This was proven by how easily they had changed formation and swallowed up the 100 000 Leonel had sent out. They didn't have to stop them for long, they only needed to outrun them.

As expected, after delaying the soul constructs, the thousand who had blocked them rushed out, swiftly catching up with the rest of the Libra army and leaving the constructs in their dust. At the same time, the archers turned on the backs of their beasts, raising their bows high and firing volley after volley.

There was already too big of a gap for Leonel's Bow Domain to suppress their Bow Force. But even if he was close enough, they were using real bows and arrows. Unless they had been aiming for him directly, he wouldn't be able to do anything to them.

Leonel's soul constructs were mowed down one after another and quickly lost a tenth of their number.

Leonel hesitated for a moment, but in the end decided not to use the stamina necessary to reconstruct them. Although they continued to run forward and dodge to the best of their ability, they were limited in what they could do against so many archers. It looked like even those not skilled in the bow were firing, something that could only mean one thing: Keiza had outfitted them with bows and arrows just for this occasion.

The army swiftly caught up again. Leonel had no choice but to send out another 100 000 as a delaying tactic. However, this time, they were prepared for the separation, splitting into two as well and rushing toward the front line.

Keiza waved her fan again and the army that had just split into two split once again, dividing into four and curving around, repeating the very same action.

Leonel's change in formation, although he could control the constructs with his mind whereas Keiza had to control them with singles, was simply not as fast. These beasts were relatively normal in strength in comparison to their Tiers, but their speed was exceptional.

In addition, while none of the Heirs Leonel had come across were above Tier 3, these beasts all seemed to be. The weakest were at Tier 4 and the strongest were at Tier 6. Not only were they elite in speed, but even while they were average in strength, their Tier was more than enough to make up for it.

The army swiftly caught up once again in even less time than before. The archers continued to fire backward, but the pressure on Leonel's back was even more suffocating.

"HAHAHAHA!"

The laughter of Huon and Droet echoed through the air. They were told by Keiza to make this process as humiliating as possible, but even without her words, they would have done so anyway.

Back during the True Selection, they had suffered a small loss at Leonel's hands. As geniuses who were rarely challenged by anyone, they had a deep seeded pride. Seeing Leonel run away from them like this, they felt endless satisfaction.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Keep running! Your Morales family only amounts to this much!"

"You're a disgrace!"

"I heard your father was some monster, how'd he birth such a coward?!"

The words and laughter of Huon and Droet were especially grating on the ears to the Morales, but to the other families, especially the ones that had The words and laughter of Huon and Droet were especially grating on the ears to the Morales, but to the other families, especially the ones that had already lost their geniuses to Leonel's ruthlessness, couldn't help but feel that some of their rage was finally being vented.

The only shame was that if things continued like this, they believed that Leonel would definitely crush his badge in time. There wasn't enough pressure on him to stop him from doing so. But his death could be arranged later, if they could guarantee his humiliation right now, they would gladly accept it.

The only one who didn't seem happy about this was Conon.

He looked toward Keiza with a livid expression, blood still dripping down from his lips. It should have been him!

SLAP!

Conon grabbed the back of his head and looked back with a glare. However, when he saw who had slapped him, he looked down to the ground, gritting his teeth.

"it's your own fault you're in this situation. You're not strong enough to think that your fist can get you through everything, you should learn a thing or two from that woman. Better yet, it would be best if you asked for her hand in marriage."

Conon shivered.

Him? Spending a lifetime with a wife like that?

He felt his heart grow cold.

That woman was a monster in pretty flesh.