Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1982  Fool

Leonel's gaze was frighteningly cold. He sat on Little Blackstar's head in silence, his back as straight as a javelin. The only part of his body that seemed to be moving was his fluttering hair. As for the rest, even his eyes weren't blinking.

It had been a long time since anyone had provoked him to this extent. The last time that had happened he was still a disciple of Valiant Heart Mountain. Of course, the words those few individuals had been speaking were far more sinister and disgusting, however Leonel wasn't the type of person to take any sort of slight lightly.

His patience was short, his fuse was shorter.

However, at that moment, he didn't seem to have heard anything. The Libra and Gemin family couldn't gauge his reaction at all, all they saw was a perfectly straight back. Only the Human Domain could see the frigid air he was exuding.

Those pair of pale violet eyes seemed to become the only sight worth witnessing for a moment. But after the fourth attempt Leonel made at stalling the army rushing after him, even the impact of these cold eyes seemed to have been diminished greatly. What good was looking cold and imposing if you didn't have the strength to back it up?

For a Morales to swallow such insults time and time again, running with their tail tucked between their legs, it could only be said that they didn't have any other left.

The Libra and Gemin army swiftly caught up once again. This time, Leonel seemed to throw all he could at the wall. 500 000 soul constructs turned around and rushed toward them. They spread themselves thin, the deepest line only being at three soul constructs deep while many just had two. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel's goal was obvious. He wanted to cover as much latitude as possible so that the Libra and Gemin would struggle to maneuver to the right and left. However, when she saw this, Keiza's lip curled with disdain, her indifference almost palpable.

This time, she didn't change the formation at all. Her fan simply snapped close and she pointed forward.

Roars erupted from the Libra and Gemin army. They seemed to break out into a speed that was just about 10% faster as they surged forward.

The archers turned their attention toward their backs and pointed their bows forward, unleashing a rain as the frontline blasted through.

This time, Keiza didn't bother to out maneuver them. A formation as thin as this couldn't possibly stop them, they would slice through it like butter.

Many could only shake their head at the sight, but they didn't know what else they would possibly try in this situation either. When Leonel tried to send out a real formation, Keiza would just out maneuver it. If he sent out a hastily cobbled formation like the one just now, she would just target its weakness and tear through it.

Every time they caught up, the air felt more suffocating, especially as the buffer of the soul constructs thinned out. Three million soul constructs could take up a lot of space, but Leonel had sent out three waves of 100 000 and one wave of 500 000 for a total of 800 000 by now. With just another round of catching up, the archers would be close enough to target Leonel and the few following him on Little Blackstar's back directly.

Those observing within the Human Domain could also see that Leonel was no longer able to help his soul constructs restructure themselves after they had been destroyed. Considering the fatigue between his brows, that could only mean that his stamina was reaching its limits as well while the Libra and Gemin families were entirely fresh.

To make matters worse, what would Leonel even do if he managed to return to his city?

He hadn't upgraded the walls like Ramon had, so they were just normal Gold-Grade walls that wouldn't last very long. Although he had those protectors, they too wouldn't last very long. His soul constructs were being mowed down one after another, so even if he tried to use that formation again, what good would it be if he didn't have soul constructs to use it with? And even if none of these were issues, did he even have the stamina necessary to use that formation again considering his current state?

The observers knew more than the Libra and Gemin family did, so they knew about the Cloud Race and Leonel's "Taur'' family. But they weren't even in the picture currently and were too far away to As for this, it was the most foolish. He had obviously acted in a complete panic.

do anything. A few Cloud Race couldn't turn the tide at all.

No matter how you looked at it, it seemed that Leonel was just trying to stretch out the inevitable.

As though to confirm this, all of Leonel's remaining soul constructs suddenly turned back in unison rushing toward the army in unison.

Huon and Droet were stunned for a moment before their laughter became more uproarious. They could tell that this was a last ditch effort. Although Leonel's previous attempts seemed pitiful, it was still the smartest thing he could have done considering the circumstances.

As for this, it was the most foolish. He had obviously acted in a complete panic.

"HAHAHA! FOOL!"

"IDIOT!"

Keiza sneered without saying a word, raising her fan and unfurling it. At that moment, the army came to a halt all at once and performed 90 degree turns. Half turned to the left and another half turned to the right. They seemed to have completely ignored Leonel as they ran.

They rushed to the side with great speed, circling around the charging army.

Ironically, this tactic had indeed delayed the Libra and Gemin families for the longest period of time, but after they finished rounding the soul constructs… There would no longer be anything separating them from Leonel and the others.

However, if Leonel had been patient, sending out sets of 100 000 at once, the cumulative time he could have delayed them would have been much greater.

Clearly, in his desperation, he had only sealed his fate faster.