Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The change was sudden and it was difficult to react. Leonel sensed the fluctuations of Spatial Force and realized what was happening, but even he only had the time to fire one arrow before the group of 200 elite were upon them.

Leonel's gaze remained calm, his one arrow killing a frontline elite instantaneously. His body sprawled to the floor and his beast's eyes were coated and covered in blood.

Keiza had no choice but to relinquish control of the elite squad beasts for a few reasons. First, she didn't want to suffer the backlash of Leonel severing their connection again. Secondly, she had to give the elite squad the freedom to maneuver on their own or else their combat prowess would take a hit.

However, it was also due to the fact that once the beast's eyes were obstructed by flesh and blood, it tripped and fell, causing disarray in the first line and ruining the backline.

Unfortunately, the damage was minimal. These few had just turned around to face Leonel and the others, and as such their speed hadn't hit a great height just yet. Due to this, they had more than enough agility remaining to react and dodge out of the way.

Even so, this small delay still gave Leonel some time to analyze and react.

"Raj," he said plainly.

Raj slammed his chubby hands together, his large cheeks rippling. The seriousness of his gaze was piercing as the ground rumbled.

Leonel knew first hand that the hardest Force to manipulate in a powerful world was Earth Force. It had been one of his greatest limitations back when he was at Void Palace. But… This wasn't the Void Palace, Raj was in the Seventh Dimension, and he also wasn't the same as before. He had fought many rounds with the Perfection Stone and he had meditated on the Earth Force Mantra for more hours than he could remember.

BANG!

The earth rippled and suddenly hardened. Spikes of shimmering diamond and crystal collapsed and fused out from the ground before surging up and ripping through the disorganized group of elites.

Blood rained down from the skies above and Leonel led his small group to charge up the side of these crystalline spikes.

They burst out from the curtain of blood, leaping over the small troop of elites and landing dozens of meters away.

The soul constructs dashed forward, but up ahead, the encirclement of warriors had already solidified. It seemed that Keiza was already prepared for this possibility. Not only was there a blockage ahead, but the elites would likely recover quite quickly as well.

Leonel slowly put his bow away, retrieving his black rod. Dense, dark fog billowed from its body, rising like a tide and forming a menacing blade on both ends. Despite the movement of the beast beneath his feet, Leonel seemed completely stable.

"James, Raylion." Leonel spoke calmly.

James swung the large shield that protected their backs forward and expanded it, his gaze flashing with a strong light. Then, he pushed it forward with all his might.

At the same time, Raylion raised his hands. A powerful telekinetic force took shape and fused with James' forward momentum. Like a mighty battering ram, the shield smashed into the front line of warriors.

The Libra and Gemin family didn't remain idle. They roared themselves, sending forward the strongest strikes they could muster in short order. However, to their shock, James' barrier only trembled one or twice before it stopped completely.

The speed with which James could move his barriers depended on how thick they were. Usually, to make a barrier this thick, he would have to give up on its agility. However, with Raylion supporting from the back…

BANG! BANG! BANG!

In unison, Raylion and James' eyes flashed. The forward momentum of the barrier tilted, the bottom leaning forward and its top leaning back.

After throwing the frontline off balance and clearing them. Many couldn't stop themselves from rolling up the energy shield, their beasts thrown into disarray as their bones snapped and cracked.

"Drake," Leonel said lightly.

Drake pulled a pair of pistols of his holsters, raising both of his hands up as what looked like crosshairs rotated in his eyes. A blazing intent pumped his heart as he began to shoot. Every time someone was thrust over the energy shield, he fired.

One shot. One kill.

Leonel brandished his spear with one hand and used his free hand to scratch Little Blackstar's head. The latter seemed to wake up from his slumber and vanished from Leonel's shoulder.

Leonel shifted to the side of the formation. At the same time, Joel mirrored his actions. Both of them took hold of their polearms, their battle intent soaring as they swung out.

Around the edges of the energy shield, enemies tried to wrap around and target the sides of their formation, but they didn't have the momentum to make any strong headway. Every time one managed to make it around, they would find the end of Leonel or Joel's blade, their bloodied and mangled corpses being left in their wake.

It hardly seemed as though Leonel and the others had slowed down at all. The gap that had been about 200 meters had only shrunk to about 180 or so. Although it was still somewhat closing as some loss of speed was inevitable, it was nowhere as fast as it should be.

Leonel gave out command after command and the army of Libra and Gemin were being shredded to pieces. His voice became like the call of the reaper, the collapse of the guillotine, a suffocating, omnipresent pressure.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

He didn't need to speak at all to relay these orders, and yet he had done so. Every time that soft, calm voice echoed, dozens would fall.

Even so, the distance continued to close and the fatigue of the small group was only continuing to accumulate.

Daylight seemed so close and yet so far away. The line of enemies was too thick and there was only so much Leonel and Joel's polearms could do. The moment they slowed to a certain point, being swallowed from all sides was the only result.

Keiza's eyes flashed. "It's about time you four took action. Crush them."

The two pairs of Libra family twins' eyes narrowed, slowly retrieving their weapons. Indeed, it was about time to end this.