Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Hulot and Druid's eyes opened wide. While they were also geniuses of the Libra family and were stronger than Huon and Droet, this was only because the two of them were older. They fell into a middle generation similar to Valorie and the Golddark brothers, and as such had had more time to acclimate and grow within the Seventh Dimension. However, in terms of talent, they were both inferior to those two of the so-called Cataclysm Generation.

Seeing the two of them die like this, and so directly, their gazes couldn't help but turn crimson at all. Although nothing was set in stone, they had known for a long time that Huon and Droet would likely become their husbands despite the love they clearly had for Keiza. But now they had been made widows before they would accept such a reality.

Their fury rose like a tsunami, but it seemed that they hadn't noticed that today, they already finished their role as the hunter. From this point forward, they were nothing but prey.

Leonel appeared in the skies above Hulot, his foot stomping down just once.

BANG!

The sole of Leonel's feet and Hulot's back didn't even properly connect. A wave of heat and wall of wind seemed to fuse into one, descending down with the density of a mighty pillar as she was drilled into the ground.

A strong aura of destruction caused Hulot to spit up a mouthful of blood. Her skin of Force quickly resisted, but she could feel it being peeled away inch by inch. If that Destructive Aura touched her, even without experiencing it personally, she knew that she would become nothing but a pile of ash just like Huon and Droet before her.

"Hulot!" Druid screeched. "What are you all doing?! Kill them all!"

There were hundreds of thousands of them and yet they were all frozen by one man, how could they be any more pathetic?

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Druid rushed forward, her steps becoming akin to a floral dance and her rope dart spinning around her body like the body of a voluminous dress.

The army had been shaken by the flap of Leonel's wing. Ever since the first wave of destruction, they hadn't stopped. It felt like they weren't facing flames at all, they were facing the fiery abyss of hell, a place where you could only be chewed up, but there would be nothing at all left to spit out.

Even so, they had no choice but to follow Druid's orders. They roared out, swarming toward Leonel, but at that moment, the soul constructs that had been completely immobile suddnely moved. The ground shook as they took a step and thrust out together. In that instant, with just a single attack, over 10 000 of them had fallen.

Leonel struck out with his palm, meeting Druid's attack head on.

BANG!

She crashed into the ground below as Leonel kicked downward once again, driving Hulot even further into the ground. He didn't seem to have registered that she was a petite woman at all. His mind projected nothing but a meat bag.

Druid surged into the air, a large amount of Water Force breathing life into the surroundings and seemingly trying to fight back against Leonel's Scarlet Star Force.

Leonel's head tilted in her direction. His eyes seemed to shine through the visor of his Divine Armor, the indifference of his expression palpable.

"You're annoying."

[Emperor's Edict] activated and Druid's Water Force was snuffed out as though it was a weak flame.

Leonel appeared before her, punching out just once. His fist didn't even connect with her skull, but it shattered into a rain of brain matter and bone. It was as though anything that entered a meter radius of Leonel was only destined for one path…

Death.

Leonel landed on the ground, his heel driving into the back of Huon's head. The last sight she saw in her life was the endless darkness of earth.

Leonel took a step forward.

His gait wasn't fast at all. Everywhere he passed, more and more warriors seemed to be roaring and rushing toward him. But without fail, every time they came close, they burst into a rain of ashes. However, he didn't spare them a single glance, his gaze entirely focused on Keiza.

Keiza's chest heaved, but she barely managed to maintain a calm expression. If it wasn't for the bead of sweat falling down her brow under the heat, one would have thought that she was completely unruffled.

She felt around for her badge and only sighed a breath of relief when she felt it in her palm. Knowing that she could crush it at any time put her completely at ease.

"What? Are you very angry?" Keiza sneered. "What good is your range? Will it change your mother? Her actions? Everyone knows the truth already. Plus, after today, everyone will know how shameless the Morales are. You just blatantly allowed him to break one of the rules of the Heir Wars, do you think this is victory? I've already crushed you, and once I leave this place and enter the real world where you can't twist and bend rules to your will, I'll crush you again."

Keiza's sneer deepened. She seemed to want to wait until Leonel got closer, she wanted Leonel to try and approach her only to fail in the end, she wanted to see the despair on his face as she disappeared and he could do nothing about it.

At the same time, she wanted to humiliate the Morales family. How dare they cheat? This was the only explanation she had for Leonel seemingly breaking one of the rules by activating the upgrade challenge in their presence.

However, Leonel's expression didn't change in the slightest. His speed remained the same, his slow walk forward feeling like footsteps grinding against her heart.

Leonel closed the distance between the two. Not a single person could seem to stop him.

By the time he could probably reach out and touch her, the remaining of the army had already turned to run, only to find themselves being mowed down one after another by Leonel's soul constructs.

"Go on. Crush it," Leonel said lightly.

Keiza suddenly trembled. Why did he sound like that?

"Do it. CRUSH IT."

Leonel's voice suddenly came out in a roar and Keiza reacted as though she had been commanded. Her palm subconsciously squeezed, the fear on her face clear. However, when her eyes opened, they couldn't help but widen. She… She…

She was still in the same place.

"No… No! HOW CAN YOU BE SO SHAMELESS!?"

She couldn't believe it. The Morales family were bold enough to flaunt their rules like this? So easily? Without the slightest care for the reaction of everyone else? 

Where was her mother? Why hadn't they stopped this farce yet?! Why was she still here?!

"SAVE ME!"

Leonel suddenly grabbed her hair and drove his knee into her face.

Keiza entered a daze. She felt the world spinning. Her nose bones entered her face and her front row of teeth all shattered.

However, she didn't even have the luxury of flying back, her hair still firmly in Leonel's grip.