Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Mistress Gemin's expression froze, her glass of wine suddenly cracking in her hands.

"Morales family!"

It wasn't just her, many others looked toward the Morales family at once, looking for an explanation. The change was too sudden and it felt like the only thing that could facilitate it would be chilling. However, the Morales family didn't seem to feel like explaining anything.

This non-answer only caused the atmosphere to grow more and more heated.

"Release my daughter!"

"You're all wrong."

The voice seemed to cut through the atmosphere and it was even more shocking when many realized who it was. Of all the people to be speaking up, it was actually the Scorned Queen Beauty, and from what it seemed, she was actually defending the Morales family.

"That formation, for all intents and purposes, is the mind of Leonel Morales. It is separate from the constructed world of the Heir Wars as it is built on its own Dream Force. He can break as many rules as he wants within it so long as those rules don't fundamentally break the logic of the Heir Wars world and the action he is executing doesn't require feedback. The badge didn't work because he simply didn't want it to, it's that simple."

For example, Leonel still needed to use the Silver-Grade clear reward and couldn't just use his formation to bypass it entirely. This was because he needed the Heir Wars world to provide him with not only the soul constructs he was currently using, but also the rewards that would come with such an upgrade.

However, he didn't need this sort of feedback with Keiza's badge. In fact, he wanted to cut off this feedback entirely so that the world couldn't register that she had died.

So long as he wanted to complete a task that didn't need the Heir Wars world, he could do it.

Mistress Gemin's head snapped toward Cynthia's, a malevolent expression hardly hidden in the depths of her eyes. At that moment, it looked like she wanted to devour everything around her, she didn't even seem to register the fact that her wine had spilled all over her dress.

What was this supposed to mean? Was she just supposed to watch her daughter die, then?

Ancestor Hito opened his eyes, looking toward Cynthia with a deep gaze. He hadn't explained this point when he described Leonel's formation earlier, but it seemed that this woman had seen through it anyway. Indeed, she was quite a genius.

He had an advantage that came from the world being created by his hand. He could sense the differences and the changes Leonel was causing. But Cynthia had no such references to rely on, she used nothing more than a small explanation from him and she extrapolated the rest of the information on her own.

Of course, she didn't do this out of the kindness of her heart. If the Heir Wars ended here, it would be much more difficult to take Leonel's life. She ultimately didn't want a Domain War either, so it was for the greater good if Leonel were to die within the Heir Wars themselves, that way the Morales family wouldn't be able to say anything.

If anything, this was only positive. The more the Human Domain saw of Leonel's viciousness, the easier it would be.

Cynthia's gaze flashed with a hint of coldness.

…

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel treated Keiza like a ragdoll, his actions savage and entirely unrestrained. If there was anything he held back in, it was the retreat of his Scarlet Star Force. He wouldn't allow this kind of woman to die so easily.

Holding onto her hair, he smashed her head into the ground several times. It was only when he thought that he might accidentally shatter her skull did he pull back, lifting her high and grabbing one of her wrists.

Keiza, whose head was spinning and was having a hard time seeing straight, didn't even realize what was happening until it was too late.

Her eyes suddenly opened wide and her mouth, missing several teeth, released a blood curdling screech.

Her arm was ripped out of its socket, a current of blood following the arc of Leonel follow through.

A flicker of a flame pulsed in Leonel's eyes as her wound was seared close in stomach churning fashion. The air was filled with the stench of burning meat and blood and carnage.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel was absolutely relentless. He seemed to have entirely forgotten that there was an entire army around him, but then again, not a single one of them even dared to get close to him. Many of them had a deep fear of Keiza in the depths of their heart, seeing her being treated like this left them shivering uncontrollably.

Leonel's gaze didn't even seem like that of a human anymore, it was as though no amount of beating could possibly allow Keiza to atone for her sins. Her face was entirely unrecognizable, her clothing was in rags, but even what should have been the soft and supple skin beneath was entirely ruined.

Mistress Gemin could see nothing but red, but she was only in the Seventh Dimension. Although she had strong control over the Gemin family, the Ancestor wouldn't allow her to do as she pleased, especially when the Omann family had also already spoken.

However, what Leonel did next made her faint directly. Her Force went so far out of control that her skin burst, red streaks running down her rolled back eyes, ears and nose.

"You like talking about whores a lot, right?" Leonel's voice seemed to rise from an icy hell.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Keiza shuddered. She wished for nothing more than to pass out, but Leonel had somehow managed to stop her from doing so. She could feel every break of the flesh, every shatter of her bones, every strong impact… She had never experienced such suffering in her entire life.

Suddenly, she was tossed out, her body landing heavily in an encirclement of the beasts she had been so proud to be in control of just moments ago.

The eyes of the Human Domain widened. They knew that from that moment onward, that fiendish gaze of Leonel's would be imprinted onto their nightmares. And at the same time…

They knew never to touch his reverse scale.

The echoes of Keiza's screams sent jolts of electricity down their spines.