Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

·ƈθm ﻿

Ancestor Alvaro cleared his throat as Ancestor Hito waved a hand, blocking the Human Domain from the option of seeing that scene.

"His temper seems to be a bit…" Alvaro coughed lightly.

He seemed to have no care for the fairer sex at all. The echoes of Keiza made even them as Ancestors shudder.

The Ancestors of the Gemin family had expressions as dark as night. Keiza might not be directly related to most of them, but she was still the pride and joy of the family, only behind that of her mother. Plus, as most of their upper echelon were women, they were particularly sensitive to this brand of revenge that Leonel had chosen, and it seemed that Leonel had acted this way despite being more than smart enough to know this.

They wanted nothing more than to rip Leonel limb from limb, but Leonel himself only seemed to be looking for more targets. He ripped through what remained of the Libra and Gemin armies, his momentum not dying down in the slightest.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Compared to the Gold-Grade army, this was even easier. The Gold-Grade army didn't have the emotions and fears of humans, they only knew how to keep charging and aiming for the kill. However, this army had just seen their leaders systematically defeated one after another, their comrades slaughtered with nothing more than the flap of a pair of wings.

How could they still have the will to fight? They were practically pieces of meat on a chopping board.

Cynthia's deductions were indeed correct about the formation, but even though they were correct, they were too limited in scope because not many understood what it really meant for this formation to become an extension of Leonel's Dream World.

When Leonel usually deployed his Starry Spirit Domain, his Dream World was projected, but it only really became a part of the world, layering atop of it. With this formation, though, his Dream World *was* the world. The laws, the rules of physics, the logic, it was all dictated by him as though he was lucid dreaming.

In fact, that was the name of this self-created formation, the Lucid Dream Formation.

Leonel had only exposed a small portion of its abilities, one part due to him liking to keep trump cards in his back pocket, but another part was due to the sheer strain.

At the moment, the formation was just a work in progress. He wouldn't be able to use it with true freedom until he entered the Eighth Dimension at least, but by then it would be so refined and perfected that it would become nigh untouchable.

The entire Libra and Gemin family armies were wiped out. By this point, there didn't seem to be any other powers on the supercontinent that could even begin to threaten Leonel. However, Leonel's next steps seemed quite odd.

First, he placed the silver city he had just formed down and let its walls take shape. After a while, he communicated with the "Taur" currently run by the Cloud Race and they took over all of the territory that had once been the Lio, Libra and Gemin families'.

Like this, the day side supercontinent was split between two supreme powers, but in reality… everyone watching on the outside was very much aware that Leonel, the Sixth Dimensional existence who should have been among the first to fall, had conquered an entire continent for himself.

While there were still some powers here and there, it was only a matter of time for them all to be wiped out and for the continent to truly be unified.

At the same time, despite the victory, Leonel knew when to take a step back as well. After his aggressive forward step, rather than openly claiming the continent, he maintained the illusion of the continent being controlled by two strong powers.

In addition, he used his Silver-Grade city like a "dummy" capital city. While placing it within the same mountain range his original city had been in, it was difficult to tell exactly which of the two was the main city, especially when he ordered some soldiers of the Oryx and Skies to manage it.

More importantly than that, he had monopolized the resources of an entire continent for himself. No matter how you looked at it, Leonel was by far and away firmly within first place.

However, there wasn't a hint of satisfaction on Leonel's face.

Just a pair of families like the Libra and Gemin had actually pushed him to this extent. By the time he started targeting the other continent, they would be even more established, with even more subordinates. The gap would only grow larger and larger.

Leonel's expression was dark, he only seemed to react when a soft hand slipped into his.

Aina smiled. "She's already suffered the worst kind of humiliation and death, there's no need to keep being mad, because then she wins, right?"

Leonel blinked. Indeed, he wasn't mad about the odds he was being faced with, he was just still pissed off about Keiza. Maybe the fact that she had almost forced him into a corner made him a bit more sensitive about another potentially doing the same, but the root was ultimately her.

He had every confidence that he would be able to crush everything in his path, he should just forget about such trash.

Leonel smiled and nodded, the heavy atmosphere suddenly vanishing with the wind.

"Let's return, we have work to do after resting."

Leonel and the others entered the nearest outpost and teleported back to the Gold-Grade base.

Leonel's mind flickered with many thoughts. His formation was powerful, but its greatest weakness was its lack of mobility, even setting it up took over half a day, it just wasn't feasible to use continuously. He would have to put his eggs in a different sort of basket.

Soon, the Umbra family would return with the details of the supercontinent and he would redeploy the Cloud Race that had been freed up after the territories he had sent them into were destroyed. They had made a lot of things smoother for him, and as the numbers of subordinates on the other side grew, it would be even easier for them to infiltrate and relay information back to him.

For now, though, he would rest. When he awoke, he would begin to take his first steps into the ocean. The key to victory was within.