Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

﻿

"Littlest Nova seems to be leaving us without much of a choice," Ancestor Alvaro said lightly.

With things being like this, it was clear that there was no option remaining for the Morales. They had already known ahead of time, but there was simply no dodging things this time. Even the most pacifist among them could see it as bright as day.

War was looming over the horizon.

That child of the Omann family seemed to still be trying to avoid war, but the method by which she wanted to do so was by killing Littlest Nova. She could only be said to be naïve if she believed that this would stop things.

They knew Velasco well enough to know that he wouldn't care if Leonel died to those of his generation, even if they had a 20 year advantage, he was just that kind of madman. But they also knew Velasco well enough to know that if his wife was enraged, then he was enraged. If his wife pointed, he would do it. If his wife wanted someone dead, they would die.

In truth, Velasco was even more of a madman than they knew. To him, his seed should be capable of facing off against the entire Human Domain without trouble. Now that Leonel had Seventh Dimensional strength, he had grown up enough to maneuver the world on his own.

Of course, all of this was irrelevant so long as Alienor shed a single tear. Even if the Morales did nothing, the Omann would face the wrath of Velasco.

People knew too little about Alienor and the Ascension Empire. If not, they would know that facing the wrath of these two entities was definitely something to take note of as well.

"He's decisive, more decisive than the rest of us. The moment the Human Domain showed such intentions, we should have already known that war was inevitable, he's already treating it as such. At this point, he's only slaughtering their futures right before them and staking his claim to this generation."

The Morales family looked around them and it seemed as though half of those present were seeing red. Most would have already left by now if not for the fact they wanted to wait to see Leonel fall. They were like gambling addicts, gritting their teeth and waiting for the chips to fall correctly.

Of course, there were some with far more sinister intentions than just that. If it wasn't sowing discord, they were definitely lying in wait. If by some miracle Leonel really managed to make it out, escaping the clutches of the countless geniuses of his generation, they would be here. They really wanted to see if the Morales family truly dared to face off against the entire Human Domain alone.

…

When Leonel returned to his city, after delegating some tasks, he nearly collapsed. He entered the pod for an entire two hours, the worth of over a week.

His gaze couldn't help but sharpen. He had thought he felt fine, but this amount of rest period painted a completely different picture.

The reality was that there was something he had done that was hidden from Cynthia Omann, and that was using his formation to more freely control his Scarlet Star Force. He only remembered feeling a fiery, burning rage that was threatening to boil over at every moment.

And now, seeing how long it had taken his body to recover despite him feeling "fine", Leonel realized something else.

'It seems that it's already affecting my mental state.'

Leonel's gaze narrowed. Wise Star Order had already warned him that there would be a price to pay for the oversized growth of his Scarlet Star Force Innate Node, but he thought he had made great progress already.

If he was measuring things by what Wise Star Order had said, he essentially needed to reach the state of being able to freely use his Scarlet Star Force within a Third Dimensional world to be free of any potential ill effects. He was already making good progress toward that.

He had around a hundred years to succeed, and it had only been around a year or two since he had this conversation with Wise Star Order. So he should still have plenty of time left.

The good news was that the effects were still subtle, but it was important that he realize this now. Just because he had a lot of time left, didn't mean that his Scarlet Star Force had no ability to affect him now. In fact, if he had let it rampage around for any longer, he would have suffered pretty greatly. If his body hit empty, but he kept trying to push it, the result would be disastrous.

There was another mother that was exceptionally important here. Within his formation, the fatigue aspects of the Heir Wars world couldn't affect him so long as he kept it activated, and yet he was still so tired. This painted a picture that couldn't be more obvious, that formation truly took a lot out of him.

Leonel adjusted himself and his gaze grew firm. With a step he vanished from his pod and appeared on the tall city walls of his territory. Down below, the ocean pounded against the walls.

The others should have woken up long before him and started executing his orders. The surrounding 20 kilometers were all within their purview, there were almost too many things to clear in this region. However, not only did Leonel have that 20 kilometers, but he had also spent all 30 billion of his points to extend it by an additional 300 kilometers using his underwater outposts.

The best part was that these underwater outposts that he had bought at a cost of 10 million points each, also had the teleportation function.

'I've rested enough, it seems that it's about time to begin.'

Leonel flickered and vanished. The supercontinent was conquered. There was only a final push to be made. Once he had finished accumulating, it would be time to march toward the dark side continent.

But for now, these Gold and Heir-Grade challenges and dungeons were his.