Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Leonel's battle intent blazed.

With a step, a vortex of water formed to the sole of his feet. The water in the surroundings grew much heavier and the blazing light around him dimmed.

The charging shark beast immediately found that its forward momentum was stifled greatly. Although it still appeared before Leonel with great speed, this time, Leonel had more than enough time to react. He swung down with a savage intention, his Divine Armor trembling with life.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

BANG!

The shark beast was sent spiraling downward, but Leonel's gaze narrowed. Its skin was a great combination of silky and slippery matched with tough and rubbery. Getting a good slice on it was difficult, but even when you managed to, its skin and the underlying flesh and fat was so elastic and injury proof.

Leonel took another step and surged down toward the shark beast. He felt the changes in the water around him, as the pressure increased, he seemed to get closer and closer to the feeling that Void Star Force gave him.

What Leonel was looking for was an enlightenment similar to what he had gained from Earth Force. His comprehension of it had been entirely flipped on its head when he realized that Earth Force was just as much related to Life Force as any of the other Elements.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

·ƈθm Leonel's gaze narrowed as he clashed with the shark beast again and again. Although he was still holding back, the strength of this shark beast was still far outside of his expectations. He didn't even have half a dozen people who could face off against these creatures alone, dealing with 100 would definitely come with great difficulty.

It was no wonder the upgrade challenge didn't require facing off against millions of them. If that was the task, there probably wouldn't be anyone who could accomplish such a thing among the Heirs. Even if they all decided to work together it would be fruitless.

Leonel punched out once, meeting the jagged edge of one of the sharp beast's large teeth.

CRACK!

'That's it, that's the feeling right there…'

Leonel had chosen to change his approach after several exchanges. His Water Force affinity simply wasn't high enough to try and grasp the secrets of Void Star Force just by relying on the water around him alone. But it was a different question if he tried to map on his feelings toward Scarlet Star Force toward the Force that should be its most direct opposite.

When he used Scarlet Star Force now, he could feel the presence of a barrier that extended from his body, a domain that sought to destroy everything in his path with a single touch. It repelled and shredded apart all.

He looked for a similar feeling within the Runes of his Void Star Force and he found it. Rather than repelling and shredding apart, it gathered and fused. Once destroyed on contact, and the other almost seemed to create more of a thing, but it wasn't exactly that. Rather than creating, it was making it more substantial, more tangible… much heavier.

Leonel fist became like a vortex, swallowing everything in its path. The result was a fist that was twice as heavy handed. Even without adding any more strength to his blow, it became twice as powerful, shattering the tooth of the shark beast and making it cry out in pain.

Sound waves traveled with much more vigor in water, the echo almost shattered Leonel's eardrums, but he still followed up again, and then again.

With every strike, his fist became heavier and heavier, until he suddenly swung out with his spear.

With a single thrust, a spiraling pattern of blood and torn flesh ripped through the shark beast's tough skin.

Leonel dodged out of the way of a tail swipe, fighting against the startling current that formed to pierce out again and again.

Every time he did so, his comprehension seemed to deep and the violent blackhole of his power became more and more profound. Void Star Force should have had the greatest defensive power, but its offensive power was truly startling.

Suddenly, Leonel raised a hand and clenched his fist. The shark beast that had chosen to suddenly turn in an attempt to run found the waters around it as viscous as cold lard. It swayed its tail with as much strength as it could muster, but even that action seemed to have slowed considerably.

Leonel appeared above its head, the intent in his eyes blazing as a deep blue vortex danced within the depths of his irises. It looked as though his gaze alone could swallow up the world as he pierced downward.

The blade of his spear extended and a rotating vortex of black blue took shape. The head of the shark beast caused Leonel's attack to pause for just two seconds before he finally ripped through, shredding into its bone and eventually its brain.

The shark beast unleashed one final howl before it collapsed, unable to sustain its life any longer.

Leonel's point total raised by 100 000 points as he waved a hand, storing the corpse of the shark beast.

He took a breath and exhaled. He didn't feel too good about that battle.

Void Star Force was a Force on par with Scarlet Star Force but it didn't feel that way in his hands. Even with such effort, it still took two seconds to break through the shark beast's head. That amount of time was an eternity at his level. If there were any other variables, he would have failed.

'I need to keep honing it. The ocean holds too much importance for me to not be able to bring out incredible strength within its limits. This isn't enough.'

This was the secondary benefit of him sending everyone out now. They had no choice but to gain experience fighting in the depths of the ocean, it was the only way for him to make sure that they would be ready for anything.

Leonel shot forward, aiming for his second Heir-Grade beast.