Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

As Third and Fourth Nova faced off against one another, First Nova had made great progress as well. As expected, he made great use of having Vega by his side.

The Quarius family had high affinity in both the Wind and Water. Their understanding and comprehension of both is exceptionally profound, and thanks to this, their seafaring vessels are without a doubt the best in the whole of the Human Domain.

Adawarth's trust in Vega was no less than Leonel's trust in AIna. As such, after reaching a certain point, the two separated themselves between two territories, one underwater and the other on land. Their efficiency was quite great and their progress was excellent.

These two, First and Third Nova, were without a doubt the two with the strongest presence in the water on the night side supercontinent. The others could only be said to be much further behind, but this didn't mean that they didn't have their own advantages.

Sixth Nova had focused entirely on his military might. Much like Leonel, he claimed a territory as quickly as possible, carving out a place for himself. Although his territory wasn't the largest as that right was left to Xavnik, it was the second largest.

However, he had run into problems of his own as well, much like Fourth Nova. He found himself sandwiched between both the Omann and Spiritual Faith. Much like Vega and Adawarth had separated, his partner, Bruno, had no choice but to take the helm in sweeping toward the west while he moved toward the east.

After several clashes, the Omann and Spiritual Faith seemed to realize that Sixth Nova wouldn't be easily dealt with, and as such they turned their attention away. Even so, most seemed to believe that Valor's days were numbered.

The Spiritual Faith didn't seem to be taking part in these Heir Wars for the sake of victory. Rather, they had only sent in a few dozen individuals, all of whom had Spiritual blood running through their veins. Their only goal seemed to be to display their strength and spread awe for the Spiritual Race.

The Omann family didn't have great combat strength just yet as many of those they had exchanged for were pure Crafters. However, with such a large team of Crafters working as one, there was no doubt that the longer the Omann family was allowed to survive, the larger their future advantage would be.

Due to these reasons, many waved off Sixth Nova's ability to survive. While the Spiritual Faith had decided to focus elsewhere, it was only a matter of time before they felt it was about time to take him down.

At the same time, once the Omann family settled and began rolling out their Crafts with great momentum, who would be able to stop him? Valor's only chance seemed to be to deal with them as quickly as possible, but it was clear to all that he didn't have the ability to do this.

…

The Omann family was led by a young man. He was exceptionally tall, almost seven feet, in fact, but his frame was quite slight, the shoulders of his lab coat seeming to be quite loose on him.

This young man was Kron. Had Leonel bothered to enter the Force Crafting Guild of the Void Palace, he would have recognized this young man. Because Ramon was so lowkey, it was widely accepted that the best Crafter of the younger generation was none other than Kron Omann, the younger cousin of Cynthia Omann, the Scorned Queen Beauty.

That said, even if Ramon was less of an introvert, the winner between the two of them wouldn't be clear. As talented as Ramon was, he split quite a bit of his time for his Spear Domain Lineage Factor, and even beyond that, most of his Crafting research was focused on forging his Divine Armor. This focus had allowed him to form an exceptionally powerful gauntlet of Divine Armors, but these were obviously niche Crafts that only he alone could use.

Kron, however, was much more of a pure Crafter. His skill was more wide ranging and his tool kit was much deeper.

That said, Kron wasn't alone in this. The brain power of the entire Omann family was at his back.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The Omann family had entered with a systematic plan. Even their "battle" with Sixth Nova was nothing more than a pretext for keeping up appearances. There was a perfect blueprint they would follow from start to finish, a blueprint that had been worked on by the Scorned Queen Beauty herself.

This was the expertise of not a Gold-Grade Crafter, but a tried and true Life Grade Crafter, and not just a normal Life Grade, but the true Life Grade of the Eighth Dimension. All of the plans, from start to finish, had been drawn up by her.

Kron could be considered to be of a middle generation as well, too old to be among the Cataclysm Generation, and too young to be a part of the Nebula Generation of the Morales. Outside of Crafting circles, his name was still capable of resonating, but it wasn't to the same extent of Cynthia and Velasco of the past.

However, what he could do was execute orders, and thanks to his Ability index, he was the perfect choice for this job.

Kron stood in silence, monitoring the progress of the army of Crafters. Very soon, everything would be ready. At this pace, they only needed three more days. After that, there wouldn't be anyone that could stop them.

…

Leonel took deep breaths and exhaled, the momentum of both causing the waters around him to tremble.

After a moment, he pulled up an giant squid beast's corpse and stowed it away.

He had been hunting Heir-Grade threats all day and he had managed to capture just above 30. This was already a good number and he felt that he was running on fumes now, so it was about time he returned.

He found the nearest underwater outpost and flashed back to his city's core. But the moment he appeared, his pupils constricted.

There was someone here.

Leonel's head whipped around but he couldn't spot them with his eyes immediately.

Ignoring his fatigue, he deployed his Starry Spirit Domain, enveloping the region with his Dream World. When he saw who the two were, he immediately understood.

"Those cracked city cores, they weren't from failed upgrades at all, were they? They were you two."

Out from the shadows, two figures appeared.

One was very obviously Second Nova. It turned out that Leonel was right to believe that five Novas wouldn't be placed on a single continent, there was indeed a third here.

The second figure should be his partner, wrapped in mystery. However, the fogginess couldn't block Leonel's Dream World.

"Long time no see, Kira."