Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Kira was someone that Leonel had met long ago. She was actually the reason Little Blackstar had such great strength now. She was a bit quirky and silly, and Leonel found her to be actually quite adorable, but these could be considered to be less than ideal circumstances to meet though Leonel had already guessed that something like this would happen.

Back when the two of them had met in the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone, she had already told him that she couldn't become one of his generals because she was already tied to one of his cousins. Obviously, that cousin turned out to be Second Nova.

Leonel had been wondering about this for quite a while, though.

The Salvatine family that Kira came from should have exceptional power. After all, how could a normal family possibly gain the blood of a Void Beast?

It had to be remembered that Void Beasts were the most powerful and devastating creatures of the universe. The Spirituals were commonly known as the most powerful race, but that was only because Void Beasts were so few in number. It was hard to rank them among such powerhouses because many believed that they had long since been instinct.

For the Salvatine family to not only have such a large vial of their blood, but to even treat that blood like a gift to give a little girl who was only in the Fifth Dimension at the time, just how great did their power need to be?

But oddly enough, Leonel simply never heard a peep about the Salvatine family after entering the wider world of the Human Domain. He didn't hear of any of them in the Void Palace, they weren't on any leader boards, they didn't even appear for the gathering of powers that decided the rules of these Heir Wars either.

They seemed to have never existed at all, almost as though Kira had simply made up her name and that her family never existed to begin with.

This much was still acceptable. After all, the Human Domain was large and the Leonel of back then was quite weak. Who knew, maybe the Salvatine family wasn't nearly as strong as he had thought them to be and had just happened to run into the treasure of a Void Beast's corpse. In that case, Kira would likely have just been insane to casually give something like that out, but she was a bit of an airhead to begin with, so that was relatively easy for Leonel to accept.

However, the problem with that line of thinking was that Leonel had been to the Void Library. Not only had he been to that library, he had read everything within it. And yet, that library didn't have a single mention of the Salvatine family, not a small historical footnote, no family register, not a single mention or peep about them.

Leonel didn't understand why this was before, but he suddenly understood now.

When he looked at the shadowy figure that was Kira, it felt all so obvious. Kira wasn't human at all, she wasn't a beast, nor was she a Spiritual. She was actually a Demon.

The shadow seemed to tremble slightly and then pout when Leonel called her out, but she still didn't step out, nor did Leonel expect her to. She had already made her allegiances clear and Leonel didn't blame her for it. What was she supposed to do? Betray Auran despite the fact she had known him for her entire life while she had only met him for a brief instance? That didn't even make sense.

Kira's shadowy figure trembled once more and a pair of short sabers emitting dense black fog took form in her palms.

At the same time, Auran moved slightly and a similar pair of short sabers appeared in his own.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He didn't respond to Leonel's words, and if he was surprised by the fact that Leonel knew Kira, he didn't show it. However, his silence was more than proof enough to the likes of Leonel.

Many had taken all sorts of differing approaches to the Heir Wars, some targeted the ocean, some prepared beasts ahead of time, others plotted and schemed as they built up large factories of crafting treasures. But there was one very important thing that all of these people missed…

What good was all this preparation if your Heir died?

The moment an Heir died, it was all over. The run of that power and the territory behind it would be finished. It was that plain and simple.

During his tirade through the day side supercontinent, Leonel had run across many abandoned territories with cracked city cores. In fact, he had benefited from quite a few of them himself. He had originally thought that these territories had simply failed their upgrades as it was the most logical conclusion at the time, but seeing this now, it changed everything.

Clearly, Auran had a method of sneaking into a territory undetected. If Leonel was correct, he was probably testing out this method on weaker powers before he targeted the ones he really wanted to get rid of, but he had likely never expected for Leonel to clear the supercontinent and claim it for himself so quickly.

Even so, Auran had now perfected his method and as far as he was concerned, Leonel had only made his job easier. Now he would be able to head to the other continent and claim victory in these Heir Wars long before anyone could mount resistance.

Now, his target was to deal with Leonel.

Seeing the two prepared for battle, Leonel took a deep breath.

He had already sent everyone out on missions and though they returned to rest whenever they were fatigued, it wouldn't be all together. Plus, how useful would they be if they returned as fatigued as he currently was?

Wind surged toward Leonel from all sides, his lungs expanding as his heart pumping.

Suddenly, the two figures of Auran and Kira vanished.