Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Leonel's expression became one of unprecedented seriousness.

He couldn't seem to track the two without deploying his Starry Spirit Domain, even his Bow Domain eyes didn't work. But in this state, deploying his Starry Spirit Domain was quite the difficult task.

At the same time, he knew how powerful Kira was. Even back then, suppressed by the Dimensional Cleanse World, she had given him an exceptionally tough battle, and that was without having access to her Ability Index or Lineage Factor on top of that.

Auran's strength needed even less introduction. He was an Heir of the Morales family, and unlike Ramon, he seemed to be proficient in a weapon other than the spear, making his Spear Domain Lineage Factor quite useless in the grand scheme outside of, of course, the power it could give him.

This wasn't the only troublesome matter either. There was a very obvious and important question that he was ignoring in all of this.

How was it that Auran was related to a demon family? There were only really two explanations, one of which was decidedly worse than the other, and that was of course that Auran had demon blood running through his body.

This wasn't just a small, hand waved issue. Leonel had already learned from the current Patriarch of the Morales family that many of their Ancestors and the other talented among them had trouble controlling their tempers, and that was related to the demonic characteristics of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor.

Logically speaking, this was a flaw, and any sort of flaw in a Lineage Factor made it weaker than it should have been. If Auran was half demon, it was likely that this flaw in his body was almost negligible, making the amount of strength that he could pull from his Lineage Factor far more than what one would see from most other Morales family members.

Of course, no matter what advantage he had in this regard, it was impossible for him to match up to Leonel who had brought the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor the Eighth Dimension far ahead of time. But it still had to be considered that Leonel was still in the Sixth Dimension while Auran was already in the Seventh.

As the second eldest Morales, the Second Nova, Auran was already in Tier 3 of the Seventh Dimension.

Until now, Leonel hadn't cared much about Tiers because his talent so heavily suppressed everyone else. But if he was correct about Auran, then the advantage he had was far smaller, and that didn't even begin to mention Kira who was likely a full demon at Tier 1 of the Seventh Dimension.

Leonel had met the geniuses of other races in the Tribulation Zone of his Spear Domain Ring. Although he had defeated them, he didn't underestimate them for even a second. That was because during the Tribulation, much of the abilities they should have had were depressed and they were mostly forced into a confrontation of spears.

Kira could be considered to be the first full fledged genius of another race that he would meet.

Leonel's expression couldn't help but hold hints of solemnity. Finding a path to victory in this battle would be exceptionally difficult.

Suddenly, Leonel's pupils constricted as he took a strong step back.

A saber blade just barely nicked his chin, drawing a hot line of smoldering, crimson blood.

Leonel didn't hesitate, immediately erupted into his second tier Divine Armor and released all ten of his Stars. He crossed his spear body before his body, just barely stopping another two sabers from piercing through his body.

Leonel pivoted, blocked to his back and took another step back. His head weaved to the side and his spear shifted, thrusting out but hitting nothing but air.

The teamwork between Kira and Auran was immaculate. They seemed to still be probing him, but the pressure was immense. With the support of his Fifth Dimensional Divine Armor, his strength wasn't small by any extent. This was only further bolstered by Universal Force. However it was difficult to use strength if you couldn't apply it anywhere.

Their speed was fast, their attacks were unpredictable, and their strength was great. The worst part was that they had yet to use their full abilities while Leonel was already putting in quite some effort.

Leonel wasn't the only one unhappy about these turn of events. No one believed that Leonel would die to a fellow Morales, so if he fell here, that meant that they would lose their chance to kill him within the Heir Wars.

In an irony of ironies, Leonel and his enemies were actually currently on the same side.

'I can't let it continue like this,' Leonel thought. To his astonishment, though, Kira and Auron seemed to have read his intentions instantly.

Their attacks suddenly became more ferocious, their speed increasing. Both of them seemed to exude a corrosive sort of aura that tangled with his Vital Star Force and swallowed it up.

Leonel could vaguely recall this aura, only because when he had fought Kira previously, it was greatly suppressed. Now that he was feeling the full brunt of it, there was no doubt in his mind. This was Death Force.

This wasn't the first time Leonel had come across this Force, but for some reason it felt so much sharper and more savage now.

His Dream World couldn't seem to keep up with their vague forms, and it was at that moment that he realized that it was because the very fog that coated their bodies was corroding his Dream Force. How could he track them if his Starry Spirit Domain was collapsing in on itself?

Leonel shifted to the side, just barely moving out of the way of a saber, but at that moment one pierced into his shoulder blade, sliding through a sliver in his armor that wasn't even perceptible to the naked eye.

Pain shot through his body and he felt as though an entire side of him had gone limp. The corrosion was devastating and more potent than any poison.

Leonel gaze flashed and his Scarlet Star Force circulated through his body, incinerating the Death Force to ash.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

His mouth opened and he unleashed a roar, his Absolute Spear Domain roaring to life and shredding everything in his immediate surroundings to pieces.