Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Leonel took a breath and his gaze became frighteningly cold. At that moment, it was as though he had become a completely different person. His steps became calculated and measured, his spear strikes no longer feeling as wild and passionate.

A cold breeze passed by as he stomped on the ground hard, his city lord manor trembling.

His Starry Spirit Domain vanished as he dismissed it. In its place, his Starry Star Domain and Starry Light Domain manifested at once.

He took another step back. A saber came to a stop just before his forehead before it retracted.

He took a step to the side. A saber whizzed by his ear just as he brandished his own blade.

CLANG!

A shadowy figure took a step back and solidified for a moment before vanishing once more. However, Leonel still struck forward anyway, meeting resistance instantly.

CLANG!

Leonel weaved in and out of the two of them. He never moved more than he had to, his energy reserves being perfectly preserved. In fact, it even felt that he was somewhat recovering.

As time passed, Leonel entered less and less of a passive state. His Spear Force flourished, his Universal Force uplifting his body as he struck with stronger and stronger momentum.

The abyss of his eyes could only be described as frigid. He didn't see people, he saw objects. He didn't see spear strikes, he saw angles. He didn't see defeat, he only saw a path to victory, as though a practiced chess master, his every step forward seemed to drive his enemies further and further into a corner.

'93%...'

Leoenl's right foot swept back in a semi-circular arc, gliding along the floor as his hips swerved. A saber whistled by his neck. The distance was too close to use his spear, but that didn't stop him from using his fist. His spear vanished in a blink and his hip snapped back like an elastic band, his punching rocketing forward with it.

Leonel finally connected with something solid, his second tier armor billowing with violet steam as his [Star Fusion: King's Might] roared.

BANG!

A shadowy figure was sent flying, piercing through the air. However, just before they crashed into the walls of the city manor, they vanished.

Leonel was unmoved by the change. He had already moved again, his Void Star Force rippling as he swung his spear out in a wide arm. Everywhere it passed, strong ripples passed through the air, almost like watching a bullet compress the wind in slow motion.

Yet another figure was sent flying, a mouthful of blood flying through the air. Leonel was certain that this one was Kira, and the first had been Auran. They were actually so difficult to tell apart for him even now. Even so, Kira too vanished before crashing into anything.

Leonel exhaled a breath, his frigid gaze becoming even colder. A piercing headache was threatening to split his mind in two currently, but he couldn't seem to feel it at all, having activated Dream Sense.

He held his spear out, his heel slowly pivoting. Kira and Auran didn't appear for a long while.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

He narrowed his eyes, breathing slowly. But even after several minutes had passed by, they didn't appear again.

'They've left?'

Leonel made a show of relaxing slightly, but his heart was secretly on guard. For a pair of assassins like them, he wouldn't casually lower his guard. Although he had gained the upper hand while relying on his Ability Index, his mind felt like it was going to explode.

Simulating the two of them and their actions felt like the most difficult thing he had ever done, and he was certain they hadn't even been going all out.

'Did they only come to probe me? But this would be their best opportunity to get rid of me, why would they only come to probe me?'

Leonel's gaze narrowed. Something was odd here.

Of course, Kira's identity was a bit surprising to him. It had to be remembered that the Silver Empire had been destroyed because of their relation to demons, the fact that Auran had demon blood running through his veins as a Morales was shocking in and of itself, but to also have contact with the Demon Race as well? That was definitely a step beyond anything Leonel could have expected.

Leonel hadn't said anything about Kira's identity out loud because of this very reason. In addition, maybe only he could see through such a thing at a glance. He had not only seen demons personally, he had the sensory capabilities to see the true nature of a person's soul. Unless one had a higher Dream Force affinity than himself, or an extraordinary treasure, it was simply impossible for them to hide their true nature from him.

But what was their purpose, exactly?

…

·ƈθm "Big bro Auran, is that all?" Kira appeared. By this time, they were already far outside the limits of Leonel's territory, having already crossed a large distance through the ocean.

Kira was a bit indignant, it seemed she had wanted to fight some more. This was the second time she had lost to Leonel like that.

Auran showed a rare smile and laughed, rubbing Kira's head like she was still a little girl.

"He's worthy of being our Morales family's Heir, it was just a little test."

"You didn't even let me use 10% of my strength, though. That's not fair!"

Auran laughed harder. "You're in the Seventh Dimension, even if you won, would it be fair?"

Kira crossed her arms over her chest and pouted.

"You know my situation, I can't become the Heir of the Morales, I'll only cause them catastrophe. But before I exit stage left, I'll have to deal with another catastrophe first."

Auran's gaze turned cold, facing in the direction of Third Nova's territory.

He only had one goal here, and that was to deal with that third cousin of his.

…

At that moment, on the night side continent, Third Nova stood over the territory of Fourth Nova…

Sceio had suffered a crushing defeat.