

Leonel tapped a finger at the air again. At that moment, a wisp of blue appeared. In one moment, it seemed like a liquid, but then it became like a gaseous fog, sometimes like that fog was viscous, at other times it was as fleeting as the wind.

Leonel stared intently. He couldn't seem to decide on a form.

After a moment, he waved his hand and let it disperse. He realized after a few seconds that he didn't know nearly enough about Void Star Force to make such a decision, and by extension he likely didn't know enough about Vital Star Force either.

Although he understood what he had to do, taking the actual steps was too difficult. That said…

Leonel tapped the air and a flickering red gold flame appeared. However, he almost instantly understood that it was wrong.

The flickering flame changed, becoming more and more solid. In the blink of an eye, it went from the wisp of a flame to a solid rotating ball. Every time it rotated, an echo of destruction flew out in a wave. It felt far more powerful, but somehow not quite right either.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Leonel's gaze narrowed and suddenly the solid sphere became covered by a sea of flames, one state of solid and another of fire and gas, supplemented by a hidden layer of echoing silence. It didn't crackle, it didn't pop, a frightening sort of silence enveloped everything.

With a clench of his fist, the Scarlet Star Force became a spear. A solid rod formed beneath the raging flames. A blade formed with a glass-like consistency, one could see right through it. And yet, with just a tap to the ground, the foundation of the city lord manor seemed to be on the verge of collapsing entirely.

'So that means…'

Leonel grabbed at the air with another hand, a dark blue spear forming. However, it didn't seem quite right. It was then it suddenly clicked.

With a slight shift, the foundation of the dark blue Force became an amorphous blob, rotating like a blackhole. What was odd was that the center felt completely malleable. However, just before one reach the core, it was entirely solid, the suction force became so strong near it that everything, even the air itself, solidified.

If one had paid attention, it would have been clear that this was simply the inversion of what Leonel had done with his Scarlet Star Force and it suddenly slipped into place.

BANG!

Suddenly, Leonel's Void Star Force Stars and Scarlet Star Force Stars appeared on their own, their Runes rotating to life.

Leonel's irises began to glow, one with a fierce red gold glow, and the other with a fierce blue black. His hair fluttered, despite the fact he had only just entered Tier 8, his aura surged once again and he entered Tier 9. His aura seemed to want to soar past that, but there was simply nowhere to go.

His Force spilled over in waves, the city trembling again and again.

Leonel couldn't seem to hold back. He raised his head to the skies, unleashing a roar.I think you should take a look at

The waves of the ocean near his city rose like a tsunami. However, just when it seemed that it would swallow his city whole, it seemed to have crashed into an invisible dome. It was sent flying back with even greater speed, splitting the ocean tides into two to the point the barren bottom of the ocean could be seen for dozens of miles.

Leonel's palm flipped over as a spear appeared in his hand. The blade rod expanded and a menacing blade formed.

With a step through the air, Leonel appeared high in the skies, thrusting out his spear. His blade tip vanished and he seemed to have pierced out dozens of times in a single instant.

Leonel's stance shifted and his spear swung. A beautiful spear dance overwhelmed the skies. Every time Leonel moved, the clouds above would split, after several moments, a gorgeous pattern appeared within him.

The wind moved with his breath, space bent to his movements, time paused with his sight.

A complex Force Art continuously grew beneath his feet. It seemed to respond to his spear dance, forming gentle strokes with his soft movement and thick gauges with his powerful eruptions.

Leonel felt like a god upholding the skies. There didn't seem to be a division between the air he thrust through, the skies above and the earth below. Every time he attacked it was as though his blade covered everything in the plane, and soon the beautiful pattern appearing in the clouds above also began to form on the ground below.

The Morales watching this spear dance felt their spears hum. Those with the Spear Domain Lineage Factor couldn't even control themselves as their spear crowns appeared above their heads, their irises flickering with raging Spear Force that wanted to howl into the skies above.

Their hearts moved with Leonel's every swing, their breaths caught in their throats.

It had all clicked for Leonel at once. It was all connected. Indeed, the Life Grade had always been the guiding lamp. The moment he had thought that his Force Arts would be the secret to the next evolution of his spear, he had been correct. He just hadn't known what the foundation would be…

But now he knew.

Leonel's gaze sharpened as his spear pierced into the skies. His entire being moved as one, the clouds above and the ground below glowed, the Force Art beneath his feet suddenly expanding to the point that it dwarfed the city below it.

The spear howl seemed to be heard throughout the Human Domain, it tore through the canopy, forming the maw of a dragon as it soared, striking through the starry skies above.

It was the kind of strike that would be indelibly marked in the memories of all those who saw it. It was a statement bolder than arrogance, louder than words, timeless and ageless.

It was the strike of a new path of the spear.