Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Leonel's gaze shifted to the Force Art slowly shrinking beneath his feet. He realized that he probably had one more strike in him if he did so now, but it would only be about half as strong as the one just now.

'Depending on the situation in battle, I'll have to adjust that. Whether I grow more efficient at releasing it all at once, or hold back on the first strike so that I can have a second. Either way, I'll just have to keep those thoughts tucked in the back of my mind.'

Leonel subtly nodded to himself and stepped down from the skies.

In the past, he still had to rely on his Emulation Spatial Force to step into the air, but he could now do it on his own. Aside from those with flying Ability Indexes, he was probably the only one of the Sixth Dimension who could do this without relying on Force itself, but rather a comprehension of Force.

This, though, made it clearer to Leonel the kind of gap that existed between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions. He still remembered a time he could just barely battle against those of the Fifth Dimension when he was still in the Third. But now this small gap had actually caused him so much trouble.

From the Sixth Dimension onward, every step was fundamentally different and world changing.

Flying was an ability only those who used the God Path and had stepped into the Seventh Dimension could perform. There was something metaphysical that changed in a person's being.

Leonel had stepped into that realm just now relying on his comprehension, but others had undergone this change with their bodies. When this was put into perspective, the large gap between what seemed to be just a single step made much more sense.

On the ground, Radlis shook his head. He had just stepped out from a pod himself as these last two days had been really taxing for him, he didn't expect to see Leonel entering Tier 9 right before his eyes.

It had to be remembered that not even a year ago, he had witnessed Leonel going from Tier 1 to Tier 3 right before his eyes, and now he was already in Tier 9, right after he had already stepped into Tier 8.

It would be easier to accept if he had taken the Conventional Path, but this was very clearly not that. His aura was too powerful and his momentum was far too stifling. Radlis had never met anyone in the first Tiers of the Seventh Dimension with a stronger aura than Leonel.

By the time Leonel had landed, his light smile had vanished into the same cold expression he had carried for much of the Heir Wars. He could allow the time he had just wasted to go because he had exchanged it for more strength, but in general he didn't want to waste anymore time.

Now that he was in Tier 9, he had much more confidence. The only unfortunate part was that he didn't have the next layers of [Dimensional Cleanse].

To Leonel, the actual process of going through Tiers didn't necessitate [Dimensional Cleanse], but the breakthrough process did.

In addition, Leonel had yet to fully comprehend the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] either. He had done so for the Fifth Dimensional Layer, allowing him to pass it on to others, but he had yet to even actively practice the Sixth Dimensional Layer, let alone comprehend it.I think you should take a look at

He simply had too much to do and he was always busy. If not for his sharp comprehension, making it to Tier 9 in such a short time would have been nothing more than a good joke.

Leonel slotted this matter to the back of his mind. It seemed like just as he had with the Fifth Dimensional Layer, he would have to practice it last minute.

That said, that didn't mean that he had no idea of how he might proceed forward. After all, [Dimensional Cleanse] was clearly very closely tied with the Universal Cycle Comprehension and methods of the Cataclysm Zone.

This meant that the next step likely involved taking his Stars and crossing from the Heavenly Body Realm into the Natural Light Realm, then to enter the Seventh Dimension he would need to shatter them and enter the Cosmos Realm.

If that was the case, even if he wanted to, Leonel wouldn't be able to practice the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse], that was because he still hadn't gained enlightenment on the Natural Light Realm.

"Radlis, continue to monitor the situation on the night side continent. I'll provide the points. I want you to build a bride of outposts between the edge of our territory and the opposing shoreline. Use those outposts as your method of quickly returning here. I want a report every six hours. You can connect it right here…"

Leonel pointed out several things on the map and then relayed a few more orders. After he was done, he sent Radlis and the other members of the Umbra family away.

Outposts could only be set up such that some part of their range was within a range of territory you already owned, so Leonel had no choice but to waste the points needed to build an entire bridge across the ocean just for the sake of this convenience. But right now, information was extremely important to him.

In addition, given the fact that the outposts would be hidden under the ocean's tides, the likelihood of them being found was minimal, and even if they were found… So what?Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He really wanted to see who would dare to attack him casually right now.

Leonel's gaze flashed with a fierce light.

At that moment, several teleportation signals were received and flashes of light rippled out as those Leonel had sent out to clear the challenges and dungeons began to return.

Leonel nodded to himself. This timing was good. He would take the time to maximize the rewards they had gained first before heading out to hunt more Heir-Grade threats.