Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The first thing the others brought back was quite interesting. It was a water freezing reward.

It was exceptionally difficult to freeze salted water for obvious reasons and oceans in higher Dimensional worlds were even more resistant to such things. The Heir Wars planet had poles, but they weren't frozen over as one might expect, or more accurately, the waters that ran through it weren't. This wasn't only because the waters were salted, but also because the ocean of this world was akin to a very wide river, constantly moving about and "orbiting" the planet.

The freeze reward came from an Heir-Grade Dungeon, and it could be used in two ways.

The first was to build a bridge. If Leonel wanted to, he could build an ice bridge from his current territory to the other side of the ocean. This bridge would be exceptionally deep and thick, destroying it would be hundreds of times more difficult than breaking down the walls of an Heir-Grade city.

The second use case was to build an ice island. This island would be even more immutable and nigh indestructible. Though its range would obviously be much shorter than that of the ice bridge, it would still be about 10 kilometers in diameter. In addition, this ice island would come with its own city core, allowing one to build a territory upon it.

This city would be unique. Rather than receiving a hundred times reduction to one's territory, the reduction would only be 10 times. This meant if Leonel had a city transfer reward and displaced his city to the ice island, the 2000 kilometer range he had had that had been limited to 20 kilometers would become 200 kilometers instead.

This was quite an exceptional benefit. After all, Leonel had to spend 30 billion points previously to gain just 300 kilometers of range. He would gain two thirds of that essentially for free if he could get a transfer reward.

The width of the ocean was easily over 500 kilometers. It wrapped around the entire planet as well, so its length was easily over 3000 kilometers. Even so, this would go a long way. If Leonel could block out a section of the ocean with more than just outposts, the benefit would be exceptional and also stop others from encroaching without a willingness to bear arms.

Even so, Leonel set this matter aside for a small time.

The next reward was actually quite an excellent one. It was an Heir-Grade Protector, this was worth a great deal. An Heir-Grade Protector was worth easily 10 of just one of the soul constructs he had gathered until now. Even better than that, their defensive abilities were off the charts, so ultimately, their combat strength was better than just the estimate of 10 Leonel had. It would probably be able to deal with a fifth of the Heir-Grade Generals come the Heir-Grade upgrade challenge.

Leonel crushed the rewards and released it, allowing it to join the other lower grade protectors. Though they were invisible for now, when the time came they should be quite useful.

The next few rewards were miscellaneous, but useful nonetheless. This included an Heir-Grade city wall collapse reward, a territory expanding reward, and a Gold-Grade upgrade pass.

The territory expanding reward was especially interesting because it was Heir-Grade. It allowed one to expand their territory as though one already had an Heir-Grade city.

The territory of an Heir-Grade city was measured differently. The Gold-Grade had a limit of 2000 kilometers even after one exchanged points for more expansion. But an Heir-Grade territory encompassed a continent. Meaning, if Leonel used this reward, so long as there weren't the territories of others present, his territory would expand to engulf a continent.

The trouble with this, though, was that Leonel's goal was obviously the ocean and this reward wouldn't allow him to claim the entire ocean for obvious reasons. But as a reward from an ocean dungeon, there was obviously a provision for it to be used in this fashion.I think you should take a look at

This was when Leonel learned that the ocean was split into four seas according to this description, each sea taking up a fourth of its length.

According to the reward, if he attached this territory expansion to a "special ocean territory" he would be able to claim up to an entire sea for himself.

Leonel's gaze flickered when he read through this, that was because he had access to one such thing already, and that would be the ice island city. That said, there was a bit of a drawback.

He would only be able to claim half of a sea with a Gold-Grade city. In order to claim a whole sea, he would need an Heir-Grade territory.

Leonel fell into thought.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

He had access to more than enough cities now, although he didn't use them. There was his decoy city which he could upgrade now with his Gold-Grade upgrade pass. After that, he would only need to find one more city to trigger the Heir-Grade upgrade challenge.

But there were two major problems with this.

First, this would obviously make the Heir-Grade upgrade challenge three times more difficult, and he was still accumulating to challenge even the base level challenge. Unfortunately, he was still an enormous amount of points away from being able to afford it, and he was constantly spending points now, the bride of outposts just being one matter.

The second issue was that challenging with a special ocean territory meant that he would have to deal with oceanic beasts instead of land beasts. They would be a huge headache for obvious reasons, and his formation wasn't here to support him.

However… Claiming an entire city was a huge deal…

That was especially since this reward didn't say anything about being limited by the territories of others. That likely meant that even if there was someone encroaching on his sea right this moment, they would be kicked out.

This was a huge deal.

Leonel fell into silence.