Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Little Tolly snaked out from around Leonel's wrist, spreading into the skies.

This little one had been noticed by everyone long ago. But it only now seemed to click that Leonel didn't have the slightest protection on his body. He came into direct contact with Little Tolly without the slightest worry, his synergy with his Metal Spirit was as high as it could be.

But what was maybe even more shocking than this was the fact Little Tolly was still only in the Fifth Dimension. What was Leonel planning to do with such a weak Metal Spirit?

They had seen Leonel use Little Tolly before, but back then Leonel was only bending a metal alloy into shape, and that metal wasn't necessarily designed to be hard and sturdy, it was only created for the sake of facilitating his Dream World. But now…

Leonel's gaze flashed. He didn't even seem intent on using a workbench.

In his mind, several blueprints flashed and then vanished before flashing once again. He refined, shattered and then rebuilt.

Leonel tapped at the air as Little Tolly circled his neck before rising high into the skies. At that moment, the grid of his Emulation Spatial Force appeared once again. Quickly, Leonel's settled upon design began to appear.

It was in the shape of an odd winged armor. There was a strong spine that ran down the back and looked like a sapphire blue set of spinal bones locked into one another. Each ended in a menacing blade, and despite the fact it was just a projection, the sharpness seemed to tear into the eyes of those watching.

After a moment of astonishment, it suddenly clicked. This sort of armor wasn't for humans, it was for the stingrays.

Their eyes couldn't help but open wide. That was impossible.

Setting aside the fact creating an armor you weren't used to was an almost impossible task, doing so for a million existence was an endeavor that should have taken years of effort. Even if you sped it up, it should take months.

Even if you completed an armor a second, completing a million of them would take over a week, nearing two, let alone the fact it would take several hours to complete just one. Even if you managed to complete one an hour, a pace that could only be said to be blazing, it would take over a century!

They couldn't fathom what Leonel was trying to do. Even if he had a method to speed up these time tables by several factors, several months would still be an overly exaggerated estimate. But even then, several months might be enough time for the entire Heir Wars to come to an end.

At that point, should Leonel have a better go-to than this? Unless… This was really all he had.

The Morales Ancestors could only sigh. Leonel had truly done quite excellently until now, but much more couldn't be asked of him. If he was in the Seventh Dimension, the winner seemed to be clear to them already. But even though he was in Tier 9 now, even if it was adjusted for his insane speed, several months would be an outrageous estimate for how fast he could enter the Seventh Dimension. Most were stuck for decades to even centuries at this step, even the Cataclysm Generation geniuses were stuck for at least five to seven years on average at that step.

However, right then… Leonel began to move.

His arms flared out and his hands trembled once. A golden glow formed a layer of his hands before separating. Right then, a perfect replica of Leonel's hands appeared in the air beside his reals once. Then there was a second glow, then a third.I think you should take a look at

In the blink of an eye, 999 pairs of hands appeared in the skies, with Leonel's own making exactly 1000.

"You can handle it right, little guy?"

*Bloop*Bloop

Little Tolly's body shuddered once before a raging torrent formed. The skies seemed to be blotted out by a silvery tsunami, casting a shadow over a large swath of the city.

Leonel grinned. Little Tolly might still be in the Fifth Dimension, but it was only ever fed the highest quality materials. Its foundation was incredibly solid and the only reason it hadn't entered the Sixth Dimension was because Leonel was still trying to find a Force Eruption to allow it the perfect evolution.

Metal Spirits were exceptionally dangerous existences, they could even swallow planets if they were allowed to rampage unchecked. There was a reason Leonel's casual actions around it were seen as so shocking. And now… Leonel had fully unleashed it.

Little Tolly could already break into dozens of pieces back when Leonel was still in the Third Dimension, but now, even breaking into a thousand wasn't a problem.

Leonel's gaze glowed and countless ores appeared in the air. He had traded for so many with his points until now that he hadn't even used up a tenth of what he had in reserve. He had more than he knew what to do with, and they were about to be of great use.

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Leonel's thousand pair of hands flexed just once and as though striking down toward the keys of a piano, they shattered the sound barrier on the way down, a roar that echoed across the continent and through the oceans rising in a torrent.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Little Tolly's countless pieces surged forward, its processing speed under Leonel's control immaculate.

A heartfelt silence reigned. It felt as though there was simply nothing else to say. Seeing Leonel's skill for the first time, Cynthia's expression changed for the first time, her heart skipping a beat.

They had all seen Leonel breakthrough in Emulation Spatial Force together. This meant that Leonel had only just gained the skill to use several pairs of hands like this so seamlessly. And yet… And yet he was not only skilled enough to execute such a thing, but he was also doing so with such confidence.

How much self assurance must one have to try something you had never done before with your Fate on the line before the eyes of trillions?

It was then that she realized the scariest thing about Leonel wasn't his lineage, nor was it his talent…