Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel heavily crashed into the ground, but his eyes never left that faint light beyond the crack in the wall.

'Domain Ore!'

Leonel breathed out a hot breath.

Normal ores could only contain their special properties within the walls of their bodies. Whether it was Elemental Vein or Vessel Ores, there was no way for them to show off their might outside the actual materials they were formed out of.

However, Domain Ores were different. Not only did they have special properties, but it was also able to project those special properties into the outside world. This manifested as an 'aura' that could send even Leonel flying.

In truth, the Runes of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor also had this effect. Once one opens the ninth door, one would gain the Force Halo Runes. These runes manifested a Domain that asserted an air of dominance. It was due to releasing a bit of that dominance that Leonel could suppress Two's ability. There were also other applications of it like forming a Gravity Domain as well. Though, in Leonel's current state, he wouldn't be able to activate it for long.

This Domain Ore Leonel had stumbled upon had roared, sending Leonel flying. There was no doubt it was exceptionally powerful.

The highest grade ore Leonel had found to this point was a Tier Seven Black Ore — the Second Strike Ore. Ores like the Evolution Ore and the Urbe Ore were considered unranked.

This was already a great boon for Leonel. However, for this ore to be so powerful even through such a small crack… It was at the very least of the Tier Eight Black Grade.

The other ores couldn't really harm Leonel. As long as he was careful, with how high his affinity for metals were, he wouldn't receive any backlash. But, clearly, Domain Ores were different. They were among the most dangerous ores to gather.

Leonel took a deep breath and stood, walking toward the crack again.

This time, he released his Lineage Factor fully. He could feel his blood seething as thrown his entire body had been through into a furnace.

Beautiful bronze Runes appeared across his body, forming a crown on his forehead and soon… even forming a halo above his head.

Gusts of winds kicked up around him as the bright lights of the Domain Ore dimmed. It was as though it sensed a threat looming over it, so it retreated as quickly as it appeared.

Leonel was quite shocked by this outcome. He had thought it would be more difficult. But, he wasn't complaining. Though he found the violet lights around his body now to be quite beautiful, he didn't think it was out of the norm. At the end of it all, he was still a bit in the dark about such things.

Soon, the ore was exposed completely, baring its full nature for Leonel.

'As expected, it's a Soul Type Domain Ore…' FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Leonel shuddered. If his mind hadn't been reinforced by his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, he would have suffered far more.

This Domain Ore was another favorite of mages. Leonel didn't know much about that world, truth be told. All he knew was that this was a top class material for crafting wands and staffs of the like. It could amplify Soul Force attacks.

Leonel had been correct. This was a Tier Eight Black Grade ore known as Howling Tiger Ore.

'It's a shame that it's an attack type Soul Domain Ore, or else it would amplify that treasure by several levels…'

Leonel took a deep breath and carefully put the ore away. He no longer dared to be as absentminded as he was before. And, he also realized now that these gains weren't a joke either.

If any of these ores appeared in a knowledgeable world, who knew how many would fight for them? Leonel found it shocking that the Slayer Legion would treat this place so casually. Was it that they didn't know? Or were they that negligent?

In the end, Leonel had to admit he had a striking advantage. How many treasures were as good as his dictionary at finding these deposits?

But, at the same time, he affirmed to himself to keep these gains a secret. Even though he didn't feel bad stealing from the Slayer Legion like this — after all, he would be saving so many of their young geniuses very soon — there was no need to tell them anything about it.

'I've spent a lot of time here, the Core should almost be matured… I should head back.'

Unfortunately, Leonel didn't find anymore Evolution Ores, nor did he find another garden like he had earlier. It seemed that garden was a one off rarity.

As Leonel walked back, he clutched a pound of Urbe Ore in his palm. If one looked closely, it was possible to see the greyish black ore losing luster as though something of its was being taken away. Of course, this was Leonel using his absorption ability.

According to his father, to lay the best foundation, he had to first absorb as much Urbe Ore as he could. He wasn't allowed to absorb any other kinds of ores until his body was saturated with Urbe Essence. Only in this way could his body withstand the formation of a powerful Divine Armor.

Luckily, Leonel had found large deposits of Urbe Ore dotted across this hive. He could even be considered part of the nouveau riche since it was the world's universal currency.

As Leonel was on his way back, he casually paid attention to the dictionary. He hadn't expected to actually detect anything. After all, he had already been through this passage once, he was only making his way back. But, unexpectedly, there was actually a reading.

Leonel raised his brows. 'Are you crapping out on me? Why didn't you detect it the first time…'

Though Leonel thought this to himself, he still made his way to where the dictionary mentioned. But, oddly enough, the signal disappeared.

'… Huh? Did it really crap out?'

Leonel frowned, his Internal Sight blooming forth and blanketing the general direction. But… he sensed nothing.

'Huh…?'

At that moment, Leonel suddenly felt like his Internal Sight had been cut off, as though he lost a portion of himself for a moment. It was an incredibly surreal feeling, as though he was standing in two different worlds at the same time.

In that very instant, Leonel understood exactly what it was he had found. He was too intelligent and his foundational knowledge of all things related to Force Crafting was too profound. After all, he didn't want to lose out to his detestable old man.

It was another Domain Ore. But, this one… The Howling Tiger Ore couldn't even shine the shoes of…

'Warping Domain Ore…'

Warping Domain Ore. It was a Quasi Bronze Grade Ore. However, what truly made it special wasn't its grade, though this alone was enough to make many go crazy. After all, an ore was capable of forming treasures many grades above its own should the Force Crafter be skilled enough.

No, the reason this ore was so valuable was because it was of an exceptionally rare family. Just like Howling Tiger Ore was of the Soul Type, Warping Ore was of the Spatial Type!

Warping Ore had the ability to create an independent space. Its defensive abilities were infuriating. It could make a single step feel like an entire mile.

'If I combine this into my Divine Armor…'

Leonel's heartbeat quickened.