Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2015  Could it be...?

If he wanted to take this route, he would need three things. The first were more city upgrade passes, the second were more unique ocean territories, and the last were territory size upgrade rewards.

The second was more important than the former. If it came down to it, he could just force upgrades on his own. After passing this Heir-Grade upgrade, he had more points than he even knew what to do with.

Each Gold-Grade threat was worth 10 000 points, and there had been 300 million of them. That meant that just from them, not even counting the 300 Heir-Grade Generals, Leonel had 3 trillion points.

Of course, not knowing what to spend his points on was a function of not having checked what he had access to now that he owned an Heir-Grade territory. Even if he had only passed a normal upgrade challenge, it would have still been at least a trillion points. Leonel doubted that Ancestor Hito would just provide enough points for it to be next to useless.

Even so, if it came down to it, Leonel could afford several Heir-Grade upgrade challenges now if it came down to it, so the unique ocean territories that he could pair with unique territory size upgrade rewards were far more valuable to him.

The first thing Leonel did after making his decision was to check through the rewards that the others had accumulated while he was Crafting and after he had fallen asleep. Unfortunately, there were no other unique ocean territories in them, but there were many Gold-Grade city upgrade passes, four of them to be exact, and there was one territory size upgrade reward.

It seemed that special territories were rarer than Leonel had originally thought, but then again, after the first few days, all of the Heir-Grade dungeons had already been cleared, so the others had no choice but to focus on the other lower grade Dungeons. Now, however…

'It seems that we need to make another push.'

Leonel nodded to himself. The others should have already sensed the changes. Once they knew the locations of the other resources, claiming them would be exceptionally easy. As soon as they found a unique ocean territory reward, Leonel would be able to go about claiming a second sea as quickly as possible.

…

As Leonel was lost in his thoughts, quickly planning out the next steps, the uproar of the Human Domain hadn't simmered down in the slightest, and that was because of only one thing: Leonel's Crafts.

This wasn't about the Life Grade anymore, it was rather about the value of Leonel's Crafts, they were beyond a normal Life Grade treasure and this was plain as day for all to see. When it had settled in what Leonel's Crafts could do, the entire Human Domain was shaken. This was for a very simple reason… The only organization that had a Craft even close to this was Shield Cross Stars!

However, even Shield Cross Stars' was wholly inferior. That was Leonel's Craft now, it felt like nothing more than a joke.

Cross Elder Avan's expression was as ripe as a tomato. He, himself, because Leonel's could be used both offensively and defensively. At the same time, it could be used by 10 people simultaneously. In comparison, Shield Cross Stars' Craft could only be used defensively as it was a shield. To make matters worse, it could only be used by three people simultaneously, limiting its power.

Despite how inferior it was, this unique Craft of Shield Cross Stars had been a staple of their power for countless generations and the secret to its Crafting was one of their top tier secrets. There was no doubt that it was the subject of jealousy for many, but seeing Leonel's Craft now, it felt like nothing more than a joke.

Cross Elder Avan's expression was as ripe as a tomato. He, himself, didn't know anything about Crafting, but he had enough life experience to understand what he was seeing. However, it was also because of his lack of perspective that he also believed that Leonel must have a method of forming this armor for humans as well.

If this technology was in the hands of the Morales family who were already so powerful… just what would happen?

This might restrict those with the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor as they were already used to wearing their own Divine Armor into battle, but a large half of the Morales family only had the Spear Domain Lineage Factor and garbed themselves with normal armors. What if all the Spear Domain Lineage Factor Morales members were given armors like the ones Leonel had just given the stingrays?

Would it even be possible to defeat the Morales?

The words of Leonel couldn't help but echo in their ears.

They had felt that Leonel was far too reckless. Even if he was confident in striking down his peers, what about the retaliation of the powers behind them, why was he so confident? Did he really believe that the Morales family was infallible?

Everything Leonel did seemed to paint the picture that he was meticulous and scheming, he wasn't the type of person to make such foolish mistakes. But now matter how they racked their brains, they felt that he was far too reckless…

Until now.

Leonel wasn't provoking them all, waiting to run behind the shadow of the Morales family and their protection. In fact, judging by his personality, he might very well be waiting for this war. In fact, he might even want this war. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

They shuddered when they reached this point in their thoughts, their blood running cold.

Why did Leonel struggle so much against the Gold-Grade upgrade challenge if he had such a trump card in hand? It seemed that he didn't even think about bringing it out until he really had no other options left, as though he was unwilling to display it unless he absolutely had to…

Could it be that he had many such trump cards? Could it be that his vision was never set on the Heir Wars to begin with because he had always felt that his victory was guaranteed? Could it be that, from the very beginning…

He was only using these Heir Wars among juniors to declare war on the entire Human Domain…?