Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2016  Enough

Ancestor Alvaro laughed uproariously. He laughed so hard that even the stars in the distance seemed to twinkle under the wild vibrations. He laughed so hard that he even began to cough and wheeze. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Damn, I'm too old for this."

Despite saying this, he couldn't stop laughing at all. He knew that this change only put more pressure on the Morales family, but the pressure had gone from all the powers of the Human Domain to… all the powers of the Human Domain.

This was the problem with putting all your cards on the table at once. How could they threaten them more than they already had? It was even amusing seeing their expression change like this, Ancestor Alvaro and the others were having the time of their lives.

The best part was that Leonel had Crafted it before them all, for a solid three days, repeating the same steps again and again and again, for a total of a million times… And they still didn't understand what the hell was going on right before them.

It was clear the gap between where Leonel was and where the rest of the Human Domain was was so wide that it was unfathomable.

To put this matter into perspective, more Life Grade Crafters would be so secretive with their blueprints that they wouldn't even allow others to see them, even their own children weren't allowed such a privilege. While they were Crafting, the entire region was locked down and they would even often ask those who had commissioned for the treasure to bring far more materials than they would need just to keep the true materials list a secret.

After such Life Grade Crafters passed on, it was only then that their Crafts would be passed down to others in their family, but even then only the highest echelon would be able to lay their eyes on it, while the younger generation would have to provide a great deal of merits just for the sliver of a chance. Usually, unless you rose to the level of an Ancestor, you could forget it.

Even Cynthia, who was a great genius and could have benefited greatly from seeing a Life Grade blueprint ahead of time while she was still in the Gold Grade, wasn't given such a privilege until she was well into the Seventh Dimension. Back then, she had already surpassed Tier 6, she wouldn't have even been allowed to participate in these Heir Wars back then.

If the Human Domain wasn't so strict with Life Grade blueprints, there would probably be more Life Grade Crafters than just the few hundred there were, but this was just how things were…

Or more accurately, this was how the Force Crafting Guild had made things.

Whether it was Force Crafting or Force Pill Crafting, both had the same issues, and both happened to be overseen by the Omann family.

The Morales family had never needed the Omann family for Force Crafting, but their rules surrounding Force Pill Crafting had caused no small amount of issues.

Luckily, the Morales family could absorb ores to strengthen themselves and they were less reliant on Force Pills compared to other families. However, even so, only half of them had this benefit.

It could only be said that the history of the Omann and Morales family was quite long and contentious, but what was important here was Leonel and his Craft…

Cross Elder Avan might not understand, but how could these Crafters not?

Not only had Leonel forged a Life Grade treasure as a Sixth Dimensional junior, he had also begun to forge again on a Force Crafting language they had simply never seen before, one so complex they couldn't even understand it.

By this point, more than half of the best geniuses of the Human Domain had already been kicked out. Being forced to watch Leonel, the one who had threatened them all, shine like this, they could only grind their teeth.

After the Amethyst Token drama of over 20 years ago, many of them had a faint recollection of Leonel in their minds. But after he didn't appear for so long, many thought he had died and didn't bother to care about him any longer. As for when he actually came back, they cared even less. How could they think that Leonel could bridge a gap of 20 years? They didn't even consider it…

But then Leonel crushed Conon while he was still in the first Tier.

However, they then broke through to the Seventh Dimension and they felt that they had left him far behind once again…

Only to realize that that gap had never meant much to Leonel in the first place.

The reality was slowly starting to sink in… if they hadn't been given an over 20 year head start, they wouldn't even have the right to stand on the same stage as him.

The uproar of the Human Domain slowly faded into a solemn silence, the presence of a single young man looming tall and imposing.

…

Leonel sensed a fragrant wind approaching and he turned to find that Aina had already appeared to his side. Without a word, he handed her yet another spatial ring. This one held the corpses of 300 Heir-Grade Generals.

She looked within and her brows raised. It was a lovely sort of blaming expression that looked more cute than it did intimidating. Clearly, she was unhappy with Leonel for challenging the Heir-Grade upgrade while they weren't even here. The other upgrades had been one matter, but this one was quite reckless.

Leonel only smiled lightly, something that he had done rarely in recent days.

"What's the ETA?" Aina asked.

"I've decided to conquer and corner off the rest of the ocean first as a defensive play. We'll need more special ocean territories and territory expansion rewards. If things happen as fast as I want them to, we'll launch the final march to end this one week from now."

"Mm, it's enough time," Aina said lightly.

Leonel nodded and Aina flickered and vanished.