Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2018  An Alliance

With the remaining more than two trillion, Leonel upgrade the domain to the greatest setting her could, gaining over a kilometer in range and quite a bit in strength. After this, he decisively left, his body vanishing.

When he appeared again through a teleportation platform, he was within the territory he had left to Maia to manage. As expected of the Cloud Race, from the outside, it was simply impossible to tell that there was something wrong at all. They all moved and acted just like the Taur family would have, something that left the Ancestors of the constellation family quite enraged, but there was little to nothing that they could do about it.

After handing Maia a spatial ring, Leonel vanished once again and returned to his main territory.

It had already been over three days since his last report from the Umbra family, but just as he had asked of them, they returned quite frequently to give him reports. The more Leonel learned of the situation, the more certain he was that someone, most likely Second Nova, was stirring up a great deal of conflict.

The first instance was Sixth Nova falling seemingly without warning. This left a vast and open territory that everyone immediately took advantage of. However, because Third Nova had been preoccupied with expelling Fourth Nova, he missed the boat, resulting in him falling behind the others.

This felt like a coincidence on the surface, but Leonel was quite certain that this coincidence was actually a perfectly timed scheme with excellent execution. It was just unfortunate that Sixth Nova had to be the one to suffer. With Fifth Nova, Sixth Nova and Fourth Nova all gone and dealt with, there were only four Heirs of the Morales family remaining, and only three of which, including Leonel, who had any real territory.

As expected, Third Nova wasn't very happy about this change at all. It felt like his lead was being swallowed up, so he couldn't remain idle for long.

Not long after that moment, he became the "first" to enter the Gold Grade, and while the others were scrambling to lock down and ensure others couldn't snatch their new territory, he swallowed up all of Fourth Nova's old territory for him.

Due to this, Third Nova was able to make up for his slight slip and he began making a big push toward the Heir-Grade.

However, this was when the details of an explosive battle was relayed, and surprisingly, this time it had little to do with Morales family. For some reason, this huge clash came between the Suiard family and the Spiritual Faith.

Leonel couldn't help but narrow his gaze when he read about this information. That was because he was still wondering about what danger Third Nova possessed and whether or not he truly had a connection with the Suiard family or not. Obviously, Leonel felt that observing the Suiard family was one of the best ways to gain an understanding of what might be going on.

For the Suiard family, who had mostly remained silent since the start of these Heir Wars, to suddenly get into a conflict with yet another power that hadn't done much since the start of the Heir Wars, felt… off. It was almost like they were putting on a play for others.

But it was also because it was so obvious and blatant that Leonel felt that it was a bit ridiculous on its face. If they wanted to scheme, shouldn't they come up with a more clever method?

The Spiritual Faith was probably a thorn at the side of many of the most powerful powers of the Human Domain. How could the likes of Shield Cross Stars and the Void Palace be okay with a religion that so blatantly worshipped another Race?

In truth, the Spiritual Race was so powerful that they very rarely took the initiative to attack anyone. Even if the Human Domain faced danger from other races in the future, the odds that this threat would come from the Spiritual Race was minimal.

Even so, no one had to think to answer what the Spiritual Faith would do if the day came that the Spirituals did have such ill intentions. Just like that, one of the most powerful forces of the Human Domain would defect without a second thought.

The Zoltene Faith was similar as they worshipped the Nomad Race. Leonel had already personally been to one of their shrines, these people had little regard for the Human Race despite being human themselves.

Leonel felt that there was a secret to this matter. Despite the fact he had improved so much and seen so much of the Human Domain by now, he had still yet to meet one of these so-called "Gods".

The Evergreen Goddess, The Zoltene God, the Spirituals God, he had always thought that they were real people, his father's dictionary had made it clear that this was the case. So where were they? How could such individuals not participate in something that had captured the attention of the entire Human Domain?

These thoughts had always been swirling around in the back of Leonel's mind, which was why when he heard about this battle that made little to no sense, his antennas were immediately placed in an upward position. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

However, what baffled Leonel even more was the truth behind all of this.

After a lot of scouting, and even the use of many strategically placed Cloud Race members, Radliscame back with information that left Leonel speechless.

It turned out that Amery, the so-called Sword Deity, was betrothed to the Heir of the Spirituals Faith. Or, more accurately, the future Lady Pontiff of the Faith.

For whatever reason, both parties were quite opposed to this marriage and they could only be described to be at loggerheads. This dislike of one another reached the point that they even fought on this sort of stage.

However, after a battle that lasted the better part of a day and spread like wildfire, it settled down without a victor and there were even clear signs of both parties freely entering and exiting their adjacent territories.

Even without it being described in so many words, the conclusion was obvious…

An Alliance.