Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2019  Only...

Leonel didn't even frown at this realization, his expression indifferent. He always moved with the worst case scenario in mind. He already imagined that these Heir Wars would end with him facing off against many enemies at once. Whether they teamed up now or later made no difference to him.

What he cared about more were the implications. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It seemed that the Spirituals were uncaring about most of what happened in the universe. This was something he had become greatly aware of after reading the records of the Void Palace. There were many instances of other races attacking the Human Domain through the Void Battlefield, but none of the Spiritual Race doing so.

Even if a family had an alliance with the Spiritual Faith, it wouldn't be seen as a red flag to most.

One also had to consider the stance the Human Domain had toward other races as well. Compared to the greater universe, the Human Domain was fairly lax with other races. Or, at the very least, there was no systematic movement to get rid of them.

The Oryx could thrive just fine while the likes of Yuri were even allowed to enter the Void Palace. This made it clear that the Human Domain didn't usually act against other races.

However, the problem of Third Nova was making Leonel second and third guess this matter. Another interesting matter also happened to be the Suiard family's Lineage Factor.

Much like the Morales family, the Suiard family had two Lineage Factors, not one like most other families. This was why they were seen to be on par with the Morales, they had the strength to back up such thoughts.

The Suiard family had the Sword Domain Lineage as well as the Blazing Devil Lineage Factor.

Oddly enough, Leonel felt that the Suiard family was quite a bit like the Morales in this regard as well. Their Lineage Factor was very demon-like, maybe even more so than the Morales. Leonel could still remember how Amery's eyes had reddened that day the second time they fought. In the end, he was forced to suppress himself so that his Tribulation didn't erupt ahead of time.

From Leonel's understanding, their Lineage Factor similarly strengthened their bodies. Aside from that, it gave them great affinity with Dark Force in addition to having several other auxiliary benefits that wouldn't have been listed in the Void Library. These would account for techniques similar to Metal Body and Divine Armor.

Leonel would have no way of knowing the true details until he forced them out of Amery, then there would likely also be his Ability Index to deal with.

Whether it was the first or second encounter they had had, Leonel knew that he had never fought Amery's best. The first time he had been suppressed by the Vital Star Force, and the second time he had been suppressed by his Tribulation.

Regardless of how you looked at it, he would be a powerful opponent, and unlike with Nazag, Leonel couldn't directly strip away one of his strongest abilities. However, also unlike Nazag, Leonel had a great will to crush Amery in the worst way possible.

At that moment, Leonel suddenly thought of something and his gaze narrowed. He sent a message to Radlis after a while and threw the thought to the back of his mind as he continued through the events.

After the Suiard and Spiritual Faith clearly allied, they once again fell into dormancy, doing nothing much more.

However, not long after that, First Nova and Third Nova had their first clash. This clash occurred in the open waters, but for an unknown reason, it didn't continue to a point of no return and they both retreated without any results.

Of course, this was actually a clash between Vega and some of Third Nova's subordinates rather than First and Third Nova themselves. But Radlis had still added this to the report as Leonel had asked for everything of significance.

Following this, Third Nova clashed with the Ram family. However, just when it seemed that he would claim victory, he suddenly retreated, rushing back to his territory to find that his city walls had fallen.

Leonel felt that, once again, Second Nova had struck. But what he didn't know was how Second Nova had managed to do this without detection to a Gold-Grade territory. He could only speculate that Second Nova had taken some time to clear dungeons and claimed a Gold-Grade version of the Silver-Grade wall, destroying rewards he had previously gained.

There was no easy way to rebuild the walls after they had been destroyed. The only methods were to rebuild it by hand, to find a reward that could replace them, or to undergo an upgrade challenge. But taking on the Heir-Grade challenge without walls was nothing short of suicidal.

Third Nova was thwarted again and he seemed to be in a bad situation. After investing so much into a Gold-Grade territory, he couldn't just abandon it. And, he had yet to gather enough points to take on the Heir-Grade challenge even if he wanted to take the risk.

Without a choice, Third Nova could only set aside his ideas of conquest and began to accumulate. He dispersed his subordinates with the goal of claiming and clearing as many challenges and dungeons as was possible.

When Leonel got to this point, his eyes narrowed.

As expected, there was a clash. No, more accurately, there was a speculated clash. The Umbra family didn't manage to get eyes on it, all they could do was speculate.

Leonel's heart skipped a beat.

To him, it was obvious. Second Nova had diverted Third Nova's attention, giving him no choice but to spread out his army and give up his greatest advantage: numbers. Then, Kira and Second Nova could take Third Nova on without the disadvantage.

However…

…

Out in Morales family's flagship, the sound of a crying woman echoed. Kira's tears fell like a torrential storm, holding Auran who was continuously coughing up black blood.

Ancestor Hito opened his eyes and frowned, an expression that even the Ancestors of the Morales had never seen from him.

"He's been poisoned. I have no method of dispelling it, this is only something that the Omann family can cure."