Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2020  Poison

Not many had seen the battle between Third Nova and Second Nova. It could even be said that the latter had wanted it this way. He attacked right when it seemed that Third Nova was about to enter a state of slow expansion.

After watching the Heir Wars for many days already, the novelty had worn off and many were entirely focused on whichever region had the most action. As such, quite a few had no idea who had even injured Second Nova to begin with, even the Morales Ancestors were quite clueless.

Since poison was used, the immediate assumption was the Pyius family, and Auran and Kira did nothing to refute this. For whatever reason, they didn't want to describe what had happened and maybe that was always the plan.

Despite Kira's crying, Auran couldn't seem to hear or feel anything but a spine tingling pain. He looked up toward the starry skies, his lips pressed into a line. Maybe he had never thought that things would end like this.

Ancestor Hito was indeed correct. Maybe only the Omann family would have a method of dealing with this. While the Pyius family worked with poisons, their methods weren't conventional. As they relied on their Unique Force and its manipulation, they didn't concoct poisons and create antidotes like many other poison masters. Instead of this, they trained their Poison Force to be able to do the work of creation and immunity itself.

The trouble with this approach, though, was that while Pyius family members could purge themselves and one another from poison, it was impossible for them to use this method on others. Trying to use Poison Force on someone without Poison Force affinity to dispel poison was like pouring oil onto an already burning fire.

Even if the Pyius family had been the ones to poison Auran, their help was next to useless in this regard. The only one that could help would be the Omann family and their Force Pill Crafters.

The Omann family was the only family with the skill to dispel such a high level poison. In fact, they would probably need one of their best Gold-Grade Force Pill Crafters to do the job as well, a normal Force Pill Crafter would have no chance. That was Ancestor Hito's observation and they understood it intimately.

Kira wanted to immediately get up and beg the Omann family if she had to, but before she could even stand to her feet, she felt a strong grip on her wrist, a grip firmer than anything Auran should have been able to muster given his current state, and yet he had found the strength.

"The Morales family doesn't know weakness." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Auran continued to stare into the skies, his expression blank and his lips once again pressing into a thin line. His grip on Kira's wrist didn't weaken, and it even seemed to tighten as time went on. It was as though he knew that he was growing weaker so he tried his best to compensate.

Kira writhed and struggled. "I'm not a Morales! Let me go!"

However, Auran didn't seem to hear her, his eyes slowly closing. He took deep and steady breaths, breaths steadier than anyone would have expected of him at this moment. He seemed to be at peace, his vice grip holding onto Kira firmly.

'A Solvatine doesn't show weakness either.'

The words entered Kira's ears and she shuddered, her tears falling even faster.

The Morales Ancestors watched with dark expressions. Auran had already made his stance quite clear, they would only be slapping his face if they asked for help now. They didn't know how long Auran would last for, but it likely wouldn't be very much time. Any poison with such potent effects couldn't possibly take too long to deal with a Seventh Dimensional existence.

"Who did this to you?" Ancestor Alvaro asked, his gaze red with fury.

He didn't look toward the Omann family even once. He knew if he did he would lose himself to rage and begin this war even before the Heir Wars ended.

In the history of the Heir Wars, no Morales had ever died, not since their no killing rule had been established. It was an event that was supposed to promote harmony and healthy competition, not bloodshed.

It was these people who had forced this event to be this way, it was they who had demanded bloodshed, it was they who wanted to enter for a chance to take Leonel's head, it was they who wanted to knock the Morales down a peg, they who let their greed guide their judgment.

He could imagine their snide sneers and upturned noses. They might very well have a Force Pill that could save Auran's life right this moment in any one of their rings, but they would never step forward to give it over.

Just thinking about it infuriated Ancestor Alvaro to the point he enough to infuriate the Morales Ancestors beyond compare. They should have had seven shining beacons into the future, but now it trembled.

This was one of their best generations yet. Just the loss of one was enough to infuriate the Morales Ancestors beyond compare. They should have had seven shining beacons into the future, but now it seemed that one would lose his life here.

"… It doesn't matter." Auran said lightly, his eyes still closed. "… It will be up to First Nova and Littlest Nova now…"

To the side, Sixth Nova's expression flickered with a complicated light. He had, indeed, been eliminated by Auran, but he didn't hold a grudge, it just meant that he was inferior.

He gripped his fists tight. The only thing he regretted was not still being inside to deal with who had placed Second Nova in this state.

The gazes of the Morales family members all turned red one after another, the space around their fists creaking and trembling. Their fury was stifling, a different sort of silence falling entirely.

It seemed that they couldn't wait to unleash their fury.

The stars in the distance turned crimson and space itself quaked.

This time, the Morales family was truly infuriated.