Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The scene at the front could only be described as shocking.

Hovering above the water, what looked like enormous blue cotton balls floated. Each one of these cotton balls was almost a kilometer across at the smallest, and over ten at the largest. They looked completely harmless, and yet large tendrils of water streamed upward from the once calm surface with such speed that one could almost witness the surface of the ocean dropping millimeter by millimeter.

The amount of water these creatures were absorbing was absolutely shocking, and yet it didn't seem to hinder their movements in the slightest. It was clear that the Water Lotus Territory's debuff was completely useless on these enormous creatures as well, and there were easily thousands of them, stretching as far as the eye could see. If it wasn't for their ridiculous size, Leonel had no doubt that there would be even more.

On top of these cotton ball creatures, warriors stood. It was a mixture of Eamon, Etazi and Viola family members. These people were relatively unknown in the Human Domain, so much so that many had been questioning why Leonel was sitting in silence and doing nothing at all. They had had no idea that such a line up was coming until now.

Realizing that Leonel was actually planning on facing off against such an army alone, the hearts of the spectators shuddered uncontrollably.

As for Orinik and Rychard, both were very surprised that the one before them now was actually Leonel. Both had believed that this person would more than likely be from a Water Force family, but when they saw it was the person they wanted to deal with the most, and better yet he was alone, a cold light suffused their irises.

Even so, the unhurried calm in Leonel's gaze was especially grating on their hearts. It felt as though they were reliving some of the most traumatic moments of their lives.

The loss of the Void Library token that Leonel had snatched from him seemed simple, but just for a chance to enter as a Galaxy Ranked disciple, Orinik had lost count of the number of times he had put his life on the line, how much blood he had shed, how many near death experiences he had withstood, escaping by the skin of his teeth.

But without a single regard for anything, Leonel, that boy whose only claim to fame were his parents, had snatched something he had spent years planning for. To this day, that was still the greatest humiliation of his life.

He was an exceptionally cautious person, one who only took action when he believed that he had all the cards in his hand, and yet he had been outplayed.

For Rychard, the hatred was even more deep seeded. His family had been destroyed and uprooted, not just once, but twice. Aina had crushed his pride as a man and the Luxnix had crushed his pride as an Heir. By now, he knew that Leonel had played him, forcing him into a corner without raising even a single finger.

He could sense the disdain radiating off of Leonel despite the fact the latter's expression was calm. It was a disregard so deeply entrenched that it made Rychard's blood boil, his slightly greying hair dancing in the wind.

Montero, the only one of the three without history with Leonel, was the only one looking around and questioning the situation. Where were his subordinates? Were they inside the city? Why didn't he sense them?

But it was exactly at that moment that Orinik and Rychard spoke at once.

"Attack!"

The skies above rumbled and the large tendrils of water tornados that the Rain Beasts were swallowing up shifted.I think you should take a look at

Leonel narrowed his eyes as an enormous wave of water surged toward him. They towered tens of kilometers into the skies, blotting out even the sun in the skies. There was simply nowhere to escape it. Whether it was width or height, both carried the suffocating weight of nature.

A Bronze Aura gently radiated from Leonel as he tilted his head up. Even doing so while standing in the skies didn't allow him to lay eyes on the end of the wave.

Slowly, a tier two armor formed over his body, his body trembling lightly just once before he suddenly appeared before the wall of thick water.

With a roar, Leonel slashed down, splitting the tsunami in two.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

As he slashed, Leonel's gaze flickered. He had felt more resistance than he had expected. Although the tsunami-like wave was large, between his Water Force control and Spear Force, it shouldn't have been too difficult. But this water held a different sort of character.

Leonel realized that these creatures weren't just spraying water around, they were controlling it. They were large, floating, breathing Water Force Domains. That meant…

He had only just split the wave when it began to crash down around him. If it was just a wall of normal water, it would have fallen and collapsed. Even if it managed to maintain its form, it would have continued its forward momentum. But this one abruptly stopped and collapsed around him like a rain of fists weighing millions of kilograms.

Leonel's gaze blazed to life and his ten Stars appeared to his back, his aura surging.

He took a step forward and vanished through his Starry Light Domain. When he appeared again, his Divine Armor was billowing with dense blue nebulae-like fog, his aura soaring once again.

His Void Star Force Stars twinkling, trembling once and ripping the control of the tsunami from the wall of beasts.

Leonel felt a bead of sweat fall down his brow, his heart skipping a beat. Just now, he felt the tug of not just one Rain Beast, but dozens. They were sharing control of these waters, making stripping the control away several times more difficult than it should have been.

Even so, Leonel's spear didn't pause. With a sweep, his spear followed a wide arc, the tsunami to his back became a sharp, slicing wave and it surged toward the oncoming army.

However, the Rain Beasts made no attempt to fight back. They only continued to float forward slowly, their size still expanding.

When Leonel's slicing wave hit them, their cotton bodies rippled slightly before all the water was swallowed up and they grew another size.

Leonel's gaze couldn't help but narrow.