Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Before Orinik, Rychard and Montero could react, half of their subordinates died. It was as though everything had been reversed instantaneously. The moment Leonel had grasped the weakness and the strengths of the Rain Beasts, it was over.

His clones surged forward, slaughtering the people of the Viola, Eamon and Etazi family. They used a strong Spatial Force to dodge out of the way of the other Water Force attacks and took down an enemy at a time with single strokes.

The general warriors of these three families were no stronger than the Skies family. Their only real strength came from the Rain Beasts and their special strengths. How could they withstand even a single blow from Leonel's clones, let alone Leonel himself?

Orinik seemed to see red. His immaculate style of dress immediately became disheveled as the rain of water from above ruined his perfectly groomed hair. In just a single attack, he had lost his air of superiority in its entirety.

Leonel's figure flashed as he grabbed the now palm sized Rain Beast out of the air. He stood silently in the skies, observing it as though the battle around him had little to do with him.

Fear gripped Montero. Leonel stood no more than a hundred meters from them, having crossed such a large distance as though it was nothing. Watching his people fall around him, his heart trembled uncontrollably. Unable to withstand the impact anymore, he reached for his badge, crushing it.

Leonel looked up from the adorable ball of blue cotton in his hand. In its small size, it felt much more like a living, breathing creature. It rolled around without any sort of concept of danger, making odd blooping sounds as it rolled around. It was clear that it was harmless and as innocent as a blank slate. So, Leonel didn't care to take his attention from it.

Even so, Leonel didn't do anything as Montero escaped, he and the rest of the Eamon family vanishing along with him. Instead, Leonel simply looked up into the skies.

"Capture him," he said lightly.

…

Montero appeared in the depths of starry skies, grabbing his heart as he took deep breaths. He had heard Rychard and Orinik talk about Leonel all the time. The amount of hatred they had toward him, and their constant fixation on revenge, made it seem as though they were on the same playing field. Although he had heard about some of the feats Leonel had accomplished while in the Void Palace, it was easily drowned out by the feats of others, or just too ridiculous to accept.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

For example when Leonel cleared dozens of floors on his first entry into the Void Tower. Even those that had been there didn't believe it, let alone those who hadn't. So, in Montero's eyes, Leonel was always someone that it wouldn't be a problem to deal with if they put their heads together. It was also not helpful that before all of this had happened, his confidence had been slowly growing everyday thanks to the benefits he had gained from the Cataclysm Void as an owner of a World Spirit.

But the moment he had seen Leonel like this, face to face, witnessing his presence, the pressure he gave, his aura, Montero had entirely forgotten how to breathe. The gap was so large that he couldn't even fathom it.

Even after several deep breaths, he couldn't seem to calm down at all. And that was when Leonel's eerie voice penetrated his soul.I think you should take a look at

"Capture him."

The words echoed to everyone as though Leonel was whispering right into their ears. Just like before, Leonel had bypassed the restrictions of the Dream Force as though they weren't there, and just like that, everyone who hadn't been paying attention to this clash suddenly couldn't take their eyes off of it.

Montero's eyes widened. He felt a cold chill travel up his back and his head spun toward the Morales family.

"No! NO! I survived fair and square, this isn't right! Is the Morales family going to break its own rules?!"

The Morales Ancestors weren't even looking at Montero. If Leonel actually expected them to capture Montero for him, he was sorely mistaken. He wasn't yet the Patriarch, and even if he was, no Patriarch could order around the Ancestors as he pleased, the Patriarch was a functionally lower level than them. The position was only to deal with affairs at and below the Seventh Dimension.

They frowned a bit, feeling that Leonel was actually a little too arrogant if he believed this. But before they could go down this line of thought much further, a mass of swirling Dark Force suddenly appeared behind Montero. It was sudden and quick, so much so that even the Ancestors hadn't sensed it until it appeared.

Out from within it, a mature beauty stepped out. A long, black dress clung tightly to her curves, a powerful, streamlined body hidden within. It was clear that she had more muscle than the average female, but rather than distracting from her femininity, it accentuated it, making it bolder, more exotic, more beautiful. Everything from her pale, almost transparent skin, to her rosy red lips, enticed and entranced people.

Montero couldn't even react before his arms and legs were suddenly bound, even his lips being covered by a thin black silk.

Mordred released a delicate laugh, one that caused the hearts of many to skip. She seemed to be quite assured in her charm and she wasn't the least beast shy about using it, her maturity shining through like well aged wine.

With another step, she vanished into her ball of twirling Dark Force, leaving the line of senses for the other Ancestors. No matter how they looked, they couldn't seem to find her at all.

Just when everyone thought it was over, a streak of golden light appeared. King Arthur appeared for no more than a single instant before vanishing in another streak himself. However, after a few moments of silence, the flagship of the Eamon family split into two, its members dying one after another.

Silence fell over all, a harsh reality settling in.

The number of subordinates Leonel had shown weren't his limit. In fact, they were very lucky that the age limit was just a hundred years old, if it was just a few decades more the world would have known the like of King Arthur and his daughter Mordred.