Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The changes were sudden and shocking. Not many knew how to react to it.

The strength of Mordred's Dark Force left many apprehensive, her escape measures deeper than anything they had ever seen before. To be able to hide from even their senses felt too ridiculous, just who were these people exactly?

But maybe even more impressive than that was cutting a flagship in half with a single bound. While the Eamon family was on the much weaker side, a flagship still remained a flagship. Just in terms of sheer size one would have to be able to levy an attack with a range of at least an entire kilometer within a breath to succeed in such a feat.

To do that even in a semi-decent world was one thing, but this was the Morales family's territory, this was a world with that, easily, stood at the pinnacle of Seventh Dimensional worlds with very few other Seventh Dimensional worlds being comparable. It was the sturdiest environment one could be in without entering the territory of the Void Palace or, obviously, entering an Eighth Dimensional world.

The brows of the Morales Ancestors loosened somewhat, though there was also a hint of embarrassment for clearly taking Leonel's words the wrong way.

Now that they thought about it, Leonel had never asked them for anything. In fact, unlike their other Heirs, Leonel's growth to this point had nothing to do with the Morales family's resources. Even if one wanted to take into consideration the Spear Domain Ring and the Segmented Cube, the former would only be able to be used by those with sharp enough senses and talent in the spear to begin with, while the latter had been passed down through Leonel's family line from the very beginning.

When things were put into perspective, it was actually quite nonsensical of them to think that he had been asking for them to act, especially when before the Heir Wars even began, Leonel thought to return the Spear Domain Ring and the Segmented Cube.

The fact that he hadn't even known these two things about his own treasures meant that Velasco was still the very same Velasco they remembered. He hated to explain anything, even when it was to his own son. As for Leonel's mother, she had been restricted by the rules of the Void Palace all her life, when could there have possibly been time for him to gain the shelter of his parents. In truth, Leonel might even be independent to a fault.

Ancestor Alvaro sighed. Quite frankly, he felt bad for even thinking along this line of reasoning, and his impression of Leonel couldn't help but become even better.

But although the Morales family had realized their mistake, there would always be some fools who were unwilling to accept it.

Nearby, the flagships of the Etazi and Viola families swayed back and forth under the raging explosion. Fear was clearly painted on their faces as they came to realize that their fates might very well be the same. Their only chance of victory was for Leonel to lose to Orinik and Rychard, but given how decisively Montero had run, was that even possible?

Seeing this as a sort of opportunity, and seemingly still very much unhappy about Leonel using Cloud Race members to win a competition of human geniuses, Cross Elder Avan snorted, his unhappiness painted all across his face.

"You Morales are truly acting as if I'm not even here. I advise you all return the Patriarch of the Eamon family now, or don't blame me for being impolite."

Avan had been too far away and too slow to react to Arthur and Mordred's sudden appearance. As such, he could only watch as the Eamon family was massacred.

He had used his senses to scan the region for several moments, but even after so many attempts, he still couldn't seem to find the two at all, leaving him a bit frustrated. He had wanted to act against them directly, but how could he if he couldn't even find them?I think you should take a look at

T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

His role here was quite limited. He was meant to be neutral and Shield Cross Stars hadn't sent even a single genius in, neither did the Void Palace. Or, more accurately, none of the geniuses in line to become the next Void Elders of the Void Palace had participated as they were also meant to remain strictly neutral.

But due to this neutral position, Avan was in a unique position to act on behalf of the Eamon family which was clearly much too weak to defend themselves. What also helped his methods was the fact that the Morales had already gained the ire of so many thanks to Leonel's actions. If they were casually destroying weaker families now when it was convenient, it was easy to paint the picture that the Morales were trying to get rid of trouble before it became more troublesome to deal with in the future.

If he could successfully accuse the Morales of such a thing, the pressure on them would only become more enormous.

Of course, nothing Mordred or Arthur had displayed was even remotely connected to them to the Morales. Arthur had clearly used Sword Force and Light Force just now, while Mordred used what had looked like a wand straight out of a fairy tale.

But who said all Morales had to use spears? There were many Morales who were born with neither of their Lineage Factors. In addition, who said they weren't relying on their Ability Indexes instead? With that sort of reasonable doubt, putting the bullseye on the Morales was all too easy.

However, what Cross Elder Avan never expected was for a light laughter, one that was all too familiar and melted the bones as it sped up one's heart rate, would ring out at this moment.

"I would advise Shield Cross Stars to stay in their lane. We wouldn't want some embarrassing circumstances to leak out, now would we?"

Mordred's delicate and seductive voice echoed through the starry skies, but even now it was still difficult to tell exactly where it was coming form.

Avan's temper was fiery and he almost immediately lashed out.

"You little harlot! Why don't you come out and say that to my face."

Mordred laughed. "Jorrym… Graros."

She only spoke out two names, but Avan immediately went pale.

Under the shocked gazes of all those present, the blustering Cross Elder, the man whose temper couldn't be calmed by anyone, suddenly sealed his lips.