Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Avan had been skeptical about how he and Shield Cross Stars had ended up claiming victory over such a large contingent of the Cloud Race. When he had seen Leonel suddenly come out with so many Cloud Race members who were, essentially, his slaves, he had felt that sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, that feeling that he had been led by the nose all this time.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, he had managed to ignore it, turning that sinking feeling into a will to target the Morales and blame them for their crimes.

The moment Mordred's voice had echoed those two names, though, his entire world came crashing down. He didn't even know the name Jorrym because the moment he caught Graros, the latter had used a powerful measure of the Cloud Race to avoid interrogation and entered a deep sleep. But the moment he heard that name, the name of the very Patriarch the Cloud Race had been impersonating in the Chaotic Water Sector, it all clicked. Jorrym must be his real name.

The fact that Leonel's subordinates knew his real name meant that Leonel definitely knew more than he had. A lot more.

Just the fact that Leonel could make Cloud Race members do his bidding spoke volumes to begin with. All of the Cloud Race members that Shield Cross Stars had captured had all entered that odd coma-like state that made it impossible for even those with Dream Force and mind reading Ability Indexes to get into their thoughts and read their memories.

Now, there was simply no denying it. Leonel had been the one to lead him by the nose back then. He was the one that had manipulated them like they were chess pieces. And just when he thought he was making the Ascension Empire suffer by pulling out and making them deal with the host of problems on their own, he had ended up getting rid of Leonel's biggest problem for him while Leonel himself was probably reclined somewhere, embracing a beauty.

The more Cross Elder Avan thought about it, the more enraged he was, but even though others could see his face turning a bright shade of red, the metal of the flagship around him slowly melting, he still didn't dare to say even a word.

If everyone found out that it was actually Leonel who had been responsible for Shield Cross Star's biggest victory against the Cloud Race, a victory that he had gained so much fame and adoration for, it would be impossible to come back.

They had been taking nothing but losses in recent years, and every instance of victory they had was somehow related to Leonel. And yet, they had actually placed a bounty on his head and called him a fugitive. Their image was already in the dumps previously, and it was this victory that allowed them some respite.

Avan simply couldn't allow the world to learn about this. At least not now.

Mordred's laughter rang through the starry skies. It was exceptionally nice to listen to, but to Avan's, it felt like nothing more than needle pricking at his ear drums. His fury could have taken tangible form if he allowed it.

The Ancestors of the various families, even the Morales, couldn't help but frown. Even if Avan remained silent, speculation was impossible to dodge. But at the same time, the place Leonel had in their hearts only elevated.

In the beginning, it had felt ridiculous that Leonel could even compete with those of his generation. But now, he was toying even with Ancestors of their level… and the worst part was that he didn't even seem to have to be present to do so!

…

Back in the Heir Wars, Leonel looked down from the skies. He didn't need to guess the results, he trusted his people and had no need to doubt them.I think you should take a look at

Whether it was Mordred or Arthur, both of them not only had Ability Indexes that were incredibly rare and powerful, they were also gifted the same talent of the people of Earth while also having access to a Magic System novel to the Human Domain. Many of the enemies they faced didn't even know how to face them.

The only enemies they had ever struggled against were members of the Cloud Race, which were far more talented than most humans to begin with, and members of the four Great Families, whose strength spoke for themselves.

When it came to anyone else, especially within the Human Domain, they were on a level all to their own. Beneath the Eighth Dimension, their number of opponents was already very rare.

Leonel rolled the Rain Beast in his hands again. It felt incredibly soft to the touch, he could see why people had adored them as domesticated pets.

Even now, he didn't seem to take Orinik and Rychard very seriously.

"Not going to run?" Leonel asked lightly.

The two clenched their fists so hard that their veins threatened to pop. Their Force raged through their Nodes and their hearts pumped madly.

They had no idea what had happened just now, but the fact that Leonel said capture them made them think that the Morales family had acted on Leonel's orders just now. That made them realize that there was no way out aside from victory.

After a moment, Orinik took a breath and exhaled, calming heart. His hands slid into the hems of his robes, one of the very first things he had traded for as a man enamored by his own appearance, and slowly slid them off his shoulders, revealing well cared for dark brown skin and a chiseled physique not very much shy of Leonel's own.

Rychard began to age quite visibly, but his back was still as straight as a javelin. His beard grew and became wizened and grey, billowing in the wind as the hairs on his head grew more sparse and willowy.

Suddenly, a Dark Force erupted from Orinik that finally made Leonel's eyes narrow.

"I see." Leonel suddenly said. "You're actually a pawn of Third Nova."

Leonel spoke slowly, his gaze focused entirely on Orinik.