Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had no idea how greatly the outside world was benefiting, but there was no need for him to be jealous. As the ones closest to the Force Crystal Core, there was no denying that he, Roaring Black Lion, Thunderous Clap and Flowing Wind were most definitely receiving the greatest benefits.

In truth, all four of them, including Leonel, had been caught off guard. But, as though it was instinctual, they all knew exactly what they should do.

The maturation of a Force Crystal Mine Core came with a moment of enlightenment. The completion of the natural Force Art required a communication with the most fundamental laws of the universe.

When this gate of communication is opened, not only will the mine itself greatly benefit, but all creatures within its range of influence would as well.

Compared to others who had sunk into an absentminded enlightenment, Leonel was still able to keep a hold on to his consciousness thanks to his strong spirit. In fact, he was currently struggling, trying to decide what it was he wanted to comprehend.

Should he use this moment to understand his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor a bit better? Or should he use the chance to calculate the feasibility of forming a Tenth Node? Or maybe he should use this chance to absorb more Urbe Ores? In this state, cultivation should be much faster as well…

Leonel's mind spun. He even entered his Dream World, splitting into nine clones and thinking in nine different paths. After his spirit gained such a big boost, he was capable of this now. In fact, he had thought he would be capable of far more than this, but it seemed that this was his limit.

Suddenly, Leonel jolted.

His eyes snapped open and he looked toward the Force Crystal Core like a hungry wolf.

The Core was shining with beautiful rainbow lights that were tinged with a bit of blackness. This blackness made its Fourth Dimensional Grade very obvious.

However, what Leonel was focusing on wasn't the lights, but rather the complex runes that swarmed its body, exuding a majestic aura.

Leonel had already felt that natural Force Arts were magical things. Not very much could catch his interest, but this was definitely one of those things.

It had taken him two days to Dream Sculpt a mere Third Dimensional natural Force Art. And, though he didn't know what benefits it would bring him in the future, he had a feeling that when he completely grasped it, the possibilities would be unimaginable.

But this Natural Force Art was on a completely different level. Not only was it Fourth Dimensional, but it was currently still connected to those enigmatic laws of the universe. If it was during any normal time, Leonel wouldn't dare to try to Dream Sculpt it. Who knew how many years, decades or maybe even centuries it would take him.

But right now…

Leonel's heart steeled as he resolved himself.

He knew this was a gamble. If he focused on his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, he could probably awaken both the Speed and Healing Branch. The benefits of such a thing would not be small by any stretch of the imagination. But…

He felt something calling to him.

**

Days later, Simeon opened his eyes. Though there was a trace of happiness there, it also carried with it a bit of regret.

How could he have expected that the Core would mature so soon? Had he known, he wouldn't have spent hours leaving the hive to prepare for Leonel. What worth did Leonel have to him in the face of such benefits.

He could only grind his teeth in anger. Leonel was definitely the closest. This would make things far more complicated now, he was already so powerful to begin with…

Simeon had always been decisive. Without hesitation, he chose to leave, not even turning back to explain himself to his subordinates. Though One was greatly dissatisfied, so what? One could only wield so much power to begin with thanks to him. If he forgot his place, he could always be replaced.

Leonel could have never imagined that Simeon would make such a choice. In fact, he even had a shuttle prepared, one not very different to the one used by the weremen who had attack Leonel and Aina.

By the time Leonel left the hive, he was stunned to find that Simeon was nowhere to be seen. After deducing the likely reason why, Leonel couldn't help but grow even more serious.

Simeon had no idea that Leonel's combat prowess hadn't risen at all due to his choice back then, but the fact the former still chose to leave without hesitation caused Leonel to have no choice but to respect him no matter how much he hated him.

Leonel took a deep breath. 'The bright side is that this makes things much easier. There's nothing that can really stop me from leaving this place.'

Thanks to the Segmented Cube reaching Phase Two, he finally had enough space to hold everybody, so all the youths were with him. Now that Simeon wasn't here any longer, things would be even easier.

Unfortunately, Simeon left behind the beast kings causing Leonel no small shock. This man really didn't care about the power of the beast kings? Even though there were only three left, they were still all S-grade Elites. Their strength could be considered among the topmost on Earth…

What Leonel didn't know was that these beasts were only the overlord of this B Sector Project Hunt Island… However, even without knowing this, Leonel added yet another point to Simeon. If things kept going like this, he might as well call that bastard master the next time they met.

Just when Leonel was about to resolve himself to charge through these beasts, his eyes suddenly narrowed in a certain direction.

'Huh? He noticed me from this far away?'

The young woman was stunned. It had to be said that they were at least 20 kilometers away. The only reason she could see so far wasn't due to her ability, but rather because of a Force technique she practiced. But, she didn't sense Leonel circulating any Force, so how had he done it…?

"Bring us over there, Badger."

"Over there? You can't mean you want me to fly, right? That's dangerous." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Idiot, all the flying beasts descended from the skies after the Core matured. It's safe to go up there now. In fact, if we don't do it quickly and their enlightenment ends, it'll be even more difficult to leave this place."

"Alright, alright, alright."

Badger took a dignified step forward, wings bursting from his back.

They radiated a majestic silver light. But, what was the most striking about them was their size. Each dwarfed their owner, spanning over five meters in each direction.

To his back, one could faintly catch the divinity of a Roc.