Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

2035 My Wife

Auran's body suddenly convulsed. Before anyone could react, he shifted violently to his side, dry heaving twice before a sudden belch of grotesque purplish-black gunk flew from his mouth. He vomited again and again, his body unable to contain itself. All of his muscles contracted at once as though the sole purpose of his body was to violently heave again and again.

"Auran?! Auran!"

Kira wanted to rush forward to help, her tears still streaking down her face, but she was stopped by the other Ancestors.

"This is a good thing," Ancestor Alvaro said with a peculiar expression.

While it looked like Auran's situation had only gotten worse, the fact he was throwing up such foul material meant that his body was actually actively purging itself.

For those who didn't quite understand Force Pill Crafting, this was still quite novel. But to those that did, it was absolutely shocking to the greatest degree. This was akin to the difference between medicine and a vaccine. Aina's pill wasn't just curing Auran, it was giving his body the tools it would need to survive this poison should he ever encounter it again.

Normal detoxification pills might target the poison and neutralize it, then over the next several moments to even days, weeks and even years, the now benign poison would be slowly excreted through normal waste removal procedures.

However, the effects of Aina's pill were strong and immediate, and it could be seen that it was using Auran's body as the engine to drive the change. This was fundamentally on a different level. To not only medicate an illness but to give one the power to counter it… And to do it with a poison she had only just come in contact with…?!

The shock was strong and immediate. The Ancestors of the Omann family were stunned silent.

There was only one grade of pill that could do this.

Due to Aina's odd refinement method, it had been difficult to tell. Unlike with Crafts, there were simply too wide a range of possibilities for Force Pills. One could exhibit their skill in anything from culinary skills to potion making, all the way to the creation of actual pills. Due to the wide range, it was difficult even for experts to grasp the methods of another taking a different path from them immediately.

But now, they were absolutely certain.

Leonel's team didn't have just one Life Grade Crafter, it had two. And both of them were in the Sixth Dimension.

A Life Grade Force Pill Crafter was even rarer than a Life Grade Force Crafter. In fact, in the whole Human Domain, there were only three of them, and two of them were on the side of the Spiritual Religion Faction, while the final was the most senior Ancestor of the Omann family.

There were no "blueprints" for Life Grade Force Pill Crafting, and the methods of refinement tended to change on the day-to-day basis and even took into consideration the person who would be consuming it.

If a Life Grade treasure was able to be a single cohesive unit, akin to a creation of the universe itself, a Life Grade pill was designated as a product of the reaction it had in the person who consumed it.

Essentially, a Life Grade Force Pill was capable of eliciting a Life Grade level change in the body of the person who consumed it. In the past, Auran had been clearly vulnerable to this poison. But from now on, he would be entirely immune to it.

This was the power of the Life Grade Force Pill and maybe the most immediate and shocking change. However, this wasn't anywhere near the first time Aina had done this.

Back in the Cataclysm Zone, when she refined the demons into Force Pills that caused permanent and foundational changes to Leonel's body, this was also an example of a Life Grade change.

Adding to one's strength was easy as a Force Pill Crafter, but improving one's foundation and reworking efforts they had accumulated in the past was on an entirely different level.

A Crafted Treasure would always be an external item, but a Force Pill that could so fundamentally change the very anatomy of a person was akin to a holy grail. These sort of pills could build armies, they could make up for weaknesses… They could even create Lineage Factors!

And yet, this little girl in their eyes, with so much strength and potential at her fingertips, happily smiled at Leonel and followed along with him without a word.

At that moment, the name Aina suddenly skyrocketed to the top of every list imaginable. Even the likes of Cynthia had never been able to compare, even at her height. The difference was large and obvious, plainly so.

Cynthia was a Force Crafter and a Force Pill Crafter. However, while she was a Life Grade Force Crafter, the Life Grade of Force Pill Crafting had evaded her grasp for countless decades now. She had long since entered the Eighth Dimension, and yet this Sixth Dimensional young lady had already surpassed her.I think you should take a look at

The weight of this matter was absolutely enormous.

If the Morales family crowned Leonel as their next Patriarch, didn't this mean that the Morales family would gain Aina as well? The value of such a thing was beyond Aina herself, but what experiences she had. Couldn't she guide a generation of Force Pill Crafters for the Morales family?

The most shocking part of all of this was the fact that Aina didn't have the guidance of anyone.

The Omann family had produced Life Grade Force Pill Crafters in the past, their documented experiences were all there for their future generations to benefit from. The Spiritual Religion also benefited from such a thing, not to mention the fact their Race made them more in tune with the Life Grade to begin with.

However, who had guided Aina?

She had made it to this level all alone. The unique insights she likely had were things that the others had probably never even heard of. Setting aside her Blood Sovereignty, just this matter alone was enough to make the eyes of many light up with absolute greed.

Suddenly, the Heir Wars that were designed for the future generation of leaders had been co-opted by a young woman who wasn't even among the Heirs. She could have very well created her own force. Just on the virtue of her status as a Force Pill Crafter, leagues of people would flock over from all walks of life, but here she was…

Looking at Leonel now, many couldn't help but feel annoyed. How had this happened?

Auran heaved one last time before his eyes snapped open, the shock within evident. Others didn't know much about this poison, but he most definitely did. He could feel that his tolerance toward it had shot way up, and on top of that, he was already in tip-top shape. If it wasn't for the fact his muscles were a bit sore from the contractions and his Force had yet to be replenished, he would even say that he was at 100%, 110% even.

"Who… How?"

Auran was the leader of an information network. He had information about all sorts of things and was knowledgeable on even more topics. He understood that the pill he had just consumed wasn't a normal Gold Grade Force Pill, but the Omann family only had one Life Grade Force Pill Crafter, it couldn't be that that person had come out, right? That didn't make sense.

Ancestor Hito hadn't; it was because they didn't do business with humans, especially not the most powerful among them. They wouldn't even consider it. If it wasn't for the fact they were so powerful, this eyesore of the Human Domain would have been dealt with a long time ago.

The shock that Auran was already speaking and moving about hit like another train. Those around had already lost the words to speak. All they could do was look toward the Heir Wars, their hearts shuddering.

Not a day had passed by without Leonel giving them a surprise that left them in complete silence…

Just how many more surprises did he have?

…

Leonel descended from the skies above and then toward Aina with a light smile.

"They're jealous of my wife," he said in a joking tone he hadn't used in a while.

To Leonel, the most important thing would always be Aina; he had been willing to doom the world for her. So how could he maintain his seriousness toward the Heir Wars to her detriment?

What Queen Beauty list? Could such a list even be allowed to exist if his Aina wasn't number one? Let alone the fact she hadn't even been on it to begin with. How could such a list have any sort of integrity?

Aina rolled her eyes. "Stop playing around, there's still work to do."

"Yes, ma'am!" Leonel said with a laugh. "But first, those people with no life better make sure that my wife is the number one Queen Beauty from now on."

Aina scoffed and forcefully took Leonel's hand, a sweet smile blooming on her face when she turned to pull him away.