Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2040 Infuriated

Leonel's eyes opened, an unreadable expression within. It was hard to tell that such thoughts were going through his mind at all, and quite frankly, the few who were watching him at all only felt that he had been taking a small break, a break he probably deserved. Maybe even the likes of those who were aware of the secret of the Dimensional Verse couldn't fathom that Leonel had just deduced such a thing.

With a step, Leonel's figure vanished.

When he appeared again, he was within the abandoned territory of Orinik and the others. It was a cracked Gold Grade city, but it was still a unique territory.

This territory was special because it was truly underwater, they called it the Atlantis Territory. It was an interesting name since Atlantis was a legend of Earth, but considering the names of the constellation families had influenced even how the people of Earth named the stars in the skies, it wouldn't be too much of a surprise if they shared their reality in other ways.

Of course, there was a lot to reconsider with this new revelation. Maybe these weren't legends of Earth or the Human Domain at all, but rather tidbits of the "real" world's history. After all, the foundation of the simulation had to come from somewhere.

Leonel immediately claimed the city for himself, taking out two other broken territories. He commanded the stingrays to ready themselves and triggered his third Heir-Grade challenge.

He felt his mind wandering as the waters began to froth. It was difficult to remain focused, and he even found himself biting his tongue again in an attempt to shift his mind away from other things.

His speed of thought used to be a great asset to him, but it had suddenly become a curse. By the time he caught himself in a loop, he would have already gone through enough thinking that anyone would have taken hours, maybe even days to complete.

Leonel almost didn't notice an enormous tentacle swinging down at him with a maddening momentum. It moved so fast that an air pocket formed in the depths of the sea. It was entirely unmoved by the insane water pressure and pushed apart the water as though it was playing on the surface.

In those last moments, Leonel's Dream Counter activated and his body shifted, replacing itself with a clone.

BANG!

The bottom of the ocean shook and quaked as Leonel snapped awake.

He couldn't remember the last time his Dream Counter activated. It had to be remembered that his Dream Counter only triggered when he was on the verge of death, he had actually been that distracted just now.

Leonel, despite his strength, was still ultimately at the Sixth Dimension, he couldn't be casual when facing off against Seventh Dimensional existence, especially not ones at the Heir-Grade. A casual mistake on his part could result in true death.

Suddenly, he felt angry.

"Piss off!"

It was said that sound traveled far further and better in the water. Leonel hadn't thought much about it when he had lashed out, but the sudden boom of his voice sent out waves of destruction in all directions, shattering the body of the colossal squid general before into countless bloody chunks.I think you should take a look at

Leonel took a breath and looked down at his chest. It was heaving irregularly, something that hadn't happened since his body had mutated after absorbing the Silver Empire's inheritance.

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

'Me? A panic attack?'

There was no way Leonel was tired. He had already become used to settling his fatigue with a single deep breath, but right now his heart was beating so fast it seemed to want to rip a path out of his chest.

He clenched his teeth and activated Dream Sense, dispersing the feeling throughout his millions of split minds until his heart finally seemed to calm.

The more he thought about it, the more annoyed he became, his eyes flaring with a flickering flame.

"Fuck!"

Leonel balled a fist, a spear of Scarlet Star Force appearing in his hand. His arm cocked back and his hips twisted, his torso flexed and he erupted with a violent throw. The sea began to boil and the waves churned with a red aura.

Leonel formed spear after spear, even using his Ability Index to rewire his muscle memory, throwing with both his left and right hand as though throwing with just one wasn't causing enough death and destruction for him.

Very few were paying attention to Leonel at this point, he had just gotten out of a huge battle and he seemed to have been about to settle into another dull rhythm of claiming and conquering another territory. There were simply more interesting things to watch.

However, given how popular Leonel was becoming, how could there be no one who was watching him at all? Especially since he was about to conquer three seas, an entire 75% of the ocean?

But in an irony of ironies, none of these people could tell what Leonel was going through at the moment.

To them, the lights were flashy, the power was amazing, the show was grand. They were distracted by the beauty and entertained by the carnage. They couldn't feel Leonel's fury or rage, all they could see was a powerful expert displaying a might that should have been far beyond him.

There was only one person who seemed to see this and understand.

In an unknown location, Alienor was, of course, watching her child. Since the entire Human Domain was watching, how could she not? She wouldn't miss such a thing for the world, and who could know her son better than herself? They might not have spent very much time together, but there wasn't a single part of Leonel's life that she wasn't aware of.

Seeing him so infuriated at the moment left her heart broken.

The last time Leonel had entered such a state, it was after he had said those cruel words to Aina. And now, he seemed to have entered such a state again.