Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2048 Small Knot

Leonel tossed the glass orbs in his hand.

"Let's go, it's about time we stop preparing. Now's the time to end then, I'm quite tired of this game."

The gaze of James and the others flashed. However, they simply nodded. Since Leonel had said so, that was how it would be.

The first thing Leonel did was finish setting up a network of outposts. Since outposts of different cities couldn't be connected, the best way to deal with this was to spawn separate outposts of differing cities near one another. Like this, it would be relatively easier to shift from one city to the next.

Then, Leonel commanded the Oryx and the Skies family to make their way to the fourth and final sea. At the same time, he sent a message to the Cloud Race. It was about time he made a move with them. He had wanted to save the Cloud Race for the perfect moment, they had played their role well enough. There were most definitely spies from the other continent present by now, and thanks to them, pressure that would have been on Leonel was greatly weakened.

Now, it was time to make true use of them.

When Leonel entered the Fourth Sea, his Internal Sight trembled. The range he had once had was just 10 kilometers while he could barely deploy his Dream World for about 100 or so meters. But now, there was easily a hundredfold increase, the suppression of this world couldn't bind him as well as it could in the past. He could easily see a thousand kilometers in every direction. Although this wasn't enough to cover the entire moon, it was definitely enough to cover over 50% of this sea.

Thanks to this, Leonel was immediately able to see that this sea was already occupied by someone else, and they were just a small measure away from forming an Heir-Grade territory and claiming it for themselves.

resemblance with the Quarius family. But Leonel had already dealt with the Quarius family, so that could only mean that this was related with Vega, and thus Adawarth.

Leonel's gaze narrowed. Did he want to clash with First Nova right this moment? Or did he want to wait instead?

Despite his words, he knew that he couldn't just casually bulldoze through the Heir Wars right this moment. At the same time, victory was important for more reasons than just Aina's happiness. He still couldn't allow Third Nova to get his way.

If Third Nova was truly connected to the Three Finger Cult, then that also meant that he was connected to whatever schemes that Cult was drawing up. Leonel had already deduced that the Demonness and King had to come from the "real" world, so the stakes of this matter were still the same.

When he had thought that he was being controlled every step of the way, he couldn't be bothered to care about this and didn't even want to continue to participate. But now that he was participating, he most definitely had to crush Third Nova's chances.

However, after a moment, Leonel's gaze flashed with a decisive light. Now wasn't the time for taking a step back, it was about time that he went all out.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Let me," Aina suddenly said.I think you should take a look at

Leonel looked over toward Aina.

He remembered that Aina had a small relationship with Vega. In the past, Vega had wanted to choose Aina as her successor to the Faction after she was promoted to the Void Senate. Back then, Vega had even been willing to use Leonel's health as a bargaining chip.

This had occurred just after Leonel had cleared past the 70th floor and returned unconscious and heavily injured, it also happened to be around this time that Fourth Nova tried to sign Aina to a slave contract.

If one were comparing pettiness, Aina was probably even more petty and ruthless than even Leonel. It seemed that after all this time, Aina hadn't forgotten about this matter, which was actually quite amusing to Leonel. That was because Vega hadn't even forced her hand, she was just negotiating from a strong position.

But to Aina, she didn't take anything related to Leonel's life lightly.

Before Leonel could even say anything, Aina had already taken out her battle ax.

In truth, not many had seen Aina battle with her full strength. This was because although she was a beauty, she wasn't a Queen Beauty, and Leonel had gotten far more attention than her, so when they split, most chose to focus on him instead. However, after her feat of concocting a Life Grade Force Pill, it could be said that very few paid more attention to anyone else.

Leonel smiled. His demeanor seemed far more relaxed than it had in the past, Aina could tell that Leonel had somehow become even more like himself. That same, casual laziness was there and prominent once again.

Now, though, Aina felt like she understood where it was coming from.

Not long ago, she had spoken to what seemed to be a future version of Leonel. Just like everyone else, she was also aware of the fact that the future could affect the past, and if Leonel's future self was as powerful as he seemed to be, how could his current self not be completely and entirely bored of everything he came across?

There was no challenge that could speed up his heart, no obstacle that he would feel was too great.

In that case, as his future wife, if she was meant to keep her promise to stay by his side, then her one and only goal was to stay powerful enough that she could do just that.

Vega was a reminder of a time where she had been too weak to do exactly that, and she very much didn't like it. Although she had no hatred for Vega, this small dislike was enough for her to draw her blade.

It was her time to untie this small knot in her heart.

2