Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2050 Raging River

Aina's ax left a bloody trail in the skies. It felt as though it couldn't be stopped, carrying a momentum behind it that seemed to encompass the auras of a myriad of weapons.

Leonel had long since known that Aina had chosen her own path. While Leonel had first begun with calligraphy, before moving onto music, then painting, before finally having some accomplishment in translating his spear skill into Force Arts, Aina took a different approach entirely.

Whenever she felt that she had come across a bottleneck in the improvement of her battle ax, she switched to a new weapon, gaining mastery over it before switching back and applying what she had learned. Every time she completed such a cycle, her skill would enter an entirely new tier, touching upon levels those her age shouldn't have any business touching.

Leonel himself could touch upon the Fourth Layered State when he finished his Spear Dance. Of course, this was for his Sixth Dimensional Spear Force.

Aina, likewise, used Sixth Dimensional Battle Ax Force, and just that swing along was very clearly in at least the Second Layered State.

Watching the woman he loved display such skill so casually, Leonel's gaze couldn't help but glow. He didn't often think about how others viewed Aina. So long as they didn't dare to say such things before him, and he wasn't aware of their thoughts, he didn't care, quite frankly. All that mattered to him were Aina's feelings and his own.

However, he was still human. Seeing Aina shine like this couldn't help but put a smile on his face.

'I wonder…'

Leonel's lips began to move as Aina swung her ax down. He didn't seem to be saying anything, but if others played exceptionally close attention, it would be possible to see Aina's ears subtly twitching from time to time.

Due to the time constraints, Leonel hadn't found a moment to tell Aina about Force Manipulation. Everything she had accomplished until this moment was done on her own merits.

In truth, Leonel hesitated to tell many people about this, that was because he understood that sometimes, overthinking things could come as a detriment instead of help. There were many instincts beasts and children would have that adults would lose, and that because while awareness was a virtue, it was also a hindrance in many ways.

Being aware of Force Manipulation might help some, but it could very well hinder most. However, Leonel had a great deal of faith in Aina. Until now, she had already been forging ahead on her own… so what about now?

Leonel spoke quickly and Aina was more than strong enough in mind to catch it all. Her eyes seemed to become dazed for a moment before they sharpened considerably, her aura flourishing.

A delicate roar came from her lips that quickly morphed into something far more majestic, a war cry that echoed across the skies that shook the walls of the city below her.

BANG!I think you should take a look at

Aina's battle ax landed upon a shield of water that Vega had manifested. The latter had reacted quickly, her expression changing when she sensed the strength that was behind Aina's blow. But rather than taking a step back, she moved forward.

Their clash echoed throughout the surroundings, the immediate sections of the wall crumbling and quaking as the other members of the Quarius family found themselves flying out in all directions.

Vega's gaze narrowed. Her defenses were probably her greatest strength, but right now her water shield was threatening to collapse beneath the blow of a Sixth Dimensional existence? Just what was going on here, exactly?

Her blue dress fluttered as she took a step back. Her fingers tapped at the air and the water shield's form shifted, inverting and forming a large net that shot toward Aina.

Aina's battle ax suddenly became akin to a venomous snake in her hands, losing its form and curving out while its twin blades twinkled beneath the pulsing streaks of lightning in the dark clouds that accumulated above.

The net of water shattered, becoming countless droplets of sparkling blue water. It didn't carry a natural hue at all, instead infused with a large amount of Force that increased the humidity to the point that although not a single drop had fallen onto Aina, it still felt like she was enveloped from all sides.

A sticky layer of something uncomfortable bore down upon her and Aina seemed to understand what it was instantly.

Vega wasn't just controlling the water droplets that were clearly visible to her naked eye, she was also controlling the invisible water vapor. This stickiness wasn't just humidity, it was a warning sign.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Aina's gaze flickered and her stance shifted, with a twist of her wrist, the seemingly flexible battle ax in her small palms became as rigid as an ancient tree piercing the skies. Its polearm crashed into the crumbling wall beneath them, sending out a rumbling echo that spread out in all directions. It sounded like Aina had suddenly hit a resonating bronze bell at that moment.

Instantly, the droplets of water shattered and the humidity scattered before it could coat Aina any longer.

She took a step forward as Vega's gaze narrowed, swinging her battle ax in a wide arc that bore down with a menacing momentum.

Her movement flowed like water, her body moving instinctually to shatter all the traps Vega had set up before they could even become fully formed plots. It really felt like she wasn't thinking at all. Her mind was her body, and her body was her mind. They moved and functioned as one without the slightest delay or lag.

Vega's expression became serious. She realized that this was no longer a matter she could just casually brush off. If she wanted to win, she would have to treat Aina like a real opponent.

Defeat Aina, gather the momentum to her side, and crush the army that lay in wait.

Vega's aura suddenly changed. From a governess, her demeanor became valiant. Her blue hair lifted into the air, becoming like a raging river.