Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2051 Limit

Vega stepped forward to meet Aina's strike, but she met some resistance in the air. Her expression changed slightly, but her movements didn't become any slower. In fact, they sped up considerably, her body tensing and her Force raging through his Nodal Pathways like the tides of the ocean.

Leonel watched with narrowed eyes. Whenever he experienced Aina's battle style, he couldn't help but be in awe. That sudden slam of her battle ax on the ground just now seemed simple, but it was incomparably complex.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

That domain-like attack, or it could even be more accurately stated to be a defensive ward of sorts, had hints that reminded Leonel a lot of how he and Aina would resonate their Forces as one, using concepts that Leonel had learned from his grandfather's way of the spear.

However, Aina had used a reverse concept. She purposely failed in an attempt to resonate with the Force in her surroundings, and as a result, repulsed them away. This attempt acted like a dome-like barrier, expelling her enemy's own domain attack.

While this seemed simple, it was extremely complex, especially since Leonel was certain that Aina had simply done it on a whim, following her instincts without the slightest thought.

Force wasn't a naturally benign substance in most cases. They were designed to fuse into one or pass by each other without a care. Only when controlled by the intention of a person could this natural instinct of theirs be mediated.

If things weren't like this, how could ocean waters contain Wind Force that allowed Leonel to breathe? How could any ecosystem exist at all, for that matter, without collapsing in on itself?

With how subtly Vega was using her Force just now, if Aina had chosen any other method of attack, it wouldn't have worked to help her, but rather help Vega instead.

Leonel couldn't help but grin.

BANG!

The two met, one palm and one battle ax. Whipping winds sliced into the crumbling wall and the devastated surroundings. Even the whirlpools below no longer seemed to be a great deal at all, feeling like kid's toys in the face of the destruction of the clash.

Quickly, they separated before shooting forward again and separating once more. Every time they met, the walls crumbled to another degree, collapsing piece by piece. It didn't seem to be a Gold-Grade wall at all, and rather felt like clay putty.

Vega's body was like water. Every clash caused a ripple to echo through her, dispersing into splashes of water. It really felt as though every time Aina attacked her, the sound of a boulder crashing into the surface of a calm lake would come to mind.

Aina's own style was entirely unpredictable. Sometimes her battle ax would be as soft as silk, other times it would be rigid and powerful, sometimes it bent like a bow and other times it would be as swift as a sword. And yet, each one of these styles smoothly transitioned into one another, sliding back and forth and becoming like one insurmountable mountain.

Vega was beginning to feel suffocated. Every time she used a move to catch Aina off guard, the latter would adjust. The next time such a move appeared, she would seem to react even before Vega would, almost as though she could predict what Vega would do before she even knew herself.

Aina's skin glowed, her golden irises gaining a red ring that pulsed with a stronger and stronger light until it suddenly solidified.

BANG!

An explosive phantom appeared behind Aina, causing Leonel's eyes to narrow.

She swung her battle ax, its power increasing explosively.I think you should take a look at

'Third Layered…'

Vega took a strong step back, her feet nearly slipping beneath the crumbling stone. She slipped to the side, regaining her bearings and redirecting Aina's power. However, her gaze couldn't help but congeal. What was this, a Lineage Factor? Was this the Lineage Factor of the Brazinger family?

Suddenly, Aina swung again.

'Fourth Layered…'

BANG!

Vega was sent flying, her lips parting as a jet of blood came from her lips. She soared like a streaking bullet, crashing down below and leveling several buildings as her bones crackled and popped.

Aina still felt as though a power was surging within her, its strength reaching towering heights.

After Leonel had spoken, she understood the purpose of this manifestation. Much like [Emperor's Edict] or other such techniques, this manifestation was a technique meant to be paired with the Brazinger family's Lineage Factor. As for its function, Aina hadn't been certain before as it was an extension of her body rather than truly being a part of it, but now she understood.

It worked akin to a cross between an Innate Node and a Universal Cycle. It took her Weapon Force comprehension and forcefully raised her control over it.

In an instant, Aina had gone from being able to wield her Battle Ax Force at a Second Layered State level, to the Fourth Layered State level, and quite frankly… She didn't feel like this was her limit.

Her Force bubbled and her strength soared, and then soared again.

Leonel couldn't help but cough lightly, wondering if she had told this little t-rex in beautiful skin about this. How was he going to keep her in line in the future? He was already whipped, he stood no chance now.

Aina raised her Battle Ax, the manifestation to her back solidifying to the point it became entirely corporeal. It looked as though she had brought a second version of herself into existence, beautiful, untouchable, valiant.

And then, this unmoving manifestation suddenly shuddered and moved. It grabbed at the air, forming its own battle ax.

This battle ax resonated with the one in Aina's hand and complex Force Arts began to appear one after another.

Leonel's pupils constricted. "AINA!"

He suddenly roared out and Aina's heart skipped a beat. Without a word, she retrieved her battle ax and lightly took a step back.

In a flash, she appeared by Leonel's side, her visage only slightly flushed as though she hadn't just had a battle that shattered half the landscape of a Gold-Grade city.