Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Adawarth fell down from the skies with great speed before he suddenly came to a stop about 10 meters above the ground. He quickly scanned the region, his expression solemn. It was only when he laid eyes on Vega that he sighed a slight breath of relief.

He had no way of knowing who it was that had been attacking, mostly because even Vega hadn't known until the sudden moment that Leonel appeared. So, he had come expecting the very worst.

At first, Vega had just informed him of the problem and he felt that she might be able to handle it on her own, he had a great amount of faith in her since he was allowing her to do such an important task. But after he received a second message, he rushed over with his greatest speed, even using a high-level reward to appear as quickly as possible.

It was only now he knew that it was actually Seventh Nova that had caused all of this, but this made him feel better since he trusted that Leonel wouldn't harm Vega's life. This littlest cousin of his seemed to be quite unruly, but Adawarth knew well that Leonel's heart had always been in the right place.

Even so, after he saw Vega's state of injury, Adawarth's heart couldn't help but tremble. He rushed over, landing by Vega and checking to see if she was truly alright, he didn't even look toward Leonel, his mind entirely occupied with other thoughts.

Vega pushed Adawarth's hands away, unwilling to be in his care as she struggled to stand up on her own. But not long afterward, she fell toward him and Adawarth had no choice but to catch her, the gloominess in his eyes only growing.

Adawarth passed Vega to one of the members of the Quarius family, his heart crumbling as he heard Vega mumble that she was sorry again and again.

All the while, Leonel didn't say or do anything. He didn't feel that it was necessary to do so, the situation was quite clear. Adawarth's army was clearly lagging behind, so if he was here with four, his goal was to stall for as much time as possible.

In truth, he had a decent chance. The stingrays were ocean-bound and the city was floating above water, it wasn't exactly easy for them to affect the current battlefield, though they would obviously have something to say if and when Adawarth's men arrived.

At the same time, Adawarth himself was clearly a powerhouse. If Fifth Nova had been so powerful, just more powerful was First Nova who had not only years on him but was quite well known for his combat prowess to begin with?

There was a reason Adawarth had been able to uphold the Stalwart Polearm Party turned Faction despite only being at the Sixth Dimension back then. And now, he was well into the Seventh Dimension, and might very well be the one with the highest Tier of all the participants of these Heir Wars.

Adawarth slowly stood before Leonel, the two of them standing about three to four meters apart. Then, he slowly sighed.

In truth, he had been among the number that believed that Leonel would be eliminated by now. Although he had the Spear Domain ring, not everyone used spears, and at the same time, he wasn't quite familiar with the abilities of the Segmented Cube. As far as he understood, it was just an auxiliary item, and he was fairly correct about that.

Due to this, he had never really cared much if Leonel kept the two Heirlooms, not to mention the fact as a Sixth Dimensional existence, he felt that Leonel deserved at least a small handicap, as far as that went.I think you should take a look at

But now...

Adawarth took a breath. He felt that it was inappropriate to speak at the moment, so though he had something he wanted to say, he held back. His body trembled and a bronze crown suddenly appeared across his forehead. His aura surged as his Bronze Halo descended down the length of his body. When it bounced back up, a radiant golden armor took shape, one so blinding that Leonel couldn't help but think of his uncle.

Uncle Montez wore a similar armor, but the difference was that he wore his all the time. That said, the fact that Adawarth dared to make his armor out of this material spoke volumes.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The core of this armor was known as the Morales Ore. This was an Ore capable of swallowing other ores in exchange for one thing: weight.

The more it swallowed, the heavier it became. The heavier it became, the more difficult it was to wield. When it reached a certain point, the armor would form its own continuous gravitational field, pulling and pushing on your body continuously.

This armor had once been used purely as a tool for training, until one madman decided to make it his main Divine Armor... And that madman was Leonel's grandfather.

Velasco was far too arrogant to follow the path of another, and Leonel hadn't even learned that this was an option until he had read through the research papers of the Void Library. It was obvious that Velasco hadn't wanted his son to follow others either.

Montez was different though, clearly not minding one bit about following the path of his own father. And surprisingly, it seemed that Adawarth had taken the same path as the two of them.

Almost instantly, a radiant aura spread out in all directions, weighing down upon Leonel and making him feel as though thick walls were pressing down on his skin from all sides. It was a truly suffocating aura.

Leonel's gaze narrowed as he took out his black rod spear, pointing it forward and down toward the ground. His momentum was very calm and unassuming compared to Adawarth as his Bronze Aura took shape, forming his second-tier Divine Armor. Even so, he didn't back off in the slightest, his expression the picture of calm as it was swallowed up by his mask.

The two knew how important this battle was. No words needed to be exchanged.

BANG! BANG!

The locations they had just stood upon were suddenly replaced by two craters instead, the two of them having vanished.