Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"It felt as though an atomic bomb had exploded in the skies. The cacophony burnt eardrums, and the wall pressure of wind nearly levels the city, almost knocking the Gold-Grade territory out of the air.

The city's cloud structure, the fluffy greyness that held it up in the skies, sank considerably, bouncing against the enormous whirlpool that formed its foundation and sending a surge of war into the skies.

The resonating booms were felt bone deep, the catastrophic aftermath making the surrounding ocean for over a kilometer sink by tens of meters before a rush of water surged to replace it. This resulted in rocketing waves, devastating currents, violent twirls and towering tsunamis.

Just this singular clash, happening for only the briefest of moments, made those in the immediate surroundings feel as though the entire world was being upturned. And yet, it was just the first clash. Even after it was levied, the two Novas didn't appear in their sights again. The only sign that they were still clashing was the second resounding boom, then the third, then the fourth.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Violent and nigh invisible spheres of destruction began to appear across the skies. Every time they occurred, the devastation would appear first before the sound wave followed quickly after.

The buildings that remained intact didn't do so for long. Their windows shattered into countless pieces, their foundations cracked and shattered, they began to lean to one side of another, almost falling until the true wave of devastation hit them, burning them to ash or crushing them into flat land.

Adawarth's body drew streaks of gold in the sky while Leonel's drew lines of violet. Their movements were incomparably fast, their afterimages hardly taking shape before they moved again. After a moment, it felt as though there were dozens of the pair in the sky, each clashing with one another and then retreating to clash once more.

First Nova's fists carried the weight of a world behind them, while Leonel's spear was deathly. For the former every clash felt as though his body was being shaken by mother nature herself, the ruckus of a category five hurricane or an earthquake rated at a 10 on the Richter scale forming their own microcosm within his body.

For Leonel, his expression was unreadable, entirely unfazed. The Ten Stars to his back fueled his body with an unmatched glory and light. There was no doubt that without his main weapon by his side, First Nova's strength had tanked considerably, but the light in his eyes was no less fierce.

His golden armor shone with a radiant glow, the lines of ambrosia he was drawing across the skies, as though the casual swipes of a god's finger, grew thicker and more robust. As they did so, the pressure he placed on Leonel only became greater as his strikes became heavier and heavier.

Adawarth's fist met the polearm of Leonel's spear, his knee driving upward in an attempt to catch Leonel's chin. However, Leonel reacted even faster, his own knee driving upward.

A familiar resonating boom filled the skies as a sphere of air pressure echoed in all directions. The ground below looked as though a crater had formed while the dense clouds above dispersed into a wide circle once again.

The two separated quickly and clashed once more. However, before his fist could land this time, Adawarth's pupils constricted and he suddenly spun around, punching out with all his might. He didn't seem to notice Leonel's fist coming toward his back at all as he continued to punch out at empty air.

Leonel's own gaze sharpened as he suddenly formed a clone of Emulation Spatial Force. The two swapped places instantly and the region that Adawarth was punching toward was replaced by a clone of Leonel who stepped out from seemingly nowhere.I think you should take a look at

Adawarth felt that his back was now vulnerable once again, but rather than turning around once more, his gaze flashed, the skies flashing as a bolt of lightning as thick as a giant's waist descended toward the real Leonel toward his back.

Leonel's pupils constricted. Ability Indexes couldn't be inherited, but Adawarth actually had one so similar to his father's.

With a roar, Leonel's aura flourished as his Lotus Domain took shape. In the past, his Lotus Domain was mostly invisible to the naked eye, but this time a spinning illusory lotus flower appeared above his head, swallowing the bolt of lightning whole as Adawarth's fist blasted his clone to smithereens.

The Lightning Force was absorbed by Leonel's lotus as his fist continued forward as though nothing had happened. First Nova was caught off guard, but it was already too late to change things.

The Lightning Force became a wild vibrational Force, coursing through Leonel's body like rumbling thunder.

PAPAPAPAPA!

As though countless firecrackers were going off, Leonel's fist landed on Adawarth's back, the echo of his fist causing ten destructive spheres of air pressure to form all at once, destroying the ground below and the skies above ten times over.

Adawarth spit out a mouthful of blood, his body shooting out like a canon through the skies. This streak of gold was less elegant in comparison to the others, but it was no less speedy.

BOOM!

He crashed into the ground below, being buried so deep that he ran through the length of the city, crashing through its foundation, through the cloud that kept it in the sky, and into the ocean waters below.

Leonel's figure flickered and his two Void Star Force Stars radiant a powerful dark blueish black glow. Looking upon it made one feel as though they were staring into a black sun, the gorgeous bits of discoloration feeling like the painting of a demon overlord.

The raging waters, unable to calm down from their battle, surged around Leonel, responding to his beck and call as Adawarth shot out from the waters, rushing toward Leonel like a speed bullet.

Leonel's roar echoed once again as the snaking dark waters that responded to his call formed countless flood dragons."