Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Leonel's roar seemed to become the roar of the dark flood dragons. Their scales solidified and their foreheads began to protrude with horns as though they might become true dragons at any moment.

At that moment, standing amidst the falling water droplets and the snaking flood dragons, Leonel looked as though he was a God of the Sea, his gaze shining a brighter and brighter violet as his aura continued to rise like a tsunami's tide.

He brandished his spear toward the oncoming Adawarth's and he suddenly took a step forward.

The flood dragons responded to his call. Like an ancient dance of a discipline long lost, Leonel's spear thrust forward. The movement was simple, and yet elegant, silent, and yet deadly. He hardly moved at all, and it all looked effortless, but it felt like the world had resonated with his very being, heeding the call of his Spear Force and wrapping around it.

He was small in comparison to the ocean, barely considered a single drop in a body that extended for thousands of kilometers. But the moment he moved, the waters around him raged and those outside his scope suddenly became deathly quiet.

The first thrust caused the flood dragons to surge forward, ramming into Adawarth and sending him flying backward with another mouthful of blood. The second thrust caused them to spiral around one another, their bodies dancing and swimming through the skies, powerful but intentional, enraged and yet controlled. The third thrust fused them into a single existence. Their horn finally manifested, piercing the skies above. Their body snaked around the city three times, and yet still had length for more. But more importantly than all of that, their gaze suddenly gained life.

It truly felt like a dragon had come into being, carrying all the magnificence of the legends. The savageness of a beast, the greed of a demon, the majesty of an emperor, a truly untouchable existence whether now or into forever.

Leonel had always had a fascination with dragons, ever since he had learned that his mother's Emperor's Might construct had been that of a Dragon. The first time he had used the concept of a flood dragon was in his fight for the Violet Token on planet Luxnix against Myghell, but it had been entirely impossible for him to touch upon the true majesty of a dragon, at least not the kind his mother had succeeded in, so he had only ever been able to form flood dragons...

Until now.

His third thrust landed.

The oceans split, an abyssal hole spanning hundreds of meters to the left and right, along with countless dozens of kilometers downward, formed. The power behind it was so devastating that the walls didn't collapse around it immediately. In fact, for the longest time, it seemed as though it would be entirely impossible to succeed in such a thing.

Leonel had perfectly fused the Luxnix family Force Arts, his Spear Arts, and his Universal Force into one, and it hadn't even felt difficult. His comprehension over Water Force, his Force Manipulation, made him feel like a God that could accomplish anything.

He stood in the skies with an arrogant sort of silence. Behind him, his ten Stars sat, each one a different color, but each one just as powerful in momentum. A truly powerful scene. It was said that a picture was worth a thousand words, but so was a single decisive memory. Maybe this current Leonel was one those who were currently watching would never forget, a Leonel who had grabbed onto their hearts and refused to let go... but also a Leonel they didn't want to let go of in the first place.I think you should take a look at

However, to this Leonel's surprise, Adawarth still rushed out from the abyss he had been left it, soaring out from the vortex of Force and past the roaring dragon before appearing before Leoenl in the skies with a haggard appearance.

His armor was cracked in several places, his blood was leaking out and mixing with once radiant gold, and his breathing was heavy enough to hear even against the commotion of the clashing waves and thunderous booms.

He breathed deeply, his gaze locked onto Leonel before him. His eyes were surprisingly calm. He didn't have the despair of someone who felt their dreams of a lifetime slipping away, nor was there any sort of overt confidence either. It was simply the gaze of a man who knew how to take one step at a time, who didn't care how long the road was or how difficult it would be to travel... All he had in mind was how to raise his foot and firmly place it down one more time.

Adawarth finally seemed to catch his breath after a few seconds, the rumbling in the skies matching with the arcs of lightning that colored his gaze.

Having calmed himself, he reached out a palm, a streak of lightning descending from the skies above and hitting him squarely. That said, he didn't make any attempt to dodge or avoid the situation, standing perfectly still.

When the scene cleared enough for others to see, it was clear that Adawarth was still standing tall. But now, there was a blade in his hand.

It was a truly crude blade. The edge was sharp as it continued to crackle about under the influence of the lightning it had been formed by, while it was also much too large. At the same time, it didn't have a hilt and seemed to be entirely blade. It wasn't exactly a sword, and it didn't seem like a saber either, it felt a lot more like a piece of scrap metal even though it wasn't nearly as defined in shape.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Then, there was, of course, the worst part. Adawarth only knew how to use the spear, he wasn't like Second Nova who had great skill in sabers. In addition, even if he formed a different weapon than the spear, if he used it with the intention and skill of a spearman, it would shatter before Leonel just the same.

But having succeeded in forming this blade, Adawarth's gaze only became even more calm, frightening so...

Then, the golden aura around him began to solidify, flowing into the enormous "blade" in his palm.

Under the gazes of those watching, Adawarth's piece of scrap metal began to shrink under an untold pressure."