Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"It all happened exceptionally quickly. With how far apart they were, even if Leonel had wanted to stop it, he couldn't. Using his Spatial Force to close the distance might have been possible, but the sudden volatile use of Force made it incredibly dangerous to do so. Then, by the time Adawarth started, if he stepped in to stop the process midway, the both of them would end up dying.

Leonel realized what Adawarth was doing immediately. He was using the powerful gravitational force of his armor, concentrating it into a single area, and then using that force to concentrate his lightning into a mighty, unstoppable blade. That was akin to infusing all the strength of his Divine Armor into his weapon, and though he would lose his Domain as a result, the trade off was more than worth it.

The Divine Armor was faulty to begin with. It was a training equipment that turned most of its pressure onto its user. Although the pressure turned onto the user would increase their individual strength by making their hits and body both harder and much heavier, there were great trade-offs to that as well, such as lower speed, less maneuverability, not to mention a much weaker stamina overall.

Against most opponents, this was enough. But against Leonel who had an exceptionally powerful body capable of withstanding his heavy hits, not to mention the fact that Leonel's speed was also able to overwhelm his own as a result of his Light Force and Spatial Force, Adawarth who was very much used to crushing those of his generation found himself at a great disadvantage.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The only choice now was to greatly increase his attack power. Usually, this could be done with his spear. This wasn't the first time he had used this technique. Although he had never needed to use it against an enemy before, he had practiced it more times than he could count. The trouble was that he had always concentrated his gravitational Force onto his spear. But just now, in desperate straits, he wondered if he could use it on other things.

Now, for the first time, he brought out this ability. Whether he lost or won, there was no doubt that in the next few weeks, his strength would grow explosively in a short time. But he didn't care about any of that, all he wanted was this victory.

The blood of the Morales rushed through his veins, his gaze reddening as his heartbeat began to accelerate once more. But this time, it wasn't due to fatigue, and it was instead due to excitement. This sort of battle... It would be his.

A wild grin spread across Adawarth's face and his usually demure and restrained personality became wild and unrestrained. He howled into the skies, raging streaks of lightning descending like pythons from the skies. They connected the clouds and ocean waters below, making the formations that had been formed by the Skies family look like nothing more than a joke now.

Adawarth's figure flickered and vanished as Leonel's gaze narrowed.

Suddenly, all the snaking streaks of lightning that were descending from the skies all pointed toward Leonel, rushing toward him. Leonel only just barely registered this as he perceived Adawarth's blade had appeared right before his face.

Leonel suddenly grinned as he met Adawarth's maddened gaze. Indeed, this was a taste of his own medicine. The difference was he had used the untamed seas while Adawarth had used the unruly skies. Since it was all so similar, though, Leonel really wanted to see who was better.

With a roar, the two clashed once again, but this time it felt as though the apocalypse had descended. Members of the Quarius family and Leonel's subordinates were forced to retreat into the distance. All they could see were snaking dragons. On one side, there were the roaring masses of lightning behemoths, while on the other, there was the unbreakable legion of infuriated water emperors.

Lightning and water clashed. From afar, it seemed as though the skies and the ocean had suddenly become infuriated with one another, each throwing everything they had.

A brotherly spat of fury, a clash of Zeus and Poseidon.

This time, every time Leonel clashed with Adawarth, it felt like his own world was collapsing. He had no skill with the blade, and purposely used no skills so as not to let his expertise with the spear leak out. He swung with wild abandon, his howls and unbridled laughter filling the skies as he attacked again and again. He came from all angles, and because the blade was so heavy, it took Leonel too long to recover to counter before the next, resulting in a scene where he could only match Adawarth's pace.

Even so, Leonel's gaze continued to glow a fiercer and fiercer light.

Violet fog of [Star Fusion: King's Might] continued to rush out from the joints of his armor, his spear blocked and parried, looking for an opening. Everything about his demeanor aside from his devilish grin seemed perfectly and entirely calm.

And then, his gaze suddenly flashed.

A blazing heat suddenly appeared and the entire situation flipped.

The roaring dragons suddenly gained a flickering red gold flame in their eyes. Their bodies bubbled and the gaps of their scales began to glow with a savage blood red light. Before the lightning snakes could react, they were entirely shattered.I think you should take a look at

Leonel took a step back, sweeping his leg out of the way of Adawarth's next wild blow, his expression the picture of absolute calm.

As his feet glided backward, an elegant arc was drawn as the dragon solidified into the foundation of an entirely new creature, radiating with a violet-black glow that caused the world to fall into silence.

Leonel's figure seemed to vanish even though he hadn't moved an inch. It was like the only thing the entire world could focus on was his spear, fluttering through the skies as though it had a mind of its own.

The violet-black dragon followed the cadence of his movements, its snout and horns becoming the tip of its own spear.

As Leonel moved, a Force Art began to grow beneath his feet, and as the dragon moved, its snaking body formed its own.

Adawarth found that he couldn't even touch the hem of Leonel's clothing when this dance begun, and by the time it end, his pupils could only tremble.

Beneath Leonel's feet was his own formed Force Art. Above his head was the formed Force Art of the violet-black dragon.

When he completed the final thrust, the world came to a pause.

Adawarth stood in silence, unable to move. It was like he had been bound by the spear dance, entranced into a dream world he couldn't pull himself out of. It was both illusory and real, both right before his eyes and yet entirely untouchable.

The skies above ceased to rumble and the oceans below became as calm as a lake in the middle of a new moon's night.

Adawarth looked down and he didn't find even a single wound on his body, and yet the ocean below painted an entirely different picture. It was split into two halves entirely, both so clear and calm that it looked like two mirrors facing one another.

The split started right behind Adawarth's body, went through the city, and continued indefinitely into the distance. Even with their eyesights, the end of it was impossible to spot.

Adawarth shook his head lightly.

CRACK!

His badge, hidden within his armor, shattered and his body began to fade away.

All that power, and yet somehow, not a single hair on his head was harmed.

Leonel didn't display that strike because he had to, he displayed it so that the world would be aware of the gap between the two of them.

The insurmountable gap."