Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The tension in the air was high. The situation of Adawarth and Leonel's battle was truly explosive, but after the shock that Aina had given them all, it was hard for the build up such shock once again. Instead, it felt like they were quickly growing numb.

The only ones who seemed to have an exceptionally fierce reaction were individuals who had the most invested in Leonel's losses. The likes of Cross Elder Avan and Cynthia felt as though their hearts were being crushed every time Leonel did something that was out of their expectations.

The last few hours had truly been an odd one to witness. The odd change in Leonel's demeanor made many feel as though he was finally succumbing to the pressure. With the largest challenges still looming over the horizon, there were many who would have crumbled beneath such a situation, so it didn't seem unbelievable for Leonel to have entered such a situation.

But then Aina appeared and spun the situation around once again, and Leonel somehow came out even stronger than he had before, his Dream Force progressing once again and his strength taking another major leap since the last time they had seen him.

In just the bit over a week since the Heir Wars had begun, they had witnessed Leonel progress from Tier 7, to Tier 8, and then to Tier 9. Then as though he wasn't satisfied with just this alone, his control over his Forces increased by leaps and bounds. It felt like every time he brought out another Force technique, it would come from the top of his head, as though his Forces were such an inseparable part of his body that commanding them was nothing different from second nature.

Adawarth was a genius that had been spoken about for a long time. There was no shortage of individuals that he would be on the same level as the Sword Deity and the Bow Deity if it wasn't for the fact he had to divert so much of his attention toward politics and if he wasn't one of seven.

The Sword Deity and Bow Deity were the only Heirs of their families while this was a title that Adawarth shared with the other six Novas, and would continue to until the conclusion of the Heir Wars.

So to see him defeated by his youngest cousin made them feel as though they were dreaming. After all, Adawarth was much older than Amery and Nazag, so his strength had had more time to develop. But the end result was still oh so clear for all of them to see.

Now... This fallen First Nova stood in the face of the Quarius family, and none of the Morales Ancestors seemed to have any intention of interfering.

The rules of the Morales family were quite harsh most times. Maybe if First Nova had managed to claim heirship for himself, he could still command the lower level Morales family members to act on his behalf and thus ease the situation. But as a loser, he had no right to do such a thing.

The Morales family had always been aware of their precarious situation in the Human Domain. It wasn't just them, but families on their level like the Omann family and the Suiard family were also keenly aware of the politics surrounding their existence. These sorts of politics were even more important when it came to matters of marriage.I think you should take a look at

Even in the case that First Nova had become the Heir, the Ancestors still wouldn't have interfered in this matter. That was because their action could be seen as a forced assimilation of sorts. Vega was an incredibly important genius to the Quarius family, she was easily the strongest genius of this generation that they had.

Although she had lost to Aina, by now, many had begun to believe that it was only a matter of course. Aina was a Life Grade Force Pill Crafter, who knew how she had modified her own body until now, who knew how strong she truly was, just because she had lost to Aina didn't mean that the Quarius family felt that Vega was any less valuable.

They hadn't been able to act before because Vega's appearance by First Nova's side had been far too shocking. Plus, there was probably some hope in their hearts that First Nova would end up as the final victor.

There wasn't as united a front against the Morales as it seemed. For many powerful, but middle of the pack families, this matter was less meaningful to them.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The Suiard and Omann families, not to mention the Void Palace, Shield Cross Stars and Spiritual Religion, or even the Constellation Bow Alliance, probably cared a great deal, but that was only because they stood at the same level as the Morales family. If the Morales family suddenly broke free of their stalemate and surged ahead, it would be they who suffered the most loss, or the greatest feeling of loss.

But to these "smaller" families, not ultimately but at least relatively so, the winner of this battle of behemoths was less important to them. In fact, to the Quarius family, First Nova's victory might have given them a reason to side with the Morales and gain the most advantages.

Not only would First Nova's victory mean that Leonel had lost and that the greatest reason for the opposition to the Morales would have vanished, but it would have also given them a direct line to one of the most powerful families of the Human Domain.

It wasn't like women of the Quarius family had never married men of the Morales. But whether it was situation or status, Adawarth would have been the greatest opportunity they ever received to advance further, something greatly difficult when you were already a family of their caliber and level. Every step forward as a family already near the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension was incomparably difficult.

But now all of that was worthless, and the more days passed, the more and more it seemed that Leonel might truly come out as the victor. If that happened, the Quarius family would have no choice but to draw a strong line between themselves and the Morales, or else they might end up caught in the crossfire.

So, the moment Vega appeared, the Ancestor of the Quarius family stepped forward, her wrinkles deepening as she frowned at the closeness of the two.