Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel observed Supreme Monet for a long while. He didn't seem to be in any sort of rush to answer, a response that was quite shocking to many.

If others were in his situation, there would be one of two reactions. The first would be to immediately agree. After all, the authority of a Supreme wasn't something most were able to ignore.

The second option would be to explode in anger. There was no shortage of people who thought Monet's actions were excessive. In fact, those who knew how the relationships of the top echelon worked felt even more pity for Leonel.

Knowing that Leonel had Hutch's backing, it was only a matter of course that Monet would wait until this moment to ask this of Leonel. If she went to the Eastern Lookout to ask such a question, Old Hutch probably would have sent her packing.

For that madman, it wasn't even a matter of whether or not Monet's ask was appropriate or not, it was entirely about his own face.

However, Leonel's response was exactly the last thing they could have expected. Aside from a slight frown in the beginning, he hardly reacted to the words at all. In fact, even Monet herself frowned slightly seeing Leonel's response. She had been prepared for either of the two obvious responses, but this wasn't something she had been ready for.

To make matters worse, it seemed that this young man wasn't intimidated by her gaze or presence. He calmly scanned her up and down as though he was observing any other normal stranger he was meeting for the first time.

Eventually, just when the silence was beginning to weigh too heavily on everyone's chest, Leonel finally spoke.

"Sorry. The dictionary was left to me by my father. Giving it to another is impossible. I appreciate your asking first, though."

There didn't seem to be anything wrong with Leonel's response. Monet asked a question and he responded appropriately. So, why did they feel so embarrassed?

Monet narrowed her eyes slightly.

Seeing that the situation was turning bad, Big Buddha who had guilt eating at his heart this whole time, couldn't help but step forward to try to mediate.

"Leonel, Supreme Monet is only thinking about the bigger picture. Your treasure is too valuable. If it fell into the hands of The Empire, it could lead to a catastrophe. But, if it was in our hands, the chance we'd have to overturn their oppressive rule would skyrocket."

At this point, Violet Rain who had been shocked by the sudden change the situation suddenly felt she understood something after hearing Big Buddha's words. Once she did, she couldn't help but turn a disappointed glance toward her long time friend.

Leonel swept a glance over Big Buddha.

"Oh." Leonel nodded. However, just when Big Buddha and the others wanted to sigh a breath of relief, thinking that Leonel understood, his next words caused them to freeze. "But, I honestly don't see much of a difference between you all and The Empire though. I can't tell that there would be a difference in outcome no matter who gets their hands on it."

In the beginning, Big Buddha was shocked by what he was hearing. It wasn't just them, everyone here was shocked. They all saw themselves as a righteous faction fighting for the people. When had someone ever said such words to them?

First there was shock, then there was rage. Big Buddha's guilt seemed to completely vanish. At the same time, even Badger and Mayfly who had had a good impression of Leonel frowned deeply toward his words. Such a reaction didn't change even when Flowing Wind and Thunderous Clap were taken into consideration.

This could be expected. These youths were indoctrinated by the Slayer Legion since their birth. And, those who hadn't had parents and relatives who suffered at the hands of The Empire. Leonel's words were like a slap to their faces.

However, Leonel felt that he had observed the Slayer Legion for long enough to feel quite confident about his words. He really didn't feel that there was a difference at all.

At this point, Leonel didn't really care what happened. The Zone was right in front of him. He didn't believe that anyone here could stop him from entering it. It was too close and his power was too great.

This wasn't a case of the strong oppressing the weak. Earth's Metamorphosis just began. Most people started at the same starting line. Even though Monet was more than double his age, it didn't make a difference.

Even though Leonel still wasn't confident in defeating Old Hutch, he didn't believe that the old man could stop him if he was here either. As long as he was one of the first 12 to enter, nothing else mattered to him.

"Young man…"

Big Buddha's voice no longer seemed as amiable, but Leonel had already long since stopped paying attention. The only reason he hadn't moved to enter the Zone yet was because he wanted to know how this would end. Would Monet make a move against him before he entered? In that case, he would go all out now. But, if she chose to wait, Leonel didn't mind keeping a shred of pretenses intact for a while longer.

"Leonel Morales, is it…?"

Leonel was speechless. She had already asked his name, why is it that she was pretending not to know what it was now as though she already couldn't be bothered to remember?

Toward such a woman, Leonel really had nothing to say. He couldn't even be bothered to have a back and forth with these people anymore.

"From my understanding, you aren't a formal member of our Slayer Legion. I accept your decision, but there also doesn't seem to be an appropriate reason to allow you to enter our Zone either. —" ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

It seemed like Monet wanted to say more, probably an entire spiel on why she was morally correct. However, Leonel wasn't joking around when he decided he really couldn't be bothered to listen anymore.

"What's her ability?"

Leonel's voice left them stunned. It became clear in a moment that he really wasn't bothering to listen to their Supreme anymore.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Generating nomenclature… ]

[ Evolution Stage: Tier 8 Black ]

[ Evolution Type: Dual Elemental Healing ]

[ Evolution: Fire Sense, Fire Manipulation, Fire Aid ]

[ Fire Sense: Greater affinity for Fire Elemental Force. 200% boost in comprehension and power in using fire based Force Techniques.? ]

[ Fire Manipulation: Control over the Fire Element. ]

[ Fire Aid: Ability to absorb the Fire Element to regain stamina and heal wounds. ]

When Monet heard these words, her pupils constricted. But, at the same time, she felt a rage bubbling in her heart. For Leonel to cut her off to ask this question, wasn't his intent obvious?

At that moment, everyone suddenly went on guard against Leonel. However, it wasn't to the point they worried for their lives. There were too many elites here. If Leonel really wanted to do something, he would only be courting death. It was very possible that he wouldn't even be allowed to leave this place alive. As a Supreme, Monet had more than enough rights to kill someone on the spot.

However, what left them speechless was that Leonel didn't even stop. As though he didn't have a care in the world, he had the dictionary expose their abilities one after another.

Toward such a thing, Leonel was quite helpless. The fact he had to speak aloud to get this information was the worst drawback of the dictionary. Unfortunately, there was no way Monet would allow him to continue on so casually.

But, none of them could have expected that even before anyone could make a move, the situation would change once more.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

"HAHA! We really have to thank the Slayer Legion this time. Finding an SS-grade Zone couldn't have been easy."