Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

A sudden silence fell.

Velasco hadn't appeared personally for any major event in too long, and even when he did, it was only a clone of his. But the Ancestors here were all too certain that this was the real Velasco, whether it was the aura, the casual dominance and that sort of unapproachable smile that felt far more manufactured than real, each part was as real as it got.

This very Velasco they could hardly take their eyes off of stood behind a woman as though he was content to let her lead. It was truly a woman with beauty beyond words, but it was also a beauty they knew far too little about.

From their understanding, Velasco had always been a playboy, the number of women that had been ruined by him were far too many to count. He simply wasn't the type of man who would fall head over heels the moment he saw a beauty, and while Alienor was objectively a woman of great looks, it wasn't to the point where there were no others who could be said to be in the same league as her.

The Human Domain had trillions upon trillions of people. Among them, there were hundreds of women with beauty that could take one's breath away, it was the reason the Queen Beauty rankings had been made in the first place.

So the question was, why her?

It was a question that had been in the back of their minds for the longest time, but no matter how they looked at it, the gap between Velasco and Alienor was enormous. Was it truly just a matter of Velasco taking a fancy to the type of person she was?

Maybe that would be an acceptable answer if there wasn't so much understanding of Velasco's personality amidst the masses. He was a man who cared for little other than himself. Even when his father died and he went on a rampage, many had painted such a foul image of Velasco in their mind that rumors that he had been more pissed off by someone close to him being so weak than the actual death of Leonel's grandfather.

Of course, this matter was only exaggerated, but it went to show the kind of public perception many had of Velasco.

He was a genius Crafter who had created all sorts of blueprints that could change the very fate of the Human Domain, or at least the Morales family on the smallest scale, but he had never shared them.

He was the greatest talent in the history of the Morales and could have led them to new heights, but he disdained being a leader of people so much that he refused to even participate in the Heir Wars.

His relationship with his own brother was strained precisely because he never gave their father his due respect. He shunned the way of the spear that Ishmael had painstakingly created, he didn't care to use the Spear Domain ring, he seemed to constantly be going out of his way to take a different path from everyone else all so that he could prove that he didn't need anyone else to be number one.I think you should take a look at

This was the level of arrogance this man had, an arrogance that wasn't swayed by beauty in the slightest. Even when Cynthia Omann waited for him silently in a wedding dress, prepared to spend the rest of her life with him, he hadn't said a word and simply never appeared. He had let the woman that was the apple in everyone's eye, the number one woman in the eyes of too many to count, sit in her own self pity for decades without a single word.

But now, this very same man stood behind an unknown figure with a fawning expression, so sweet that it could make a single man puke and a single woman twist her face with unhappiness. He was truly whipped to the greatest of degrees, and it didn't seem to compute to many... Until just now.

The green Force around Alienor slowly faded as she stood in the skies, her green robes fluttering. Looking into her eyes, one could feel the echo of a dragon in their souls. She was such a petite woman, and yet her presence seemed so impossibly large.

Those of the Void Palace that were vaguely familiar with this woman couldn't quite understand this change. Alienor had spent decades in the Void Palace, so why was it that she wasn't more famous than this? Why was her light so shrouded until this moment?

What these individuals didn't understand is that of those decades Alienor had spent in the Void Palace, the vast majority of them were spent with more than 99% of her talent sealed. With Earth having yet to complete its Metamorphosis, and her World Spirit still in a deep slumber, she was incredibly limited. The only thing she had to lean upon was her own intelligence and the Luxnix family's Lineage Factor, a talent that was only of the Sixth Dimension.

It could be said that the fact she made it to the status of a Sector Ranked disciple while so suppressed was an incredibly shocking fact.

This suppression had lasted up until just two or three years before Leonel himself entered the Void Palace. But after the Metamorphosis descended and Earth officially entered the Fourth Dimension, those shackles began to loosen. Not only did she finally gain access to her Emperor's Might Lineage Factor, but the remaining shackles on her affinities, not to mention her World Spirit, were all released.

She returned from the Cataclysm Zone just over 10 or so years ago, being among the middle of the pack. But just like this, in barely 10 years, she went from barely in the Seventh Dimension, to an Ancestor level character.

When those below began to do the math in their head, they froze.

Right now, Alienor... Wasn't she just barely over 80 years old?

And Ancestor level character who wasn't even 100 years old? Didn't that mean that if she had wanted to, no one could stop her from participating in these Heir Wars?!