Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The Human Domain was shaken once more.

When they heard about Alienor kicking Shield Cross Stars out of Earth's territory, they had assumed that this was just a wife relying on her husband's prestige. This wasn't something they would look down on her for, after all, if Alienor couldn't rely on Velasco's prestige, then who could? However, this event wasn't enough for many to change their opinions of her.

In addition to this, not many knew of the losses Shield Cross Stars had been forced to suffer at the hands of Leonel. After all, Shield Cross Stars would do their best to keep this a secret, and without them in the territory, how could information be so easily passed out to others?

Now, however, many had a completely different outlook on things.

It wasn't that many hadn't considered the idea that Velasco had been the reason for Alienor's sudden rise, but if it was so easy to bring people up to the Eighth Dimension, wouldn't there be millions more Ancestors?

Whether it was Conventional Path or God Path existence, the number of Ancestors was far too few. So few, in fact, that even these powerful families usually only had just one or two. It was only existences on the level of the Morales or Suiard families that would have dozens to their name, but even then it couldn't be counted in the hundreds.

This didn't even mention the fact that Alienor had very clearly used the God Path. Although it was extremely difficult to reach the Eighth Dimension with the Conventional Path, it was still far more difficult with the God Path. In addition, when you used the latter path, expecting to simply gain help from others was foolhardy.

The God Path relied only on self-comprehension, and though resources could still be valuable, they would only be supplemental and not fundamental.

All of this only meant one thing: Alienor had managed to reach this stage on her own. She was practically a member of the younger generation, and by the crudest and most direct definition, that was exactly what she was. And yet, she had already stepped out and onto such a stage.

At that moment, without any boasting or even arrogance, Alienor had instantly skyrocketed in the placement of the hearts of many, so much so that many couldn't help but look over toward Cynthia as though to gauge her inner thoughts.

Cynthia was looking toward the duo in the skies just the same as everyone else. She didn't turn away as though to pretend she was indifferent, nor did she seem too eager to look at them either. She expertly fit in, doing the same as others without even the slightest hint of deviation.

Those that silently observed her couldn't help but praise in their hearts. There weren't many people who could do such a thing, it could be said that her mental fortitude was on a level all to its own.

There was one person, though, who couldn't seem to react like everyone else, and that was Ancestor Quarius herself.

She took a step back, her face slightly paling. Alienor hadn't actually attacked her directly, but the sudden vanishing of her Force left her feeling extremely uncomfortable, it felt as though a phantom limb of sorts had suddenly been ripped from her, leaving behind a phantom pain.

Quickly regaining her bearings, Ancestor Quarius looked up with a hint of wariness in her eyes.

"This is a matter of the Quarius family, is the Morales family insistent on stepping into this matter?"I think you should take a look at

This old woman was actually quite smart. She took the best approach immediately. By tying Alienor's actions with that of the Morales family and not allowing her to be an independent party, she would definitely have to rethink her will to take action once again.

Adawarth, who had been ready to go all out just now, was taken off guard by the change. He didn't know who Alienor was immediately, but he definitely knew Velasco, so he put two and two together. Seeing the situation turning bad, he grit his teeth.

"I am willing to separate from the Morales family entirely. Auntie, I really can't win this battle, but I can't ask you to take on such a risk easily. Is it possible to send the two of us away from here? I will handle the rest."

Alienor, who had been about to respond, looked down toward Adawarth with a sweet smile.

"There's no need to worry about this matter, I've been greatly unsatisfied with the matters of the Human Domain for a very long time already. So what if I piss some people off?" Despite her smile, the words that came from Alienor were actually quite crude, but many had no idea that this was just the tip of the iceberg and were entirely taken off guard when she spoke again.

Looking back toward the old woman, she sneered.

"And so what if they are? What are you going to do about it, exactly?"

Ancestor Quarius' eyes opened wide. "You..."

She had barely gotten her words out when Alienor struck out with a palm. Ancestor Quarius was squarely hit in the chest, her seemingly frail body spinning out of control and being sent tumbling back. She tore a hole through the hull of the Quarius family's flagship, causing it to rumble and begin to slowly fall out of the skies.

Alienor's gaze turned murderous as she stood tall and proud in the skies.

"The next person that suggests I or the territory of Earth is a pawn of the Morales won't just be blasted away by a palm of mine, I will directly kill them no matter who they are.

"You've all been quite comfortable, making assumptions, jumping to conclusions, painting up fanciful tales you can use as an excuse to try and con your way into gaining the benefits you want while simultaneously upholding the moral high ground.

"I'm here to tell you all today that Earth isn't a pawn on your board nor is it a morsel of meat you can eat whenever you please.

"Earth has its own powerhouses and it knows how to bite back."