Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Alienor's words left them absolutely stunned.

Indeed, she wasn't lying. Alienor's temper was quite fiery, and her patience had always been extremely limited. She didn't even have much patience for her own husband, the only person in this world that could make her slow down was her own son and no one else.

Up until this point, she hadn't been able to say anything because she had been too far away, but she had long been dissatisfied with how the Human Domain was trying to coddle Earth as though it was a child that couldn't take a single step without their input. They did even have any idea how powerful her father was? Did they have any idea how much more powerful than even that he was within the limits of Earth's Territory?

More importantly, did they look down on her that much? Apparently, she had been far too lowkey.

As powerful as she was here and now, she was easily tens of times more powerful within Earth's Territory as well, not only because of her Emperor's Might, but because of her World Spirit being allowed to unleash its truest and fullest strength.

Just with the existence of the two of them, they were on par with any of the Constellation families. They weren't some meat primed and ready on the chopping board.

But she realized that she had indeed been too silent on the matter. Another reason she had boldly kicked Shield Cross Stars out of their territory, other than because she was enraged about their treatment of her son, was to make a point. But clearly, her point hadn't been made well enough.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

So, she decided to make it again. This time, she would be even clearer.

In truth, though, Alienor had probably just saved that woman's life, because she had already sensed Velasco shifting to her back. Velasco wasn't a fan of anyone refuting himself, let alone refuting his wife. The moment anyone tried to disrespect him, he would have already retaliated. He didn't like explaining himself, his fist was the best explanation most could hope for. They could ask the spirits on the other side if they had any idea about why they had died.

The silence was palpable.

Alienor looked back toward Adawarth and smiled. "No need to worry, just go back to the Morales flagship. I doubt there will be anyone of the Quarius family waiting to cause trouble for you."

First Nova blinked in surprise but then nodded solemnly.

At the moment, he was in shock. No one had ever heard of a youth having two Ancestor parents. Maybe it had happened, but by the time that was true, the "child" would have probably reached the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension already and have been old and wizened.

But, Leonel suddenly had not just one parent, but two in that Realm, and he hadn't even entered the Seventh Dimension yet. At this point, it all felt like a joke. Were they really going to use these Heir Wars to kill Leonel?

It was easy to explain away Velasco's personality while he wasn't here. After all, he was well known to be quite cruel and so long as his son was killed by a member of the same generation, it was unlikely that he would lash out in anger.

But with the man actually here, those that had been so confident were instantly hesitant. They remembered Velasco cutting off Rosen's arm back then, strutting into the Void Palace despite his ban and exacting justice for his son without a word. Would he do that again?

Technically, Rosen had been far above his son's level, but it wasn't like Rosen had acted directly, he had just facilitated the event that put Leonel in danger. Wasn't that... Wasn't that what they were doing right this moment?

And now there was Alienor. She was clearly far more powerful than any of them had imagined. Although Ancestor Quarius wasn't exactly a powerhouse amongst Ancestors, she was still an Ancestor. There were too few who could defeat her so easily. And, clearly, Alienor was the far more protective type.

Even if Alienor didn't have the strength personally, considering how much Velasco doted on her, didn't that mean that she could make him act even when he normally wouldn't?I think you should take a look at

Suddenly, many felt that this matter wasn't well thought out enough. It was easy to believe that they were equipped to deal with Velasco when he wasn't present, but it seemed that they had taken the presence of his clone to be the cap of his true strength.

It was only now that he was before them that they truly felt the vastness of his aura. Those below the Eighth Dimension couldn't sense it at all, but the current Velasco was akin to a bottomless ocean. His aura was larger than that of even the solar system they stood within, as though so long as they were within this countless lightyear span, he could kill them with a thought.

However, what no one expected was that at that moment, the silent Cynthia who didn't seem intent on interfering, suddenly did.

"So that's it? Because you say so, it is?"

The words were light and unhurried, they didn't seem like they should have had a strong impact, but they were resoundingly true.

If the Morales and Earth were really in cahoots, why would Earth be the one to confirm it? In fact, they would probably say exactly what Alienor was saying right now. Her words truly didn't prove much of anything.

"I seem to remember quite well that, in all his arrogance, Velasco forewent Force Pill Crafting because he didn't believe that he needed another discipline to be able to change the fates of people.

"I heard that the Morales family's Sixth Door appeared not long ago, and now you've appeared. It would seem that he had succeeded."

Cynthia's voice continued unhurried, her casual words revealing secrets that the Morales had held tightly for countless generations. In one breath, she warned the Morales that she knew more than they thought, and on the other, she had shrouded Alienor's shine and given all the credit to Velasco.

One would expect Alienor to refute, to deny, however, her gaze only shifted over to Cynthia for the first time quite calmly.

Her green Force suddenly appeared once more as her aura began to rise, growing to the point that even breathing seemed impossible.

"You'll be the first."

She had already said it quite clearly. Whoever claimed Earth to be a pawn would die.

Alienor suddenly vanished, when she appeared again, she already stood before Cynthia, her golden hair fluttering wildly.

BANG!

No one saw how she attacked.

Cynthia was sent flying into the distance, disappearing amongst the stars.