Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Alienor walked forward with light steps. One would have never thought that she had stepped onto the Omann family's flagship.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The Omann were among the most powerful families of the Human Domain, in terms of influence they might very well be number one, and yet none of that seemed to matter in the slightest.

The green Force around Alienor suddenly solidified. A snaking dragon with jade horns opened its jaws and roared, the shuddering echo ripping the flagship to pieces as she continued to walk forward.

A shocking realization seemed to have entered all of their hearts at once. Did she destroy the ship so that she didn't have to change the direction of her steps?

This understanding caused their hearts to quake. It was the sort of indifferent and casual power that existed on a plane all to its own.

BANG! A streak came over from the distance. As far back as Cynthia was thrown, she seemed to have recovered just as quickly, returning with a countless number of rings hovering around her. Each exuded the power of a Life Grade treasure, reflecting a silvery hue that sparkled like the stars in the distance.

The rings rippled, a sharp echo of what felt like Blade Force and yet was simultaneously entirely different forming. The coldness on Cynthia's expression was all pervading, the indifference vanishing in the place of a smoldering hatred.

Without a word, Cynthia's palms struck forward. Space cracked and her rings rushed forward, each carrying the sharpness of an ancient, tempered blade.

Alienor's indifference, though, remained just the same. Her palm struck out a moment later, meeting in the surging Force in a surprisingly silent clash. With her other hand, she pressed out her forefinger several times, forming dozens of gorgeous greenish rainbow bubbles in what felt like an instant.

These bubbles floated slowly, but they somehow intercepted the quickly moving rings surging toward her without much effort at all.

The rings were suddenly enveloped, the seemingly fragile bubbles hardly quivering in the face of their sharpness and might. They came to a halt, unable to move forward at all, but what happened next was even more shocking than that. They began to corrode one after another, and in the blink of an eye, they fell into a pile of rust and ashes. Only then did the bubble finally pop, releasing their contents into the endless void.

Alienor continued to walk forward unhurriedly. Her emerald dragon wrapped around her, its menacing roar echoing against and again. The pressure it exuded only continued to increase until Alienor suddenly struck out with another palm.

The emerald dragon shot toward the stunned Cynthia. She hurried to defend, blocking her front with the rings she had remaining.

She just couldn't believe that her self-created weapons had had such a horrible and sudden ending. They were all forged with Eighth Dimensional materials, and were forged to the standard of the Life Grade. In addition, they had a symbiotic characteristic that came with them being in a set. As such, they could work independently, and also share power between one of them.

Destroying one of them should have been as difficult as destroying the whole set. But somehow, the moment they entered Alienor's bubble, their connection to the outside world had entirely vanished, and yet Cynthia hadn't sensed any sort of powerful Spatial Force coming from Alienor at all.I think you should take a look at

But it was already too late to try and figure out what would happen.

BANG! Cynthia shot back like a rocket once again. This time, blood flew from her lips as the rings she used to defend cracked beneath the pressure. Looking into the eyes of the roaring emerald dragon looming over her, she felt her heart shake, her coldness cracking to reveal a hint of doubt and even fear.

Those eyes... They didn't look fake in the slightest. It was as though the real creature was looming over her.

Cynthia coughed out another mouthful of blood, drenching her once pristine robes. Seeing this scene, many who had thought that she would be able to hold out on her own were both shocked and growing hesitant.

The Ancestors of the Omann family who had finally finished saving those that remained within the flagship were quick to check on the situation, but just as they wanted to help, a cold shiver spiked down their spines.

Velasco hadn't said anything, he hadn't even looked at them, and yet it was as though the voice of the universe had whispered a warning into their ears, putting a stranglehold on their thoughts. He was truly a madman, if they stepped out of line, he really wouldn't care to wipe them all off the face of existence.

Alienor continued to walk forward, her steps light and unhurried. She reached out a hand and the dragon in the distance rushed back toward her, shrinking until it formed an elegant 11-inch emerald wand with a dragon wrapped around it.

She tapped at the air and a rush of Wind Force formed. She tapped again and a searing heat threatened to burn a layer of their skin off. She tapped again and the skies rumbled with Lightning Force and she tapped again, causing a rippling wave of Water Force to rise.

Countless complex Force Arts formed in the starry skies, forming into groups of four-green, red, golden, and blue. They shuddered, fusing into one and beginning to rotate.

Cynthia, who had finally stopped flying in the distance slowly turned to face this sight. It felt as though the stars had all been replaced by these formations, as though the only light left in the universe was the very woman before her and the wand in her hand.

Alienor's delicate wrist flickered, drawing an arc through the skies as she pressed down.

The rotating Force Arts came to a trembling stop and the world fell silent for just a split moment before what could only be described as an Armageddon was unleashed.

Spiraling bolts of fire wrapped in wind, lightning, and water surged forward.

Cynthia was swallowed from all sides. The last image those around saw was the helplessness in her eyes before she was buried beneath the cacophonic rumble.