A hushed silence fell. It was hard to accept. Had such a genius fallen, just like that? Cynthia Omann had been part of their lives for all too long, even weak Sixth Dimensional families had heard of her name before.

The Ancestors of the Omann family looked as though they had lost their souls. She was supposed to be the future of their family, she was the most talented Force Crafter and Force Pill Crafter in their history, but not only that, her combat prowess was exceptional. She simply had no weaknesses. It was difficult to accept.

Their eyes couldn't help but go red, and yet none of them dared to move all the same.

The Morales Ancestors didn't know what to say about this matter either. They hadn't thought that this family of three would all be madmen. Velasco had already painted his own legend, and then Leonel seemed to have begun to draw his. Then there was Alienor who was a complete unknown until this moment.

Alienor turned back with an unmoved expression on her face. In her opinion, she had simply followed through on what she had said would happen. As for the matters of Cynthia and her husband, she had never really thought about them. Velasco had never said anything about it, so she didn't feel the need to care.

In the end, was there a need to think about someone who had already lost to her? Others might have tried to make it out to be some sort of rivalry between them, they might have even said that she didn't stand a chance against the likes of Cynthia, but she had never taken this very seriously.

If it wasn't for Cynthia ignoring her words, she wouldn't have even cared to look at this woman, let alone attack to kill her. She had simply been beneath her notice.

There was a point in Alienor's life where she hadn't believed that she would ever get married because she found all the men around her to be simply too insignificant. Of course, this wasn't part of the story she had told Leonel about how she had met his father.

It could be said that she was exceedingly arrogant. Emperor Fawkes was so fond of her character that he had already chosen her to succeed him as opposed to her elder brother.

Others might not be aware of her character, but they would be now. She was a woman who said what she meant and did as she said. Her patience was limited, her fuse was short, and she didn't have time for those that would disrespect her.

The reason she was so enraged by others believing Earth to be a pawn was because it made it sound as though she, Alienor Morales, was a woman who could simply be wooed by a man who wanted her for nothing more than her womb. It assumed that she was a chess piece, one that existed for the sole reason of giving birth to Leonel so that the Morales might have a legitimate reason for taking over Earth under the eyes of the Human Domain.

It wasn't the accusations themselves, but rather the underlying meaning that completely and totally infuriated her.

Did she look like a woman who could be so easily controlled? Did her womb exist to be used for any purpose but her own? How dare they?

The more Alienor thought about it, the more enraged she seemed to become.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"All of you, scram out of my sight." She looked toward the elders of the Omann family that remained. "If you insist on staying, don't blame me for continuing my slaughter."

The expressions of the Omann family elders all became ugly. Alienor might have defeated Cynthia, but there was still an ample gap between Cynthia and the rest of them. Even if she had won that battle, she shouldn't speak with them so casually.

Alienor's gaze flashed with a dangerous light when it seemed that they were dissatisfied. The Force around her seemed to go out of control and elements of all kinds seemed to warp and form around her. Volcanic Fire Form, raging Water Force, thunderous Lightning, whipping Wind Force, rumbling Earth Force...I think you should take a look at

An endless number of types of elemental Forces took shape in the surrounding, each one as powerful as the last and not one losing out to the other. It was as though there wasn't a Force she couldn't control, and to some extent, that was very much true.

In this world, there wasn't an elemental Force in existence that Alienor could not use. Her affinity for each and everyone couldn't even be scaled properly. And when she was enraged, the world reacted.

[Emperor's Edict].

A violent swirl of Dream Force surged out in all directions, forming a bubble that expanded for thousands of kilometers.

"I said, scram."

The Omann Ancestors felt a shuddering Force collapse around them, and under the eyes of all those present, they suddenly vanished. They were entirely unable to resist.

Alienor felt slightly better now as though she didn't just want to slap Cynthia's face into the afterlife, but to also disrespect her family after she was already gone as well. Only now did her indifference fade into another smile.

Suddenly, a shadow appeared before her, but it was only Velasco. He brought out a handkerchief and began to pat away non-existent sweat from Alienor's brow. Alienor couldn't help but roll her eyes, what was this man always doing. Even so, the smile in her eyes was quite clear.

"Don't overexert yourself for such people, can't you just let me handle such things?"

Alienor pursed her lips. "You never do things right. If it was up to you, my son would still be a fugitive."

Velasco grinned. "Let that brat suffer a bit."

"What did you say about my son?"

"Nothing, nothing, it must have been the wind, dear. Do you want a shoulder massage? You look a little tense."

Velasco shifted to Alienor's back and began to diligently massage her. He truly looked like a dutiful worker bee.

Alienor's gaze shifted and landed on Cross Elder Avan. Speaking of her son being a fugitive, she suddenly remembered who was responsible for that.