Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cross Elder Avan's mustache bristled under his hot breath. This situation wasn't one he liked in the slightest, he had already been suppressed by Leonel's words earlier, but watching his mother and father now, he felt like dealing with this kid was getting further and further away from him.

Seeing that his mother suddenly looked toward him, his brows couldn't help but furrow. He didn't take this woman's strength seriously, he stood atop the Human Domain in terms of strength, a status he shared with very, very few others.

Although she had sent those elders of the Omann family away, that matter wasn't as simple as it seemed. For one, it was a technique they hadn't been experienced with or ready to deal with. Plus, there was the factor of Velasco's gaze. They hadn't even dared to fight back.

But he wasn't so easy to deal with, nor did he feel like he had to give Velasco so much face. The Omann family wasn't very well known for their combat strength, but all Shield Cross Stars did was fight. He had walked through countless bloody battles and corpses to make it to his current stage of life. He wasn't the kind of existence that others could casually hope to deal with with a few glances and a beautiful face.

So, he stared back, his temper threatening to spiral out of control more and more with every passing moment. He didn't look like he had a single care in the world left. Even if the subordinates he had brought with him died, he simply couldn't be bothered to care.

But to his surprise, after giving him what looked to be a gaze of warning, Alienor looked away without another word. She fluttered in the starry skies, seemingly about to land on the Morales flagship.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Hey, hey. How could my wife sit on such a dingy vessel?" Velasco snorted.

The lips of the Morales Ancestors twitched. Dingy? This flagship was on the same level as Shield Cross Star's best flagships. In fact, it was actually a level better, they were a Force Crafting family, after all. There was no one in the Human Domain that could match up to their flagships. This sort of vessel could wipe out a solar system with a single casual fart, what part of it was dingy?

Velasco waved a hand and an enormous boat appeared. It was sleek and silver, and truly built like a vessel more deserving of the ocean's waves than the starry skies. But even so, it was gorgeous and pleasing to the eyes.

However, when it "touched down", the hearts of the Morales Ancestors shuddered. That was because they felt the surrounding space ripple as though it was truly touching the surface of the water. They had never seen such a thing in their lives; just the implications were enough to leave them in stunned silence.

The transition was absolutely seamless, and the distortions calmed a moment later. However, the image of space rippling couldn't leave their minds. It was clear that this vessel was surfing on air, it was surfing on the bounds of reality itself. But it didn't make any sense.

Ripping through space should have been a forceful thing, even if you had a Spatial Force affinity, a high one at that, it would take a large amount of it to cross through space. And to just "soak" in it like this, it would take a continuous output of a steady stream of energy.

But they couldn't feel any of that. It was like this boat was simply in tune with the fabric of reality, being able to touch upon it whenever it wanted and gathering power from it. This was no different than the strength of a god, but Velasco had casually taken such a thing out for no other reason than to please his wife.I think you should take a look at

Many had only heard legends of Velasco, they felt that the importance of elders who had lived far longer than him placed on him was far too much. They thought that some legends were exaggerated, that the real thing couldn't possibly match up to the fanciful stories.

But for those who understood even a little bit about Force Crafting, they came to realize that maybe these stories weren't exaggerated enough. Just this boat alone was enough for Velasco to claim to be unmatched in Force Crafting. There was simply no one that was his equal.

Velasco and Alienor took a calm seat in the silver boat, looking forward toward the glass cube below. However, after a few seconds, Velasco leaned his back and closed his eyes. His glasses darkened and shaded his eyes from lights before the sound of a gentle snore began to echo through the now silent starry skies.

Alienor shook her head, but she didn't disturb her husband. Compared to Velasco, though, the gaze she looked toward the glass cube with was full of fervor and love. It was clear to everyone without guessing who she was observing. Who else could deserve such a gaze from a mother if not her own child?

The atmosphere seemed to calm down, but the last moments of Cynthia, the disrespect of the Omann family, and the destruction of the Quarius family's flagship seemed to continuously replay in their minds.

While everything seemed to have come to an end, the brewing undercurrents only seemed to be getting more and more volatile. The surface was calm, but anyone diving deep would find themselves pinned down, unable to resurface.

The implications of the appearance of Alienor and Velasco were extraordinarily heavy.

...

Leonel looked up into the skies, not quite knowing what was happening, but feeling an odd feeling in his heart. The battle of Eighth Dimensional existences would definitely ripple down here, although it would be greatly muted. Most wouldn't be able to sense it, but he definitely had.

After a moment, he smiled, then his smile turned into a grin.

He looked back down, swiftly claiming the city. Then, he triggered the final Heir Grade upgrade challenge. It was about time he claimed this final sea for