Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It seemed that there was a chance that this would work, but it wasn't perfect either. There were still many issues to fix. For example, how would he transfer such a large amount of water? How would he feed it into the Rain Beasts?

It wasn't like his enemies would give him as much time as he wanted. The methods had to be seamless and extremely quick. But if it couldn't accomplish that, then it was all useless and once again, he might as well give up these beasts entirely.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

He had a solution for the water problem. Thanks to Kira, he still had an ocean's drop vial that could hold an ocean's worth of liquid within. It had once held the blood of a Void Beast, but now it was empty after it was entirely swallowed up by Little Blackstar. It was a simple matter to use it.

Suddenly, Leonel's gaze flashed. That was right, he had once used that vial to transfer golden scaled koi fish around. It was the perfect solution for this. In fact, at the moment, it was filled to the brim with Cleansing Waters. Considering the current Segmented Cube, accumulating such a large amount of Cleansing Waters was child's play.

Obviously, the Segmented Cube itself could be used for such transfer, but Leonel didn't want to use it for a very good reason. Even the Morales weren't aware of the limits of this treasure, it was clear that his father and grandfather had never disclosed these matters.

For one, Leonel felt that there was a reason for this. The more he learned about the Segmented Cube, the more he understood it was no normal treasure. Even the Spear Domain Ring was far inferior to it in his opinion. Just the amount of Cleansing Waters it could produce alone was worthy of being the sole ability of a world changing treasure, but the fact that was just one of its many abilities was shocking.

He felt it was best to hide as much of what it could do from the masses. Until now, he only revealed that it could help him mass produce simple crafts and it contained pods that could help people recover quickly. These weren't quite enough to shock people entirely just yet.

The fact he could use the vial instead was a huge positive. But now, Leonel was thinking of something else. If the Rain Beasts consumed a large amount of Cleansing Waters instead of regular water? How would it change their anatomy? What about their abilities?

Leonel's gaze narrowed. 'Cleansing Waters as an attack method...'

He was used to Cleansing Waters by now, but he had remembered a time that soaking in Cleansing Waters of the Sixth Dimension had been exceptionally painful as it forcefully expelled the impurities in his body. He wondered...

As he thought, Leonel moved. Taking out the familiar crystalline vial, he began to toss the Rain Beasts in one after another. After he solidified his hypotheses, he consulted Aina for a moment and they came up with a plan that they felt might work.

After that, Leonel vanished into the Segmented Cube to finish up some experiments. He stepped out again just an hour later, prepared to move forward.I think you should take a look at

There were no preparations left to make. He was once again at a point where his taking time for accumulation would instead make him fall behind instead. It was time to press forward and take the final leap of fate he would have to. But compared to the last time he made this choice, he had a confident smirk hanging from his lips. It didn't seem nearly as difficult this time around.

However, what Leonel didn't expect was that just as he was about to set out, with everyone prepared and well rested, he would instead have to snap his head in a particular direction.

Standing on his city walls, there was an unexpected character. He had very clearly used a treasure to appear so suddenly and soundlessly, so much so that his eyes flickered with surprise when he realized that Leonel had already noticed his arrival. It was clear that this person had expected to wait at least several seconds, but he had actually been discovered immediately. In fact, if he was correct, Leonel's head was already moving before he had even fully manifested.

This person couldn't help but narrow his eyes.

He looked around silently for a moment. He actually felt slightly uncomfortable taking his eyes off of Leonel at this moment, but he moved as though this discomfort wasn't in his heart at all. With a calm gaze, he scanned over the city, but the more he looked, the more it couldn't help but narrow. Nothing he was seeing seemed to make much sense.

Leonel had only... about 20,000 subordinates? Were the rest elsewhere? Or was it that he had been caught with his pants down? It couldn't be that this was really all he had, right? But then again, now that he thought about it, this was already the final territory of Adawarth's that he had come to check, and this was the only one with anyone in it.

Something was off about this.

Finally, after several seconds, this man finally looked back toward Leonel with calm eyes, only to find that the latter had an amused light hidden within. He didn't seem to take his appearance very seriously at all, it was a confident glance, almost as though he could see through him with absolute ease.

Leonel stood very calmly despite who this individual was. He hadn't expected for the meeting to be so sudden and unexpected, but it also wasn't enough to shock him to the point of being unable to react. At the same time, he didn't seem to have any intention of attacking immediately either, calmly allowing the other observer the state of the city as though he couldn't be bothered to care what he did or didn't find out.

This man was none other than the only Nova Leonel had yet to meet face to face.

Third Nova. Xavnik Morales.