Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At that moment, there was movement in the skies above.

In order to hide this place from prying eyes, the island had been covered in dense clouds. In fact, it wasn't just the island, but the surrounding tens of miles as well. With a single glance, even someone who wasn't quite informed could tell that these clouds couldn't have possibly formed naturally. It was obvious to Leonel that this was related to someone's ability.

Thanks to this, the island had been shrouded in a perpetual darkness even though it was midday. Maybe it was in part due to this that the atmosphere from earlier felt so oppressive.

That said, the clouds served no other purpose aside from concealment. They didn't seem to have any offensive or defensive ability, so when the uninvited guests descended from above in a silver ship, the clouds were completely unable to stop their descent.

The clouds moved aside and quickly reformed, revealing a small boat of about five meters in length. Its deck carried six people.

The man who had spoken earlier stood at the help and looked to be about the same age as Monet. However, to his back, there were five youths no older than Leonel or Mayfly.

Seeing these people appear, an ugly expression took hold of Monet's once calm visage. It was very obvious that she knew who these people were.

"You."

Suddenly, Monet sent a rage fueled gaze toward Leonel, leaving him speechless once again. He also didn't know who the hell these people were, why was he being looked at like it was his fault they had appeared.

However, after a while, Leonel sneered inwardly. To Monet, it didn't matter if he was responsible or not. All she had to do was pretend like he was. In such a way, she had even more reason to apprehend him. In fact, before, it could be said that her actions were still questionable. But now, even Old Hutch wouldn't be able to say anything.

'What a conniving woman.'

However, Leonel still didn't have much of a reaction to this. His mind was running through several calculations. To him, the appearance of a third party was actually an excellent turn of events.

There was, of course, a small chance that this could make things worse for him. This was in the case the two opposing parties decided to work together. But, judging by the situation, that seemed unlikely. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"There's no need to react this way, Monet. We can do this the easy way. Just give up six entry slots and everything will be fine. If not, we can always do things the hard way."

In truth, the man who stood at the helm of the silver boat hadn't expected a Supreme to be here today. He had come as a precautionary measure so that these youths didn't lose their lives. Plus, with him here, bullying those Commander rank folks below would be as easy as breathing.

If it wasn't for the fact she had suddenly shown up, he wouldn't even bother to speak at all, he would have directly swooped in. In fact, it was an act of giving face that he only brought a total of six including himself. This way, the backlash from the Slayer Legion wouldn't be too exaggerated.

But, if he had known a Supreme would be here, he would have definitely brought more people. Not so that they could enter, but so that they would have a stronger hand for negotiations.

What the man could have never expected was that an esteemed Supreme would come here for the sake of a boy of not even 20 years of age.

"Impossible." Monet took a hard stance. "Scram back to where you came from. Your Adurna family isn't welcome here."

Leonel cocked an eyebrow. 'Adurna family? Is that another hidden family…?'

Seeing how they all had blue hair and eyes, Leonel felt that this was very likely the case. At the same time, he was speechless as well. What was with all these families having the same eye and hair colors? It can't be that they were… inbreeding, right?

Leonel shuddered.

"I see… It seems that this is the way you want to do thin —"

SHUUU!

At that moment, something not a single person expected to happen occurred. Leonel, without saying a word to anyone, suddenly dashed forward. His speed was so fast that sounds of the wind splitting apart followed his figure.

Let alone Monet, even the man from the Adurna family was stunned. No one had expected such a thing.

This child's guts… weren't they too large?

"You dare?!"

"Hold it right there!"

"Boy!"

The last roar was from Big Buddha himself. It could be said of those the most offended by Leonel's comments, he could rank at the very top. His loyalty to the Slayer Legion was far beyond anything Leonel could imagine. After all, as a person who had never truly had an undying passion in his life, how could Leonel understand this man?

Because of this, even when the Adurna family appeared, Big Buddha's rage had still been focused on Leonel. It was just that the boy had completely ignored him. But, as a result, Big Buddha was the first to notice Leonel's actions and was also the first to react.

The path forward wasn't exactly easy. The surrounding 100 meter space of the Zone had been completely cleared out. Outside of this radius, there were many crew members of the Slayer Legion tasked with maintaining the Force Disruption Towers.

Compared to those people, Leonel could be considered to be in the middle. Many were behind him, but many were also in front of him. And, of those ahead of him, there were a few who had either passed the inspection before him or had special privileges and as such, had no need to go through such procedures.

However, despite seeing these obstacles before him, Leonel's heart was calm. His actions seemed foolish, but this kind of chaos was exactly what he needed.

As expected, as soon as Leonel charged toward the Zone gate, the leading man of the Adurna family suddenly narrowed his gaze. He had already decided. So long as Leonel reached a certain level of closeness, he too would rush in.

Everyone knew how Zones worked. The moment one entered, the gate would begin to close. If no others entered in time, the Zone would close. This meant that everyone would be on a timer the instant the first person entered…