Simona took a breath and stood to her feet.

She had indeed promised to side with Leonel. Very few would understand why she would do such a thing, or more importantly, why it was that her family seemed to be alright with it.

Simona was the most talented junior born to the Pyius family in an extremely long time. But what many didn't know was that her status in her Paternal Clan was even more important.

This was an extremely odd matter, and also one that very few knew about. That was because it was far too unconventional, and her Godlen family, her father's family, was far too reclusive. They tended toward nature, so aside from worshipping their God and raising their beasts, they didn't interfere with any matters, much less the politics of the human world.

If not to avoid the spotlight being placed on them, Simona would have never been sent to the Void Palace in the first place.

This might sound odd. After all, if you wanted to avoid detection, why do the opposite of that by sending such a genius to be placed upon the Queen Beauty rankings? However, it was precisely because of this clever maneuvering of public opinion that the Godlen family was able to keep themselves separate from worldly affairs by not allowing others to talk to them.

The fact that the Matriarch of the Pyius family had married the nameless man of an unknown family would have been shocking news enough. However, if the child between them was also under the rules and regulations of his nameless family as well, this would go from a cute love story where the underdog gained victory, to something many speculated about.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The weight of marriage alliances was quite heavy, this was seen by the fact that even the likes of Amery and the Spiritual Religion Heiress could be married off for the sake of their families. The idea of Simona's mother marrying a man without a hint of reputation was entirely unheard of.

It had to be known that as someone that could become the Matriarch of a Constellation family, Matriarch Pyius was no normal woman. She too had once been on the Queen Beauty rankings, and outside of Cynthia, there was rarely anyone else of her generation that could match up to her.

Due to all of this, after Simona was born, in order to avoid the speculation of the public, her outward face was that of a genius of the Pyius family, with her father's family being of secondary concern. In fact, even her last name wasn't Godlen, but rather Pyius.

It painted the image that Simona's mother had managed to pick her love, but in order to compromise with her family, her daughter's future, along with any other children she might have, were under the control of the Pyius family.

But the reality was very far from this. In fact, it might be more accurate to say that the Pyius family was quite subordinate to the Godlen family, and her parents had not a single ounce of strain between the two of them. When she visited the Godlen family, she was even referred to as Mistress Godlen. There was definitely no fear on the Godlen family's part about offending the Pyius family.I think you should take a look at

So why was all of this important? It all went back to Simona's little purple puppy.

As a member of the Godlen and Pyius family, she was actually born with two Lineage Factors, not one. This was exceptionally rare, as one understood. The Morales family had billions of Novas in this generation, but only seven had been born with two Lineage Factors. The Suiard family was likewise in this situation, but there were only four in their current generation, and one of them was Amery.

However, this wasn't the important part. What was important wasn't Simona's raw talent, but rather what kind of talent it was.

The Godlen's Lineage Factor was known as the Natural Beast Lineage Factor. When a woman gave birth to a seed of the Godlen family, she would actually give birth to two things. The first was their child, and the second was known as the Natural Beast Core, an existence that looked very much like an egg.

Setting aside the oddity of a human woman birthing an egg, this egg could be considered to be the most important existence to the life of a Godlen family child. That was because one's talent was split between themselves and this creature, and this creature was also the outlet through which all of the Godlen's family's strength was produced.

One could see through the talent of a child easily by testing this egg. However, for Simona, this hadn't even been necessary. That was because the instant she and her beast companion were born, the phenomena that was triggered was the likes of which the Godlen family had never seen. And if the Godlen family had been aware, the only phenomena that could have possibly matched up was Leonel's own and the birth of his Scarlet Star Force Innate Node.

That was the level Simona was at.

Unfortunately, the more talented you were as a Godlen family member, the more time it took for your beast companion to grow. And, while your beast companion had yet to mature, not only could you not use the Godlen's family's strength, but your improvement speed was only a fraction of what it could be because more than 90% would be diverted to your companion.

The moment she was born, Simona was already slated to be the next leader of the Godlen family. In fact, she matched up with the prophecy of their ancient teachings. With her appearance, the Godlen family would finally be allowed to come out of seclusion, establishing their might and saving the Human Domain from their calamity.

However... due to the schemes of Xavnik and Rosen, Simona had been separated from her beast companion during the teleportation to the Rapax Nest. This had cut off all her potential and crumbled the hope of the Godlen family... Until Leonel suddenly returned it.