Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's smile didn't fade as he finally released Aina's waist. He slipped off the back of the lion beast and his figure flickered. With a speed that was difficult to spot, he appeared atop the walls. He wore a calm expression as the 10 million troops below rumbled into motion.

His actions didn't seem to make much sense. Down below, his own army, which was only a fraction of the size, was in a precarious situation and there very clearly wasn't any time to open the city gates without also risking the entry of Xavnik's army as well. It looked as though Leonel's people would be crushed first, before Simona's people followed soon afterward.

This was clear to everyone, except for Leonel himself, apparently.

Just then the lion beasts roared, leaping forward. Their numbers were large, numbered upward of 200 000. However, compared to a sea of 10 million, it really seemed as though it would be worth much. Until, suddenly, collars around their neck began to glow one after another.

Their manes flourished and grew a striking shade of gold, until that light suddenly peeled away, forming a circular disk of golden light. This circular disk moved before the heads of the charging lion beasts, snapping into place as they connected with one another one by one.

Suddenly, the charging sea of lion beasts formed a golden shield that spanned hundreds of meters, blocking the path forward for the army of 10 million rushing for them.

Leonel hadn't used the lion beasts until now, but that wasn't because he had forgotten about them. They were simply not very useful in the ocean waters. Although it wasn't like they were helpless in the water, the tradeoff wasn't worth it, especially if that meant that he had to reveal another trump card.

This time, though, was a perfect situation for them. The collars they were wearing currently were mass produced Crafts created under the efforts of the Segmented Cube. It was one size fits all and each one was of the Life Grade. Their only purpose was to convert the large well of the Seventh Dimensional Force these pitiful beasts were in control over into a formation of powerful defenses.

Back when Leonel had formed the armors for the stingrays, he had thought of using this method, but he had decided against it in the end because he wanted something more powerful, and that would require taking into account the unique measurements of each individual stingray.

Now, however, he just needed a crude measure... of course, the definition of "crude" to Leonel's eyes and the eyes of others was vastly different... Especially when...

BANG!

The frontline of Xavnik's warriors rammed into the illusory golden shield walls. They hadn't hesitated for even a moment, already imagining the scene of the shields collapsing. Even if they had been against the sturdy shields of Shield Cross Stars, they would only have been a little hesitant, let alone now.

However, to their astonishment, the first line was repelled. They soared backward, but not very far only because there simply wasn't anywhere to go but toward the second line... then the third...

The army's charge collapsed, the spearheads crumbling beneath the pressure.

Leonel didn't say a word as the lion beasts shifted their stances, digging in their heels and setting a hard line of defenses. He only gave Simona an almost careless gaze, and she snapped out of her stupor.

"Archers!" Simona roared.

At that moment, several bird beasts soared into the skies, their archers priming their bows and releasing in waves.

Leonel took a glance up into the skies, a light smile on his face. This Golden family definitely fascinated him. He had put quite some effort into raising Little Blackstar, and it could be said that they had some tacit understanding, but it couldn't compare to the skills of this Golden family at all. Whether their beasts had more potential or strength than Blackstar was one matter, but just their coordination alone was a beautiful thing.

They flew in perfect formation, raining down an assault of arrows.

PAK! PAK! PAK!

The sound of flesh being pierced echoed throughout the battlefield, but the expected cries of agony, pain and fear didn't follow. There were some roars, but they were all defiant, while the mass majority seemed to remain silent even in the face of death.

Leonel retrieved his gaze from the top of the city walls, an amused glint in his eyes. These main soldiers of Xavnik were, indeed, excellent.

"Bulldoze," Leonel said lightly.

Just at that moment, it seemed that the lion beasts were wavering and their shields were about to collapse. But then they rose up from their position, roaring as they rushed forward again.

Their line of shields pulsed with a light that repelled enemies.

"Hold," Leonel commanded again.

The lion beasts once again came to a stop after pushing the battle line just 10 or so meters, their shields flickering in and out as though they might collapse at any moment.

"Bulldoze," Leonel commanded once more.

They rose, rushing forward and pushing back the combat line another ten meters.

Xavnik's cold gaze watched this scene. He seemed to have a small idea now of how Leonel had accomplished so much. It seemed that the best Crafter among the Nova Heirs wasn't Fifth Nova after all. However, it still wasn't enough.

"Release," Xavnik commanded.

At that moment, the 10 million strong army that was being quickly whittled down suddenly retreated. They ignored their fallen comrades and didn't make any attempt to save those that had fallen beneath their charge. They raised their polearms, some with pikes, others with halberds, and some with spears.

Their armors trembled and their faces were covered by helmets, even the seams within being subtly covered. It was to the point that even their eyes couldn't be seen any longer, not even through a small slit. Each one had become like a tank, their steps causing the ground to rumble and quake.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Leonel's lips suddenly curled into a grin.