Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

A large surge of Light Force took shape and [Instant Recovery] was cast once more. Leonel attached his hands to his wrist and they seemed to seamlessly fuse in an instant, without even the slightest effort. He was in perfect condition just a few moments later.

He thought back to that shadow and couldn't help but have several thoughts about the matter. Was that a Shadow Sovereign ability? It wasn't impossible, though it felt slightly different. This was especially so the Three Finger Cult seemed to have a fascination with Shadow Sovereigns to begin with. They definitely had the highest concentration of such experts in the whole of the Human Domain.

Leonel shook his head and looked toward Aina. "Is it enough?"

Aina took a gaze at the still flowing cloud of poison and shook her head. "It's way too much."

Leonel laughed. That was a good thing. It was better to have too much than to have too little. This made things much easier and the amount of effort Aina would need to put in was much less. It was just unfortunate they had traded in the lives of so many lion beasts for this result.

The Skies family and Oryx family only had worshipful gazes. They hadn't known all of Leonel's plans, but seeing everything go so smoothly made them feel that it didn't matter much. They hadn't even been forced to put their lives on the end.

All of them had been there when Leonel had spoken to Xavnik, and many of them had even been skeptical about what it was that Leonel was trying to accomplish by handing over so much information. But seeing that even such a thing had worked out for them perfectly in the end, there was simply nothing that they could muster aside from deep admiration at this point. It felt like they were witnessing the rise of an Emperor, but he already had all the intelligence, bearing, and even experience that he should have only gained in the future.

Leonel finally looked toward Simona and the others. He hadn't originally come to the Morales with the belief that the Pyius family would be on his side. As he had said back then, he didn't know much about the Godlen family to begin with. However, the more he learned, the more intrigued he was.

If there could be one such hidden family, why couldn't there be more? He even wondered if this Godlen family was similar to the Brazingers and the other three of the Four Great Families.

He still had a lot of questions in his mind about the purpose of this world and that of the people trying to interfere with it. For example, were the Brazingers and Three Finger Cult on the same side? If they weren't, then how was it that the creators of this world had allowed their enemies into an important thing? Or was it that the figures behind the Three Finger Cult and the Four Great Families were all just different factions of the same power so they all had equal access but different thoughts on how things should proceed? Or maybe it was that the nature of such a simulation in the first place necessitated that it be vulnerable to the influence of outsiders?Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

He truly did have too many questions and not enough answers. He even had half a mind to start interrogating Anya's sister, but he honestly very much doubted that she would have many answers.I think you should take a look at

For some reason, although Harmony was apparently the elder sister, Anya felt far more unfathomable to Leonel. The fact that they were twins made even less sense to him. There was definitely something important related to this matter, but he also had a feeling that it wouldn't be long before he met that woman again. This time, it was less likely that they would still be so friendly.

Even though he had all of these questions, Leonel didn't make any effort to ask Simona about them. As far as he was concerned, she likely didn't know as much as he hoped, and if he began to ask even roundabout questions, it opened him up to potentially being exposed by others.

Simona was just as cold as he remembered her, although her gaze carried a hint of something different when she looked at him. It seemed to be a surprise and a tinge of respect.

Simona had probably, rightfully, looked down on most of her generation. She was seen as on par with them despite having the vast majority of her talent sealed, so she never really took any of them seriously.

When she lost that battle against Aina, she had very much wanted her revenge, but she hadn't expected things to turn out this way in the end.

"Those deserters are pretty useful," Leonel suddenly said. "Can you send some people to round them up? It'll make things much more convenient later on."

Simona blinked before she nodded slowly. She looked toward the young man with the flaming black lion beast to her side and he understood, immediately taking action to give out orders.

"It will be difficult to use them in battle. Most of them only participated to be under Xavnik to begin with. Those that have already given up that dream only really fall into two camps. The first, and likely the largest majority, are simply done with the Heir Wars and want nothing else but to wait for things to die out until they are transported out.

"The second group is likely the minority and they might have realized that with so few of us remaining, they might still have a chance to become their own Heirs. It has to be remembered that most of them entered as Heirs on their own, so they don't need to wait for Xavnik to escape. Of those that remain, they probably just want to maintain some of their face or see if they have a chance at becoming the ultimate winner."

Leonel chuckled when he heard Simona's analysis. "That's not bad analysis, indeed. You're missing something, though."