As expected, most of those who remained of Xavnik's subordinates were not fans of what Leonel was trying to do, and that was especially so for those of them that had survived the explosion of lion beasts. However, even for this latter group, it was only a matter of allowing James, Elthor and the others to have some fun of their own.

The moment they took action, the weakened remaining members found themselves crushed.

Out of curiosity, Leonel took one of their armors. But after a glance, he shook his head. He guessed that it was decent, at the Gold Grade, that is. But it wasn't anything worthy of turning his head. If anything, it was just a waste of materials, albeit impressive that Xavnik managed to gather so much materials to waste in the first place.

Had Xavnik known Leonel's thoughts at this moment, he might have been angered to the point of aggravating all of his injuries. But these were just Leonel's true sentiments. The current him felt that even his most recent Crafts weren't up to par, let alone the Crafts of others.

This aside, it didn't particularly matter to Leonel that these armors weren't very good. What was most important was that they were easily recognizable.

That was right. Leonel planned to use the illusion of Xavnik to deal with those that remained. After he finished, it would be about time to have the final battle between himself and Amery. The first he had lost, the second he had won, and this third one would conclude the saga. Although his expression didn't seem to show much, he could still remember that day all too clearly.

Leonel's gaze flickered with something unrecognizable, his lip curling.

Suddenly, he moved, vanishing. When he appeared again, his palm descended upon Ysemsan's head with such force that the latter's knees crashed to the ground, leaving two deep pits. Ysemsan couldn't even resist. He grit his teeth hard, but there was simply no fighting against it.

Although he was outwardly enraged, his heart itself was palpitating. He had never thought that Leonel's individual strength was actually so great. From beginning to end, it had felt like he had relied on nothing more than his mind, it was to the point that Ysemsan hadn't even reacted to Leonel's movement, not believing that the latter would dare to react.

This sudden change didn't catch just him off guard, but the others who had been roundup as well, not to mention the members of the Pyius and Godlen family that were observing from the city walls. Their expressions all changed.

One moment, Leonel was smiling, and in the next, he had released an explosive energy they were certain over 90% of them couldn't hope to counter... And that was despite him not having stepped foot into the Seventh Dimension yet.

"Don't glare at me," Leonel said with a smile.

He bent down, resting the hamstrings on his heels as he looked the kneeling Ysemsan into the eye. With a flash, a strong violet Force descended and Ysemsan felt as though his mind had been imprinted.

"You probably don't need me to explain to what that is, right? Your only use to me is to command the rest of these people," Leonel spoke and then looked up. "As for the rest of you all, you will listen to him. Of course, if you're obedient and attack as I tell you, those of you that survive I won't touch. In fact, once I become the Heir of the Morales family, I'll use my power to make sure that Xavnik can't target your families on the backend."I think you should take a look at

The upper echelons watching this scene were probably grinding their teeth. To them, Xavnik was their leader and they understood the backstory behind all these matters. Unfortunately, these youths had no idea and ate Leonel's words up.

Of course, they also believed that Leonel had no idea what was going on. If they knew that he was well aware, their teeth might very well shatter from grinding so much. The fact he knew made this matter all the more sinister.

Hearing Leonel's words, the rounded up subordinates slowly nodded.

Those of them that had had hopes of becoming the new winners realized how foolish their thoughts had been. They had been crushed with just a little effort on Simona's part, how could they have lasted until the end? Leonel himself hadn't even made a move.

In their eyes, Leonel was of course the greatest threat. The Pyius family didn't compare to the Morales family, and it was Leonel who had crushed Xavnik's army with just a few words and schemes. So, the fact that it was Simona and not Leonel that crushed them made them give up all of their dreams before they could even manifest.

As for those that had just wanted to last until the end and survive, Leonel's words about protecting their families were the greatest lure.

Once again, just with a few seemingly minor and unimportant decisions, Leonel had dealt with the situation perfectly, gripping onto the weaknesses of both groups with just a single action.

"Good," Leonel said with a light smile. "Your task is simple, the only thing you'll do is attack the Spirituals Religion, just like you planned to do originally."

The expressions of many changed. Without the backing of Xavnik, and considering the fact most of their best elite troops had been crushed, this was practically suicide. However, in the end, they could only grit their teeth. They truly didn't have much of a choice.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Leonel nodded to himself.

In truth, they were thinking too much. It was precisely because Xavnik wasn't present and the elite troops were nowhere to be seen that they would survive.

What would one think if an easily recognizable army suddenly appeared without their center pieces? Wouldn't they be wary? Wouldn't they be hesitant? Wouldn't they be on a constant lookout for where Xavnik might appear?

And that was exactly what Leonel wanted.