Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Suiard family had been very silent in this span of time. It could even be said that they were quite silent throughout the Heir Wars. Amery hadn't seemed to be very interested in expanding his territory, and he hadn't even made much headway toward the ocean. In fact, his territory was actually quite a distance from the coast despite the fact that he did, indeed, control all the land between this place and it.

From the beginning, the only large scale clash that the Suiard family had had was actually against their only ally. It was quite ironic, actually. But other than this, Amery had truly not done much. It was as though he was waiting for someone, waiting for someone he knew would definitely come.

This stance by the Suiard family was truly baffling. That was because they were considered to be the de facto leaders of the sword families of the Human Domain, and unlike the Morales family that never really cared to gather up all the spear masters, the Suiard family actually had subordinated many of them.

As such, if Amery had wanted, he could have been a lot like Xavnik, gathering up many Heirs under his banner and using it to sweep through the competition.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

But he hadn't.

Why would he waste his time with such a thing? He wasn't like the trash of the Morales family.

The Suiard family had their own version of the Heir Wars, but it didn't have the bounds of a competition, it didn't have a start date or end date, nor were there rules against killing. The only rule was that no one beneath the Seventh Dimension could be targeted, only then would they become part of the boundless competition.

However, before even entering the Seventh Dimension, in fact even before entering the Sixth, all of Amery's brothers had already submitted to him. He had been the decided leader of the Suiard family ever since he was 12 years old, he didn't have competition in his generation, nor did he take anyone seriously. Even his so-called fiancée, a half-Spiritual, was no match for him.

If it wasn't for the face of his family, he wouldn't have cared to come in the first place.

In reality, he really only had two goals for this trip. The first was to conveniently deal with that guy they insisted on calling the Bow Deity, as far as he was concerned that guy was far too annoying. Placing another on his level was a bit ridiculous.

The second was even simpler, and that was to defeat whoever was last to remain and came to challenge him for ultimate victory. Nothing more, nothing less. He didn't really give a damn about anything else.

And finally, it seemed that that day had come.

Amery slowly opened his eyes. Up in the skies, a young man stood with a smile on his face, but just this simple smile made Amery's pupils constrict. That was because it was too casual, too relaxed. It felt like Leonel wasn't even here for him, but was rather here to conveniently deal with him since he was obstructing his path.

Of course, Amery remembered that he had suffered defeat at Leonel's hands, but he never took that matter to heart. As his grandfather had said, there was no room for excuses, so he would willingly allow Leonel that victory, but that didn't mean that he had to take the man himself seriously.

Back then, Leonel had used a treasure bow to increase his Bow Force usage. In truth, Amery could have disregarded that usually as well, if it wasn't for the fact most of his strength was sealed away while suppressing the Tribulation. Knowing this, it was only natural that he didn't take Leonel seriously. In fact, he hadn't even thought that Leonel would be among the last standing.

Amery slowly stood to his feet.I think you should take a look at

He stood within the top floor of a tower. While the others did, this floor in particular didn't have glass windows, opening them up to the weather.

The window billowed as he took a step forward, appearing in the skies as well. He didn't seem intent on drawing his blade. Looking at Leonel's calm smile despite how close he was, Amery's expression remained placid.

Even against a Seventh Dimensional existence, at this distance, it would only take a thought for Amery to kill them.

Suddenly...SHIIIING!The howl of a sword echoed and the violence of a sharpening blade split the skies. A rotating cyclone of Sword Force formed in an instant, it was so fast that its manifestation wasn't seen. However...ROAR!The spiraling manifestation of Spear Force formed just as fast, rotating around Leonel's body and clashing with Amery's cyclone.

Two young men stood in the skies, their Force grinding against one another. It looked as though two mighty golden hurricanes had formed in the skies, creating two eyes of the storm that shredded everything in their path apart.

The entire city was thrown into disorder. Members of the Sina family and the other lower level Sword families, along with members of the Suiard family, had already been alerted to Leonel's arrival long ago. But before they could react, he had already made it to Amery, making them realize that this was definitely no simple opponent.

Seeing this, their gazes were painted with horror as they all retreated at their fastest speed, dodging out of the way of flying shards of glass, collapsing buildings, and most important, residual blades of Spear and Sword Force.

Suddenly, it all came to a stop. Amery's robes fluttered as Leonel's linen shirt threatened to fly from his body, clinging against his torso with such force under the harsh winds that every peak and crevice of his chiseled physique could be seen.

Amery was silent. Of all the things he had thought would happen, he would have never guessed that Leonel's Spear Force would actually be on the same level as his Sword Force.

No... Technically he was a level below. He had already formed Seventh Dimensional Sword Force, but he could actually only be equal to Leonel's Sixth Dimensional Spear Force.

Without a word, Amery slowly pulled out two swords, his gaze tranquil.

Those days he spent in the Tribulation were some of the best days of his life. He had simply never met anyone on his level before.

He had faced a bottleneck in his Sword Force for too long, it was about time a whetstone came to him.

-----

Erdiul Notes: I remember when Amery was actually sort of an interesting character, but in the end he truly just manifested into a typical young master. A shame.