Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's spear was surrounded by a spiraling red-gold and silver-gold light. It wrapped around it tightly, dancing as though they had minds of their own. His arm and his spear seemed to have become one. By extension, his armor and his spear seemed to have likewise fused into one.

The phantom of a roaring panda barely took shape, his three long fox tails continuing to stir the clouds in the skies. Across from him, Amery seemed to have grown a size, towering to over seven feet. His horns were menacing, and the depths of his crimson eyes looked as though one was staring into the depth of an erupting volcano.

His swords trembled slightly under the tightness of his grip, one dripping with a viscous Force that looked no different from streaks of thick blood, and the other emitting plumes of endless Dark Force so dense that the shape of its body was impossible to spot perfectly.

The skies trembled around the both of them, the muted hums of their weapons causing mountains to quake and the air to split around them, unwilling to get close for fear of being severed to their very roots.

BANG!

Leonel moved with an impossible to track speed, the billowing steam of Force surging from the valves of his Divine Armor becoming a pair of fiery wings that blotted out the skies.

Amery didn't seem to move an inch, or rather, his legs didn't. His arms instead became blurs, meeting the dance of Leonel's spear without a hint of calm. His aura became savage, his blades wanting for blood and his gaze piercing like streaks of red lightning.

His Dark Force sword was ethereal and difficult to track. It seemed to slip in and out of the shadows, a sinister dance of subtlety and shrewdness making it almost impossible to track.

His Gaia Force sword was akin to crashing waves. It was heavy and relentless, carrying the weight of the earth and the persistence of trickling water. It was all held together by a surging Life Force, endless and unfathomable.

Leonel's own spear didn't seem to have a direct style at all, but its flexibility and smoothness was undeniable. Sometimes it was speedy, others time forceful, yet other times crafty and still yet direct. His skill alone made spear masters blush with shame, they couldn't fathom such a use having grasped such a skill in a weapon they had dedicated centuries to.

The two didn't seem to be moving at all. If it wasn't for the blur of their arms and the destruction of the world around him, it would be impossible to tell that they were battling at all.

At the same time, it was as though each were wielding dozens of blades. Amery's swords appeared from all sorts of angles, hundreds of blade tips and edges separating through space, attacking Leonel from all sides. As for Leonel's spear, even when he seemed to strike out just a single time, it was dispersed through both space and time, layering atop one another and making it seem as though he had endless pairs of arms and countless spears.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The echoing sounds of their clashes rumbled and layered atop of one another, the bounds of the Heir War planet threatening to collapse entirely. In the end, this wasn't a true Eighth Dimensional world although Elder Hito had simulated the pressure. It was ultimately just a world of the Seventh Dimension, and whether it was Leonel or Amery...I think you should take a look at

Both of them were True Sovereigns.

Streaks of golden Sword and Spear Force blotted out the rumbling of the clouds. As darkness fell, it felt as though the brightness of the sun was still present among them all.

Leonel's Scarlet Star Force constantly fought to erode Amery's Gaia Force. At the same time, Amery's Gaia Force was like an anchor, sinking into Leonel's endless streams of fire and stripping them of their strength.

At the same time, Leonel's Emulation Spatial Force forced Amery's Dark Force to continuously manifest itself. Under its strength it was as though it wasn't allowed to be formless and shapeless, grasped by the power of Leonel's control over space. Whether it chose to hide in the shadows or manifested within reality, it would be found nonetheless.

Only the Ancestors seemed to realize that the battle of this pair of Sword and Spear Sovereigns were occurring both in reality and within the void. The amount of foresight and skill it was taking for the both of them to display this kind of strength wasn't something that should have appeared in the younger generation.

Amery's wrist twisted, his Dark Force sword suddenly losing all form. It wasn't just the Force, but rather the blade itself that had vanished. In that moment, it became clear that Amery's sword was actually of the Life Grade.

Leonel's spear missed it, unprepared for this sudden change and his shoulder was pierced. Despite the sudden change, Leonel didn't seem to react in the slightest. His Scarlet Star Force circulated and crushed the Dark Force that was threatening to enter his body. At the same time, his spear, which had missed its target, didn't pause or stop for even a moment, shredding a path into Amery's shoulder instantly as well.

The two drew blood at the same time, retreating a step before exploding forth with an even greater power. At that moment, just as suddenly as the last change, the darkening skies turned entirely black. A surge of Universal Force descended, basking Amery in an endless light that couldn't be seen by most in the slightest.

Day and night were overturned, then reverted once again, it seemed that whichever sword Amery chose to attack with would decide even the state of the world itself.

His power jumped explosively, and several cuts were torn into Leonel's armor. Leonel's gaze remained fiery and fierce, his spear changing to a more defensive stance. His spear blade became like a net.

"Impenetrable by the wind, untouchable by the light. As vast as the skies and sturdy as the earth."

His Spear Force trembled, streams covering him from all sides.