Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Amery's expression became dignified, his heart turning as cold as steel. He took a deep breath and then exhaled slowly. He couldn't see anything in this world of gold, but he didn't need to. His Cosmos had become his eyes, his sword his heart, there was nothing that they couldn't be guided to.

In this state of tranquility, Amery seemed to break through once again. His swords swayed to his sides, pointing at the ground at an angle. His chest was entirely open to attack, but his breath was unhurried.

Suddenly, when Leonel's spear strike was upon him, his eyes flashed open, a blinding light of radiance coming from them. Meeting Leonel's amethyst, pearly-like eyes, one of his one became a dense black pearl and the other a magenta one. He looked toward the world with this sword of dichotomy, a silence of the ages falling.

And then, there was a howl. His swords seemed to come to life, his Sword Domain Ring shaking fiercely. He drew two circles with his swords and then suddenly pierced forward.

The entire Human Domain held their breaths. It was only just a few fractions of a second, these fractions felt like an eternity. They seemed to feel the weight of this battle. It wasn't just about choosing a winner, it was about choosing the future leader of the Human Domain. None of the other youths they had seen could compare to these two in terms of talent and future potential. No matter how good one's Crafting was... Strength reigned supreme.

BOOM! Leonel and Amery shot backward, their speeds faster than anything they had displayed until this point, and it was precisely because of the power of their strikes. They both spit out a mouthful of blood, but compared to Amery, Leonel's state had already been absolutely terrible. He couldn't afford such an injury at this moment, he had already been hanging on by a thread to begin with.

Leonel landed on the ground heavily for the first time in the battle, but he pierced his spear into the ground, drawing a deep trench through the ground until he came to a stop. He heaved for breath, blood hacking up from time to time.

That was indeed the strongest strike he was capable of in this state. That was a spear strike that touched upon the Fourth Layer, although it was in the Sixth Dimension, that wasn't something that most in the Human Domain could fathom.

He was certain. If an Ancestor wasn't prepared for this strike, he could definitely severely injure them with this strike. For context, for most even Tier 9 Seventh Dimensional existences, even if a Tier 1 Ancestor stood still and allowed you to attack them for days on end, you would be lucky to leave even a single mark on their skin.

The higher one's Dimension, the larger the gaps. But... Leonel hadn't expected for Amery to actually touch upon the Third Layer of Seventh Dimensional Sword Force in that final moment. That man was truly a genius, even in such a perilous situation, he was able to make such progress.

Leonel coughed up another mouthful of blood, shaking his head. Amery's Gaia Force was truly powerful. His Scarlet Star Force was having a hard time dealing with it properly.

It couldn't be helped. Amery had had his Innate Node for over 30 years. Leonel had only had his in his possession for less than four years total, and even then it was mutated and didn't allow him to take proper control of it. He was ironically making faster progress with his Emulation Spatial Force now only because it was actually normal.

He slowly stood to his feet, suppressing Amery's Gaia Force and not allowing it to rampage about.

In the distance, about a hundred meters away, a meaningless distance to them, Leonel could see Amery standing to his feet. Amery had a trickle of blood falling down his lips, and his face was pale, but other than that, he seemed to be perfectly fine.

The Human Domain seemed to collectively release a sigh. Indeed, it seemed that it was quite obvious who had come out on top this time. Amery might have been slightly injured and a little weak, but other than being tired, there wasn't much else wrong with him. The winner was clear.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The Suiard family exhaled a breath of air they hadn't known they had been holding. They had never expected for a Sixth Dimensional existence to push Amery to this point. They couldn't help but shudder... That was right, Leonel wasn't in the Seventh Dimension yet...

Amery took deep breaths and eventually regulated his breathing. His Gaia Force trembled and large amounts of Life Force seemed to connect directly to him. Ironically, now that he was on land, the effect of his Gaia Force was even more prominent and powerful. His recovery speed was at least ten times what it had been in the air, and the paleness of his face was quickly recovering.

"It seems that... My ring will be staying with me today," Amery said lightly. "If you don't want to die, I would suggest breaking your badge now. Though... If you cower in this way, it's like you won't ever be my opponent again."

Amery didn't talk often. There were only two kinds of people that he spared words on, people he felt deserved it, and people that he truly looked down upon.

Ironically, Leonel had been on both sides of his opinion. In the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone, he had spoken harsh words toward Leonel because he had truly felt that he was too pathetic.

And now, he was speaking to Leonel like he would an equal. As for sparing Leonel, he never really considered it. That was because he felt that although Leonel was still in the Sixth Dimension, so long as he continued to improve, he would never be able to catch up even if he let him leave. Plus, if someone was spared like this, the genius they had once been would be gone. There was no use in saving a crippled genius who no longer held any sort of self belief.

However, who would have expected for Leonel to chuckle at that moment. Amery wasn't very surprised. If Leonel cowered at this moment, he wouldn't have been a person he acknowledged in the first place. But what did surprise him were Leonel's actual words.

"I think you're forgetting something," Leonel said lightly. Amery recalled instantly. He wasn't a fool, he had been paying attention to the second Leonel all this time, but somewhere around the 200th attack, it had lost its aura entirely.

Wait, wasn't that the moment that Leonel had suddenly deployed that odd world of gold? Amery's pupils constricted and the world was enveloped by a galaxy warping aura descended.

Leonel smiled. Despite being bloodied and beaten, he was incomparably relaxed. He shook his spear and that aura that had vanished seemed to double.

"You see... I can send out that spear strike twice. As for the arrow that's about to descend... Well, let's just say it's easily ten times more powerful than both."

How could it not be? Although Leonel's Spear Dance was more flexible and allowed him to use it in battle while maintaining his movement, what it couldn't do was... Accumulate it all into a single strike.

Leonel suddenly stepped forward and pierced out a second spear strike.

Amery's hair stood on end. He had yet to accumulate enough himself to parry, although he was recovering quickly, it wasn't quickly enough. He couldn't even deal with this second spear strike, how would he handle the arrow that was coming?

He had... actually lost?