Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The arrow streaked across the skies as though it could split reality in two. Despite the fact an attack, devastating in its own right, was coming from Leonel's spear didn't seem to change anything at all... because all one could seem to focus on was that spiraling arrow.

The world was divided into four, the split prongs of the arrow rotating and leaving complete wave-like patterns across the ground and within the clouds above.

Everything in its path was shredded apart, and when it had only made it halfway to its destination, Leonel's spear suddenly met Amery's swords.

That pair of Life Grade swords shuddered, their bodies losing a great amount of shine as their owner was sent flying backward, digging a deep trench into the ground that embedded him like an etching upon a stone wall.

Amery couldn't move. His body was shaking involuntarily, his hands barely strong enough to hold onto his swords.

He looked up into the skies, only having time to complete that action alone before Leonel's arrow appeared before him, shooting through his chest and releasing an explosion that echoed throughout the land.

The sound was so loud that nothing else could be heard. It was difficult to tell even when it had stopped, the sharp whistling sound of deafness and damaged hearing being all that most could listen to. Even when they covered their ears, trying to escape from the destruction, it followed them, filling their minds with sensory information they would never be able to forget.

Leonel breathed out, his chest heaving. He looked into the skies, his eyes closing. Despite his injuries, he stood tall. The loud noises didn't seem to bother him in the slightest, and the rumbling ground beneath his feet couldn't stop him from standing tall and unbothered.

As the sounds died down, a smile curled his lips. Nothing could seem to bother him at the moment.

He was truly a man who held grudges. He had already defeated Amery once before, but he was still irritated by that matter in the Dimensional Cleanse Zone.

After a moment, he wondered. If he claimed Amery's soul now, would he be able to use the latter to comprehend the later stages of [Dimensional Cleanse] and finally break into the Seventh Dimension?𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

It was hard to tell. That was because [Dimensional Cleanse] had an odd sort of protection over it. Even those that had learned the parts beyond the Third Dimension couldn't share it with others. Only Leonel could because he had fully comprehended and reverse engineered the method. He had succeeded in doing so for the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Dimensional layers, but he had yet to even lay eyes on the Seventh Dimensional method, so it was hard to tell where to go from here.

Theoretically, he could deduce that on his own since he had the foundation, but without personal experience of what it was like to be in the Seventh Dimension, or deep understanding of where he would need to proceed to enter the Eighth and Ninth Dimension beyond, such a deduction would be nigh impossible.

More accurately, he could do it, but what he deduced wouldn't necessarily be the correct next step. It could still deviate in all sorts of ways and it would be too hard to tell if he was correct or not. His father might be able to give him some clues, but Leonel would rather roll over dead than ask that old man questions face to face, he could imagine the scorn already.

'Forget it, it's easier to just find another token to enter the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone.'

If others could hear Leonel's thoughts, they would definitely roll their eyes. Were these a pair of father and son? Or mortal enemies? It was impossible to tell.

Leonel slowly opened his eyes and he looked down to see that Amery was still stuck, embedded into the side of a deep trench his own body had dug out. There was a small hole in his chest, barely two inches across, but that was what made Leonel's attack so devastating.

It had caused such destruction in the real world, but at the point of contact, it was actually so perfectly controlled. It was hard to imagine that an existence of the Sixth Dimension could possibly display such might.

Amery might look like he had only suffered a "small" wound, but setting aside where the attack had landed, even if it had only hit his arm, the entirety of his inner organs were shredded to pieces. Whether it was heart, lungs, nervous system, everything.

Leonel's strike was so skillful that all of the residual energy that might have laid waste to the world around them had he allowed it to rampage was concentrated to the point that the one that had suffered the most was Amery himself.

It was a shocking endeavor, and yet, Amery actually still seemed to be alive.

Seeing this, Leonel chuckled, walking forward. This sort of vitality was something that he had only seen out of demons. Back when he fought the Cobra Demon, he had ripped a hole right through its torso and even caused a large amount of damage to its inner organs, and yet it had continued to battle him and even pushed him to the very edge.

Although Amery looked like a demon, it wasn't that simple to tie the two. Rather, Leonel instead believed that it was a combination of Amery's Gaia Force Innate Node and his separated soul that led to this matter.

But that left a question, if Amery's Ethereal Glabella wasn't in his head, and it wasn't in his chest, then where was it, exactly?

Leonel took a seat at the edge of the trench Amery's body had formed. At the moment, Amery's gaze was vacant, but his body was actually quickly recovering. His vitality was actually far stronger than even Leonel's own, but Leonel's smile didn't fade.

"I was wondering why it was that you all allowed me to attack him just like that, but it seemed that you were quite confident in his ability to survive, huh?"