Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't seem to be talking to anyone. Whether it was the other members of the Suiard family, their subordinate families, or even Leonel's own subordinates, they had all evacuated from the region long ago. The entire city that had once been here had been destroyed under the might of their battle, there truly didn't seem to be anyone to talk to.

To most of the Human Domain that were observing the situation, Amery was already dead. That vacant look in his eye, that sort of wound, there was simply no surviving it. Many couldn't help but think that maybe a few of Leonel's screws had been knocked loose during the battle.

But to the astonishment of those present, Leonel continued to speak despite not receiving an answer. "There really is no need to hide anymore. Look at how weak and vulnerable I am, aren't I on the chopping block for your viewing pleasure. Isn't it best if you took action right here and now, you can't want to lose this opportunity, no?" Leonel grinned.

His feet swung as though he was seated on a swing. He looked happy despite his injuries and he didn't seem to take his defeat of Amery with any hint of pride at all, almost as though it was only natural that this would happen.

But suddenly, his demeanor changed entirely as he looked toward a certain direction, his gaze as fiery as a blaze of light. His eyes seemed to emit a great amount of strength as a plume of fire descended upon a certain region.

These flames danced with hidden Great Runes, complex and ancient. They were entirely different than the flames Leonel had used on Amery, but it was hard to tell if it was because he had been holding back or if there was another reason.

In reality, Gaia Force was something Leonel felt had been an even greater antithesis to his Scarlet Star Force than even Void Star Force would have been in the hands of someone powerful.

In many works of fiction or amusing tales, Water Force would be the perfect counter to Fire Force, but the truth was that this was a matter of relativity. There were numerous types of Water Force that wouldn't even be able to approach Leonel without being burnt to ash. What mattered wasn't the element, but also its quality and quantity.

Beyond that, Water Force wasn't the only thing good at suppressing Fire Force, because there was Earth Force as well. Earth Force was sturdy and great defensively, it was resistant against being destroyed and hard to light on fire.

Gaia Force carried both the sturdiness and resilience of Earth and also had the suppressive effects of powerful water on his Scarlet Star Force. Then, to top it all off, it had a strong Life Force associated with it, the strongest counter there was against the powers of Destruction and a Destruction Sovereign.

Against Amery, the improvements to his Scarlet Star Force couldn't be displayed properly, while it would have been foolish to use Void Star Force actively since whether it was Water or Dark Force, Amery was his superior.

Now that he wasn't facing Amery who countered him so perfectly, the strength of his Scarlet Star Force flourished in its truest light. However, before it could descend on its target location, a shadow shifted out of the way, quickly forming.

Very quickly a beautiful young lady took shape, but even then they were difficult to see properly. Their face was obscured and the only thing that could be vaguely understood was the fiery nature of her body, too fiery, even, for casual eyes to see.

Her figure could only be described as perfect. Although her skin was a little grey, something that could be seen even through the haze, it didn't make her look sickly at all, and instead showed a hint of a unique character to it.

Her hips were wide, rounding to form a pair of long, luscious legs. They made way for a butt so round and plump that it could be seen both from the sides of her waist and through the gap in her thighs.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Her chest carried just as much volume, threatening to burst against the pressure of its own skin as though even it couldn't accommodate it all.

And yet, despite the fiery nature of this woman's figure, she chose maybe the most dangerous kind of clothing to cover it with.

Her chest was bound by nothing more than a nipple pasties, a black, metallic, circular object that was connected to nothing other than her breasts. Although there were chains of black around her shoulders and collarbone, they seemed to be there for nothing more than decoration because they hardly covered anything, leaving very little to the imagination.

Her bottom half was hardly any better. The thong she wore was entirely strapless. The part of it that covered her front was shaped like a black metallic leaf, while the back of it was entirely swallowed by those two round cheeks.

This sort of clothing was definitely something that should appear in one's private bedroom and not out for so many to see, even if it was somewhat obstructed by a haze, but this woman clearly didn't care in the slightest.

'Interesting,' Leonel thought. 'She has the same Ability Index as Arthur, but for Dark Force instead. Rare, very rare. Arthur is the only one I've seen with an Ability Index that allows their entire body to turn into an element, and she's the second...'

Leonel was unmoved by the sight before him, she might as well have been a piece of meat on a butcher's table. Instead, when he spoke, he didn't seem to be satisfied with this alone.

Instead, his eyes shifted and landed on another location. This time, the existence that was hidden moved even before Leonel's fire manifested.

This time, the individual was quite clear to the eye.

'A Shadow Sovereign,' Leonel smiled.

This individual was none other than Xavnik, Third Nova.

Leonel wasn't very surprised by this in the slightest, even when he felt that Xavnik had fully recovered.