Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Me? Get up? Can't you see how tired I am? I don't have the energy," Leonel suddenly yawned, his eyes even watering to complete the effect. He really seemed as though he might collapse and begin a long, comfortable napping session at any moment now.

Veins bulged across Xavnik's forehead. His composure was entirely thrown into the wind. Those who had had great opinions of him in the past couldn't help but begin to second guess their judgment. Was this really the Xavnik they had come to know?

Leonel was right before him, why wasn't he attacking? Although it could be argued that Leonel was still sitting and it wasn't honorable to attack, it also wasn't honorable to lurk in the shadows and wait for their battle to finish first. If Xavnik really cared about being honorable, rather than trying to force Leonel to get up right now, he would instead allow him to rest.

But it was clear and obvious that Xavnik didn't dare to do that. He wasn't trying to be honorable, he was scared, scared of Leonel's nonchalance, scared of what trump card Leonel might have waiting for him in the shadows.

To Xavnik, the fact that Leonel dared to continue to sit down and be so casual meant that he had another plot waiting to be sprung. The moment he took action, he would fall into it. He didn't believe in himself anymore and he was entirely reliant on Leonel's actions to dictate his own. The more relaxed Leonel was, the more uncomfortable he felt, the more Leonel acted like this, the more he felt that he was missing something.

ραΠdαsΝοvel.cοm It had to be remembered that when Leonel defeated him earlier, it wasn't even Leonel who took action, it was rather the formation of the Skies family. That was a formation of 10,000 Seventh Dimensional individuals, fused into one and amplified further.

Xavnik could easily defeat 10,000 average Seventh Dimensional existences on a normal day. Well, easily was an exaggeration, but he was sure that he could do it. The problem with the formation was that it managed to fuse their strengths into a single strike, Xavnik would have to be literally 10,000 times more powerful than a normal Seventh Dimensional existence to have come out unscathed. In truth, the fact he survived at all was a great surprise to Leonel at the time.

Now, he remembered that memory very clearly and he was hesitating about taking even a single step forward.

The shadow woman grit her teeth. She was a demon, she was very used to manipulating people, it was one of her favorite pastimes. Often, just to relieve her boredom, she would do such things to Xavnik, but she had never succeeded before.

Seeing Xavnik in such a state, and being aware of the tactics of other demons, she knew that Leonel was doing this on purpose. She could almost see the horns growing from his head, that devilish glint in his eyes. He was taking pleasure in it.

Her heart couldn't help but shudder as the image of a certain Demon Race flashed in her mind, but she shook her head immediately.

Those Demons loved to do this sort of thing. They were exceptionally powerful in body and could defeat most with a flick of their hand, but they preferred to use their minds instead, taking people down long, winding paths until they lost their minds entirely. Even if it would take years to accomplish what a fist could in a second, they would still prefer to take the longer route. They found pride and accomplishment in it...

But she couldn't accept such a thing, she most definitely couldn't, because it was impossible for Leonel to be among such a reclusive and small Clan of Demons.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

And yet, even so, she found herself hesitating to attack as well.

At that moment, though, her gaze turned sharp. She knew the reason why her mind had wavered, it wasn't because of Leonel but rather because that Clan of Demons left a shadow in everyone's heart. So long as you had heard of them, you couldn't escape... even when you thought of them, they would be aware of it...

The shadow woman was about to attack when Leonel suddenly looked at her and smiled.

She shuddered from head to toe, her body freezing for a moment before she released a violent screech.

"DIE!"

She rushed forward. Rather than backing down, her demon blood seemed to have been provoked and her power soared. Even as many were entranced by the physiques of her body moving with such little clothing, they were even more shocked by the strength.

When she had said that she was more powerful than Amery, no one had taken her seriously. She was an unknown existence and Amery was the Sword Deity. How could they possibly be compared?

But at this moment, they swallowed their words. This woman...

Less than a hundred years old and yet already in Tier 4 of the Seventh Dimension!

Her power surged wildly and her hand formed a clawing motion toward Leonel's head. Her body became incorporeal, becoming a lengthy stretch of shadowy Dark Force that encompassed the world, there simply didn't seem to be a place to dodge.

Her claw expanded to over 10 meters from palm to curled finger, ripping through the kernels of space in her path as she sought for Leonel's death.

And yet...

BANG!

The shadow woman felt as though she had been hit by an immovable object and an unstoppable force all at once. She was sent flying back with even greater speed than she had come with, the solidified claw of darkness she had become dispersing like misty drops of water in a howling storm of wind.

Xavnik's lip trembled as he slowly looked toward Aina. She simply lowered her palm without much expression on her face, unmoved.

Aina's aura was finally clear and nothing short of shocking.

She had entered the Seventh Dimension.