Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Human Domain had fallen into silence for a long while. Ever since Amery and Leonel's battle had begun, probably around 70% of all observers had been entirely focused on them.

In truth, that number actually seemed quite low, but it was actually surprising that it wasn't even lower than that. That was because to many, the battle was a joke. The idea of a Sixth Dimensional existence defeating the Sword Deity was asinine. The viewership was only that high due to how excellent Leonel's performance had been until now. Those who had come to watch had felt that maybe Leonel had a trump card that he would be ready to spring, one that would catch them off guard like all those other times.

However, the longer the battle went on, the more shocked they became. They hadn't actually expected that Leonel would be able to fight Amery head-on at all... And yet they were proven wrong time and time again, until the moment that Amery broke through and entered the Cosmos Realm.

Many had believed the battle to be over, but even so, they would continue to watch if for nothing other than the fact they felt Leonel deserved at least this much for coming so far despite only being in the Sixth Dimension. Or rather, they would have, had something else shocking not happened.

Aina, yet another Sixth Dimensional existence and a newly crowned Queen Beauty, had actually gone off to challenge the number one Queen Beauty, the Heiress of the Spirituals Religion, Syriah!

This shocking change left the Human Domain speechless. Two Sixth Dimensional existences, both challenging the greatest geniuses of their respective genders and within their generations, wasn't this a bit too ridiculous?

But then the battle began, and they were shocked once again.

The 70/30 split that had become over 99% in Leonel's favor once he showed that he could actually keep up with Amery suddenly became 50/50, with many even jumping back and forth between the two battles.

The strength that Syriah displayed was beyond their imagination, placing her firmly on the same level as Amery... at least in the beginning. But then she unleashed a Lineage Factor that simply took their breaths away.

At that moment, the gap between the Human Race and the Spirituals Race was on full display. For such a thing to be an ability that was simply and casually passed down through blood wasn't something that the Humans could fathom. It made the most powerful Lineage Factors of the Human Domain seem like nothing more than child's play.

It was then that they came to understand that Syriah wasn't on Amery's level; she was actually a step or two beyond!

But then the situation changed again when Amery broke into the Cosmos Realm, and they were suddenly on equal footing once more. And unfortunately, unlike Leonel, Aina didn't have a technique that allowed her to touch upon the Fourth Layer in such a short period of time.

Aina unleashed a demonic form that took their breaths away, but it still wasn't nearly enough. She was easily suppressed and beaten and battered, until...

Until she suddenly broke through.

None present had ever seen a breakthrough into the Seventh Dimension be so easy nor so smooth. Her power skyrocketed in an instant.

Many thought at that moment that they might get to witness an even battle, a nice exchange of movements, but no...

It had become a one-sided slaughter.

Syriah, despite being in Tier 3 of the Seventh Dimension, couldn't survive even a single strike from the Tier 1 Aina. She had been completely crushed. There was no suspense at all.

In the recent days, because of Leonel and Aina, many had begun thinking that the gap between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions wasn't so large after all. If they put in more effort and took their training more seriously, they could maybe be like Leonel and Aina...𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

But Aina's breakthrough crushed all those hopes. The gap between the two Realms was a wide and inescapable chasm. If it wasn't, how could Aina have improved so much after taking just a single step forward?

And now, the cruel reality was that in these Heir Wars... There simply wasn't anyone who was her match any longer.

...

Above the Heir Wars planet, an illusory woman stood. She was absolutely expressionless, and many who didn't know her would think that she was unreadable because of this... But everyone who had seen her before would understand that she was absolutely infuriated at the moment.

This woman was none other than Syriah, the Heiress of the Spiritual Religion.

Her body had been destroyed, but as a Half-Spiritual, she was able to exist with her soul alone. To Spirituals, their bodies were only flesh puppets that could be reconstructed with some effort and resources; it was extremely difficult to truly kill them, and they were practically immortal.

But, even so, in their Race, having one's body destroyed would both regress their strength and be a great humiliation.

She had been in the Human Domain since her birth, but no one had ever dared to disrespect her in such a way.

Wherever she went, she always had a lovable smile on her face that no one could ever bring themselves to hate, and that was part of the reason why it was so shocking that her expression was so placid currently. But in her mind... she had every right to be infuriated.

She continued to look at Aina, almost as though she was trying to sear this memory onto her soul.

...

Leonel smiled and hadn't moved a single inch from his sitting spot. He had already felt that these Heir Wars were over, but now that Aina had broken through, he didn't even really need to put much effort in any longer. So why couldn't he be leisurely?

"Why are you glaring at me so fiercely?" Leonel asked, putting a hand on his chest. "I scare easily, you know, and my wife is very good to me."

Those last words about his "wife" were very clearly a threat that made Xavnik shudder.

Aina rolled her eyes, but she couldn't help but be amused. She thought of how she'd definitely be able to teach Leonel a lesson later and felt much better.

Xavnik stayed silent for a long time before he suddenly grit his teeth.

"You actually want to rely on a woman to win the Heir Wars? Don't you feel ashamed?"

"Ugh-" Leonel spoke, seemingly aghast at the accusation. "Don't be mad at me just because I'm better in bed than you are."

Leonel sent a meaningful glance toward the shadow woman who was spitting up a mouthful of blood one after another, struggling to stand.

Aina choked on air.

Xavnik's mind snapped, suddenly seeing red. He had never been humiliated like this in his life.