Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cynthia didn't care about the state of her body, nor the Omann family elders trying to sustain her life around her. She felt that since she still had her consciousness, her survival was inevitable. She would get her revenge in due time. What she cared about now was the death of Leonel.

She had given Kron a blueprint she had spent the better part of the last few decades on. It was a machine that would allow the Omann's to rise to the top. No one would be able to compete with them. This... was nothing more than an appetizer.

If before she didn't care much about Leonel and only wanted him dead for the sake of avoiding accidents, she now wanted to see Alienor's face when she learned that she had both survived and was the cause of her son's death.

Although Cynthia's expression was unmoved, the viciousness in her heart was practically like crawling, black-scaled snakes, imprinting themselves throughout her veins and arteries and turning her thoughts dark and gloomy.

No one knew what her thoughts had been like in the years since Velasco didn't show up to their wedding, no one even knew whether she had loved Velasco or not. The world could never read anything from her expression and even when she was on the brink of death like this, she had given nothing away at all.

In truth, though she wanted to see Alienor in pain, she was actually partially grateful.

Much like no one knew what her true emotions were, even fewer knew what her Ability Index was. But this time, that was because even Cynthia herself hadn't been aware of what it was. All her life she had assumed that it was just a minor Ability Index that boosted her strength or speed, but this was unexpectedly not the case.

Just now, she had truly died and been reborn. If she already stood atop the world before, she would supersede even this world in the future. And the first step toward that glory... was the death of this thorn at her side.

...

Leonel's moves became more and more erratic. In the end, this was the first time the Omann had used this Starship, they were yet to become used to it. The more they fired, the more accustomed they became, and the sharper their attacks and their aiming became.

The only reason Leonel had survived for this long was because he was moving before the canons fired, basing his movements on the aiming of the barrels rather than waiting to time the trajectory of the lasers themselves. But the sharper the Omann family became, the more and more difficult this became as well.

However, no one noticed that Leonel's gaze had become akin to the sea god's trident, cold and merciless, enveloped the chilly depths of the dark ocean. And then... Leonel suddenly moved forward.

This time, there was no sideways movement to his steps at all, he barrelled forward as though he had given up on life and sought to die in a blaze of glory.

Kron's smile deepened until it suddenly froze.

There was only a kilometer that separated himself and Leonel. This was nothing more than child's play in terms of distance at their strength. But it hadn't mattered because Leonel couldn't even get close. In fact, Leonel had even been pushed back until there was over a 10 kilometers distance separating them.

But Leonel suddenly closed the distance to nine kilometers, crossing a distance that should have gotten him killed immediately... And he was still moving!

Leonel's flickered and moved like the pieces on a chess board. Every time he shifted to one location and the canons reacted, he would shift again, sliding into an impossible to target blindspot.

All barrels had their limitations. These limitations came in terms of how fast they could move, their recharge time, their recoil, and the final limitation was that of the experts manning them.

With this fast rate of firing, the reload time was not even half a second. The recoil was minimized not only by the design of the barrels, but also the thickness of the lasers-although they were far thinner now than when they were fully charged, that was only relative. As for how fast they could move side to side and up and down in order to re-aim, that was even smoother, they were being manned by the geniuses of the Omann family, their speed of calculation was out of this world.

However, in Leonel's eyes...

A half second was still a period of time. Recoil, no matter how minimal, was still minimal. Thickness, no matter how thick, wasn't infinite. And calculations, no matter how fast they were done, couldn't possibly be done faster than his own.

After just three minutes, a map of the location of the barrels, their limitations, and what regions they could currently attack, had all appeared in Leonel's mind. Every time he moved, he would force the barrels to overextend themselves, then suddenly step into the nearest blind spot they couldn't react fast enough to.

His movements were agile and his steps were confident.

He halved the distance to five kilometers in an instant, then in the blink of an eye he was already less than half a kilometer away.

It had all happened so fast that Kron almost couldn't react. Leonel was akin to a fish in water, the coldness in his eyes suddenly piercing through Kron's soul for the first time.

But just because he was a bit slow to react didn't mean he couldn't.

Kron calmed and waved a hand, a shield activating that blocked Leonel's path when he was just a hundred meters away. Even normal mortals could see across this distance clearly, let alone two individuals of their stature.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Looking into Leonel's eyes, Kron felt that it was far too close.

"Kill him," Kron said coldly.

This shield was even stronger than the shield Leonel had used to protect himself from Cross Elder Avan. This battle was over.