Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took a deep breath. He had thought that having the 99% accuracy of his father's dictionary would make things a breeze. At least then, he wouldn't have to worry about screwing himself over by accidentally failing the mission requirements.

However, he could have never expected that the dictionary would be so vague at this time.

What did it mean to make King Arthur a part of history? Was it acknowledging that King Arthur was fake? In that case, how could King Arthur appear in a Zone?

According to Leonel's understanding, Zones were parts of past where higher Dimensions influenced the lower Dimension. Only by resolving these instances would these timelines smoothly integrate with Earth. Once this integration was completed, Earth would reach the equilibrium necessary to breakthrough and reach the next Dimensional Tier.

But, how did a… 'Mythological Zone' factor into this?

"What's a Mythological Zone?" Leonel asked.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, a Mythological Zone is a legend of humans that has propagated enough to be on the verge of becoming truth. ]

Leonel's eyes narrowed. He was still confused…

He sunk into his thoughts for a moment. He still had to wait for the two groups above him to leave, so he really did have some time to waste.

Suddenly, his eyes flashed.

When Aina was explaining to him the differences between the Dimensions, she mentioned how grand the gap between Dimensions was. If he remembered correctly, she said that one could say a novel was in the 2D while its writer was in the 3D.

Here, King Arthur was technically a 2D construct. He was just a legend passed down through generations to the point he became a nice tale to tell to children. His stories could be easily manipulated and changed on a whim depending on the mood of the story teller.

But, if one thought about it from another angle, wasn't this act of continuously passing his legend down like a higher Dimensional world acting on a lower Dimensional one? In that case, wouldn't it meet the requirements necessary to cause a Zone to appear?!

The moment Leonel completed this thought, he felt as though an explosion had gone off in his mind. If this was true, then the danger Mythological Zones presented couldn't be underestimated.

Entering a Zone from true history was one thing. Most people there would ultimately be normal individuals Leonel could handle with ease. Maybe only a handful would be like Joan or the Mayan Priest.

But in a world like this… The number of enemies that could threaten his life wouldn't be few.

Leonel sucked in a cold breath.

Such a world had a high chance of becoming a Unique Zone according to the dictionary. Maybe this time, Leonel would be able to find out just what truly happened in the Joan Zone…

Who were those people? What had Joan's purpose been? None of her actions had seemed to make any at all… Uncle Montez had also said back then that Joan's Zone had almost become a Unique Zone as well, in fact it was right on the verge…

There were too many questions Leonel had had no choice but to ignore until now…

After a while, Leonel calmed, his eyes becoming deathly still. Then, he released his Internal Sight in full force, his calculative mind rushing into overdrive. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

**

"Hear ye, hear ye!"

In the square of a small town, a man with a large bridge nose unfurled a scroll with a length of at least half his height. Judging by his attire, he shouldn't come from such a small place. Even the Baron of this Fief couldn't afford to wear such luxurious clothing.

"His Majesty has decreed that all young, able bodied men between the ages of 16 and 25 will hereby join the noble armies of Camelot!"

The crowd, which had been gathered due to the commotion caused by the herald's entourage, showed a mixture of reactions. But, by an overwhelming margin, excitement ruled. This wasn't the modern era, after all. If such a conscription happened in Leonel's time, people would likely be up in arms. But, in this era, it was a matter of honor. And, for young men like this, it was their chance to rise to a higher standing in life and maybe even… become a knight!

Leonel stood amidst the crowd with a pleasantly surprised expression. He had purposely traveled to this small town for two reasons. First, he wanted to enter a town the others wouldn't. With his Internal Sight, he definitely had a massive advantage in orienting himself in this world.

The second reason was because compared to the other villages that had been nearby, this was a relatively flourishing place. The options it would give him were far beyond what the closer villages could.

His initial plan had been to earn himself a spot within this Barony's guards and find a way up from there. He had even gotten himself a set of cheap hemp clothing from a farmer to blend in better. The only unfortunate part was that he had to cover his hair in dirt and mud so that its bronze color would stand out less.

But, he had never expected to run into a conscription. This made things far easier.

After a moment, he understood that this shouldn't be coincidence. Since Mythological Zones were based on stories and not true history, they were far more flexible in their storylines as a result. Its possible that this conscription happened precisely because Leonel was here.

When the herald was finished with his decree, he completely ignored the excited expressions of many of the young men. These commoner folk had no idea how bloody the battlefield was. All they knew of was the glory, and each of them thought their sons, brothers and lovers would all come back heroes. When, the reality was that death was inevitable for a large majority of them.

He turned back and signaled toward a man wearing tight fitting leather armor.

The man was tall, almost as tall as even Leonel. His shoulders seemed far broader though, almost making him look like a box. Due to this, despite his height, he still seemed a bit stocky.

"Gather up to be registered! You'll be given an evaluation based on your abilities! Clear out! Clear out! I only want to see my future men here! If anyone dares to snub His Majesty's Decree, I'll personally lop his head off!"

The man's voice boomed.

Leonel raised an eyebrow as he follow this crowd. As expected… This was just a low ranking officer but his stats already averaged 0..70. This was already better than Leonel when he first awakened…