Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The silence of the Human Domain very quickly became a raging uproar. Not many understood how Leonel had done it; it relied on concepts of Force Crafting that even Life Grade Crafters might not understand, let alone the general masses.

But what they were all aware of was that Leonel wasn't just lucky. Unlike Kron, they had a bird's eye perspective of what had happened. They saw Leonel placed his hand on the Protective Force Art, they saw the large, thick beams of lasers converge and come out the other side in a far thinner line, they saw Leonel dodge it with ease, and they watched as it shattered beneath its own power.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

At this point, in the eyes of those watching, Leonel was practically omnipotent. He had just taken down a Starship that even Ancestors feared on his own, and yet he hadn't been injured during the exchange even a single time. In fact, he had entered the battlefield tired and drawing on his final dregs of stamina, and yet this was the result.

If it wasn't for the fact that Kron and the others had lost their lives as a result of this matter, some conspiracy theorists might have thought that this was all a show put on by the strongest powers of the Human Domain just to shine a halo upon Leonel.

It all felt too exaggerated. From the very moment he stepped onto the Heir Wars moon, it could be said that he was in first place from the very first breath, and in the end, he finished off in first place. Despite the winding twists and turns, and even when it seemed that he had nowhere to go and had finally reached a dead end, he broke through time and time again... Nothing was able to pause his steps.

The Morales Heirs watched on in silence, their expressions unreadable. They too had begun to feel the sort of bitter sweetness that the Heirs of the past had felt. For Adawarth, sometimes when his father got drunk and complained about the things on his plate and how being Patriarch was exhausting, he could hear the undertones in his voice. That year, Velasco hadn't participated, and Montez, as though trying to prove something, had entered the Heir Wars with no backers other than his own spear, believing that he was no weaker than his elder brother and he didn't need the help of others.

The current Patriarch of the Morales was the first winner in their history that didn't feel the pride in his victory. Every time he had more work to do, every time another thing was shoved onto his plate, every time his temper wanted to flare up but he was forced to suppress it, he would remember that this was a job that others hadn't even wanted so he ended up with it, and it made it all the more bitter.

Adawarth had wanted to win, to defeat his fellow Heirs in the most talented generation of the Morales with his own hands, so that he could take some of his father's pride back.

But that satisfaction had already been stripped from him. The moment the Human Domain forced Leonel to participate as a Sixth Dimensional existence, he had been enraged, although he didn't show it. What good was it if he defeated Leonel like this? What was it worth? Could he take his father's pride back? Could he help their branch of the family set their hearts at ease?

This rage, however, wasn't aimed toward Leonel; he wanted to vent it on the other Heirs of the Human Domain for daring to stain something he had worked so hard for.

But now, seeing Leonel stand victorious, a smile couldn't help but spread across his face.

This was what Leonel deserved, what the Morales deserved. All the humiliation he had felt, that they had felt, that every Morales had been forced to shoulder for the last several months, was washed away in a single instant.

As fiery as all of their tempers were, they grinned from ear to ear, their bodies rumbling and their blood boiling.

One after another, the howl of the Morales spread through the Human Domain. There didn't need to be a projection for the powers, weak to strong, to hear it.

The stars aligned and a constellation that spanned countless light years appeared above their heads, taking the shape of a spear roaring with the howl of a blade.

The commotion was larger than a single Domain could encompass. The echo spread across the Dimensional Verse, the stars aligning as though in worship of the birth of a new existence.

The spear lengthened and grew, its mighty body shuddering and shaking as though it wasn't satisfied with this alone.

The doors that gates the Morales Lineage Factor were flung open one after another. A raging torrent of Star Force accumulated and descended upon their territory.

Everyone with even the slightest Morales blood rushing through their veins felt a connection with the roaring stars in the skies. Their understanding of Star Force and what it truly represented seemed to undergo a metamorphosis, and their gazes lost their sharpness, the vague hue of enlightenment filling their bodies as the commotion continued to grow.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The Morales Holy Land rumbled. The ground cracked and large plumes of violet smoke came out from its depths, filling the region that had already been extremely thick with Force with larger and larger amounts of it.

And then, suddenly, it was as though a pane of glass had shattered, a ceiling made of the most pure and transparent crystal being crushed as an artificial glass cap was erupted through.

The Morales lands trembled, their skies thundered, and all of the stars within the thousands of galaxies they commanded seemed to surge with life.

Every existence in the Dimensional Verse was alerted all at once.

The Human Domain finally had an Eighth Dimensional territory...

And it wasn't Earth at all.