Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The howl of the Morales resonated with their spear constellation as it morphed into something entirely different.

A hand of stars appeared from the vast nothingness, grabbing ahold of the spear as the rest of his body quickly formed. A magnificent armor formed of a rainbow assortment of stars and galaxies took shape.

The man raised his foot and stomped it downward. A wild pressure spread in all directions, the howling blade of the spear piercing through the veil of the universe.

The man's spear steadied, straight and unfathomable, steady and unmovable.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

And then, it all fell into silence.

The rolling blood of the Morales continued to tumble. They felt their bodies strengthening by leaps and bounds, whether it was the Heirs or the lowest of the talents, their so-called Bloodline Shackles were shattered one after another.

Even without being consciously aware of it, the Morales seemed to understand that they would never have to awaken their Lineage Factor step by step again. However, even this wasn't the most shocking part of it all.

Their Metal Synergy Lineage Factor and their Spear Domain Lineage Factor had seemingly fused into one, becoming an entirely new Lineage Factor more substantial than it had been in the past. And, as though that wasn't enough, every Morales alive on this day had received it.

In the past, the fifth door of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor had been a tightly guarded secret, one that the Morales hadn't been willing for outsiders to understand. But when the sixth door was awakened by Leonel, the uproar within their Holy Lands was devastating, though many had assumed that it had been done by Velasco.

Now, however, it had all changed.

Doors? They didn't have them anymore. And let alone the sixth door that they had to suppress information about had entirely vanished.

The two Lineage Factor standards that had become the deciding factor as to whether or not one could become an Heir and compete for the Patriarch position had vanished, fusing into one and forming an entirely new Lineage Factor that existed on a plain of its own... at least in the Human Domain.

The other families that were witnessing this felt shaken to their core.

At this moment, one had one very important question to ask themselves. Why was it that only 12 were known as the Constellation Families? Why was it that word of the Morales family or the Omann family or the Suiard family having Constellations not spread?

It didn't seem to make any sense. The influence of these constellations was so heavy that even the people of Earth had heard of them, to the point that they had even named them properly down to the final word.

If the influence was so great, then why was it that these families had to join up in alliances just to match up to the Suiard and Morales families? Why were they so weak, relatively speaking?

Of course, to the people of the Human Domain, these families were absolute behemoths, but they still didn't sit upon the apex. So what was the reasoning for this?

The harsh truth was that very few knew or understood, but there was some speculation... And that while it required a powerful family to form a Constellation, if a family was too powerful, it would be even more difficult than a weak family trying to form one.

While there were many medium to large families that had formed Constellations, the pinnacle of the Dimensional Verse had never managed to do so...

Until now.

The Morales Constellation seemed to take up the entire skies. No matter where you were in the Dimensional Verse, no matter how bright your sun had just been in your skies, there was nothing but darkness except for the shining radiance of this constellation.

The howl of the Morales, rather than getting weaker, only seemed to get stronger. Their boiling blood only grew hotter and hotter, their skin growing flush.

A spear radiance shot from their bodies, piercing toward the stars as though in acknowledgement of the man wielding a spear above them. Even their Ancestors couldn't seem to hold back, howling along as though they were in the prime of their youth once again.

The Human Domain was entirely silent outside the roar of the Morales. Many had thought about the fact that should the Morales have won these Heir Wars, their morale would have reached unreachable peaks, but they had never expected for it to be this exaggerated.

They felt that if they truly attacked the Morales now, even if they could deal a devastating blow, destroying them would be entirely impossible.

Their gazes couldn't help but fall onto a single young man, standing amidst a sea of blood and carnage. It was he who had caused all of this, he, who from the very beginning, had shattered their expectations one after another. It was he, who even on the first day of his role as Patriarch, had gathered up the Morales into a single unified front even without breathing a single word.

...

The Void Elders of the Void Palace couldn't believe what they were seeing. Void Elder Wimarc, Void Elder Galienne, and Void Elder Lizbeth had unreadable expressions, their gazes shifting from the Constellation in the skies to the young man basking in Star Force.

They had been infuriated by this youngster time and time again, but they had never been able to get their revenge. They had thought that they could at least watch him fall on his face during these Heir Wars after offending so many, but he had shattered their expectations again and again.

It was truly suffocating.

Before any of them could decide on a word to speak, the Void Palace suddenly rumbled.

Their expressions changed. The last time this had happened, the Cataclysm Zone had descended and swallowed them whole, it couldn't be that...

"The Void Battlefield! The barriers have been shattered!"

The expressions of the Void Elders turned pale all at once.

This only meant one thing. The other Domains were invading.

-----

Erdiul's Note: I really enjoyed this Heir Wars arc, what about you guys?