Leonel opened his eyes, his gaze somewhat vacant. In truth, he wasn't entirely in the mood to worry about the changes happening to his body, nor the changes occurring outside this planet, but he didn't really have much of a choice. He might have still ignored it if it was a change to his Lineage Factor alone, but during these last few moments, he had suddenly gained enlightenment on Universal Force.

It had come in an unexpected way, but also in a mode that made perfect sense. He had never thought that the constellation families would be so related to the Universal Forces, but now that things had been laid out this way, it almost felt too obvious. Of course they would have to be related in some way.

Even so, the fact that his Lineage Factor had actually evolved was beyond his expectations, and his breakthrough was even more unexpected.

Leonel had found breaking through the Realms of the Sixth Dimension incredibly easy, he improved by leaps and bounds what felt like almost everyday. And yet, his Universal Force and comprehension of Universal Cycles was still stuck at a Fifth Dimensional standard, it didn't seem to make much sense.

That said, Leonel understood why this was. He had suddenly upturned his entire understanding of Universal Forces and what they were meant to be, and had even tied that in with [Dimensional Cleanse]. The complexity of taking even a single step forward now couldn't be understated.

What Leonel had neglected was the fact that since his Universal Force had fundamentally changed, the method by which he had to approach his next breakthrough should likewise change, but he hadn't been flexible enough.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Now, he realized where his mistake was.

He had already fully comprehended the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse]. All he had to do now was use it as a prism to comprehend the Natural Light Realm and everything would flow smoothly. The moment he had this thought, it happened.

The world of his Ethereal Glabella changed entirely and the shifting tides of night and day came with a surge of Universal Force that was all too easily masked by the commotion of the Human Domain as a whole.

Leonel was so distracted by these changes to his Universal Force that he didn't pay much attention to his body. He already had improved his Lineage Factor greatly and he hadn't thought about what benefits this matter would bring him. In fact, he was actually lamenting it.

Why were the Morales so powerful? It wasn't just because of their Lineage Factor, but rather because of the skills that they had paired it with.

The Metal Synergy Lineage Factor didn't come with Divine Armor by default, it had to be remembered that the Divine Armor creation technique was one that passed down to Leonel from his father. It and techniques like Metal Body were the real reason that Leonel and the others were so powerful.

If the Lineage Factor changed too much, these techniques that had taken countless generations to produce would become useless. Even if the floor strength of the Morales had skyrocketed, and their ceiling couldn't be seen, the time it would take for that improvement to be seen would be extremely long.

In fact, if those techniques truly became useless, in the immediate future, rather than becoming stronger, the Morales would actually weaken by a substantial margin.

This is why Leonel wasn't very excited about these matters. He had already lucked out once by the improvement of his Lineage Factor not interfering with his Metal Body and the like, he didn't know if he would be lucky enough to succeed again.

These reasons were also why he had held back in improving his Northern Star Lineage Factor to the next stage either. If he casually did so, the synergy between the light and dark halves might vanish and things like the Lotus Domain that he had grown to like very much would disappear as well.

Leonel shook his head and sighed. It seemed that only time would tell.

After his enlightenment ended, he swept through his body once and sighed a breath of relief when it seemed that his Divine Armors were still there. However, although they were still there they felt somewhat... empty.

They had had such a perfect fusion with Leonel before, but now it felt that there was something missing.

The situation in Leonel's body, oddly enough, was actually quite similar to what the other Morales were experiencing as well. This was surprising because Leonel's own Lineage Factor had already deviated from their own, and his Divine Armor had changed a great deal.

'Hm?'

Leonel's gaze sharpened. He actually felt that he could expel his Divine Armor from his body now.

Others weren't aware, but Leonel very much understood how he had managed to reforge his Divine Armors... It required literally being eaten alive. Although it wouldn't have had to be so exaggerated if he wanted to do it again, he would still have to take the step to destroy his own body and reforge it like a Spiritual would.

That wasn't a fun process, and he could only do it because he had succeeded in separating his soul. But now, it seemed that he could actually do it at will.

'Maybe... the drawbacks won't be so bad...' Leonel felt hopeful. However, he didn't smile too quickly. He knew that with these sorts of subtle changes, it would take time to pick out all the new issues they would have to deal with.

At least with how things stood now, his Divine Armor was definitely no longer perfectly suited to his body, he would have to do something about that sooner rather than later.

Exhaling a breath, Leonel looked up. It seemed that it was time to leave.

He took a step and the Starship rumbled. The corpses that had fallen into the ocean were all taken by him.

When Leonel pierced through the atmosphere of the Heir Wars moon, there probably wasn't a single person who didn't have their eyes on him. All at once, the animosity that had built up so long came flooding forth like a tide. This was truly their last easy chance to kill Leonel.