Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

These people never got the chance to act. Let alone his parents, the Morales all moved in unison. However, people soon realized that it was entirely unnecessary.

'This brat...' The Morales Ancestors shook their heads. Even in this situation, it seemed that Leonel didn't care to rely on others. He had exited the Heir Wars riding on the Starship that the Omann were so proud of. They had been so excited by the various emotions they had experienced in the last several moments that they had entirely neglected this point.

Who here could even harm Leonel? They would have to turn their own flagship canons toward him first, but the agility that the Omann's new prototype had shown was on a completely different level. Their large Starships took time to warm up and prepare for action, and took even longer to accelerate into movement. After all, they were all the size of a planet at the smallest. But the Omann's... or rather, Leonel's now, was only about three or so kilometers in length. It might be small, but it was no less powerful, and they would probably be crushed before they even knew what happened.

Even now, Leonel didn't need any sort of protection. He had the pride that a Patriarch of the Morales family should have.

Leonel stood quite stoically, he didn't seem moved by the killing intent of those around him. Even those of his generation that had managed to escape, lucky enough to have never run into him, lowered their heads, unwilling to meet his sweeping gaze.

Whether it was the arrogant Conon of the Lio family, or even Simona who had just been Leonel's ally, they felt that they were at a loss for words and didn't deserve to stand on the same plane as him.

One might wonder why it was that Simona was already among the spectators, but the truth wasn't all that difficult to decipher. She had charged toward the Omanns to deal the final blow along with Leonel's brothers and his armies. However, the moment she had seen the Starship, she felt that the situation was helpless.

Without hesitation, she crushed her badge, leaving the others behind to fend for themselves.

Leonel's army was only about 20,000 deep. The millions of soldiers that had been under Xavnik were all in the territory of the Spiritual Religion. It could be said that Simona and her people had been the absolute largest force, but they had left even without a fight.

It was hard to blame her, what could she do in the face of a weapon even Ancestors would be helpless against? But when Leonel swept a gaze past her, unsurprised by her appearance here and treating her just the same as every other genius he had trampled beneath his feet, she felt a hollowness in her chest.

Looking toward the beauty calmly resting on Leonel's back, Simona thought she saw a slight smile on Aina's face. Even so injured, even in such a helpless situation, the moment she had felt Leonel's touch she seemed to have entered a state of incomparable ease.

She didn't care if the skies were falling, her man would be there to hold it up.

Simona adjusted herself and calmed down. Looking at the puppy by her legs, she relaxed entirely. In some time, she would dazzle the world as well. It might be later than her peers, but that time would come. The helplessness of this day would reverse soon enough.

Suddenly, a shadow appeared before Leonel with a swift speed. Leonel, who wasn't in the best of moods, couldn't help but smile. He didn't move as two soft palms pressed his cheeks together.

Compared to Leonel's mood, Alienor's mood was even worse. If not for Velasco, she really would have stopped the Heir Wars and attacked directly. Everyone could see how unfair the situation was, the Omann family was actually so disgusting and shameless.

Seeing that her Little Lion was okay, the heavy boulder on her chest had finally been placed down. Even so, it was quickly replaced by an erupting fury. She wanted nothing more than to charge into the Omann family's territory and slaughter them down to their last man.

Leonel chuckled. "Mom, don't frown so much, it'll age you."

Alienor was stunned out of rage with Leonel's words and she suddenly gave her son a light palm to the forehead.

"Look at you, mom has neglected your education. Don't you know how to talk to women?"

Leonel grinned. "I think I did okay."

Alienor rolled her eyes. Although Leonel didn't pick up his father's playboy habits, he had definitely picked up that glib tongue and arrogance.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

With a gentle swipe, Alienor palm descended on Aina's cheek as well, but this time there was a swell of Light Force. Very soon, the paleness on Aina's face vanished entirely.

Alienor's brows jumped. She hadn't expected healing Aina would take such little Force, that could only mean that Aina was more than 50% healed by now. Such self-healing capabilities for a Tier 1 Seventh Dimensional practitioner was more than exceptional, she could only be said to be a little monster.

Leonel looked past his mother's shoulder to see that his father was still lying lazily and he couldn't help but roll his own eyes. He hadn't seen this old man in over half a decade, in fact, to this old man, it probably would have been over three decades since he last saw his son, but he was still trying to act cool.

Before Leonel could say anything, the rage seemed to have boiled over. It seemed that what would come would come. The Golddark family, the Taur family, the Gemin family, the Libra family, the Quarius family, the Pisc family... More enemies than Leonel could even count were all infuriated.

Of them all, the Matriarch of the Gemin family, that vindictive young woman's mother, seemed to be the most pressuring.

Seeing them really about to do something, Leonel suddenly held up a finger as though he was telling them to wait a moment.