Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's actions stunned the surrounding elders before they were suddenly infuriated. Patriarch of the Morales or not, since when did a Sixth Dimensional junior have the right to speak to them in such a way? No, he hadn't even spoken to them, he waved at them like a nobleman might a doorman.

Leonel seemed to remember something at that moment and took out a Silver Tablet. Before anyone could understand what was happening, his eyes glowed a fierce violet light and the corpses that he had brought up with him began to vanish one after another.

Aina, who was having a good sleep, subconsciously mumbled something and the Blood Force responded, surging into the Silver Tablet. After a moment, Leonel began to revive them.

Under the astonished gazes of the Human Domain, Leonel's people came back to life one after another. His brothers, who had experienced this once before, looked at their bodies and shook their heads, a feeling of helplessness welling up inside of them.

As for the members of the Skies and Oryx families, they jolted feeling as though everything was surreal. Many thought they had entered some form of heaven or hell, until they looked around and realized that it was all as they remembered the real world to be. Were they hallucinating?

But soon, Leonel's next words seemed to have awakened everyone to reality. Then, he looked toward the families that were clambering and every one of them seemed to understand what this matter meant.

They looked toward the Silver Tablet in Leonel's hands, their gazes practically burning.

This was a gathering of the strongest powers of the Human Domain, it wouldn't be unlikely that one or two of them had seen such a tablet before. In fact, the Morales might even have one. But what was clear was that none of them had ever seen it used like this.

The reason was simple... which of them had the ability to control and snatch souls before they disappeared like Leonel did? The answer was that no one but Leonel had this ability, not even his mother did, that was because the Golden Tablet of the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor that held all the secrets of their power's uses was with Leonel.

Even if they knew the tablet had such an ability, they wouldn't be able to use it in such a way. Only Leonel could, and that was thanks to the amazing soul controlling ability that they had seen him use on those lowly disciples of the Libra family.

Leonel's gaze blinked as he looked toward the Patriarchs, Matriarchs, and Ancestors who had been ready to clamor. None of them seemed to know what to say because they suddenly realized that Leonel was their only hope at ever seeing their young geniuses again.

Alienor gazed at the Silver Tablet silently for a moment, but didn't say anything, simply standing by her son's side.

Suddenly, it became obvious why Leonel hadn't used one of his greatest trump cards during the Heir Wars. He had already exposed his ability to control souls, so why had he only used it once but never again? Wouldn't it have been useful?

And the answer to that was that after he resurrected a soul, it would only last for 24 hours before vanishing. At that point, forcing it to rise wouldn't be possible again, and said person would be officially dead. This was something even the snowglobes couldn't stop.

But by only keeping their corpses, he could freeze them in the moment of death and force their soul to stay put until he was ready to force it to rise.

Leonel suddenly grinned. "It seems that you're all very eager to see your geniuses rise again, huh?"

Leonel's words made their bodies tremble, but no one said a single thing.

Suddenly, everything felt like a joke. They had done all of this to stop the Morales from monopolizing an Eighth Dimensional world, but now the Morales territory itself was an Eighth Dimensional world. They didn't even have to overextend themselves anymore, as a Crafting family, the built-in defenses of the Morales territory were beyond what most could imagine.

And now, the youth that was both the Prince of a world about to become an Eighth Dimensional world and the current Patriarch of an Eighth Dimensional world was sneering at them while they could only come with a hat in hand.

"It's very simple. I'm willing to trade the life of an ordinary genius for a gold grade weapon, it doesn't even have to be a good one."

Hearing this, the expressions on their various elders softened considerably. This might sound like an astronomical price, but a Gold Grade treasure for a genius that had entered the Seventh Dimension with the God Path was more than worth it. In fact, Leonel was suffering a huge loss. These powerful families could probably pay that price with a single one of their main cities with just half a year or so's revenue. Of course, that was if they were exchanging for all of their geniuses at once.

However, the smile on Leonel's face was anything but comforting.

"For a medium-level genius, a Half Life Grade weapon. These will be geniuses that had been in leadership roles beneath the Heirs and their trump cards."

The elders remained silent. The price was getting far steeper.

Life Grade weapons were exceptionally rare, and Half Life Grade weapons, although a step down, could be considered the pinnacle of what most experts would wield. Only in the hands of Ancestors could you find Life Grade weapons, and even that wasn't guaranteed if the family was on the weaker side.

"For high-level geniuses, geniuses on the level of the likes of Gunter who were the right-hand men of your operations, or the partner that your Heirs brought in, I want the revenue of a capital city for ten years."

The elders choked, their gazes becoming gloomier and gloomier. That price was enough to build a Tier 2 Starship!

"As for your Heirs, your beloved geniuses, I want the revenue of 100 years. Or, 10 years from 10 Capital cities, whichever you so choose," Leonel said with a bright smile.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"You're extorting us!" Matriarch Gemin roared.

"Yeah, and?" Leonel asked, blinking as though it was only a matter of course. "As for you, because I particularly dislike your daughter, the price is double. On top of that, if she dares to appear before me again, I'll directly kill her even if she says nothing at all. So you'd better protect her well."