Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's next words were covered by Velasco's hand. The latter looked like he had a fiery rage in his gaze, but before he could do anything more, Alienor landed silently by Leonel's side, throwing up an eyebrow.

"Reveal what, exactly?"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel sent his mother a helpless glance, as though to say that his mouth had been sealed by the criminal before him. He was helpless to do anything before this kind of power, how could he continue to explain?

"Nothing, dear. This little rascal is just making things up," Velasco hurried to explain.

"Is that so?" Alienor said lightly. "Interesting."

Velasco coughed, trying to regain his dignified bearing. He sent another glare Leonel's way, but the latter seemed to have been consumed by his amusement.

His father had a fascination with anime during his time on Earth. Just like any self-respecting weeb, he had fallen down his own rabbit holes and ended up basking in the degenerate side of the culture. That poor man, within his wife by his side for a whole 17 years, he fell into complete depravity. He was a reformed playboy, but his libido hadn't magically vanished.

It was impossible for Leonel to find something that Velasco wanted to hide normally, but the trouble was that Earth had very strict rules before the Metamorphosis, such content had very strict bans on them and the methods by which one could get their hands on them was very long and grueling.

Of course, Velasco didn't fear the punishment of the people on Earth. But the trouble was that in order to partake in that culture, one had to use the systems of Earth, obviously. That meant that he had to use the same devices as everyone else.

Velasco's main focus on Earth originally was taking in their knowledge about healing the body. Earth might have been primitive at the time, but they were unmatched in talent, and when it came to curing the ailments faced by Third Dimensional existences, it probably wouldn't' be an exaggeration to say that they had become number one.

Velasco was originally a Crafter, he didn't know anything about biology initially, and because he was so focused on the biological side of things, his tech savviness lagged behind.

In such a situation, an old man with minimal knowledge or care, faced with a youth of the younger generation who knew the ins and outs of such devices, he never stood a chance. It also didn't help that Velasco was arrogant and felt that everything was beneath his notice, it only took a single slip up and Leonel had grasped his weakness.

Originally, Velasco had already wiped this memory from Leonel, but after Leonel's Dream Force had reached a certain standard, he was even able to remember his mother's face, let alone this.

Thinking to this point, Leonel's grin only grew wider and wider.

Seeing that his wife was now ignoring him, Velasco really wanted to shake this son of his until he couldn't see straight anymore. If before Leonel had already tarnished his well-earned reputation, it had all come crumbling down now.

"Alienor, babe, baby, it's not like that, really!" Velasco let go of Leonel and moved toward Alienor. However, he knew it was helpless. Alienor wouldn't talk to him until he explained what Leonel had wanted to say, and knowing her character, she wouldn't let Leonel tell her, she would want to hear it from Velasco himself, making it even more embarrassing. How could he say such a thing out loud?

"I was just speaking nonsense, mom. You don't need to worry about it," Leonel said slyly.

"You!" Velasco nearly cut Leonel's tongue out.

Saying such a thing only made it worse. This son of his was more than smart enough to know that, he had definitely said it on purpose.

Leonel started to laugh hard, so hard that he couldn't even breathe properly.

This was what his father got for trying to act cool. Leonel seemed to be having the time of his life. It didn't look like he had just fought a life and death battle at all, all of his gloominess had vanished. He felt that life wasn't so bad right now.

He looked toward Aina's side profile. She still rested on his back, lost in a deep sleep.

Yeah, life wasn't so bad right now.

The rest of the Human Domain weren't quite sure what they were looking at. Seeing the kind of relationship that Leonel had with his father, and that Leonel truly dared to tease him to this extent, they realized how foolish it was to try and separate Leonel's death from Velasco by using the younger generation.

They had thought that no matter how in love Velasco was with Alienor, when it came to his own bottom line, he wouldn't cross it no matter what. There were many relationships like this where the man would take the docile position until it came to a matter that he had a stern position on. That was why they weren't too worried about Alienor pressuring Velasco into taking action.

But now... it seemed that maybe all this time Velasco's love for Leonel was a bit too understated, and maybe that had been done on purpose by Velasco to force his son to grow without his shadow and looming presence.

And the results were all too clear. Between Amery who had been protected from birth and Leonel, which one of them was better? They didn't believe that Leonel was so much more talented than Amery, the gap between them lay between what they had experienced to reach this point...

The Morales Ancestors looked quite gratified. For a long while, Velasco, despite being one of the Nebula Generation, was practically a separate entity from the Morales due to his independence. But now, it felt like the Human Domain had been reminded of where his roots truly lay, and it was ironically due to his son.

"It seems that we'll need to prepare for a grand coronation ceremony," Ancestor Alvaro said with a bright smile.

However, at that moment, their expressions all seemed to change at once.