Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The rumbling of the Human Domain wasn't something that could be ignored. It was a trembling that originated in the depths of space, as though a monstrous existence had grabbed hold of the folds of reality and began to whip it about.

There was only one thing that could cause this, and that was a large change in the Domain Barrier.

The Domain Barrier wasn't much of a barrier, it was instead the very Void Battlefield that Leonel had been to once before. The trouble was that the deeper one ventured into the Void Battlefield, the thicker that Anarchic Force would become. At a certain point, it would thicken to the extent that even Ancestors would find it difficult to make their way through while maintaining their lives.

It was possible to make it through, but it required a great deal of effort. This process usually required a large amount of Force that scaled depending on the number of individuals that were being transported through.

Leonel had been to a Rapax Nest before, but that Rapax Nest was located in human territory, on their side of the barrier. It was just unfortunate on the part of the Rapax that their once-in-a-generation genius happened to be born there. But this was due to the fact that Rapax were particularly war-hungry, they spent the majority of their lives on the battlefield and many joked that the Rapax Domain was probably empty because the rest of them were all fighting Domain battles on the Void Battlefield.

This aside, the point in mentioning this was that movement through the barrier was infrequent, but it wasn't rare, so many were used to it. However, for the commotion to be this large, it could only mean that an impossible number of enemies were storming through all at once, possibly even from multiple Domains at once!

When those present thought to this point, their hearts lurched into their throats.

Suddenly, the reason settled in for them all.

All this time, those races had mostly left the humans alone because they didn't have any land worth conquering. For those monstrous Races, they had too many Seventh Dimensional worlds to care about waging war to get more. All they cared about were Eighth Dimensional worlds. If they could claim a few human territories with ease, they would take some, which was why there were still other races on the Void Battlefield. But if it took too much effort to the point of not being worth it, they wouldn't bother.

But now...

Everyone looked toward the Morales.

This had all happened even faster than they had expected. The sudden breakthrough had caught them all off guard. They were ready for Earth to promote in the next coming years, but no one had been ready for the Morales to do it first.

It had to be remembered that the Morales world only had Seventh Dimensional potential to begin with. If not for the sudden formation of their Constellation, all of this wouldn't have happened.

Many wanted to blame the Morales. They were already enraged with them as it was due to Leonel, but what could they do in this matter? At best, they could use it as an excuse to try and force the Morales to take on the most difficult missions.

But after they had this thought, they couldn't help but take a look toward Velasco who was still trying to appease his wife as though he couldn't feel the commotion at all. In fact, his silver boat was surprisingly sturdy in the roaring waves of space.

They hesitated and grit their teeth.

The Void Palace was the frontline, but they knew that they would have to act to help soon. The strongest of the human families were surprisingly unselfish in this matter as they were well aware that if things went wrong, it would be they who were finished.

Like this, many of the Starships vanished into the horizon. Many swept another glance toward Leonel, but seeing that it was absent-minded, they felt that the warning in their glares fell on blind eyes. He simply didn't seem to care.

Soon, only the Morales were left, but they realized the seriousness of the situation as well. It was unknown how long the Void Palace disciples would be able to last. There was no doubt that the Domain Ranked disciples would take action now as this was their main purpose, but many of them were out on missions and it was hard to tell how organized they would be.

This matter dampened their mood considerably. Those that were sharp knew how much this matter would influence the Morales' place in this war. It was one thing for Earth, which was perceived to have little power of its own, to trigger this war, but for it to be them, as one of the apex families of the Human Domain to do so...

It had a completely different connotation.

"Little Nova, it seems that your coronation will have to be put on hold, but for all intents and purposes, you are the Patriarch of the Morales family now," Ancestor Alvaro said lightly.

Suddenly, a rare female Ancestor among them stepped forward. "Indeed, Little Nova is now our Patriarch, but isn't it about time that you released Third Nova? The Heir Wars are over and any grudge you two have had during them should be over now."

Ancestor Alvaro subconsciously nodded. Indeed, those were the rules of the Heir Wars, it kept the peace in the family. And since a Domain War was about to be waged with the Human Domain being assaulted from all sides, unity was more important now than ever.

The female Ancestor went by Ancestor Issa, she had a petite frame and was getting on in her middle ages, but she still had a youthful, sharp look in her eyes. Female Ancestors were quite rare among the Morales because the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor wasn't particularly suited to them. However, Ancestor Issa was one of the rare few women who had been an Heir Candidate in the past, although she hadn't won.

Leonel sent a calm gaze toward the Ancestors. Indeed, to these old fogies, the Patriarch position was only the figurehead of the family, the true authority rested on their shoulders. This could be seen by the dissatisfaction even the impartial Ancestor Alvaro had felt when he thought that Leonel was ordering him to capture Rychard.

But how could Leonel release Third Nova so easily?

Second Nova frowned, he knew that Leonel knew something, but if he took too firm of a stance without evidence, it would cause far more harm than good. He knew that Leonel was a bit hard-headed, but at the same time he believed that Leonel wasn't a fool either. It was hard to tell how he would approach this situation.

Just when Leonel was about to respond, a dashing streak of golden light came from the distance and it unfurled into a long, white gold scroll.

The expressions of the Ancestors changed once more. This scroll, it was the fastest communication method the Void Palace had access to.

They thought it was fine at first, just alerting them to what they already knew, but the actual news shook them to their core.

It only had one line.

The First Line has been breached!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The Human Domain of the Void Battlefield only had three main lines of defense and in just a few moments, the first had already been charged through!

This matter was impossible to understate. The Domain Ranked disciples they had thought could hold on for at least some time had already fallen into chaos.