Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Mom, old man, are you two coming with me?" Velasco, who was still trying to appease Alienor snorted. "Why would I stand on such a shabby ship? Do I look like a beggar to you?"

The Morales Ancestors couldn't help but wear weird expressions. Velasco sounded much less overbearing than he usually did; he sounded more like a big brother teasing his little brother. They found it hard to believe, but indeed... the relationship between Leonel and Velasco wasn't as it had seemed.

"Of course, mom will come with you," Alienor said immediately as though Velasco hadn't spoken at all.

Velasco was speechless, but as the Starship vanished into the distance, he could only climb into his own silver boat and follow behind, mumbling something to himself.

The Morales Ancestors watched in silence, their feelings complicated.

This Leonel was somehow both very much like his father and very different. They were both supremely arrogant, but while Velasco didn't care to accumulate power, believing that he himself alone was enough, Leonel was different. He had supporters, he was more than willing to leverage his bloodline to command their resources, and he even had no qualms about being shameless and relying on the support of others.

In a way, Leonel was even more dangerous than his father was. Just as talented, but less restricted by his own personality and demeanor.

Seeing him take out billions of soldiers this way, right after the youths had already put everything they could into the Heir Wars, was baffling. Though most of them were older than 100 years old, there were definitely a large number that weren't, and yet he didn't even care to use them...

That was because his goal had never been the Heir Wars in the first place, from the beginning, his vision was beyond that, and it seemed to be that he didn't care whether the Morales fully supported him or not.

The former Heir Candidates looked toward one another silently, but the Ancestors were the ones who really didn't know how to deal with this matter.

Leonel couldn't be controlled, he couldn't be constrained, it was difficult to tell just what would happen to the Morales family under his control. In fact, it seemed that their usual traditions were in jeopardy. They had just been really happy, but they weren't sure now.

When it came time for the next generation to take up the Patriarch position, would Leonel willingly step down as all the others before him had? His ambition didn't seem to allow for this...

There had been one other time this happened in Morales history, and it had caused divisions that lasted until this day. Could they allow it to happen again?

The Ancestors looked toward one another, their expressions unreadable.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

How could they remove Leonel from the Patriarch position after all that had happened? Maybe even some of the Ancestors wouldn't agree. How would the Human Domain react to such a farce? And further than that, what kind of retaliation would Leonel give them?

...

Leonel could guess the thoughts of the Ancestors. The funny part was that they were right to worry, because he truly had no intention of stepping down. He truly had a knack for getting himself into trouble he deserved, but he didn't care very much.

By the time it was time for him to step down, he would have already united at least the Human Domain. It would no longer be the Morales family, it would be an Empire.

If the Morales tried to kick him out ahead of time, well... Good luck.

Leonel spun the spatial ring he had received in his finger before he forgot everything around him to send his mind into it. He didn't have as much time as he thought he would, so if he wanted to maximize these resources, he would have a very short time.

The Silver Tablet only worked on those below the Eighth Dimension, he couldn't just use it as a get out of jail free card. And even when it came to using it on Seventh Dimensional experts and lower, there were limits, or else he wouldn't have had to purge the souls that had remained from the trial.

Relying on just being able to revive everyone would only get him so far, he needed real power.

He had prepared a great deal already, but in his opinion, there was no such thing as too much preparation. These resources were rare and he couldn't easily get his hands on them, they represented the accumulation of the most powerful families of the Human Domain. He would be a fool to not try and make use of it immediately.

With the help of the suspended reality pods of the Segmented Cube, he could extend this next day into almost 100 days.

He had only displayed 1000 pods during the Heir Wars, but that was only so that others would be fooled into thinking it couldn't be scaled. In reality, he had a million. This was enough to fundamentally change an already elite troop.

Leonel didn't edge himself, he moved his mind directly to the most powerful treasures, or rather, what he assumed to be the most powerful, the Suiard family, the Omann family, and the Spiritual Religion.

It had to be remembered that the treasure they were trying to match up to was the Transcendent Pool of the Morales. This allowed someone with no training to enter the Seventh Dimension of the Conventional Path in just one day!

The Morales wouldn't let those families bring out anything weaker than that. Of course, the resource itself wouldn't be given to Leonel, that would be ridiculous. But the amount necessary to use it once would be.

To most, a quantity of one for an army of billions was far too little... but Leonel had his own thoughts.

His mind landed upon the Suiard family's treasure and his eyes narrowed.

Indeed, it seemed that the Suiard family was worthy of being on par with the Morales family.