It wasn't long before it was Leonel's turn to be evaluated. He stood before the stocky man who he now knew went by the name of Heckle — a name that was maybe all too apropos for his outrageously loud voice.

"Not bad, not bad. Your build is good."

The man repeatedly nodded. It seemed it was quite rare for him to see people as tall as Leonel, so he was quite satisfied.

"Attack me with everything you have. The longer you last, the better your evaluation will be."

Leonel's expression became slightly weird. If he really used everything he had, this man would end up as a cripple. And that would be the best outcome.

'I can't use my full power. If I stand out too much, they'll wonder why it was no one in this town knew me… Just enough to beat him should be fine.'

This town barely had a population of a thousand. If there were any outstanding people, they should have appeared long ago. So, Leonel's choice was the wisest. Of course, he had every intention of standing out more later on.

Leonel took a step forward and threw out a punch.

Heckle was startled. This punch was even faintly better than something he could throw. He knew that Leonel would be good, but he didn't expect him to be this good.

However, when he saw the slight clumsiness in Leonel's actions, he sighed a slight breath of relief. This sort of clumsiness couldn't be faked. It seemed that despite his stature, this young man wasn't very experienced in battle.

Leonel really wasn't faking this. It could be said that all his battle prowess came from copying the spear consciousnesses. He didn't have much experience boxing, so his form was a little off and uncoordinated. But, this was to his benefit. Like this, he could show off his potential while also not raising suspicion.

Despite the power in his punch, Heckle easily evaded, countering with a strong uppercut. Using his smaller height and Leonel's inexperience to his benefit, he closed the distance with a step.

Leonel was inwardly shocked. He could easily see through Heckle's movements, and even dodging was a simple matter for him. But, that was only if he relied on his true stats. If he kept suppressing himself, he might even lose a few teeth.

Just when he felt he might just have to eat the punch, Heckle's fist came to a stop.

"Sorry, sorry. I got a bit too excited, hehe." Heckle took a step back.

He realized at that moment that he accidentally made Leonel's test more difficult than the others. He couldn't help it. Though Leonel was inexperienced, his raw strength was even better than his own with vast room for improvement.

"I'll give you a four star evaluation. Like this, you'll have a chance to become a squire for a good knight. Go on, stand off to the side."

It was clear Heckle was in a good mood finding a talent like Leonel.

Leonel expressed his thanks with a smile, pretending to be a bit shaken before recovering.

According to Heckle, a one star evaluation was only enough to join infantry. Three star was the threshold to be able to be nurtured as a leader of men. Four star and five stars were able to gain special nurturing, most of them became the squires of knights. Five star evaluations could gain a spot next to some of the best knights in Camelot. Though those knights were still short of the legendary 12 knights of the round table, they were only a step below.

Leonel was satisfied with this evaluation. Other than a handful of three star evaluations of those from the Baron's house, there were no others even close to him.

The young men from the Barony frowned hearing Heckle's words. This commoner gained a four star evaluation but they only received three stars?

However, did they dare to say anything in opposition? Heckle had beaten them all with absolute ease. It was likely that he was the strongest person in their town currently. What could they even do to him? In the end, they could only send glares toward Leonel, showing disdain toward his dirty appearance.

Toward such a thing, Leonel could only sigh. He knew that it would only get worse from here on out. Even though this Zone was based on a legend, he knew that the world of knights was filled with nobles. If even three star talents dared to send such looks toward him, it could be imagined what four star and five star talent nobles would say and do… Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

'Whatever, let's just finish this Zone off as quickly as possible…'

**

A few tens of miles from Leonel's location, the others were undergoing similar experiences. However, it seemed that their entry may not have been as seamless as they once thought.

...

The location was a castle that seemed to have been pulled directly out of a fairytale.

It was a land of complete blackness to the point even the grass that coated the land reflected like obsidian beneath the moonlight.

Amidst this darkness, there was a mountain with peaks so sharp it might have been possible to mistake them for large spears piercing toward the skies. Blended in with this mountain range was a castle of black that carried the same jagged sharpness.

Within this castle, seated on a throne that carried just as much darkness, there was a woman. Her skin was so pale that one could almost see right through it. Her hair was so black that it was difficult to tell where it stopped and her throne began.

Her dress was the same, but the cups that held up her breasts seemed to be carved out from white bone…

"I sense 12 stars of fate…" She suddenly mumbled, her cherry lips parting and closing in an alluring manner.

The woman awoke, her irises radiating a deep blackness. However, there was a hint of confusion in her eye.

According to the prophecy, there would be 12 stars of fate that could decide the path this world would take. She had always thought that those 12 were the knights of the round table…

So why was it that she suddenly sensed auras of fate that had nothing to do with them?

'Interesting, interesting…'

At that moment, the sound of footsteps entered the woman's ears as she lazily lied on her throne.

"Lord Modred! There's someone who wants to see you… This servant tried to stop them but…!"

Leonel would probably be rendered speechless once again at this point. Wasn't Modred a man? It can't be that this Zone was taking anime a bit too seriously as well, right?