Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Veins popped up all across Aina's body, her power fluctuating wildly as her Blood Force threatened to break free of her control. But after several moments, it finally seemed to calm down. She took deep gasps, however before she had even caught her breath, she gasped in shock, her expression changing again and again.

She felt as though her body was levitating at the moment. Her Ability Index had become sharper than she had ever imagined it becoming. It was as though rather than just being able to see one step ahead, she could see two. Usually, she would have to identify a problem or a roadblock she faced, and then go through a database of information she had within her mind to find the perfect solution. But now she felt that she didn't just see the problem that she was facing currently, but she could see ahead to the problem she would face after they were resolved or even branching problems that might manifest irrelevant of these matters.

It was like the road ahead had been cleared, the fogginess that had blocked much of it lifting up a great deal. Now she didn't just see enough to take a single step forward, but two steps! That was a 100% increase in her Ability Index and all because of a little stone?

She looked down at the stone, quite speechless. Only then did she focus and find what had fundamentally changed within her.

Whereas before her body had felt like both the engine and the car body, it was now just the car body, while a mysterious bundle of energy that could only be said to be the engine had separated.

Suddenly, Aina understood. The core of her ability should come from this bundle of energy, but while the bundle of energy was fused with her body, it was too difficult to distinguish what was fundamentally herself, and what were problems that should be corrected. As such, that limited the options she could take. But now...

She gripped and released her fists, her golden irises shimmering.

CRACK.

The stone's crack shocked her awake and she looked at it with a bit of pity. It would be amazing if everyone could have such a feeling, but it seemed that this stone could only be used a limited number of times.

Leonel looked toward the stone and shook his head. From his understanding, it could only be used three times, and each subsequent usage would force the person in question to undergo more pain than the last. That was because the stone had to work harder due to its imperfections, placing the body under greater stress.

That aside, Leonel doubted that anyone would receive the same great advantages that Aina had. Her Ability Index was very unique.

It had to be remembered that there was a point where even Aina herself couldn't tell where her Ability Index stopped and where her Lineage Factor began. They had too many overlapping abilities and the cloudiness made it difficult to take perfect advantage of the two. While this was good for continuing down a singular, unified path. It was bad for comprehending the inner workings of a singular power.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Now, however, with it separated from her body, the ease had become far greater. Whatever benefits Aina was receiving now was just the tip of the iceberg.

It had to be remembered that the Lineage Factor was rooted in the body and changes within it. Whether it was bloodline, additional organs, or changes to existing organs, these were all categories of Lineage Factor.

Ability Indexes, however, were bestowed by the Regulator and they were matters of the soul. Now that they had been separated, Aina's comprehension of both would become as clear as day. She was so happy that she almost squeezed all the air out of Leonel's lungs with just a single hug.

Leonel coughed heavily. "Okay, okay, Miss Guinea Pig, your husband needs your help?"

"What did you call me?" Aina squeezed tighter.

"Mercy, mercy, it's a joke, a joke!"

Aina nodded with satisfaction and then quickly came to understand what Leonel had meant. It seemed that she would be testing to see how one might form a perfect body after separating the soul.

After some hesitation, Leonel shook his head and then passed down the layers of [Dimensional Cleanse] up to the Sixth Dimensional layer to Aina. Now that he had fully comprehended all the layers he had, he wasn't restricted to passing it down in the slightest. The knowledge had truly become his own and he didn't have to rely on anyone else.

It was a long shot, but he thought that maybe it was still worth exploring. His Dreamscape had never stirred him wrong before, so maybe he would get a pleasant surprise this time.

Even so, Leonel wasn't very optimistic, that was because things weren't adding up.

This simulation had likely been created for the sake of something their creators feared. If he had to guess what this threat was, he would probably guess other races and specifically the Demon Race, but the answer was unimportant. That was because all that mattered was the fact that they needed to get stronger.

An excellent way to get stronger would be precisely something like [Dimensional Cleanse] if it was capable of surpassing the issues of being born with a fused soul. So if it was really possible for it to do such a thing, why did they need this simulation?

That aside, even if they knew about this "secret" of [Dimensional Cleanse], why would they create humans who weren't aware of how to circumvent this weakness of theirs? Why would they allow inferior examples of humans to propagate?

If they already had this technology, what use were weak, fused soul humans to them?

Clearly, they could simulate better versions... after all, weren't there Spirituals here too?

Leonel suddenly felt a headache coming on, not a figurative one, but a very real one. His mind was fatigued. No matter how he forced himself to think, there were simply too many questions and not enough answers...

That was right, if they could create Spirituals... Then why would they fear the Demons? Nothing seemed to make sense...