Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A single aura of the Sixth Dimension was completely out of place in a sea of Seventh Dimensional monsters, even more so when these Seventh Dimensional monsters were geniuses of other races or the best geniuses that the Human Domain had to offer.

And yet, Leonel didn't seem to feel the weight of the matter at all. In fact, his gaze flickered with fancing crimson lights that danced like embers within his irises. Beneath the helmet of his Divine Armor, a wild grin spread.

The Human Race was weak, huh...? He would be the judge of that.

BANG!

The ground beneath Leonel shattered. A roar filled the skies as his soldiers landed behind him, the earth rumbling and tumbling beneath their weight. And yet, in front of this monstrous tide, a singular young man who was nothing more than a speck of dust before the vastness of the Void Battlefield seemed to become the center of it all.

Leonel's black rod rose, his ten Stars appearing to his back, one part hidden in darkness and the other bathed in a blinding radiance.

His foot sank into the earth, countless cracks and devastating, bowing, boulders of earth raising from the ground as he exploded forth.

He crossed the distance between the city and front line warriors of the Void Palace in an instant. He soared above their heads, a flourishing pair of fiery wings appearing around him as he crossed the no man's land toward the Dwarven Race.

He seemed to have entirely lost his mind, too excited by the prospect of war and battle, he had done maybe the most foolish thing he could have, entering a piece of land that only left room for death.

This no man's land had formed after the Dwarven Race's pace slowed due to the roaring lasers of the two Starships. This kind of region was absolutely deadly under normal circumstances, let alone when facing a race of marksmen like the Dwarven Race.

The eyes of Ularora and Malcuhorn flashed at once. They didn't even need to give the order, the archers had already raised their bows, nocked them and fired. Their movements were smooth, it was an action they had lost track of the number of times they had completed. In truth, only one of them needed to act, but they had all reacted so fast that hundreds had fired at once.

The rain wasn't exaggerated to the point of blotting out the skies, but it was simply too fast and too vast, there was nowhere for Leonel to dodge.

But it was right then that the people of the fortified city seemed to remember something.

Leonel's grin became wilder. "Using archery against me? It seems I need to introduce myself to you invaders."

Leonel's heart seemed to blaze with an undying fire, his voice booming. The Anarchic Force seemed entirely incapable of stopping the spread of his presence. His Scarlet Star Force Wings expanded, and then expanded again.

He came to a sudden stop in the air, his spear sweeping out before him. However, it wasn't aimed toward the coming arrows at all, instead it drew a perfect arc on the ground below. It didn't seem to serve a purpose at all other than to display the sharpness of Leonel's blade even from afar... until the arrows tried to cross it.

One after another, the volley disintegrated to ash. It was as though the dividing line Leonel had casually drawn had laid down a law of causality, an unbreakable rule decided by the man standing high in the skies.

Leonel was entirely unmoved by the failure of the arrows. The ash that remained of them continued to float in the air, dancing like the dead embers of a fallen hope.

The tip of his spear trembled and he vanished.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

When he appeared again, he was standing before the frontline of Dwarven Race members and his blade flashed.

In an instant, dozens of heads flew into the skies.

Leonel took another step and vanished once more. Everywhere he passed by, his Spear Force would sparkle for just an instant before fountains of blood would fall.

The bows and arrows of the Dwarven Race were entirely useless against him. Every time one tried to target him, it would disintegrate even before making contact. As for the close combat skills of the Dwarven Race, they were worse than trash. They were smaller than him, weaker than him, and in such a large group, their level of agility was entirely useless.

Leonel's wings alone left a trail of death and destruction. He hardly tried, but every flap would send out a wave of heat and destructive aura, shattering protective armors and Forces that were already struggling beneath the Anarchic Force in the surroundings.

He was a one man grinding machine... And then his army caught up with him.

Streaks of lightning filled the air as several large eyes appeared in the skies. The Dwarven Race, which was already thrown into disarray by Leonel, was suddenly faced with an unending tidal wave of oppressive might.

No matter how fast Leonel killed, he was still one person. He could at most kill two or three dozen per second, against an army of tens of billions, it would take him decades to kill down to the last man.

However, if Leonel was the swiss army knife that disrupted their formation, and his army was the butcher's knife that ground down what remained, how much faster would his killing speed be? It simply couldn't be compared.

Leonel's roaring laughter filled the skies.

Indeed, the great Dimensional Verse didn't know the name Leonel Morales, but starting today, much like he had put the Human Domain on notice, he would make sure that they were aware of him as well... Because he was coming.

Leonel flickered and vanished, or so he thought, but he quickly found that the siege towers had changed once more and his Spatial Force was restricted. Even so, the wild grin on his face didn't fade at all.

He unleashed a roar, his spear spinning in his hands as a wild wheel of flames took shape, surging in all directions a single sweep.

and wiping out over a hundred Dwarven Race members in

He pointed his spear toward the skies toward the pair of prince and princess.

A soaring battle intent surged out from his spear.