Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Billowing plumes of royal blue fog came from Leonel's Divine Armor. Standing in the middle of a region that had been entirely cleared by him, he looked like a war god descended from the very skies themselves, untouchable and noble.

BANG!

His Gravity Field seemed to activate on its own. The Dwarven Race members that were rushing to fill in the gap were crushed instantaneously. Their faces were driven into the ground before bursting into a puddle of flesh and blood.

Leonel's free hand grasped out at the air, space itself solidifying to the point he could run his fingers through it as though it was the surface of a calm lake.

Suddenly, his hand which had been moving slowly pressed down with great force. The Gravity Field's range expanded to double its original range. The carnage was devastating. From hundreds, thousands of Dwarven Race existences were compressed from the head to their feet, falling into condensed bags of meat.

Ularora and Malcuhorn finally couldn't stay still any longer. They raised their bows, attacking in unison. They had a beautiful tacit understanding, their arrows spiraling around one another and suddenly fusing. They didn't seem to believe that Leonel could ignore any and all arrows.

Unfortunately...

BANG!

"[Emperor's Edict]."

Leonel suddenly disappeared. The lockdown of his Spatial Force vanished, the siege towers having been rendered useless within the range of his Emperor's Edict.

Leonel's slaughter only became more devastating. Every time he appeared, his Gravity Field only seemed to get stronger, its range getting wider and wider. It had never been this powerful before, but it seemed to be drawing on an endless store of energy, descending down toward the world as though the core of its plane of existence.

The devastation of dying for simply being within range of a person began to fill the Dwarven Race with fear. Without their bows and arrows, their strength was far beneath that of their Tiers. Even those well into the middle Tiers of the Seventh Dimension, and even some of the higher Tier, couldn't last a single strike against Leonel.

For the first time since the Domain War began, one of the other Races seemed to see the downside of their actions. It had seemed that there would be nothing but benefits to gain in their future at almost no cost to themselves. But now, although the number Leonel had killed was nothing more than a drop in the bucket, it was as though they could finally see their own mortality.

Leonel's body spun and the arc of his Spear Force seemed to gain a new sort of character to it.

The line of a Force Art appeared around his feet. One stroke, then two, then three. His laughter filled the air as he seemed to be dancing all alone, each stroke of his Spear Force shooting out for dozens of meters and cutting down those that managed to escape outside the range of his Gravity Field.

The accumulation of his momentum seemed to be getting faster and faster and faster. The rumbling roar of a beast slowly crescendoed. Leonel's words seemed to echo in all of their ears.

"My name is Leonel Morales. Welcome to the Human Domain."

ROAR!

A towering violet dragon manifested from the foggy energy around Leonel. His spear swung, carrying the momentum of the world as it suddenly thrust forward.

A trench was torn through the battlefield, the violet dragon roaring forth as it took out hundreds of Dwarven Race members a second.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

There was no escape, no refuge to take, no amount of togetherness and teamwork that could block it. Everyone in the line of Leonel's spear strike was wiped out, left without body and corpse, their final moments spent in awe.

BANG!

The butt of Leonel's spear slammed into the ground, his ten Stars growing another size as the light of day and night flickered back and forth. The current Leonel, just by virtue of his improved Universal Force, was on a completely different level. But when this was paired with his new Lineage Factor, he seemed to have become a beast in human skin.

He turned his back on the battlefield as though he couldn't be bothered to fight anymore, as though his boredom had taken hold and there was nothing left that could interest him.

Ularora and Malcuhorn were infuriated. He had just pointed his spear at them and provoked them, before he entirely ignored their presence. However, what could they do with their archery being useless? Without it, they weren't much more powerful than their Race members. Even so, it was impossible for them to do nothing.

"RISE!" Malcuhorn roared.

The siege towers whirred to life, a beam of light connecting them in a line. Malcuhorn swapped his bow for a staff, using it as the center to connect the siege towers before pointing it down toward Leonel.

Leonel had put in a lot of work to clear out the surrounding dozens of meters around him, but this only made things more convenient. They could target him without harming any of their own. However, at that moment, Leonel suddenly looked back.

Malcuhorn couldn't see his face, but he still felt a cold shiver run down his spine.

"Your little siege towers... I've already figured them out."

Leonel suddenly vanished, appearing atop a siege tower in an instant.

Malcuhorn frowned before relaxing. Approaching a siege tower was maybe the most foolish thing a person could do. Leonel's actions now were akin to trying to attack a fortified city wall with nothing more than a fist.

However, Leonel only raised a hand and snapped his fingers. It was a snap that echoed much further than it should have.

The ground beneath the siege tower trembled and some sort of rhythm seemed to have been disrupted. The beam that had been accumulating on Malcuhorn's staff vanished as Leonel casually swung his spear blade down.

The siege tower, meant to be indestructible and unmovable, was split in two down to the base, a blood mess falling to the ground as well as the Dwarven Race members within collapsed along with it.

Leonel raised his spear once again and rested it on his shoulder, softly landing on the ground.

The canons of the Starship took aim and the entire Dwarven Race felt exposed.