Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Ularora and Malcuhorn were shaken by what they had just seen. There were without a doubt Ancestors hiding likely in plain sight, but all of them had similar reactions. They didn't understand what it meant for Leonel to simply snap his fingers and for their highly touted formations to just collapse as though they were never a big deal.

What they didn't know was that Leonel had been getting familiar with the Dwarven Race's Force Arts for over a year now already. His first exposure to them was within a Sub-Dimensional Zone, and it went to show why existences like the Silver Empire went so far out of their way to distort their Zones. Leonel had actually gotten so much information out of what was essentially a lingering remnant of the Dwarven Race long since passed.

What Leonel learned in that Zone was twofold. First he had learned that Zones were almost entirely constructed of Dream Force, a realization that laid the foundation for his sudden understanding that everything around him now was nothing more than a simulation. The second thing he had learned was a concept that resided with him to this day, and that was the concept of Resonance.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Resonance was an ethereal concept that was difficult to grasp, but just by understanding tidbits of it Leonel was able to do a great deal. He was able to amplify his battle strength when fighting alongside Aina, he was able to bring his Spear Force to the current level, and most importantly to the given situation, he was able to grasp the weakness of the Dwarven Race.

The Dwarven Race loved to build underground, they had a fascination with being close to earth and nature, and their Force Arts were built upon this. The reason their traps and defensive measures were so great was because they could resonate with the very ground they stood upon and pull upon both its strength and its concealment.

This made the Dwarven Race's Force Arts incredibly powerful and it had also allowed them to resist the invasion of other Races. However, before Leonel who both had a deep understanding of Force Arts and an Earth Force affinity that was quickly flying off the charts...

They were worth nothing more than a snap of his fingers.

While Leonel couldn't dispel all Dwarven Race constructs so easily, the siege towers were especially vulnerable to him. That was because their foundation was compromised for the sake of gaining mobility. They simply stood no chance against him.

The canons began to glow and were already prepared to fire, however it was then that the Ancestors of the Dwarven Race couldn't seem to sit still any longer.

There was a very obvious tacit understanding amongst those participating in this war. So long as the Ancestors of one side didn't appear, neither would the Ancestors of the other side. However, with their army facing extinction in the face of these laser canons, what choice did the Dwarven Race have? They could only attack.

But to their surprise, their action didn't receive the sort of retaliation they were expecting. It was as though the Ancestors of the Void Palace elders hadn't appeared just yet, nowhere to be seen in one of the most crucial times.

The disciples of the fortified city all paled at once. They thought they had a clear grasp of the situation because Leonel had stopped them from retreating. Of course the elders wouldn't be present to help stop this situation because they likely already expected to sacrifice a number of them in exchange for giving up the city.

The Dwarven Race Ancestors immediately spread out into a formation of their own, their gazes steely as they prepared to block the coming lasers. They didn't have the luxury to guess at why the Void Palace elders hadn't appeared just yet because even a single Starship was a huge threat to an Ancestor, let alone a pair of them like this.

That said, not all of them were like this. Taking advantage of the situation, one peeled off from the group, his gaze malevolent as his wings flapped, bringing him near Leonel in the blink of an eye. He didn't even bother to use his bow and arrow, not knowing whether Leonel had a method to dispel even his, instead he wanted to end this matter as swiftly as possible.

A Sixth Dimensional existence capable of killing Seventh Dimensional geniuses as though they were trash? That was unacceptable enough. He couldn't allow such a genius to grow in another race.

He didn't know whether Leonel was responsible for the collapse of his formation. In his eyes, this must have been something the Human Race as a whole had figured out recently. After all, the Dwarven Race was well aware of the danger that the Zones they had left behind posed, they just hadn't expected for the Humans to find a method of dealing with them through it.

If he had known that Leonel had figured it all out on his own, nothing would change. At most, his killing intent would be even sharper, but he was already going all out to kill Leoenl as soon as possible so that none could interfere.

Leonel sent a gaze toward the oncoming Ancestor. Unlike normal Sixth Dimensional existences, he was capable of sensing this sort of speed clearly, and his speed of thought was fast enough to keep up. Unfortunately, his body was not.

The gap between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions was already enormous, let alone the gap between the Seventh and Eighth. This man didn't just seem to be in Tier 1 of the latter either.

Even so, Leonel remained exceptionally calm, unmoving.

The Ancestor believed that this was because Leonel didn't even realize he was in danger yet, but at that moment a palm suddenly manifested from thin air, appearing right before the Ancestor.

The Ancestor was taken off guard and hurried to defend, striking out with a palm of his own.

BANG!

His figure shuddered and he was sent flying back dozens of meters before he stopped in the air.

From afar, a woman with flowing golden hair and sharp green eyes stood on the bow of a ship, looking down toward the battlefield.