Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The lasers collided with the formation of the elders in the skies. They all grit their teeth defending against the volley. At the same time, the pair of prince and princess hurriedly commanded a retreat, having no choice but to leave behind the siege tower that Leonel had split in two.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After a small bit of hesitation, Leonel didn't follow after them, his gaze only narrowing.

He was truly aware now of the scale of these wars. Unless he was supremely powerful, it was impossible to make a dent against so many people. He must have killed thousands already, but that wasn't even a tenth of a percent of the enemy's army. They were simply an endless swarm.

His own army didn't get a chance to be very effective because the Dwarven Race was simply too decisive. Normally, another race might be too arrogant to throw out their Ancestors just because a Sixth Dimensional existence was stirring trouble, but this must be why the Dwarven Race had managed to survive for so long despite their weakness.

They were decisive, they weren't scared of being called cowards, and they cared for their own. For the current Leonel, this was the most troublesome type of opponent because they were too cautious. The moment they felt that things were going left, they vanished. Even the Ancestor that had attacked him, after his mother had forced him into a retreat, he vanished without a trace as well, not even trying a follow up attack.

Ultimately, the losses for the Dwarven Race were more than acceptable. They had exchanged basically a few thousand lives in exchange for breaching the first line of defense and causing no small bit of damage to the structure of the second. They would probably regroup and prepare for another attack, or try to benefit off the back of another Race's attack.

Leonel looked down at the siege tower beneath him, his gaze flickering with some thoughts.

In his preparation for war, he had created quite a number of things. The armors, or what he called the Linked Resonation Armors, were only just one of these numbers, he had also created his own siege towers. The Segmented Cube made these matters so much easier on him since he only needed to create one and provide the resources while Anastasia handled everything else.

But, one thing he had neglected in their creation was the possibility of incorporating the Force Arts of the Dwarven Race. This siege tower might give him some clues toward improving it.

He tossed the siege tower into the Segmented Cube then threw these matters to the back of his mind. Then, he ordered his subordinates to return before looking toward the disciples of the Void Palace.

"Return to the city, I don't want to hear talks of retreat."

The disciples hesitated, but then they looked toward the woman on the bow of the ship. They didn't recognize her by face, but they could guess who she was, and they had all heard the rumors about what had happened at the Heir Wars.

This woman should be Leonel's mother, and with her here, even if Leonel's intention was to betray the Void Palace, there really wasn't much of anything they could do. The gap between their Dimensions was far too steep. Even if the current Leonel was in Tier 9 of the Seventh instead of the Sixth, no one would just assume that he would be able to battle an Ancestor.

To put this matter into perspective, if Leonel had the means of an Ancestor, it wouldn't take him decades to kill an army of billions. A few hours would probably be enough. The gap was impossible to fathom.

Like this everyone returned to the city obediently and Leonel began to take inventory of everything. Of course, this wasn't for resources, but to rather understand what he could make do with and what was useless about the city's defenses.

This was only one city of many, he couldn't just stay here, and there were likely other cities that had received the retreat order, if he was too slow the entire second line would collapse and by then, a single city would be useless.

The second line of defense had by far the most cities of them all. The first line only had three cities, but the second line had nine while the third line of defense was just the Void Palace which, though large, technically just counted as one though no one would really see it that way.

There were certain advantages.

The first was that the cities were connected by teleportation platforms, and these platforms could accommodate large amounts of people at once, up to a million at once without issue. Of course, a million was a drop in the bucket in a war of this scale, but it was much better than others.

Leonel, though, didn't plan on relying on this. Although it wouldn't be instant, he could transport more people at great speed with his Starships. Then, he suddenly had an idea and grinned. Such a large teleportation platform, it would be a shame if he didn't use it.

Back on Earth, he had dropped a city from the city relying on a Force Art similar to this one. Although he had completed so many great things since then, that still felt like a crowning achievement of sorts. Wouldn't it be a shame if he peaked so early? Wouldn't it be embarrassing if the coolest story he could tell had happened when he was still a teenager?

He was a grown man now, but he wasn't old yet. He still had some youth in these bones.

Leonel grinned wildly.

His mind swirled with thoughts of the Dwarven Race Force Arts, his new comprehension of Spatial Force, his self-created Lotus Domain. Then he thought about how this formation was quite unique in the fact that it could only teleport precisely to nine locations, those being the other eight cities and the final being the Void Palace itself.

Leonel double checked and realized that there was truly no way for him to make it to all eight cities at the same time.

That was when his eyes began to glow, his Dream Force flourishing.