Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel looked like a madman. He stood before the empty teleportation platform while everyone else remained idle. He must have stood staring into space for what was at least 10 minutes. This was really only a small period of time, but in this kind of war where everyone felt as though they were sitting on tenterhooks, it was far too long.

For Leonel, this sort of time was even longer. His Dream Force had experienced three enormous leaps during the course of the Heir Wars, each time his Ability Index increased with it. But none was more exaggerated than after his future self seemed to connect with his current self. It was as though all of the shackles that had been holding him down were crushed into ashes all at once.

For the current Leonel, thinking for 10 minutes without any other thoughts was akin to another person thinking for years, it was truly that exaggerated. In the past, Wise Star Order had been able to counter his split minds and speed of thought with pure speed of thought of his own. But the current Wise Star Order couldn't hold a candle to Leonel, and at the moment, even Ancestors couldn't think even a fraction of a percent as quickly as Leonel could.

For Leonel to spend an entire 10 minutes on this problem, it could only be said that it was the greatest project of his life.

The problem with what he was trying to do was the fact that he only had access to one of the nine formations. He couldn't do anything to the others. If he had access to all nine, it would be far easier, but because he didn't, he had to use the spatial tunnel that connected them all to transpose the changes in real time.

He couldn't do this ahead of time or else it would alert others and introduce variables. He had to do it such that everything would move in unison, at once, completing in the shortest time possible and executing all at once.

At the same time, the movement through the Spatial Tunnels would introduce deviations, distortions and margin of error. He had to account for this and correct it, but this was a tall task not just due to the insane distances that were in question, but also the biggest elephant in the room: Anarchic Force.

While it seemed that Leonel had reached the point where he could ignore Anarchic Force, this couldn't have been further from the truth. The reality was that he hadn't noticed a significant dip in his strength only because this was the second line of defense, if he had been at the first, he would have probably experienced at least a 10% dip.

And with how things were, even in the second line, the further one's attacks or Force in general traveled through Anarchic Force, the larger chance there would be for it to suddenly collapse.

In order to account for this, Leonel had to wrap his calculation in a complex lotus pattern, like a transfiguration for his Force that would account for the chewing up of Anarchic Force and leave behind just enough that everything would go perfectly.

He couldn't make these defenses too solid or else there would be too much, and he couldn't make them too weak or else there would be too little.

This was the reality of what Leonel was facing. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that it was the toughest problem he had ever faced. And yet, in the face of such a problem, he was already grinning ear to ear in just ten minutes.

Leonel began to move.

The first thing he did was stomp a foot, hard, shattering everything in his path and seemingly ruining the formation before him. But those thoughts only seemed to last for a moment before it became clear that the formation was untouched and undamaged, the only change was that the enormous platform had begun to sink into the earth.

Many paled when they saw this. For one, this was their only route out, but the second issue here was that... wasn't Leonel's Earth Force affinity a bit too high?

It was well known that Earth Force was one of the hardest Forces to use at a high level not because it was any more unruly than others, but rather because the higher the Dimension of the world you were in, the more sturdy the ground and the more unmovable the earth was.

This matter was even more exaggerated in a world filled with Anarchic Force, and yet here was Leonel, casually stomping his foot and causing a platform kilometers in diameter to sink into it. It was ridiculous.

Only Leonel knew how far he had come. The first time he stepped foot into the Void Palace, he couldn't even leave a white mark on a mere tree trunk, let alone take mastery over the earth. But now...

The cracks in the earth began to become thicker. Not only did they become thicker, but they became more organized and mysterious. Just looking at them, people felt as though their souls were being sucked out from their eyes, it was a magical feeling that couldn't be described.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

And then, these lines solidified. The moment the earth stopped rumbling, the teleportation platform began to grow on its own, large swaths of Anarchic Force being dispelled as pure Force moved forward, filling the trenches created by Leonel's stomp.

It was then that it clicked. Those trenches... They were a large Force Art!

By this point, the teleportation platform had already sunk deep into the earth for what must have been at least 10 meters. As it did so, all of the Force in the surroundings surged toward it, growing thicker and thicker until the point of a dense white fog was covering the top of the teleportation platform and completely obscuring it from view. It was unlike anything anyone here had ever seen, it looked like the Force was just moments away from becoming a dense liquid.

And then, the entire city began to rumble.

Leonel tilted his head up into the skies and began to laugh.

A wild pillar of energy surged out and pierced into the skies.

At that moment, all eight of the remaining cities were in a heated retreat. Many of those in the vanguard were being slaughtered wantonly. The Dwarven Race could be considered the weakest of these invading Races, so one could imagine the kind of devastation the others were facing currently.

If Ronan's orders had been followed, this sort of slaughter would have been levied against the people of Leonel's fortified city, but they were spared this fate while the others weren't so lucky.

The spirits of the invading races were high and filled with disdain while those the humans had hit rock bottom. It seemed that there would only be death or enslavement in their future... Until their cities began to rumble and suddenly gave off an enormous pillar of light.

One after another, their teleportation platforms sunk into the earth and exploded with Force, deep trench marks identical to the ones Leonel had created taking shape one after another.

The ground shook and quaked, then in a shocking scene, all of the Anarchic Force in the region seemed to be pushed away, expelled like waste blocked by a barrier of pure radiance.