Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The sudden change shocked many.

The dispelling of Anarchic Force wasn't rare. It was something that all those at the top echelon of various Domains were capable of. Though it took effort and many resources, it wasn't impossible so long as the Anarchic Force was beneath a certain threshold of concentration. Leonel himself had been to many places capable of doing this, like the Spear Faction of the Void Palace as one example.

But for it to happen here, on the second line of defense, and on such a large scale as well and seemingly completely randomly, it was a shocking change for many on the battlefield. And what was more important than even that was that it seemed that the shift of Anarchic Force wasn't a simple matter at all, rather, it seemed that this was just the byproduct of what was really happening.

The cities suddenly began to absorb a large amount of Force, and it was this rushing influx of Force that was pushing the Anarchic Force away.

It was then that a shocking realization settled in. The purpose of this commotion wasn't to shift the Anarchic Force at all. Rather, the true purpose was so volatile and taking place on such a large scale that it had formed a perfect semi-ring of Anarchic Force-less region that completely changed the landscape of the battlefield.

And then it happened.

The rumbling of the cities reached an apex and a strong fluctuation of Spatial Force began to accumulate. As the cities continued their loud commotion, it was as though the entire world was shaking.

The vibrations of the earth seemed to hit a perfect tone. Like the sharp voice of a soprano treble echoing into shapely glassware, the city and the earth shook as one, each amplifying the other until they reached a crescendo.

Fear took hold of the faces of several, both human and not. It felt like the entire world was coming to an end as one of the most dangerous Forces in existence, Spatial Force, continued to increase in concentration. If this amount of Spatial Force suddenly went out of control, what it could cause was simply beyond imagining.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Spatial ripples would be the least of one's concerns. Fissures in reality, cracks in the void, even the sudden onset of true blackholes wasn't impossible. If any one of these things occurred, there would only be death waiting for them all.

But at that moment, just when things had reached their greatest height, everything came to a grinding halt.

The rumbling slowed, the pillars of light gently dispersed, and the quaking cities solidified upon their foundations once again. It was as though the world had regained its peace, however... The clear semi-ring of dispersed Anarchic Force remained like the dividing line between Heaven and Hell.

It was then that many sighed a slight hint of relief, but their curiosity couldn't help but spike. Just what had happened here?

Some Races were trapped within the semi-ring, but the vast majority of them had retreated out of the range. As for the Human Race, they were the exact reverse, having been stuck in the middle of a retreat from the very start. But now, even they were wondering what was going on and just what had happened exactly.

Unable to withhold their curiosity any longer, some attempted to approach the semi-ring of Anarchic Force-less regions. However, when their hands tried to pass through, they were suddenly frozen solid.

Their hands, they couldn't pass them through. Even after putting in more effort, they couldn't seem to pass through at all.

At the same time, those on the opposite side, on the side of the humans, fell right through. But to their shock, their bodies suddenly began to stretch as though they had entered a blackhole. They didn't even feel any pain until they suddenly no longer felt anything at all.

Dead. They were all dead.

The hearts of those that hadn't had the courage to go forward lurched. They couldn't believe what they were seeing. How could Seventh Dimensional existences die after just touching a formation for a split moment? How could they not even have the chance to resist?

It was then that the Races stuck on the Human Race side of the barrier realized that they were truly trapped, there was no going back. They could either be obediently captured, or they would die to the last man.

As for the Races stuck on the Invader's side, they didn't have a quick method of moving forward at all. Ancestors started to come forward, and many attacked the barrier in full force, only for their expressions to change when they realized that even they couldn't make a dent.

When had the Human Race gained such a protective mechanism? What was happening?

The man who had made it all happen was still grinning, but the fatigue on his face was evident. He breathed heavily, his mind feeling as though it had been drained to the last drop. But even then, he could feel himself quickly recovering at a speed that had been entirely impossible.

Even so, he took a step forward, landing in the middle of the enormous, sunken teleportation platform. Force swirled around him and suddenly his image was projected to all nine of the cities, his grinning face appearing in the skies above the Void Battlefield.

"Welcome, welcome," Leonel said with a light chuckle. "You all may not know me, but that time will come soon. Don't worry about this for now, I just have a little message for my fellow humans.

"This barrier will hold for three days. In that period, any attacks that come from our side will be concentrated and amplified. Your canons will be easily five to ten times more powerful than usual. I would suggest that you use this time to attack."

Leonel spoke with a leisurely smile on his face, but his words were surprisingly sinister.

At that moment, a Starship had already suddenly appeared before a fortified city. Before it, there was an Ancestor of the Cloud Race testing the strength of the barrier before himself. However, after throwing a punch, the world suddenly fell into silence.

The Starship fired a single time and the Ancestor froze, his body slowly falling backward and hitting the ground. Dead.