Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's laughter echoed through the Void Battlefield. He seemed to take the death of an Ancestor as a practical joke.

The most shocking part of the attack was that the laser beam had started off wide and thick. But the moment it passed through the semi-ring anti-Anarchic Force barrier, it was stretched so thin that it became entirely invisible on the other side.

It seemed that the stretching of the Races that had entered the barrier wasn't a bug, it was a feature. Not only could it prevent those races from running away and forcing them to accept their punishment at the hands of the humans that now suddenly completely outnumbered them, but it could also be used to enhance laser attacks and any Force based attacks for that matter.

Leonel had clearly taken inspiration from the end of the Heir Wars to design this barrier. Why just have a barrier that could only allow attacks from one side when you could have a barrier that only allowed attacks from one side AND amplified those attacks as well?!

It was only after the Ancestor collapsed to an attack he couldn't even see properly that a small dot in the middle of his forehead was noticed.

On that day, the first Ancestor had fallen in the world, and the backdrop to his death was the laughter of a young man barely in his mid-twenties. The shock that this caused spread across the battlefield and the other races quickly retreated.

"Why are you running?" Leonel asked, jeering the invaders. "You all came with such fierce momentum, don't leave like this, I've been looking forward to meeting you all for so long."

The fury of the invading races seemed to reach an all new height. They had never thought that they would come here just to be humiliated. The truly horrendous part of all of this was that the matters of one battlefield couldn't travel to another instantaneously, and definitely not faster than Leonel's Starships.

Before even a few minutes was up, eight Ancestors of various races had fallen, each one as tragically at the last, and each one regretting that they didn't take Leonel's near maniacal laughter more seriously.

The Human Race was stunned as they watched the other Races flee, their frustration and agitation of the last day or so being reflected back to them in a way that had never felt more satisfying than now. It was like they had finally gained space to breathe.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

However, when they remembered that this would only last for three days, though their moods didn't completely dampen, they cooled a great deal.

Looking up at the face in the skies, they didn't need to guess that it was Leonel that had somehow made all of this possible.

"Fortify your cities," Leonel commanded, changing the resonance of his voice so that it couldn't be heard past the barrier. "Don't retreat. Anyone who retreats now I will kill personally, that is a promise. The Human Race has more backbone than this, act like it."

The blood of the Void Palace disciples began to boil and they roared one after another, rushing toward the straggling other-Race members and killing them one by one. This wasn't the kind of war they could take prisoners for, the only thing that was left was battle!

Leonel "disconnected" and exhaled a breath, shaking his head. He was quite aware that he had just put a huge target on his back, but the smile on his face hadn't faded in the slightest.

Aina appeared at the edge of the crater and shook her head. She really wanted to ask Leonel why he had revealed that this barrier would only last for three days, but she didn't know if this annoying man would actually answer her question.

Leonel grinned, taking a step and appearing by her side. "What? Am I very handsome?"

Aina rolled her eyes, "barely passable."

"I'll take it," Leonel laughed. "You don't need to wonder so much. They would figure it out anyway eventually, the barrier will definitely weaken over time. If I tried to play it off like we had more than three days, or even an infinite time, they wouldn't see it as strength, they would see it as a vulnerability. By candidly admitting that we only have three days, after the three day period is up they'll second guess attacking immediately.

"How many Ancestors are there in the whole Dimensional Verse? Maybe a few hundred? I doubt it's much more than a thousand total, but eight died today when maybe eight have died in the past hundreds of years in totality. They'll definitely think twice before they make a move."

It couldn't be helped, this method by Leonel was genius, but it was crude.

He relied on the innate Spatial Force accumulating ability of the teleportation platforms and then used the earth and concepts of the Dwarven Race to amplify this ability hundreds of folds over. But the problem with that was the fact that the platforms were taking the brunt of the punishment.

These platforms were made with excellent, top class, top quality materials. They were rated to last thousands of years with minor maintenance. But now Leonel was burning through all of that durability in three days. It could be imagined the kind of pressure that was on these platforms currently.

Aina could see that behind Leonel's confidence, there was a hint of a spinning wheel. It was clear that he didn't have a solution for all of this, he at best had a minor stopgap but it was hard to say how things would turn out in the end.

He had given the Human Domain three days, so hopefully the other families would show up. The problem, however, was that the Void Palace was clearly compromised, it was hard to say what would happen. In fact, very soon, it might be the case that the Void Palace might try to come here to stir trouble, or they might ignore him directly out of fear of his father and target the other families before they could even appear.

This matter would definitely be troublesome.

However, Leonel was still Leonel. He had his own ideas.