Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Dwarven Race didn't know exactly what had happened, they had no idea how lucky they were that they had gotten off so easily. The other Races all lost at least one Ancestor, while some had even lost two, with the worst being the Beast Domain which had lost three.

In their ignorance, they were quite enraged by what had happened, but they were also hesitant. They were the weakest of the Races aside from the humans themselves and they had only attacked because they felt that it would be an easy way to gather more resources and strengthen themselves.

They were well aware that their current strategy of remaining holed up in their Domain and constantly defending against outside attacks couldn't last forever. They would suffer greatly eventually if they weren't also improving. The only race that could afford to rest on their laurels was the Spirituals. They didn't have such luxury.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

An Ancestor of the Dwarven Race, Ancestor Beros, looked toward another, an Ancestor Wranqen with a questioning look. Ancestor Wranqen was the very same Ancestor that had tried to quickly kill Leonel during the commotion. He was being questioned about what he had experienced.

"... It was a powerful attack, I didn't feel like I could resist. But I don't understand it well. She attacked from at least 10 kilometers away, through Anarchic Force, her strength is not small. If she was closer, she could have very well killed me."

Ancestor Beros and the other Ancestors looked quite serious. Against such a powerful Ancestor level being, the Dwarven Race was at a disadvantage, especially if that child's ability to negate Bow Force could be extended toward them as well.

"More importantly, that brat who destroyed our siege tower, how is that he can dispel Bow Force? Isn't the Bow Domain Ring with the Spirituals? How is this possible?"

"This is something beyond even the Bow Domain Ring. The Bow Domain Ring can only dispel Bow Force targeted toward the person in question, but this child can dispel Bow Force in a wide range almost as though it's a Domain of sorts."

"Is it an Ability Index?"

"It must be, there doesn't seem to be any other explanation. It's just unfortunate that this is a perfect counter to our Race's strength. I think we should consider our next step very carefully."

The Ancestors fell into silence and subconsciously looked toward Ancestor Beros. This man's opinion was highly respected as he was the one who had convinced them all to take part in this war. It was in their nature to defend and hole up, so one could imagine the kind of influence this man had to convince their entire Race to go against their usual stand.

Before Ancestor Beros could say anything, the Princess of their Race, Ularora, rushed in.

"Greetings, Ancestors, I've received a message from Gregwyn, Prince of the Nomad Race. There's a meeting of the Races taking place to discuss the Human Race."

The expressions of the Dwarven Race's people jumped. This wasn't something they had expected. Had something happened? What kind of change could warrant this sort of response?

Not long later, Ancestor Beros entered a circle of Ancestors.

The Nomad Race, the Rapax Race, the Beast Domain, the Cloud Race, they were all here. The appearances of the Nomad, Rapax and Cloud Race could be imagined, but the Beast Domain Ancestor was different as one might expect.

The Beast Domain's representative was a three-headed serpent beast. It had a huge body, spanning almost 20 meters in length. The section its three heads connected to thumped with the echo of a raging river. Every time its tongues slithered, a harsh whistling sound would fill the air and it felt as though all the oxygen in the surrounding dozens of kilometers was taken over by it.

The Beast Domain was really known as a wild zone. It wasn't controlled by any single type of beast but rather had a myriad of races within them. However, each Ancestor that was born among them was allowed to take over a region of their own and this became their governing bodies.

They didn't cooperate in anything but war because they all felt that more territory would only benefit them. However, having lost three Ancestors already, it could be imagined that they were entirely enraged.

However, this made what happened next all the more infuriating.

"The Rapax will not be participating in this matter any longer."

The language of the Rapax was just as grating on the ears as usual, but it seemed to be perfectly translated in the ears of the Ancestors present.

Without any hesitation, the Beast Domain's representation raised its three heads and roared, its fury causing the skies above to churn.

Ancestor Beros' expression changed and he retreated. He wasn't the only one who retreated, but he was definitely the one that had the fastest.

The Rapax Ancestor, however, didn't move. In fact, he waited for the three-headed serpent beast to stop roaring before he swept it a casual glance and then turned to leave.

"WAIT!" The Beast Domain Ancestor roared, its voice sounding like rumbling thunder clouds. "Why you retreat?"

Its speech was very simple, and its language was nothing but a mixture of roars and grunts, but the point got across clearly enough.

"Because our Race's treasured son does not want to participate any longer," the Rapax said calmly before vanishing over the horizon.

The other Races were stunned. The Rapax put so much stock in the words of their prince? If they understood correctly, this boy was barely over 20 years of age as well.

The others looked toward one another, but it was clear they had no intention to retreat. They didn't know what the Rapax were doing, but this wasn't enough to sway them.

That said, aside from the Beast Domain, the Rapax were the most suited to being the vanguard. Even so... with the rage of the Beast Domain representative seemed clear enough... This could be used.

The Nomad and Cloud Race Ancestors looked toward one another, their thoughts unreadable.