Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The choice of the Rapax didn't make sense to the remaining Ancestors. Their greater hatred told them that the Rapax were just cowards, but the much greater reason told them that this was absolute nonsense. The Rapax were a warring race, they were constantly attacking all of the Domains at once. In truth, they were a bit of an eyesore due to this, however they were so difficult to deal with that none of the Domains had taken action until now.

There was no race that was more prepared for war than the Rapax. From youth, they were birthed on the battlefield and from the moment they took their first breaths they had already begun to acclimate to Anarchic Force whereupon by the time they were mature, they were practically entirely immune. It also didn't help that they were entirely undetectable through usual sensory methods.

Due to all of this, they were a race unafraid of provocation and loss. They were probably the least moved by the loss of their Ancestors. So why were they retreating?

Even with all of this being laid out before them, the Ancestors simply didn't have a reason. They had no idea what had happened all those years ago, and maybe to them, even if they did know, they could never connect these two matters because it was simply too ridiculous.

After a moment, the Ancestors of the Cloud Race and the Nomad Race spoke.

"Even without the Rapax, this matter can't be ignored. The Human Domain cannot be allowed to produce an Eighth Dimensional World and advance within it."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

If these words were to echo in Leonel's ears, it was unknown how he would react.

All this while, his assumptions toward why it was the Human Domain was being attacked was quite benign and normal. An Eighth Dimensional world provided a world of resources. These other Domains might not care about Seventh Dimensional worlds because they had too many, but Eighth Dimensional worlds, the pinnacle of the Dimensional Verse, were another animal entirely.

However, these words seemed to imply that this wasn't a war for resources, but rather an attempt to stop the humans from growing any further.

But this didn't make any sense. In terms of geniuses and overall combat strength, these races were far beyond that of humans, so much so that when it was one to one, humans would almost always lose against other races with the exception of the Dwarven Race.

"Even so, we will have to wait three days."

"Don't you think it's odd that this boy would make it so clear that it was three days? What's his purpose?"

"It might be to lure us into a trap. It's possible that in three days they will control that mysterious formation to vanish, and then when we've let our guard down, they'll spring another trap," the Nomad Ancestor said coldly.

"How could your spies not know about this?"

The Cloud Race's expression was somewhat ugly when he heard this question.

"What is it?"

"My race's members have been dying one after another in quick succession. Also, not a single one has sent reports about this formation. From the information I was fed before this war began, it's impossible for the humans to have such a measure, and it's even more impossible that it would be so well hidden. From my understanding, the greatest threat is, without a doubt, the Omann family's new Starships, and one has already appeared on the battlefield."

"No news, that's impossible."

"Might I ask what is going on here?" Ancestor Beros finally interjected, his brows locked into a frown.

Even if these two looked down on the Dwarven Race, speaking as though he wasn't here after inviting him here was too ridiculous, no? It was one thing for the somewhat slow and unintelligent Beast Domain Race Ancestor to not speak, but shouldn't they try and integrate him into the conversation?

The Cloud Race and Nomad Race Ancestors looked over. They instinctually wanted to ignore the question, but they had already decided to invite the Dwarven Race. So they were needed. They quickly explained things, but the more Beros heard, the more ridiculous he felt it was. But then... he thought of a certain body.

"... My Race was forced to retreat before these things occurred so I was unaware. However, we experienced something similarly baffling. One of our siege towers was destroyed by a boy, likely the same boy you are speaking about. Indeed, he did say his name was Leonel Morales as well."

The two Ancestors were frowning, but when they heard this they suddenly jolted awake. They had subconsciously ignored Leonel's name because they couldn't be bothered to give a Sixth Dimensional existence the time of day. They all inwardly believed that Leonel was just the proxy for the actions of someone else and had ignored his name.

But suddenly hearing it again, they linked it to another man.

Velasco Morales.

Their expressions turned serious.

The reason they were taking the Human Race so seriously was because they were aware of the potential of the humans. Their efforts were scattered and unfocused, so they were weak, but that didn't mean that it would always be like this... Leonel wasn't the only one who felt that the Human Race and the Spirituals were far too similar for it to be a coincidence.

But if there had to be a second reason, it was definitely that man who had been rampaging across the Dimensional Verse as though it was his own backyard, acting as he pleased without a care in the world.

The Morales name was of no consequence to them, they knew them as a family with a Seventh Dimensional Lineage Factor. However, that had recently changed with the eruption and formation of their family's Constellation.

However, according to their understanding of that man, he didn't work with others... ever. But would he be so callous toward his own son?

From what they knew, years ago, he had caused a commotion in order to save his wife's life. Could it be that woman had birthed him a child?