Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The eight corpses before him trembled. A shuddering might came from Leonel's mind, and he even deployed his Ten Stars. Day and Night fluctuated to his back, the rushing impact of a roaring wave of Dream Force descending.

His three Dream Force Stars began to rotate so fast that harsh winds threatened to flatten the entire city. It felt as though the world was coming to an end, and yet the young man at the center of it all was at the mere Sixth Dimension.

There was absolutely nothing that could have prepared the Human Domain for this. The death of eight Ancestors was already enough to shake them. Even after so long, they didn't quite believe what they were seeing. However, after a double take, and a triple take, they had no choice but to believe what it was they were seeing before them.

However, before they could even settle down to accept this sort of reality, these changes began to occur. What happened in the Heir Wars suddenly shook them all awake. It couldn't be... it couldn't be that he would take control of their souls as well?!

At that moment, the impossible seemed to have become the exact opposite. The shadows of eight Ancestors took shape, each armored in gorgeous violet armor.

One was a tiger beast, a menacing creature with teeth alternating between a dense black and a glowing, vibrant red. Its gaze flashed with endless killing intent, and when it lifted its large head to roar into the skies, the whole of the Void Battlefield seemed to be collapsing at the seams.

The second was a rhino-type beast. It had three horns, each larger than the last and aligned in a straight line up its nose. Its body shimmered with radiant silver scales, and even in death, it looked as though it could illuminate a night sky. As a soul, its radiant scales were mostly obscured, but this didn't dim its radiance at all. In fact, it only amplified it. The violet armor and silver scales seemed to have fused into one, acting in synergy with one another and feeding off the strengths of one another.

The third was a vulture. It was a grotesque, wrinkled creature from the neck up. And yes, from the neck down, its majestic bearing seemed as though it could compete with any creature in all of existence. Its individual black feathers looked like they had been crafted by the most elite of artisans, carefully and individually. In its soul form, much of its grotesque head was obscured by its violet armor, and much like the rhino, the armor accentuated its body, giving it an elegant bearing that it had never had in life.

These three were the three Ancestors of the Beast Domain. The Blood Tiger Ancestor, the Radiant Rhino, and the Majestic Vulture. However... they were just three of eight.

There still remained two of the Nomad Race, two of the Cloud Race, and one of the Rapax Race. They looked just like the others of their Races.

The Nomad Ancestor, Ancestor Naedi, was an older woman but carried a beauty even in her elder age. All six of her hands were fair, delicate, and dainty, and yet they carried a strength that caused the air around her to tremble. She was the strongest of the two.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Cloud Race Ancestor, Ancestor Olfina, was yet another woman. Her Cloud Figure was the largest Leonel had ever seen, extending out from the back of her head like a long, flowing river of hair, filled to the brim with complex Runes that would make even the strongest of Crafters dizzy. She was also the strongest of the two.

And finally, there was a Rapax Ancestor, Ancestor Xipex. He stood tall at almost three meters, his tail looked like his spine had continued out from its back, covered in a metallic, silver skeletal structure. He stood on his digitigrade feet, his pill-shaped head splitting to reveal a glistening row of transparent, drool-covered teeth.

Each and every one of these existences were legends of their races. But one after another, the instant they appeared, without even the slightest hesitation, they turned toward Leonel and bowed.

Ancestor Xipex, Olfina, and the other humanoids all dropped to their knees. The Radiant Rhino Ancestor and the Blood Tiger Ancestors lowered their heads until their foreheads touched the ground. The Majestic Vulture Ancestor prostrated itself to the ground, even allowing its chest to press down.

"Emperor!"

They all roared out in their various languages, the echo of their voices echoing like a clap of thunder. The reverence in their eyes couldn't have been any clearer.

Leonel waved a hand and the eight of them immediately vanished. However, it was soon clear that they hadn't truly disappeared. Rather, they had moved so fast that the tracking system lost track of them for a moment. This was inevitable, Leonel had commandeered the projection method of the Morales, and it was designed to follow Seventh Dimension existences; how could it keep up?

However, the one person who was easy to follow was Leonel. It was then that it was clear that Leonel had hopped into the cracking foundation of what remained of the teleportation platform, letting go of Aina's hand.

He raised his hands and pressed them together. His Dream Force Stars, which had calmed down, began to roar to life once again.

"[Emperor's Might]..."

"... [ASSIMILATE]!"