Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A raging torrent of energy fell like the collapse of a mountain. It was sudden and ferocious, barbaric and uncontrolled. It was as though Leonel had released this attack, venting out everything in his chest all at once.

The savage grin on his face practically rose from the depths of hell, an abyssal sort of unbridled darkness spilling over. The crimson within his irises threatened to spill over.

The balance was entirely broken. Hundreds of thousands of Cloud Race members died all at once, falling in droves. They didn't even understand how it was that they had died before it was too late, and never could any of them had thought that it would happen at the hands of a Sixth Dimensional expert.

Eighth Dimensional experts weren't supposed to make moves easily. This sort of change could lead to terrible losses on all sides. But what could be done if a Sixth Dimensional expert seemed to have suddenly gained the strength of an Eighth Dimensional one?

The Ancestors of the Cloud Race rushed out all at once, they seemed to be the only ones that could withstand such an attack without dying directly. Their faces were all contorted in shock and horror. Even for an Ancestor, causing this amount of damage wasn't a simple matter.

They wanted to lash out, but when they saw that the one that stood before them was actually Leonel, their hearts lurched. What was going on? How could a Sixth Dimensional expert have such strength? It didn't make any sense.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

However, there was no time to worry about such matters. They rushed forward, trying to target Leonel and kill him as swiftly as possible.

But just when they thought that they had succeeded, Leonel suddenly vanished.

The Nomad Race had no idea what had just happened. Just a moment ago, an Ancestor had appeared in the skies above the encampments they had formed. But the oddity was that this Ancestor wasn't a member of their race and was instead the Majestic Vulture Ancestor.

The Beast Domain Ancestor had never communicated which of their Ancestors had fallen, so the first assumption was that the beasts had something to communicate with them. The Nomad Ancestors appeared one after another, prepared to receive a message. But just when they had, the Majestic Vulture Ancestor vanished.

Before the Nomad Race could react, Leonel had appeared, but compared to the beast Ancestor, he wasn't even a tenth as large, his body vanishing and appearing above the city. A roar escaped his lips as he struck down with all his might.

BOOM!

He didn't have any regard for life. After luring the Ancestors out, the number remaining that could resist his strike plummeted. Whereas the Cloud Race had lost hundreds of thousands to his singular strike, the Nomad Race lost millions.

The devastation could only be described as carnage, the destruction leaving only blood, flesh and ruins behind.

The Nomad Race Ancestors were so stunned that they couldn't even react properly. What had just happened?

However, before they could do anything, Leonel had already vanished once again.

The Void Battlefield was an impossible large place. Even with the Starships, it took several minutes to hours to cross from one location to another. But the current Leonel treated it like a playpen. He skipped from location to location, leaving death in his wake. He toyed with the Invading Races as though they were nothing more than children before a wild beast.

In just a few hours, he had killed more than the total number that had fallen in several days all on his own. The gap between him and the rest of his generation seemed to only be growing wider and wider. In fact, it seemed that even those in elder generations couldn't hope to compare to him.

The Nomad Race, the Cloud Race, the Dwarven Race, and the Beast Races found themselves unable to retaliate. Eventually, they saw nothing but red.

There was only one way in their minds to deal with Leonel, and that was to unleash the devastation he had unleashed upon their Races against the Human Race. Since the rules of the Eighth Dimensional experts seemed to have been ignored, they would ignore them as well. They wanted to see what Leonel's face would look like whenever everything he had been protecting was razed to the ground.

Their fury rose up to their heads as they directly abandoned the Seventh Dimensional experts of their Races without a care, shooting toward the Second Line of Defense again with their greatest speed, each and every single one of them with nothing more than murder on their minds.

The only one that didn't seem to react like this was Ancestor Beros. Looking toward his dead clansmen, he felt heavy of heart, and he commanded a full retreat. He didn't know just how much he would appreciate this decision in the future.

...

Leonel suddenly appeared high in the skies of the second line, breathing heavily.

His body couldn't handle the influx of so much energy. He was using the materials that he had absorbed as a proxy, but even then he didn't want it to wear out too fast, so most of the energy he had taken control of was used externally, placing a great deal of pressure on his mind and draining his Dream Force at an extreme pace.

Even so, the brightness in his gaze didn't diminish in the slightest. He had already known that these invaders would react like this. They felt humiliated. A Sixth Dimension expert was leading them by the nose and forcing them to suffer losses they maybe never had in their entire lives.

However, Leonel didn't care about their feelings. All he cared about was making a point.

He suddenly flipped a palm, revealing the trembling body of his spear. All this time, in order to limit the amount of drain his mind experienced, he had only used the simplest attacks. If he tried to filter so much energy into his real skills, the formation would collapse within a few minutes, which was why he had only used his fists and palms.

But now... It was time to see just what he could do.