Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's spear dazzled the world but his body cracked apart just releasing it. The roars of rage and helplessness of several Ancestors echoed like a symphony to his ears.

The surge overwhelmed everything in its path, and it was only after seeing this that Leonel's body couldn't sustain itself, falling to the ground. He barely held himself up, leaning on his one leg and the butt of his spear as he looked forward.

He didn't even bother to use [Instant Recovery]. He knew that it was helpless against these kinds of injuries. The blows of Eighth Dimensional Ancestors weren't something that he could handle.

When the lights faded, the world fell into an endless shock. Dozens of Ancestors had come, but only three heavily injured ones remained.

The leader of the Nomad Race, Charnos. The leader of the Cloud Race, Lufiel. And the leader of the Beast Domain, the Cerebos Serpent.

They looked as though they were standing on their last legs, but the devastation on their faces when they saw the death around them was hard to put into words. It all felt like a dream, they had come with such momentum, only to end up like this? How was that even possible?

It was all him. It was all him.

No matter how much they thought that Leonel had relied on others before, they didn't feel that it made sense to continue on with these thoughts. If he wasn't at least a part of these matters, why would the Human Domain put such important power in his hands? If they had done this with an actual Ancestor, would even they be able to survive?

The worst part was that they realized they had all been lured here. From the very beginning, this was Leonel's goal. He wanted them to lose themselves to rage, to abandon their people and to come here in full force, and most importantly, together.

If they were scattered, it would have been much easier for them to escape and much fewer would have died. But because of their choice, Leonel was able to round them all up and slaughter them as though their lives were as worthless as canon fodder.

The image was something that the Human Domain would never forget.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The Cerebos Serpent roared into the skies, its fury causing its scales to lift up and retreat again and again as though its body itself was inhaling and exhaling. It wanted to shred Leonel to pieces, and when it saw that Leonel could hardly hold himself anymore, it couldn't hold back any longer.

Leonel took deep, heaving breaths. That battle had only lasted for a short moment, but it was the most intense one he had ever been a part of. With the speed of Ancestors, seven minutes was the equivalent to days to lower level Dimensional beings, the amount of exchanges was too many to count.

When he saw that the Cerebos Serpent was going to attack him, he chuckled. He really didn't have anything left. That said...

BANG!

The Cerebos Serpent was sent flying. Before Leonel, a gorgeous woman with flowing golden hair had appeared, her expression livid.

Her son had been just fine when he entered the bubble of darkness, but when he came out he had practically been half dead. The moment she saw this, Alienor couldn't see anything else but red.

She had wanted to interfere earlier, but this son of hers was an enigma. She didn't want to disrupt his plans, but she hadn't expected him to be so absolutely reckless.

She threw out three more palms in quick succession. The three heads of the Cerebos Serpent burst with a rain of blood and flesh. Its body was thrown back even further, but it was actually buried into the ground at the same time, causing it to remain much closer to Alienor than it should have.

Maybe in its peak state, the Cerebos Serpent wouldn't be left in such a sorry state. However, after withstanding that attack from Leonel, it had already been on its last legs. Against an enraged Alienor, it seemed that it could do nothing at all.

Seeing this scene, without hesitation, the Nomad Race and Cloud Race Ancestors rushed off into the distance. But they couldn't even make it far before Alienor appeared before them, striking around twice.

Alienor had hardly finished her attack when her pupils constricted.

Without hesitation, she clapped her hands together, a large bubble of green instantly forming around her.

BANG!

An attack came from seemingly nowhere and crashed against the barrier, shattering it into pieces.

Leonel's expression changed, but his heart settled down immediately as his mother appeared by his side.

Before Leonel could understand what had happened, a blazing aura suddenly pierced the skies. To his astonishment, the cloudy greyness of the Void Battlefield that had never once dispersed was split, revealing an endless dark abyss above as this aura continued to grow.

"Who the fuck dares to attack my wife?!"

A beam of light pierced through the skies, the very fabric of the Void Battlefield tearing in two as though reality itself was being split.

The beam disappeared into the distance and there was suddenly nothing but silence.

Alienor frowned, placing a hand on Leonel's shoulder. A green bubble formed around Leonel and all of the Eighth Dimensional Force he couldn't handle was expelled.

'[Instant Recovery].'

As Leonel recovered, he tilted his head into the skies and watched as his father appeared. Velasco was completely enraged, every step he took shattered the ground beneath him despite the fact he had to be several kilometers in the air.

He grasped out, the folds of reality that were quickly repairing themselves suddenly shattering again.

All at once, countless figures that had been hiding seemed to have been ejected from their hiding places. Even if they were countless kilometers away, they were all brought forward.

These were individuals that Leonel couldn't recognize in the slightest... Most of them, anyway. But there were two that caused his eyes to narrow.

The first was a lovely woman protected to the back of an expert that must have stood at at least four meters tall. She was a woman he had only met once before, but the impression she had left was deep.

Anya.

The second was a man that should have long since been dead, however he had had his own thoughts about this matter. When he had taken out Monkey from the snowglobe and he had immediately died, he realized that someone must have interfered.

If they could interfere to kill Monkey, they could definitely interfere to save someone with a soul as powerful as this man's.

He was none other than the Savant of Earth, the so-called "Lionel Morales".

However, Leonel's father didn't seem to care to see any of them. Even Eighth Dimensional experts were beneath his notice, let alone Seventh Dimensional existences like Anya.

This number of experts was even greater than the number that had appeared across all the invaders. These people could only be of one group... The Scholars of the Three Finger Cult.

But once again, Velasco didn't seem to notice at all. His hand continued to grasp at the air and one of the Scholars was ripped forward out of his own control. He was sucked into Velasco's palm and crumbled to pieces before even making contact.

Velasco only now seemed to notice that there were others around him, the sneer that hung from his lips showed disdain for the very world itself.

"Sending this sort of trash to face me? Even my Seed just killed over 50 of you, what do you think I can do to you?"

-----

Erdiul's Note: Lmao, Velasco is the goat.