Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel looked forward. He didn't seem to notice the appearance of the other Emperors because his eyes were still on the Spirituals Emperor.

He slowly stood from the ground. It even looked like he had simply descended all by himself, his legs hardly bending when he hit the ground.

He stepped out from the crater, rising into the air once again. The dust that fell around him couldn't seem to reach his body at all.

This man was, indeed, the Emperor of the Spirituals, Emperor Ridryn. This wasn't a man who had been seen by his own people in hundreds of years. And yet, oddly enough, he had appeared here, and maybe even more odd than that, Leonel's father had recognized him in a single glance.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

'Was this about dad the entire time?' Leonel thought to himself.

These people had begun to attack the Human Domain immediately. But if that was their goal, why did they wait so long to appear? Why was it that it took Leonel killing so many for this to come to fruition? This might have still been acceptable, after all, maybe they were biding their time and waiting for the right moment to expose their true strength. But then why did none of them pay much attention to Leonel?

Someone else might answer that Leonel was too insignificant, but would Leonel think about himself that way? Also, could someone insignificant kill more Ancestors in a day than the number that had fallen for centuries?

Leonel pinched his forehead harder.

He felt like his thoughts were meandering, like he was constantly thinking about worthless, meaningless things. Somehow his mind both felt sharper than it ever had, and slower, as though it was something other than his intelligence that was impeding the flow of his thoughts.

'Dammit!'

Leonel's aura fluctuated wildly. He was getting more and more frustrated, but he didn't know where this frustration was coming from.

Only Alienor and Aina seemed to realize that there was something wrong with Leonel. Well, there was one other person... a particular white-haired beauty that stood high in the skies with a careful and gentle smile on her face.

'You are indeed dangerous,' Anya thought to herself.

She had asked herself a question long ago. If you knew what someone would become, the kind of heartache and carnage they would cause, should you kill them while they were still in their cradle? Would that make you a moral person? Or would that make you more evil than the person you were trying to put a stop to?

She still didn't know the answer to that question, but seeing Leonel now, she felt that maybe she wouldn't have to answer it. After all, that dangerous bloodlust would be picked up by her from worlds away.

"Hoho," Velasco chuckled. "Personally, I would be embarrassed if I were you. But this is still not enough. How about you all stop playing around and get serious?"

The Emperor of the Nomads, Keafir. The Empress of the Cloud Race, Venxina. The Emperor of the Spirituals, Ridryn. The Emperor of the Beast Domain... Abyss. Even the Emperor of the Rapax was present... Uh'Cerax. It seemed that the weight of their little prince's words might be enough to sway the lower reaches of the Rapax, but those at the very top still acted as they pleased.

However, Velasco was most definitely correct. This wasn't everything.

At that moment, in the skies, four colored bridges appeared, arcing through the air in a fine mist that made them look like rainbows. One was blue, one was green, one was yellow, and the final was red.

When these bridges faded away, slowly but surely, four figures appeared. This time, Velasco didn't recognize them at all. But he knew exactly where they had come from.

Blue-haired and blue eyes. Green hair and green eyes. Golden hair and golden eyes. Red hair and red eyes.

These could only be one group of people. They were none other than the Four Great Families. The Adurna family in blue robes, the Crudus family in green, the Laevis family in gold, and finally... The Brazinger family in red.

When they appeared, it was as though they were above the world itself.

Leonel's head felt as though it was splitting into two. No matter how hard he tried to use his healing, even resorting to Dream Sense to split the pain he was experiencing several times, it wouldn't vanish. There was one explanation he could think of, and that was that these symptoms were purely psychosomatic. It didn't matter how many times he split the pain because his brain would always make him feel it to the same level.

That woman in red, the one with flaming crimson hair and a pair of ruby eyes that looked like rubies carved from the gems of hell itself, he subconsciously knew her name. Or rather, he subconsciously knew her title.

This was a name that Simeon had spoken before while his soul was under Leonel's control. This was the woman who was responsible for the cruelty of Aina's mother's death.

Imperatress Anselma.