Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had no reason to draw this conclusion, and yet he felt that it was the obvious answer. Nothing that he thought of could shake this belief.

The more agitated Leonel became, the more the burning sensation in his kidneys grew, but he didn't even seem to understand until something suddenly clicked.

Four auras flourished and Leonel's expression changed. 'Ninth Dimension!'

He didn't know why he knew this. He couldn't even differentiate the strengths of Ancestors yet and could only make vague guesses based on the varied pressures they put on him. But right now, he couldn't have been more certain.

Those four men and women that had appeared, each and every one of them was an existence that surpassed the Eighth Dimension.

However, almost the moment they appeared, that flourishing aura suddenly collided with something. Their faces paled somewhat as foggy chains latched onto their bodies, wrapping around their arms, legs, and necks.

Still, they had come prepared. Their skin began to glow with various colored runes, these runes matching the colors of their hair and eyes. When these runes solidified, the constricting effect of the black chains that seemed to have been formed of concentrated Anarchic Force weakened and slowed, though it did not disappear in the slightest.

Not many understood what they were seeing. They simply felt that these four were the most powerful Eighth Dimensional existences that they had ever seen. They stood on a level all to their own. But as though this wasn't enough, the skies suddenly shook once more.

Another bridge appeared, but this time, it was a blinding silver, and more shockingly than that, it wasn't Leonel who understood what was going on first, but it was rather Aina's expression that changed first. That was because she was intimately familiar with this aura, it was the very aura she had sensed after she entered the Silver Empire's Zone, the very same aura that was in line with the inheritance she had received.

In the skies, a man donning radiant silver armor stood. The armor was constructed of so many pieces that it looked more like an elaborate work of art than anything else. This man's aura... was no weaker than the four of the Great Families, but what was different this time was that...

The chains didn't appear!

Leonel's pupils constricted. What did this mean? What was going on?

He had learned from Simeon that the people entering through the Ascension Empire form the Four Great Families were very restricted. Even Little Nana, who was only a great genius of the Seventh Dimension, couldn't use her full strength, let alone these four.

So why was this man fine? The Silver Emperor? Leonel was certain that he should have been from the "true" world too, so why was he just fine?! And wasn't he dead?! How was he here?!

That was when he saw it. The gaze of the Silver Emperor was entirely vacant. It didn't carry any emotion, any light... any life.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

'A puppet?'

Leonel shuddered. He seemed to catch a glimpse of how others felt when they saw his Lineage Factor. There was something about that vacant abyss that shook him to his very core.

At that moment, Velasco was grinning ear to ear.

"Good, good. This is more like it."

His black hair fluttered in the air. He seemed to grow to twice his original size despite the fact his body was most definitely the very same. It was like his aura itself simply demanded more space.

It had been a very long time since he had faced any sort of challenge. His sights were impossibly far beyond these words, he couldn't even talk about these matters with his wife and son.

"... But, this is still not enough," Velasco growled, his irises turning red. "If the man who dared to lay a hand my father doesn't appear, I will just kill you one by one until he does."

"Arrogant!" Imperatress Anselma's sharp voice echoed. "Do you believe you would even have the right to stand before me if not for the restrictions of this world?! Die!"

She struck out with a palm.

The entire world seemed to lose its color. In the blink of an eye, a formless energy wrapped in a translucent fog appeared before Velasco. Leonel couldn't even track it properly, even his senses seemed to have been distorted by it.

BANG!

Velasco's body disappeared beneath the raging torrent of Force.

Anselma snorted. She wasn't happy to have to come here just for the scum of this world, to have such a lowly being actually speak to her was even more unacceptable. If this matter could end so simply, that would be even better. She felt uncomfortable all over.

However, at that moment, the volatile Force cleared and Velasco appeared. He seemed unscathed, his robes fluttering in the air, and his gaze as bright as torches. At that moment, his eyes seemed to carry far more of a golden color than bronze.

Without a word, he suddenly punched out. He felt that the time for talking was over. Right now... he was nothing more than an enraged son.

His fist landed on Anselma's chest before she could react. Her body curved and shot out like a speeding bullet.

Velasco took a step forward, ready to pursue, but before he could, a blinding silver light descended. Velasco responded with a punch.

The skies split, a vast cavern of darkness taking shape.

Velasco and the Silver Emperor stood both close and worlds apart, neither taking even back, the gap between their fists enveloped by a black hole that could shred a solar system to pieces.

The Emperors and the Four Great Families' experts acted at once, all of them surrounding Velasco.

Leonel was suddenly agitated and he took a step forward. His mother stopped him before he could even move very far, but before she could say anything to comfort him, several auras locked onto them.

Too many of the Scholars still remained, and aside from them, Anya and Lionel seemed to be focused entirely on Leonel.

The situation had flipped on its head.