Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Velasco's grin didn't fade.

The Rapax Emperor's blade had severed quite a number of Nodal Pathways. He could still deal with it when he was only attacking once, exhibiting a level of control others couldn't even begin to fathom. But it seemed that two streams were beyond his limit at the moment.

His spear and palm halted for just a moment before they blasted forward again, but the timing was already off. His spear wasn't fast enough to repel the Silver Emperor completely, and his palm wasn't fast enough to disrupt the casting of the Spirituals Emperor.

Ridryn couldn't dodge the palm strike, but he had already sent his attack forward. His tattered golden robes fluttered and solidified, bracing for impact. But even so, he was sent flying into the distance with an even greater speed than his attacks had come.

The Silver Emperor's head shattered completely under Velasco's spear, but his fist energy was now too close for Velasco to dodge.

A hole was blasted through Velasco's chest, causing his body to shudder. His spear tip trembled uncontrollably before his wrist flexed and he stabilized it. His grin subsided somewhat, his mouth parting so that he could gasp for air with what parts remained of his lungs.

Right then, the blades of the Spirituals Emperor descended, peppering his body through as though it wouldn't leave a single inch unscathed.

The Four Great Family experts stood in the far off distance. Although there was only a line of blood trickling down the corner of their lips, only they knew how truly ravaged their inner organs were. The only reason they only looked somewhat harmed was because their pride didn't allow them to show anything more. Maybe in a superficial sort of way, they were similar to Velasco in that regard. Except for the fact that Velasco would never rely on numbers like this.

"This is a worthless waste of our time, those fools died because they're too stupid," the Ninth Dimensional Expert of the Laevis family said. "The moment the Regulator's Chains fell without protection he was destined to die. The only difference is whether it'll be in a few seconds or a few minutes."

The gazes of the other three flickered, but they didn't speak. They knew that this was true as well. Without the Runes they had relied on, it was impossible to survive. Those chains weren't a suppression, they were a death sentence, an execution.

The fact that Velasco was still standing at all was enough to shock them into silence. They had been stunned enough that they hadn't even dared to move.

But the reason they didn't leave was also due to pride. They wanted to take this man who had humiliated them down with their own hands.

Seeing him standing there, his spear tip no longer able to remain steady, a hole in his chest, his gaze lowered and dark, they felt that this was the most perfect opportunity they could ever have. And yet, none of them dared to move.

Imperatress Anselma didn't dare to move either, but she was so agitated the veins bulged across her forehead. She wasn't a patient person and had never been humiliated like this in her life, how could she take such a thing lying down?

Suddenly, she remembered something.

Her gaze shifted and landed on Leonel who was standing in a complete daze. His eyes were blank, his body so relaxed it looked like it could collapse at any time, he truly looked as though he was in the greatest state of shock he had ever experienced.

'Son?' Anselma's gaze turned sinister.

She raised a palm. "Dead man, before you go. Take a nice look as your son dies."

Anselma had already struck as she spoke. She wanted to see Velasco's despair, but she also didn't dare to stay even a moment longer. She, along with the other three, all activated their own treasures, their bodies already beginning to fade by the time her words had echoed out.

"Both father and son will die together, what a fairy tale."

Anselma's disdainful words echoed through the skies as she finally vanished.

Velasco looked up, his gaze bloodshot. This time, it wasn't due to the pouring blood of his body, but rather because he had truly reached the end of his limits, but he had yet to do everything he needed to. There were still far too many Scholars still left alive, and now his son was in harm's way.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"So long as I breathe..." Velasco said lightly. "... There is no one that can stop my spear."

Velasco raised his spear once again, the trembling tip becoming as straight as a javelin, as steady as a mountain, as undeniable and eternal as the starry skies themselves.

He spoke the words with a steady voice.

In his life, he had always taken his own path. He had disregarded much of the Morales' teachings and built his own. He had ignored the ways of the Void Palace and set out to see the world at his own pace. He had ventured across the Dimensional Verse and unearthed the secret of worlds. His blade was unmatched and his legend unblemished. The only shame was that he had been born in the wrong place.

Even when it came to his spear, he had refused to take on his own father's teaching. But it was unironic, in these last moments, when he spoke those words, he felt the spirit of his own father. That beautiful sort of harmony of words, a symphony of syllables that caused the world to tremble one final time.

So long as I breathe...

... There is no one that can stop my spear.

Velasco thrust out his spear once more, his Absolute Domain expanding to the point it seemed to encompass the whole of the Dimensional Verse. Everyone, no matter who they were, felt the boundless vastness of Velasco's heart.

It was imprinted into every soul. That unbridled arrogance, the confidence to stand atop of the world and to look down on everything, and most importantly... That fiery, undying will to protect his son.

It wasn't just his spear that transferred through space this time, but even his body.

His tall back appeared before his son as he thrust his spear one final time.

His voice, spoken several minutes ago, echoed through time as well, filling Leonel's ears.

Son... Watch closely.