Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's roar was akin to nothing that had ever been heard before. The pain and devastation were undeniable, but it was more than just that; it was a fury toward everything, a fury that burned within the deepest reaches of his very being, a fury that wanted to destroy everything in his path.

A violent wave of Dream Force spread out in all directions. It was a wave the likes of which should have only been able to be produced by a universe, a wave so large and all-encompassing that it was entirely inescapable.

That was the most shocking part of it all. The Void Battlefield wasn't destroyed under some mysterious strength, nor was it some physical force; it was destroyed for no other reason than Leonel's will descending down, wanting to see everything in his path destroyed to the greatest degree.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The Void Palace crumbled to the ground, the surrounding solar systems and galaxies quaked, even the Anarchic Force before Leonel, the arbitrator of destruction, the Force of the strongest beast of devastation to ever exist, crumbled to ashes.

Leonel's twin pair of Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes erupted with a blinding light, tearing a pair of holes through Leonel's body and forming two burning flames on either side of his hip. Cracks began to appear in his skin, jagged and grotesque, and colored in red and gold.

It looked as though a virus was taking root in his body, but Leonel himself only seemed to continue to roar into the air.

At that moment, within the deepest depths of his mind, a figure sunken into a lake of blood was collapsed face first within without even the smallest sign of movement. The chains that had bound him had already long since shattered, but this didn't seem to have been enough to stir him awake. Right then, though, his finger twitched.

The Dream Force erupting from Leonel doubled.

The figure stirred once again.

The Dream Force erupting from Leonel doubled once more.

It was impossible to measure just how large the difference was getting. Leonel had already somehow awakened his Dream Force to a level that surpassed a Savant despite not being a Savant himself. But now, it seemed to be that he was pushing even further beyond those bounds, his limits impossible to see.

The stronger his Dream Force grew, the more violent the destruction around him became. Even the Scholars were forced to rapidly retreat, the shock on their faces evident. They hadn't moved initially just to make certain that Velasco was dead, but the moment they had the intention to do so, it looked as though Leonel had completely lost his mind.

They looked down at the battlefield before them, their minds shaken.

The Void Battlefield was the strongest land in all of existence. It withstood the wear and tear of Anarchic Force for countless years. While it was possible for them as Ancestors to cause sweeping damages to it, that was still greatly limited by both breadth and depth.

However, right this moment, they could see through to the end of the Void Battlefield entirely. Leonel hadn't just shattered a top layer; he had shattered the entire thing.

Leonel's body continued to warp and change. The more the figure stirred, the more furious his roar became.

The images projected to the rest of the Human Domain simply couldn't hold up. They only had time to see Leonel's head tilt up into the skies and for a howl the likes of which they had never experienced before to suddenly bellow forth before the images crumbled completely.

Their only conclusion was that this destruction had to do something with Leonel, but they had no way to confirm this, and their greater logic told them that this simply didn't make any sense at all.

Leonel, however, wasn't in a state to care about the thoughts and feelings of others. The more the figure in the pool of blood stirred, the more violent his thoughts became.

His body grew a size, and then another, until he was eventually over three meters tall.

Horns that seemed as red as blood in one light, and as dark as night in another, grew from his forehead, piercing toward the skies above. His skin, cracked by violent streaks of Scarlet Star Force that looked like the tracks of molten rock, began to be covered in scales of alternating red and violet.

If it wasn't for the fury on his face, it might even be possible to say that he was a truly beautiful creature. Every line of his scales was clearly defined, carved of the most gorgeous of gems, and carrying the reflection of the world within. The pulsing veins of Scarlet Star Force that flew through them only made them look more exotic and accentuated their beauty all the more.

His hair had grown into a flowing river of twinkling violet-red light, seeming to have neither shape nor form. It looked as though he had stepped out from a dream.

But Leonel didn't want beauty.

He wanted death.

He wanted destruction.

Leonel's body vanished, his howl lingering in the air without the slightest hint of disappearing.

The Scholars felt their hearts jump into their throat, but it was already much too late.

They didn't even realize when Leonel had appeared before them. It was as though he had always been there, as though he had twisted reality to make it so. He didn't need to move; he just needed to change reality into what he saw fit, and it would be.

His claw swung out in a slapping motion and caught the jaw of a Scholar that tried to dodge. The strength behind his swipe was so fierce and all-pervading that the Scholar's head twisted on his neck, not stopping until it had completed three revolutions.

By the time he had fallen to the ground, dead, Leonel had already appeared before four more Scholars, killing them all as though he was shredding trash apart.

"DIE! DIE! DIE!"

For every word he spoke, yet another planet in the far-off distance would crumble to ashes.