Leonel lowered his leg once again and looked toward his uncle. He didn't say anything for a long while, and neither did Montez. It was completely silent, the scent of blood raising through the air as the countless corpses continued to bleed out.

"I can give you another chance to come up with a better lie," Leonel said lightly.

Montez's lip twitched, but he didn't know what to say. He knew nothing about Aina's ability. In fact, the last time he had seen Aina was the last time he had seen Leonel. He had never actually been to Earth before, and when he first met Leonel, it had been nothing more than a projection. As such, when would he have even had a chance to see Aina recently at all, let alone know before Leonel that she was pregnant?

Montez had been around the battlefield when everything happened. He felt that Velasco was too arrogant, arrogant even to the point of disrespecting their own father by refusing to take on his legacy when he was clearly so much better suited for it than Montez himself. But how could Montez not understand the inner turmoil within Velasco? There was a point in the latter's life where he didn't care about anything other than gaining his father's approval.

The truth was that despite the love that Montez and Velasco had for their own father, he hadn't been the best parent. The loss of their mother had led Ishmael down a road that seemed to have no reward at all, and though he never directly took it out on his two boys, he drifted away and apart from them until the day they received news of their death.

Montez and Velasco reacted very differently to this news. Back then, Montez had only been in the Sixth Dimension. His progress was so much more similar to the Cataclysm Generation than it was to his genius of an elder brother. He couldn't do anything but lash out and rage within the confines of his own home.

Velasco, however, had strength, true strength. He left without saying a word and began to rampage, shedding blood all across the Human Domain. It was much different than what Leonel was doing now, but the difference was that Velasco had grown up within a power clan, he understood the inner workings and politics much more intimately than Leonel did. As such, he was far more interested in making those traitorous bastards die.

The reality was that the only reason the Void Palace had survived to this point was because Velasco had already killed all those he had evidence for. He had gathered much more evidence in recent years, but he never took action because he had a bigger target in mind, the real mastermind, the man who called himself King.

That event and the things that occurred afterward caused Montez to build up a lot of resentment. He felt that he was too useless, too small and insignificant in the face of his brother. He felt that as a son he should have had a part in revenge for his father, but he never got the chance, and he took that failure out on both himself and his brother... Even with his wife, he couldn't even bring himself to give her a child, that sort of trauma carrying forward and suffocating him.

But watching his elder brother die the way he had had broken him. Not only had he lost the man who likely understood him more than anyone else, he had once again been far too weak to even participate and could only stand there and watch. Even afterward, he was too weak to stop his own nephew. He had only barely managed to catch up because Leonel had spent so much time slaughtering. And even now, he couldn't seem to come up with a good reason.

Montez took a deep breath, closing his eyes as he exhaled. He regained his calm slowly and opened his eyes.

"Your father wanted me to give you something, please come with me. Show me some respect as your uncle."

Leonel remained silent. He looked off into the distance. He had enough time to slaughter the Dimensional Verse to his heart's content, but if he returned to the Human Domain now, this form would definitely vanish, and he would fall into a state of dormancy again.

The moment he awakened this form, he remembered what had happened that day in the Void Tower. He had entered this state back then, but he had completely forgotten it. This wasn't because something had happened to him, but rather because his mind's capacity in this state was far too vast.

If his mind out of his state was a grain of sand, the current him was an entire beach. Just a single second of thought was more than what he had pondered upon his entire life in his other form. As such, when he reverted back, his mind didn't have enough space for all of that information, so it was completely forgotten by him.

His best understanding was that this was some sort of latent, hidden Lineage Factor within himself that he couldn't fully access. He didn't feel that this was just the nature of the Lineage Factor. Rather, he felt that someone had messed with his body, causing it to be like this.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

His first thought was his father. After all, that time he passed out in the Rapax Nest, Aina had told him that his father had done something to his body. But... he wasn't so sure, and after seeing his uncle in this state, he realized that his skepticism was correct.

Leonel raised a hand, and his uncle's body suddenly flew toward him. Montez's expression changed, but it was already too late. Leonel's claws ripped through his chest, tearing by his Divine Armor as though it wasn't there at all, and piercing his heart from five locations all at once, squeezing down without mercy.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.