Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The strength in Leonel's body seemed to reach another level, but his reaction was quite benign; he didn't seem to care very much at all. To him, this wasn't very impressive at all, in his current state whether his Northern Star Lineage Factor was Seventh or Eighth Dimensional didn't make much of a difference. It would only make a difference if he had the golden tablets for both.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

In reality, just the fact he had the Death Pulse Deer's blood running through him right now was even more impressive because of one simple fact: he had never seen the Dark Side Silver Tablet before. He had instead given it up the chance to Aina who had gained the Blood Sovereign Tablet.

So how did he have the Death Pulse Deer Bloodline now? The answer was quite simple: Anya.

After he had lost himself to rage, Anya's souls had been shattered. She was completely unable to withstand that kind of force, and he didn't care to save her either. However, all of his souls had an undying character. They wouldn't die unless he wanted them to, but that was reliant on his stamina and his intention.

After Anya had "died," he vanished. The kernel of her soul, or the root that could be used to allow her to resurrect was with him, he just hadn't made any attempt to deal with it. However, just now, he had used Assimilate on it, and then, he had used Breathe, the third and final monstrous ability of the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor.

Assimilate allowed one to fuse a soul construct with an external item, or fuse a soul into oneself to gain its abilities. Either one worked, though the second had far more restrictions under normal circumstances. However, Breathe was very different.

With Breathe, someone could take a soul, sacrifice an item, and give it life again. This life, however, was very different from the normal as this soul would remain highly loyal. This was akin to gaining a death sworn by one's side, and the most important part was that they were far more permanent than the original 24-hour period that limited Arise. Although, the more powerful the soul, the more powerful the sacrifice required.

However, there was a second method of using Breathe, and that was similar to the second method of using Assimilate. By using Assimilate and Breathe in unison, Leonel was able to sacrifice a portion of himself in order to give himself the permanence of Anya's ability. In the end, he had chosen to sacrifice the Aurora Panda Bloodline within him.

Of course, there was a very important issue here. How could he sacrifice an inferior Bloodline in order to gain a much stronger one?

And that was where the genius of the current Leonel came into play.

The potential of the Death Pulse Deer was already within Leonel's body, what was missing was the catalyst. Normally, that catalyst was the comprehension and use of the silver tablet, but with Anya's soul, he didn't need to. He just needed to catch a small spark of the Death Pulse Deer Lineage Factor. Once he did, he could catalyze the Northern Star Lineage Factor within his body to force it into being.

The short of it was that his Aurora Panda Bloodline indeed wasn't enough, but what it was enough for was causing a small fuse to be lit, and before this fuse burnt out, Leonel stimulated it with the rest of his Bloodline, forcing it into being.

This matter was explained quite simply, but if this was explained to others, the amount of awe they would experience wouldn't be small in the slightest. Leonel had essentially casually figured out a workaround for the need of the tablets.

It had to be understood that these tablets weren't just existences used to bestow power, they were also used as a means of control. You weren't meant to be able to access the next unless you were of a certain standard. Without reaching this standard, you would never be able to touch upon this level in your entire life. This was what the Umbra family had experienced until Leonel gave them the Bronze Tablet of the Dark Side Northern Star Lineage Factor.

And yet, in just a brief few seconds, Leonel had already figured out a method to circumvent this without even the slightest of effort. He had just broken a code that had left countless generations helpless with little trouble at all. And yet... he didn't seem like he was done.

The three-headed panda construct that had once been so strong for Leonel had already begun to fall by the wayside. This was the reason he was using it less and less recently. The self-created techniques that he had formed and that paired with it so well were too casually constructed.

His Lotus Domain, for example, was created off the back of a low-level research paper from the Void Library that the current Leonel felt was nothing more than trash. Its construction was shoddy and it didn't have staying power at higher Dimensional levels.

He could do much better. Whether it was the Golden Tiger or the Death Pulse Deer, they both had exceptional combat prowess. Leonel had already taken this into account when he had created the blueprints for his Divine Armors; they would take great advantage of this. But in order for it to work, he had to fuse the two first.

His body began to change and he grew even taller. His scales vanished beneath strong tufts of white fur, his eyes becoming a sparkling golden color, his horns becoming even more prominent and powerful, shimmering with a black luster.

The Death Pulse Deer controlled Death Force, the Golden Tiger, however, controlled Golden Force. It was a very special variant earth-type Force known for its astounding offensive power.

Golden Force was constructed of Variant Earth Force, Spatial Force, Star Force, and Light Force. It was considered to be the Force with the greatest piercing power in all of existence, aside from weapon Forces mastered to an extreme.

Death Force, of course, spoke for itself. Now, Leonel had fused the two halves into a perfect whole.

His eyes regained their focus, and he looked back down toward his Uncle, who was still in an agitated state. He grabbed his shoulder.

"Let's go."