Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The answer was quite simple. When those spears began their life, they had no intention of becoming the weapon of Sovereigns. It was only after a long journey, and a life by their side, that they evolved and entered the state they were in. However, most normal spearmen probably couldn't even notice how special they were, even Leonel couldn't grasp it... until now.

Holding his forged spear in one hand, Leonel extended his other, and a wooden spear appeared.

Leonel remembered this stinger-like spear quite intimately. It was the second ever spear he had gotten from the Spear Domain Ring, the first having been destroyed due to his carelessness. Usually, the Spear Domain Ring could repair damaged Spears, but this was only up to a point, a point his first spear had passed, unfortunately.

This spear, however, was owned by a female spear master. She was quite crafty in her bearing and the way she used a spear was light and agile, quick and sharp. She had taught Leonel a lot about cautiousness and precision in battle, not to mention cleverness. Without even noticing, she was probably a large reason why Leonel's battle style had become the way it was, even aside from the state of his Ability Index.

It was one of the spears he was most familiar with, intimately so. And yet, in his hands right now, it felt completely different. It had soul, it had heart.

He casually pierced outward, and the spear seemed to sing.

Leonel stood in silence for a very long time. That feeling, he had seen it before. His father's last spear strike...

It was much weaker, by an impossibly wide margin, but he was certain that they shared the same roots. At the same time, his Spear Force, which had been at the Third Layer, transcended to the Fourth, faintly touching upon the next level.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

That spear strike that had taken him 333 strokes to complete could now be executed casually by him. If he executed his Spear Dance, he might be able to take a half-step into the Impetus State, a level of strength that was practically an infinite distance from the Fourth Layered State.

It had to be remembered that the Impetus State was the requirement for entering the Ninth Dimension, and now Leonel was just a step away. However... He had no plans on relying on this, that was because he had no intention of suppressing his Spear Force. Once he entered the Seventh Dimension, he would allow it to smoothly enter the Seventh Dimension as well, and as a result, his Spear Force would fall back from the Fourth Layered State to the Third Layered State.

Even so, the feeling of the Fourth Layered State in his hands right now made him feel invincible. The power to use such strength so casually made him feel like a completely new person. With this kind of strength, defeating Amery, or at least the Amery he had last battled, would be a matter of a single stroke of his blade.

Even if he entered the Seventh Dimension, he wouldn't suddenly weaken, he would probably actually become a slight margin strong. After all, the gap between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions would make up for the gap between the Third and Fourth Layered State.

Leonel slowly put the stinger spear away and gripped his self-created spear.

It was truly beautiful and it radiated a unique aura. It felt better in his hands than any spear he had ever touched, as though it was created for him... and that it was.

It sparked with what looked like muted lightning, its shaft filled out with hexagonal scales that shimmered with a golden light between their bodies. Its blade had a dark gold body and its sharp edge was like a radiant black light, even looking somewhat purple and ethereal.

The next progressions of the spear looked similar. The only real difference was that the Fifth Dimensional one was three meters long and far more flexible, similar to a wind spear he had used in the past. As for the Sixth Dimensional one, it was four meters long and had twin heads.

Now that Leonel had succeeded with one, he was far more confident that he would succeed with the others.

He closed his hands tight and the blade disappeared into his body, a shuddering strength shooting within him as the fusion process completed. He had never experienced this before when fusing, or rather, the effect was always minimal. But this time, it felt as though everything had changed.

Without much more thought, he began to work on the others, moving swiftly as though he didn't have time to lose, and he truly didn't.

Every time he thought about his father's final moments, the fire within him burned fiercer and fiercer. He wanted to destroy everything, to watch the world burn. That fire spurred him on, and he worked faster and faster.

In just a day, he had finished all of his armors. To his surprise, no one had come to bother him, but he also didn't mind. He preferred it this way. He didn't want to socialize, to speak to others; it would only delay his revenge.

After he was finished, he entered a pod even though he didn't absolutely need to. He had rather done it because he knew exactly what kind of workload was facing him.

Once he finished modifying the Starship, he would start making plans to return to the Morales family. But the kind of return they expected was most definitely not the one he would give them. However, before he even thought about that, he would most definitely enter the Seventh Dimension.

Of all the kernels that his enlightened self had left for him, this was probably one of the more important. If he had to find a key to enter the Dimensional Cleanse Trial World, and then wait for the other keys to be found and everyone to be ready to enter, who knew how much time would pass?

Luckily, his enlightened self had left behind enough of the deductions he would need.

Once he entered the Seventh Dimension, he would return to the Morales as Patriarch Leonel.