Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

From the east, a towering figure leapt over several buildings, landing heavily on the ground. Cracks spread along the cobbled roads, but the figure didn't seem to notice as he bent his knees and launched himself into the air once again, bounding across hundreds of meters with every leap.

From the west, a willowy figure fluttered through the air like a leaf. They swayed in the skies, making it seem like they just might fall from grace at any moment. Yet, they managed to keep a steady pace, heading toward their destination with a purpose in the deep oceans of their eyes.

BANG!

The first figure landed heavily before the group of youths, causing the ground to quake. From their vantage point, he seemed so tall that he blotted out even the sun, casting a shadow over them all.

He wore silver armor accented with outlines and embroidery of red. It make him look like a raging flame even when he stood completely still.

He stood at almost seven feet tall. His jaw seemed sharp enough to cut grass and his eyes held a cold, murderous will within them that made those who got too close tremble uncontrollably.

The second figure fluttered to the ground slowly. It felt like even if there were fields of grass beneath his feet, they wouldn't even bend beneath his weight.

He wore deep maroon robes. His long hair rested against the small of his back, not a bit shorter than his long beard. Not only did they share the same obscene length, but they also shared the same snow white color to the point it was almost difficult to look at the man directly.

"Sir Lamorak!"

"Magus Aliard!"

Jalin and Elys came to grinding halt. It was obvious at a glance that they had called these two here, hoping to catch each other off guard. But, obviously, since they had both appeared, it seemed that neither had gained the upper hand once again. As such, even while they were greeting their superiors, they still sent sidelong glares toward one another.

Aliard smiled amiably, stroking his long beard. Compared to Lamorak, he was definitely several levels more approachable.

However, those of the crowd nearly had a heart attack when they heard such titles.

Magus Aliard? He was a Three Star Magus and one of the 7 most powerful mages of Camelot!

Sir Lamorak?… He was one of King Arthur's 12 knights!

Leonel didn't know who Magus Aliard was. But, he had read enough fairy tales to know who Sir Lamorak was. At this point, even he felt that this situation was getting a bit out of control. He hadn't expected things to go this way at all.

He had spent so long planning his next moves before he made a decision, but at every turn it felt as though this Zone was the one pulling him by the nose.

When these two got closer to him, he realized that his previous assessment had been too conservative. If he were to fight one of these two alone, even if he put his life on the line, his chance of living would be less than 10%! If it was both of them together, he could likely only wait for death!

Leonel took a deep breath. He affirmed to himself once more that he needed to revise his power estimation system.

But, at the same time, he was confused. Elys had said that his Spirit Pressure was already at the standard of a Three Star Magus. He didn't know exactly what a Three Star Magus was, but he assumed that Spirit Pressure was this world's name for what he called spirit and his father called Soul Force.

If he really was at this standard already… why was it that he felt this Magus was an insurmountable mountain? He didn't have an aura anywhere near this imposing.

"Master, you mustn't let them take this boy! It'll be a big loss to the mage world!"

Elys siezed the initiative and spoke first. She knew how domineering Sir Lamorak was. If he just directly snatched Leonel, there wouldn't be time for her to shed tears.

"Sir Lamorak! This boy is a General Star, we can't let him off!"

Before Aliard could respond, Jarin spoke up as well, unwilling to give up either.

"Oh?"

The two men looked toward Leonel for the first time.

At that moment, Leonel felt as though two mountains were weighing down on him. He could only feel aggrieved at this point. Was this really only an SS-grade Zone? Then what the hell would he have to go through in an SSS-grade Zone? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He had realized after fighting the beast kings that the divisions within the final three levels of a Dimension had massive leaps between them. If not for this, he wouldn't have thought he was battling an SS-grade threat when it was really just an Elite S-grade threat. But… this still felt a bit too exaggerated.

Aliard's calm, caring eyes gave way to shock after a moment. As for Lamorak, sensing a General Star wasn't as straight forward as sensing Spirit Pressure. But, he was still stunned by the strength hidden within Leonel's body.

Though others couldn't tell, as an experienced knight of the round table, Lamorak could tell that the strength within Leonel's body wasn't very far from his own. In fact, he could feel a slight scent of threat coming from Leonel at the same time.

When had their Kingdom gained such a talent?

It was then the atmosphere completely changed. Jarin and Elys had both thought that their respective masters would immediately begin contending over Leonel as well. What they could have never expected was for the temperature to suddenly drop by several degrees.

Leonel's hair stood on end as he explosively retreated. He didn't even feel the slightest hint of safety even after he had placed ten meters worth of distance between him and the two men.

Neither Lamorak or Aliard moved a single inch, but Leonel felt as though a guillotine was hanging over his neck, ready to fall at any moment.

"Who are you? Who sent you to my Camelot?"

Lamorak's words caused a coldness to well up in Leonel's heart.