Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2181 Foreign

Leonel exhaled a long breath, his face marred with fatigue. Even Little Tolly, who Leonel had never seen exhibit such signs before, also seemed to be worn out. It was clear that this was already pushing the little guy's ability.

If others knew that Leonel had accomplished so much with a Fifth Dimensional Metal Spirit, it was hard to say how they would react. However, this was meaningless to him, what was important was that he had succeeded.

In a spacious field of the Segmented Cube, three ships, each exactly a kilometer long large. They were all sleek and powerful, and yet despite hovering in the air, the grass beneath them only swayed gently as though a delicate gust of wind was passing by instead of the behemoth-like Starships they really were.

In Leonel's estimation, this Starship was at least twice as strong as the previous one in terms of both offense and defense, and in terms of speed it was three times faster and more agile. On top of all of that, it would last five years instead of the previous estimation of one despite having had its fusion core separated into three pieces, and on top of that it could not only form space tunnels, unlike the larger Starship, it could cancel mid flight and avoid an interception.

Leonel believed that this ship was no worse than the Tier 1 Starships of Shield Cross Stars, despite the fact it was made only of Tier 2 materials. On top of that, it was far more versatile and stealthy.

If Leonel ever got his hands on a Tier 1 Starship, he wouldn't need his enlightened self to return. With what he had learned building these three, he would be able to modify any that came across him.

What was maybe the best about this Starship, though, was the fact that it could be controlled by a single person. Usually, Leonel had to make hundreds of clones, thousands for the larger one. Only then could he barely control one at great cost to himself.

But now, even someone far inferior to him in terms of mental capacity could control these ships. This Starship was truly on a level of its own.

Leonel dragged his body to a pod and remained inside for half a day. This was the equivalent of an entire 48 days, but when he came out, his aura was primed and powerful. A large rush of Auspicious Air manifested around him and his Ten Stars appeared.

He closed his eyes, the sweatpants he wore fluttering in the air wildly as he continued to take deep breaths.

[Dimensional Cleanse] had always been a unique technique to Leonel, it almost felt that it had come to him by choice rather than him conspicuously picking it out after exiting the Mayan Tomb. There was clearly a tie between it and the Cataclysm Zone. This was something that Leonel had only casually concluded in the past, but the more he learned about the Cataclysm Zone, the more he felt that [Dimensional Cleanse] wasn't as simple as he thought it to be.

[Dimensional Cleanse] had opened up the world of true Universal Cycles to him, teaching him the uniqueness of it all and giving him a peek into a power that exceeded himself. As a result, his own Universal Cycles were extremely powerful.

By this point, especially considering his enemies, the Heavenly Body Realm he had once been in should have been useless, but he was still able to use it to fight against the likes of Amery. Now that he had entered the Natural Light Realm, he felt that it, too, was somewhat connected.

The sounds of a shattering barrier resounded and Leonel's body pulsed with a wild light, his body expanded and contracted wildly, seemingly growing to as much as double his size before shrinking back down to his original again and again.

It was an incredibly odd feeling, and it was the kind of breakthrough he had never experienced before.

An overwhelming power ascended from within the depths of his body, his strength leaping to tens of times his original in an instant before beginning to double continuously as though it would never stop.

Leonel exhaled a slow breath as it all came to a stop. When he opened his eyes, the world seemed simpler, less involved, easier to manipulate. His Dream Force affinity seemed to have increased again and he remembered even more of what his enlightened self had experienced, albeit still a fraction of a fraction.

'It's time to go,' Leonel said lightly.

His first destination wouldn't actually be the Morales family. Instead, it would be the Umbra family. It was about time he cash some checks.

He didn't even bother to think about the Skies family and the likes. He felt they were too inferior for what he needed to do, and though they were currently benefiting from the evolution of their land under Earth's influence, it would take at least a generation for those benefits to truly settle in. By then... he would hopefully be on to other things.

The moment Leonel stepped out from the Segmented Cube, though, a gust of gentle wind formed a beautiful woman appeared before him. A familiar fragrance assaulted his senses before he even looked down to find Aina.

She had a complicated look in her eye, not quite certain of what to say or how to say it. She was also worried about how Leonel would react to her presence, she felt like she was walking on eggshells. She was faintly aware that it wasn't normal to feel this way, but there was also nothing she could do about it.

In the end, she simply wrapped her arms around Leonel tightly, burying her head into his chest. She didn't say anything. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

She had lost her mother as well, and she knew just how much Leonel cared about his father. This was a pain that she understood all too well.

She felt Leonel hesitated slightly, but she relaxed when she felt his arms wrap around her as well.

At that moment, a golden-haired woman emitting an air of maturity appeared. She looked quite dignified and sharp, an aura familiar to her and those that had known her for many years, but one completely foreign to her son.