Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2183 Indifference

Leonel didn't move; he only continued to look at Seltin. His expression didn't seem to have changed in the slightest, but the frigid aura emitting from him was palpable.

At that moment, Radlis and Patriarch Silam both appeared. Radlis had long since returned to the Umbra family, and the latter felt quite helpless. Silam was nothing more than a figurehead; he was only in the Sixth Dimension, and he wasn't in a position to truly lead the Umbra family. But Leonel's strength was something that was deeply imprinted into him.

Although he couldn't use his full strength at the same, Leonel, a boy at merely the Fifth Dimension, and not even the peak of it but rather only at Tier 1, fought several Patriarchs all on his own, killing most of them and forcing the rest to heel.

There was an imprint of Leonel deep within his heart, an imprint that Seltin clearly didn't share despite having been present for Leonel breaking through two Tiers of the Sixth Dimension in a single bound.

The Umbra family had been on the sideline for too long. If Silam had to be honest with himself, although their stated goal was to gather their strength and eventually eliminate the Three Finger Cult, the reality was that they weren't doggedly pursuing this goal every waking minute.

They had grown complacent, and now that the Three Finger Cult had been dealt such a devastating blow even without them lifting a finger, they were even more so. Many had changed their goals. They felt that they could finally appear in the outside world once more, competing for hegemony in the Human Domain and even the wider Dimensional Verse. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

As for the Bronze Tablet, they had never had any intention of returning. Their Ancestors were part of the founding of the Three Finger Cult, and though they had to escape, if there were any remnants of the Cult, then it was rightfully their own.

Of course, they didn't know that this Bronze Tablet wasn't from their Cult at all. Rather, it was a reward that Leonel had taken for himself from the Cataclysm Zone. It had nothing to do with them outside of the fact it happened to complete the same function.

But even if Leonel explained this matter, something he couldn't be bothered to, would this change their position? At most, it would just make them more shameless.

"Three," Leonel said lightly. Seltin frowned, understanding what this meant.

"Two." She froze. Suddenly realizing what Leonel was doing, the humiliation and pride within her chest exploded. How dare he-?

"One." Leonel suddenly punched out.

"Auntie Seltin!" Radlis roared out, but it was too late.

BANG! Leonel's fist shot through Seltin's chest, shattering her heart into pieces. It was so furious and fast that Leonel's knuckles and wrist were entirely untouched by flesh and blood, a hole around his arm forming large enough for it to pass through unobstructed.

Seltin froze, looking down and not quite believing what had just happened. She was dead? That was impossible, there was still so much to do, she still had so much talent to unearth, she hadn't even brought out her greatest strength, she hadn't even...

Her eyes dimmed and she fell back, crashing into the ground.

"LEONEL!" Radlis roared. He couldn't believe what was happening, there was still room for discussion, why did he attack without saying anything. That was his aunt, a woman that had doted on him since he was a child. Although they weren't that close, he still saw Leonel as somewhat of a friend, just that they were unfortunate enough to separate before their relationship could deepen. But now...

Leonel couldn't seem to hear him at all. He stepped over Seltin's corpse as though it was worthless, moving slowly into the Umbra family's territory. His Internal Sight flourished, and he locked onto a certain location. There simply wasn't anything in the whole of this planet that could escape his senses.

The elders in the surroundings had been stunned into silence. But when they finally processed what had happened, their eyes turned red with rage.

Several manifestations rose into the air, some were still Shadow Tails, but many more were Dusky Steel Bats, and even more than that were Aurora Black Pandas. Seltin was a woman they all respected to the bottom of their hearts. Although she only led the surface of the family, it was only a matter of time before she entered the true core of the family and became one of their pillars, but now she was dead far too early.

Their fury reached a tempest, but for every one that charged forward, Leonel would only punch out once. Chests caved, heads burst like watermelons, cries of agony and pleas of murder echoed through the skies, the thick scent of death filling the skies and rising like a tide before washing down like a tsunami.

Leonel didn't have any leniency, he didn't have any mercy, he killed indiscriminately. The moment he had taken Seltin's life, there was already no more room for negotiation, and he didn't care to negotiate either. You were either with him, or you would die. There was no other option.

At that moment, truly powerful auras began to approach one after another. The majority were infinitely close to the Eighth Dimension, definitely in a Quasi Realm of sorts, but at least three of them were true Ancestors. It was clear with a thought that the Umbra family had indeed been hiding away their true strength, but this was something that had been obvious to Leonel the moment he had learned that they were in fact once a part of the Three Finger Cult.

"Stop!" One of the Ancestors roared. He was a stalwart man and seemed to look like a panda himself, even having dark, deeply sunken eyes. His words were forceful and powerful, but his expression was ugly as he looked at the carnage before him. Just what had happened here?

Leonel looked up, his expression indifferent.