Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2185 Army

"How do you get to the Spirituals Domain?" Leonel called out Wise Star Order, asking him a straightforward question. But this sort of question threw the latter completely off guard.

Wise Star Order had practically been ignored by Leonel, so he spent his time training his two disciples. He had thought that maybe Leonel would ask them to help during the war, but that time never came.

In Leonel's opinion, it wasn't yet the right time to use them, and they wouldn't have been much help to begin with. They wouldn't have changed the outcome. Savants were secret weapons that were best used when the enemy knew nothing about them. Otherwise, it would be possible to plan for their abilities and counter them ahead of time. Once their abilities were countered, Savants were no different from mortals. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

But to call him forward so suddenly and for this reason...

Leonel's enlightened self could make it to the Spirituals Domain with ease, but that was also because Dream Force could envelop an entire Domain; it was easy to find entrances to other Domains like this. But without this ability, travel was much more difficult.

The Void Battlefield wasn't just a Battlefield, it was also a buffer between regions and it was incredibly difficult to cross without the right tools. Leonel didn't want to go to other Domains now, but he wanted to understand what he had to prepare first. Since Wise Star Order had spent quite a bit of time in the Spirituals Domain and had even hidden a great amount of treasures there, he definitely should know how to get there.

As expected, after regaining his calm, Wise Star Order gave a brief explanation. It was also about as complex as Leonel had expected, but it wasn't just because of the Anarchic Force, but rather because the Spirituals had gone out of their way to corner themselves off as though they were some sort of untouchable existence.

But it was greater than this for Leonel.

'They know something.'

From Wise Star Order, he had gained something he hadn't expected and he could see a bit of why the Spirituals acted the way they did. He could also see just how rare it was for one of them to exit their world, and how much importance they had placed on his father for one of them to show up, especially since I was their Emperor.

Leonel slotted this to the back of his mind.

Given what his father had done to King, there would very soon be huge changes to these "simulations." However, due to the time dilation between the worlds, where even a few split seconds was years, it was hard to tell when exactly it was this would happen. Or, it might very well be possible that they could adjust the time dilation at their will to mitigate these factors.

Regardless, he had to be faster, sharper.

Leonel waved Wise Star Order off and left swiftly, not looking back and leaving the extraordinarily handsome man in a bit of a state of shock.

In the blink of an eye, this young man had caught up to him, but it was worse than that. Wise Star Order felt that now, even if he racked his mind for schemes, catching Leonel off guard would be absolutely impossible.

All he could see was death. If he even tried, the afterlife was all that awaited him after all these years of living. Leonel didn't even feel the need to worry about him anymore... And that was despite the fact his father was no longer here to ensure his safety.

Wise Star Order sighed. He wasn't sure what to do. Did he really have to give up all of his hopes and aspirations?

...

Leonel entered the Lab Setting, but the region had stepped into was one that only himself and Aina had been in. No one knew what was here, and even if it was explained to them, they would likely never believe it... and yet here it was.

Before Leonel, countless human-sized tubes filled to the brim with light blue liquid floated. There were easily millions of them, the space simply felt endless. But what was more important than these fluid filled tubes was what was within them...

Demons. As far as the eye could see, countless demons rested within these test tubes, waiting to be awakened.

At the very forefront of these demons, was one that Leonel recognized intimately. It was a beautiful, blue-scaled demon with a flesh hood that connected its shoulders and the top of its head. Every time it breathed, a tongue would slither out, snapping at the air and colliding against the body of the tube, causing it to shake and quake despite the fact it was formed of nigh indestructible materials.

That was right, this was none other than the Cobra Demon, the very demon that had eaten him alive. Not just one of them, but over ten thousand. And this... what nothing more than just a single one of Leonel's troops, each of which he had forged a special unit binding armor for. This was the handy work of the Tentacle Womb, a process that had taken many years to finish.

This was an army that he had planned to unleash to protect the Morales family from the onslaught of the wider Human Domain, but now their purpose had changed. The Morales had pissed him off, greatly.

If the Umbra family had seen this army, it was hard to tell how they would react. If they were paired with the Starships, it was hard to say if there was a single army in the Human Domain that could deal with them properly. They were existence that were nigh undefeatable in the Seventh Dimension, and now they were about to be released on the world. If such an army just had the backing of a handful of Ancestors, just how powerful would they be?

Leonel took a step and exited the Lab Setting. He found Aina standing, seemingly waiting for him.

"Let's go, we're returning to the Morales family."

Aina didn't say much and only nodded, the two of them vanishing. Alienor followed along, the family of three moving toward a behemoth of the Human Domain.