Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel felt a heaviness on his chest. He suddenly found that it was several times more difficult to breathe as though all the oxygen in the air had been sucked away by some unknown force.

"Speak, boy." Lamorak's words grated against Leonel's ears, beating them like a drum. It felt like his head might explode if he listened too closely. "Or else, I'll slaughter you where you stand."

Lamorak and Aliard were immediately on guard. A normal talent was always something to celebrate. But, if a talent was too monstrous, rather than being a joyous occasion, it would cross over and become something completely different.

A body rivaling that of a knight of the round table? A Spirit Pressure rivaling that of a Three Star Magus?

Rather than truly believing that Leonel was such a genius, it made more sense to believe that he was a hidden evil with bad intentions. It was simply impossible for someone so young to have such ability. There had to be another explanation.

Leonel's frown deepened. 'What the hell is wrong with me?'

Leonel hadn't felt this way since the Mayan Tomb. This uncontrollable, insatiable fear that seemed to want to swallow him whole. He found it difficult even to calm his mind the slightest bit.

After a moment, Leonel eyes focused on Aliard, his expression becoming even more serious. He didn't know exactly what was happening, but he had a strong feeling that it was the fault of this seemingly amiable man.

There was a slight glow in his eyes. It was nearly imperceptible, to the point even Leonel began to question himself. In that time, the fear he felt multiplied several times over, unwilling to relinquish the hold it had on his heart.

Leonel turned his gaze back toward Lamorak, the goosebumps spreading rapidly across his skin without pause. He shook his head furiously, trying to calm his mind. But, he found it impossible to do so.

The frustration in his heart grew several levels greater and he began to feel an irrational anger. He didn't even really know where it came from.

For some reason, he kept having flashbacks of Jarin forcing them to fight to the death. Then, the scene of Elys calling the others trash simply because they couldn't withstand her Spirit Pressure ran through his mind.

All of the bad impressions he had of Camelot suddenly exploded forth hundreds of times over.

"Are you going to speak or not, boy?!"

Lamorak's voice clapped like thunder in his mind, pushing Leonel over the edge.

"Piss off!"

Leonel suddenly roared, his voice piercing the veil and rampaging across Camelot. At that moment, Leonel's suppressed Force spread out in a tidal wave, causing billowing white steam to fill his surroundings.

His hair shot into the skies, the ink he had used to coat it vaporizing to reveal a blinding bronze sheen that shimmered no differently from polished metal.

Runes uncontrollably appeared all across Leonel's skin. This was his true state. Without suppressing his Lineage Factor, these beautiful bronze runes radiating a royal violet color would uncontrollably cover his body.

Beneath his weight, the cobbled roads cracked as he turned a pair of red eyes toward Lamorak. It was this annoying man who kept roaring at him, giving him such a splitting headache. It had truly infuriated him to the max.

An oppressive aura erupted from Leonel's body, bearing down on Camelot like an Emperor descending from the skies.

The Runes finally stopped spreading across Leonel's body. At that moment, he looked no different from a Roman God. His billowing hair, the bronze halo above his head, the crown drawn across his forehead… Even his eyes radiated a sharp light.

Aliard's expression changed. It wasn't just him, all those who had been around found it difficult to comprehend what was happening. At that moment, it felt as though a third heavy weight of Camelot had appeared, someone with no less strength than a Three Star Magus or a Knight of the Round Table.

"Boy! Do you think Camelot is a place you can act as you please?!"

Before anyone could stop him, Lamorak had shot forward, a massive mace with a cylindrical head appearing in his hands. No, it wasn't a mace, it had no sharp points, it was a completely blunt weapon, carrying an impossibly heavy weight behind it.

This only served to infuriate Leonel more. As though he had lost his mind, he took a step forward and sent out a punch.

Those watching paled. A fist against a heavy weapon like that? Even if they weren't fighters, the ending to such a thing should have been obvious.

BANG!

And, as expected, Leonel was sent flying. His body shot out like a broken kite, crashing through the buildings of the inner city without regard.

At this point, Jarin and Elys could finally grasp what was happening and their faces slightly paled. If they had really allowed such a spy into Camelot, the consequences would ahve been disastrous. Ironically, they could only look toward one another with gratitude. If it wasn't for the other battling with them for Leonel, they wouldn't have been forced to call their master's here and this matter wouldn't have been exposed so soon.

As for giving Leonel a chance, they believed they had seen all they needed to see.

Though they didn't know what those Runes on Leonel's body were, they knew that such a thing had never appeared in Camelot before and as such had a high likelihood of originating from an outside place. In this land, there were only two factions. Camelot and Modred's Demon Army. If Leonel wasn't from the former, he was obviously from the latter.

Plus, on top of that, they had all seen how Leonel's hair color was hidden from them. What reason would he have to hide such a thing if not to cover up something?

Luckily, this was over. They could only hope that their masters didn't blame them too much. After all, wasn't this still a merit? If not for them, who knew how far this spy would have risen up?

Who knew that at that very moment, the very Leonel that should have already been dead with walk out from within a pile of wreckage, blood leaking from his lips…?

At that point, let alone the crowd, Lamorak was especially stunned. At the same time, he grew several levels more serious. This threat… had to be eliminated. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A mighty roar left the knight's lips, his Force billowing around him. But, unlike Leonel's which manifested like an uncontrolled geyser, his was compressed to the point of even carrying a faint red color.

"Die!"