Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When a world entered a state of Dimensional Descent and their Metamorphosis began, a World Spirit would be born. Upon the birth of the World Spirit, a world would make a bet on a certain group of youths and bless them, allowing them the chance to enter Zones and fight for the right to earn a piece of the World Spirit. Of course, in this case, the World Spirit would be split into four.

On Earth, for whatever reason, the World Spirit was awoken ahead of time and it chose to take on Leonel's mother as its host. As such, it never split into four.

Of course, the reason for the usual choice of the World Spirit was quite obvious. It wanted to select a group of talented youths to fight for hegemony over the budding world. These four youths would usually establish families or organizations that would carry a great deal of influence through the history of the world.

Sometimes, these organizations and families would be defeated one by one, leaving just one hegemony, much like what had occurred in the case of the Morales. Or, in many cases, the World Spirit would remain in two, three or four pieces, controlled by several powers. This was what had happened in the case of the Three Pillar Sector, the former stomping grounds of the Luxnix family, the Viola family and company.

Most of the most powerful families and organizations had managed to successfully fuse their World Spirits into one, giving them a great deal of staying power and giving themselves a great advantage while battling within their own territory. It could be said that a large part of why the other families were still hesitant to take action against the Morales was precisely because of this.

At the same time, though, it could be said that there also had to be a reason they still dared to do so despite this obvious disadvantage, and Leonel believed that he had found this reason.

Just why was this World Spirit so weak and haggard...? And was it because it was so weak that other families still felt that they had a chance?

Leonel could think of a few theories.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The first was that the World Spirit was just old. It seemed to be a living, breathing existence, so it was possible that the Morales world had existed for so long that it simply couldn't be in its prime any longer.

Leonel didn't know how he felt about this thought, that would mean that even these worlds had their limits and it was only a matter of time before it came crumbling down. That said, the good news was that this didn't seem to be the case, or else it wouldn't have been so easy for Leonel to reverse its weakening. Or, at the very least, it couldn't be the only explanation.

The second thought he had, and the one he felt had more of a chance to have at least a kernel of truth, had to do with what the Morales had likely gone through to fuse the World Spirits in the first place. The Morales were a family of Crafters, who knew if they had the ability to restrict or curse their own World Spirit? He wasn't sure.

Maybe in order to deal with their competitors in the past, the Morales had dealt a blow to their World Spirit that they had not found a method to reverse in all these years.

Then there was the third reason... control.

Leonel had read all of the research papers of the Void Library, and among maybe the most researched phenomena was none other than the World Spirit. As such, when it came to understanding the rules of World Spirits and how they functioned, Leonel was likely among the very best.

Due to this, he knew that it was very well a possibility that a World Spirit could reach the end of its lifespan and a world could die along with it. However, he also knew quite well what happened after the owner of a World Spirit died.

When this happened, a World Spirit would simply choose another person. Most often, this person would have some relation to the person that died, but it wasn't a 100% certainty. There had certainly been examples in the past of prominent families losing their World Spirit to smaller existences of their world, but it was usually a simple matter to retrieve it.

However... what if it wasn't? Or, what if those that controlled the World Spirit only wanted to see it fall into the hands of very specific members of even their own family?

This was where the theories of control came into being, and almost all of them necessitated the weakening of a World Spirit and the lulling into a state of dullness and stupidity that could be easily manipulated.

Of the three theories Leonel had thought of, it was possible that each one had a small kernel of truth to it, but there was no doubt that this one was the most likely to be 100% true.

But it didn't matter now. The World Spirit was in his hands, but he also had no intention of keeping it for himself.

Like he had said. He had read all the research papers there were to have on World Spirits, all of the cumulative thoughts and understandings of countless generations of people. Plus, he had Wise Star Order and Anastasia to chest his understanding with. So he had an even better use for this new and improved World Spirit.

Before Ancestor Alvaro could even say a word, Leonel squeezed his palm lightly, condensing the World Spirit into its purest form and then tossing it into the air.

The World Spirit shot out like a ball from a canon, roaring into the air and suddenly becoming like another star in the skies. But then it dispersed, spreading out wildly and fusing into the Morales Constellation.

At that moment, every Morales in the territory suddenly felt a mysterious power coursing through their veins, feeling far more powerful now than they had ever felt before.