Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel lowered his hand, his gaze indifferent and unmoved. He already expected much of this to happen and none of it surprised him. However, this sort of commotion was the kind that could easily catch the attention of an entire family. Even while so focused on understanding all of the secrets of their new Lineage Factor, the Morales Ancestors couldn't help but be alerted by this matter, and even the deepest reaches of them, existences that hadn't appeared in the light of day in centuries, came forward.

Obviously, this was caused by one very important reason... the World Spirit had vanished.

Ancestor Alvaro landed not far from Leonel, his brows knitted into a tight frown. He had witnessed everything with his own eyes and the shock within him wasn't small in the slightest. He didn't quite know how to react. Should he be angry? Impressed? Should he reprimand Leonel and try to punish him? Or should he pretend as though he hadn't seen anything?

But the problem with the latter choice was that there was simply no way that others would let it slide, and it seemed even less likely that Leonel just planned to leave things as is and stop causing these things to happen.

"Littlest N..."

"Gather the various elders and Ancestors of the family. I have some things I need to say. I will make some things clear first, though. This is the one and only chance that I'm giving the Morales, and for no other reason than the fact half of my blood comes from here. If it was another family that cowered in their own dens while others fought for the safety of the Human Race, there would be no negotiations at all."

Leonel walked by Ancestor Alvaro, leaving him far too stunned to speak. He in one part couldn't believe that a junior was talking to him like this, but on the other hand he didn't quite know how to refute.

Staying here and adding to their fortifications seemed like the obvious and natural thing to do, but when he heard Leonel describe it as a cowardly act, his old face became a bit red. The Morales were naturally straight forward and valiant people, they knew what it meant to be brave and what it meant to lead a battle with the tip of your spears. It should have naturally been they, who were among the strongest humans, who led the forefront of the battle.

Instead, though, the human army had been made up of juniors and a hodgepodge of geniuses from lesser families that had worked their way up to the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension. Not a single of the Human Domain's most prominent families had appeared, and it seemed that they had taken the fact that Leonel had repelled the Invaders for granted.

But what else was new?

Leonel reversed the entrapment of countless geniuses in the Cataclysm Zone, saving the hopes of countless families, and yet this seemed to have been forgotten.

He had become the Patriarch apparent of the Morales family, completing a shocking feat and defeating Seventh Dimensional geniuses while only being in the Sixth... and yet this seemed to have been forgotten.

He had killed dozens of enemy Ancestors, he had crushed the scourge of the Human Domain, he had wiped out threat after threat, and yet this had been forgotten.

And why, exactly? Because he was too young? Because his feats were too ridiculous? Because it was easier to accept the status quo? Because others felt that he was too arrogant? Or maybe it was because they felt they could do with him as they pleased now that his father was dead.

Amusing.

Leonel walked into the grandest room in Morales territory. It was embroidered in gold, brass and bronze, the workmanship of the Morales on full display as ancient depictions of battles long passed were etched into the very walls that seemed forged of dozens of meters thick bricks of metal.

Every step he took was resonating, and Ancestor Alvaro's action seemed completely unnecessary. One after another, the pinnacle existences of the Morales appeared. Whether it was those of the Spear Domain Faction or those of the Metal Synergy Faction, they arrived in full force, originally believing that their family was in danger, and only now understanding that Littlest Nova had appeared.

Without a hint of ceremony, Leonel reached the throne and sat upon it. The floors rumbled and the planet shook, a surge of King's Might taking hold of the Morales land. At that moment, even without making a single move, the Morales Ancestors seemed to feel that none of them stood a chance against the current Leonel.

"Sit." Leonel commanded coldly.

The elders and Ancestors subconsciously moved. Many of them were able to resist and continued to stand, hidden in the shadows or in plain sight, but the majority could not, following along one after another until the hall was completely filled.

In a daze, they didn't even realize what had happened until they had already sat down. And now, most were far too embarrassed to even stand once again in a fit of rage, feeling that it was better if they pretended that this was their intention all along.

At that moment, Ancestor Issa caught up, her expression twisted. What had happened, how had things ended up like this?

She had faintly heard Leonel's earlier words, and she couldn't quite believe it.

Many of the Ancestors were more than a little unsatisfied, feeling as though a junior was trying to step on their heads, but the current Leonel's presence was too suffocating, almost like he could snuff out their lives with a single word.

"Littlest Nova, what is the meaning of this?" A certain Ancestor Wenrow spoke, his distaste clear in his voice. "That throne can only be sat upon by the current Patriarch, you've yet to be coronated. In addition, when all Ancestors are present, the level of the throne must be brought down in order to show respect to those that came before you. There are several here who've served as Patriarch before, you aren't the first, and you won't be the last."

"Are you finished?"Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ancestor Wenrow froze.

"Now, I have some things I would like an explanation for. The family made a decision to hole up and retreat from the battlefield without my consent. Why?"

Silence fell. No one knew how to answer this question because they felt it was too ridiculous.