Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2197 A Pride Beyond

These words weren't as crazy as what they expected, but the more they thought about the implications, the heavier they felt.

The Void Palace was the symbol of humanity. Sending their descendants was more than about training. If it was just this, they would be able to train their own descendants far better. After all, they had the deepest understanding of their Lineage Factor and how their bodies worked, figuring out a training plan for just a single kind of person was far easier.

No, sending their disciples was in one part to remind the Human Domain of the kind of potential the Morales had, making their prestige greater and making it so that it was even less likely that others would have designs on them. But, more importantly than that, it was to forge a united front.

The humans had an obvious weakness... they followed too many paths as a Race. It was easy for them to butt heads and to push and pull in all sorts of different directions. The Void Palace was needed.

While smaller families fought for a place in the Void Palace, for larger families... it was almost a tacit mandate, one accepted by them all. If the Morales truly decided not to send anyone, it would be adjacent to declaring themselves an enemy of the Human Domain...

Looking at the indifferent Leonel, they felt that this was truly what he wanted. His sights were set beyond the Morales. They faintly gained the understanding that when Leonel said that he would change the Morales, he didn't just mean them... he likely meant the entire Human Domain.

"The second thing will be a replacement for the Void Palace, whether that is in battle, Crafting, or Force Pill Crafting."

The Morales were shaken when they heard this. They had never had many Force Pill Crafting talents. It could be said that part of the reason it was so important for them to remain on good terms with the rest of the Human Domain was so that they could continue to be supplied by such things.

But then they remembered... This Littlest Nova's woman, wasn't she one of the only few Life Grade Force Pill Crafters in the Human Domain?!

After they thought this, though, they felt a sense of shame. Leonel's words about cowardice and fear rang in their ears once more.

They should have cut ties with the Void Palace the moment Ishmael died, but they hadn't. Now Velasco had died, and anyone who wasn't a fool could be certain that the Void Palace had some hand to play in this matter as well... would they still swallow that sort of insult just for the sake of some pills?

"The Crafting curriculum will be designed by my father. The Force Pill Crafting will be designed by the best elders you have here. The battle curriculum will be decided after the secrets of the new Lineage Factor are fully understood." Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Confusion colored the faces of the people here. Some thought the worst and even thought that maybe Leonel and Aina were no longer together. But Leonel explained the matters quite simply.

"My woman's Ability Index is the reason that she can enter the Life Grade of Force Pill Crafting, this isn't an ability that she can casually hand off to others." Before the elders could be disappointed, Leonel continued. "However, what she can do is provide many Life Grade recipes, from the Fourth Dimension to the Seventh. It will lay a foundation that can allow those who are close to the Life Grade to cross over the final barrier."

The hearts of the elders skipped a beat. Fourth Dimensional Life Grade?

Suddenly, they remembered Leonel's armors. Could it truly be that a Life Grade treasure didn't have to be Eighth Dimensional? Just this information alone was groundbreaking.

Recipes to Force Pill Crafters were just like Blueprints to Force Crafters. Leonel's words seemed to imply that Aina could actually provide many, and it didn't even sound like a handful or just a few either. This was something that was hard for them to fathom.

For Force Pill Crafters, as rare as they were, they would often just have a single Life Grade pill that they could Craft. The idea that Aina was so far beyond this made it difficult for their heads to wrap around.

"The third thing is a return to the status quo. The Morales will not live in fear. Those that are here, once the Force Eruption is through, will be sent back to their homes to take care of the land."

These words were ones that the Ancestors had the fiercest reaction to. However, it was only because of Leonel's words about Force Pill Crafting that many of them only frowned, not immediately lashing out. Still, it was clear that they didn't like this decision at all.

Leonel's actions were akin to placing the commoners of the Morales in the line of fire. They would be vulnerable and prone to dying. It would also be harder to manage the resources as well.

In a family so large, there were bound to be bad actors. If they also left these fringe families unprotected, that would breed a lower class and crime would ramp up, making this population of bad actors even larger.

If a group decided to start smuggling their Eighth Dimensional resources to the outside world, what would they do? It was impossible to manage such a large group of people without extremely strict rules.

There was no way other families wouldn't take advantage of this.

If they could think of these matters, how could Leonel not? But his thoughts were quite firm.

"The Morales need a family of warriors, not a few warriors and a large group of commoners. You still think yourselves to be valiant men and women, willing to stand with blade in hand to face death, and yet what decision did you make when it counted most?

"That identity of the Morales has long since been forgotten, and the people beneath you have forgotten how good it feels to fight and earn what you deserve.

"The most important part is that no matter how thorough you Ancestors are, unearthing all of the secrets of a new Lineage Factor in just a few weeks or months is impossible. You need to give as many people as possible a chance to unearth new techniques and abilities you had never thought of, you need to incentivize them with rewards, and let them feel a pride that comes from being a Morales that goes beyond just a name and a skin tone.

"Do you understand?"

Leonel's indifferent words made the hearts of the Morales tremble.