Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2200 Let Me Know

Leonel had purposely left the various Patriarchs and Matriarchs of the families that Third Nova had made use of behind. It not only showed confidence in his story, but it also allowed the family Ancestors to double and triple-check his story. In the end, they would have no method of refuting him. He had even left Third Nova's favorite little demoness behind as well.

But therein lied a question. Why did he lie about Third Nova's death?

Really, he just wanted control. Lying about Third Nova's death was an opportunity he couldn't pass on because it would save him the trouble of dealing with other variables. So long as others thought that Third Nova was dead, they wouldn't ask to see him, or for him to be put on trial, and it would stop his branch and those that sympathized with him from finding a way to weasel him out of the situation.

But that obviously left another question. Why hadn't he actually killed Third Nova?

That answer was more complicated.

Truthfully, in his rage, it seemed only natural that Leonel would do so. After all, someone with a connection to the Three Finger Cult that had in many ways caused his father's death truly infuriated him. The problem was that the risk wasn't worth it, not now. That risk was, of course, the matter of information.

There seemed to be an obvious solution to that, and that was to kill Third Nova, use his King's Might Lineage Factor, gain himself an obedient soul, and then ask this soul everything that he wanted to know.

Unfortunately, this wasn't the perfect solution, and that was something that he had learned from questioning Simeon, the first important member of the Brazinger family that he had killed.

Leonel had only managed to get rudimentary information out of Simeon, but this made sense. The Four Great Families had once had a great fear of the Fawkes family, and this was also what led to their destruction. How could they not have countermeasures to deal with their strength, especially when they released that tablet into the world once more through that gathering of geniuses event?

It wasn't certain that Third Nova had similar protections, but Leonel kept remembering how after the Savants of the Three Finger Cult died, their souls couldn't be controlled by him indefinitely, as though some power was pulling them away. He had no choice but to Assimilate them so that he didn't lose their powers indefinitely, but this didn't allow him to gain the information he wanted.

This ultimately meant that he had to question Third Nova the good old-fashioned way, or else he might not gain any information at all. But such a thing would take a great amount of patience.

Of course, there was also the second method... And that was to find and undo whatever restrictions there might be on him and then do it the far easier way. But the unfortunate part was that the progress of the Cataclysm Zones was too far beyond that of the Dimensional Verse and Leonel's current understandings.

Leonel could practically storm through the Dimensional Verse thanks to his self-created armors by his troops, but such armors were commonplace in the Cataclysm Zone. And that was just one example. He could only leave this matter up to Anastasia and hope for the best.

At that moment, seemingly sensing Leonel's arrival, Xavnik slowly looked up, his gaze swimming with a gaseous green that slowly faded away. He revealed a menacing grin before lowering his head once more, ignoring Leonel entirely. At the very least, he had the heart of a Morales. Even in this situation, he had yet to show any weakness...

But neither did Leonel care.

He turned and left, going to see Aina and explaining to her what he needed her to do for the sake of his plans with the Force Pill Crafting division.

"No problem, leave it to me," Aina said lightly.

"Thanks," Leonel said before vanishing.

Aina smiled bitterly. 'You really don't need to thank me, idiot...'

...

Leonel appeared not long later before his mother.

"Mom, I need your help with something," Leonel said.

Alienor's eyes lit up. They had been in the Morales territory for almost a day now, but she hadn't done anything. She really wanted to support Leonel, but she also didn't want to be in his way.

"What is it, Little Lion?"

"With your World Spirit, you have a strong understanding of the Camelot Magic System, right?"

"Mm," Alienor nodded.

"Have there been any other Zones like Camelot in the time that I've been away?"

"There've been some, but none as good or worthwhile. That said, we're quickly approaching the Eighth Dimension, and I can sense that another one is coming. That Zone will probably appear soon."

Leonel's gaze flickered. He didn't expect that his mother would be able to sense such a thing as well, but it made sense. It wouldn't be impossible that soon, the Morales family world that hadn't had to deal with Sub-Dimensional Zones in a very long while might have yet another wave on their hands as well. But Leonel was far more interested in Earth's Zones now that he was hearing that there may be some interesting ones.

"I see..." Leonel nodded. "Can you please make a comprehensive plan for how one would learn the Camelot Magic System from simple to complex, according to your understanding? I would like to give it as an option for certain members of the Morales."

"Okay," Alienor nodded without hesitation. Her understanding of the Magic System was better than anyone else's, even his enlightened self. It was practically an innate part of her; she was by far the best for this task.

"Also, please let me know when those Zones start to appear. I'm a bit worried about Earth, things are happening too fast, and I have a feeling that they'll speed up even faster. There likely isn't anyone on Earth outside of yourself who has the ability to clear Eighth Dimensional Zones." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Alienor's gaze flickered with worry as well, but she nodded.

This would be the first time that the Human Domain was dealing with such powerful Sub-Dimensional Zones. While it was a great opportunity... It was also a great hidden danger as well.

Whether it would lead to treasure or death would be decided within these next few years.

"... One more thing, mom... If you hear of any Zones with the prefix 'Merlin's Prophecy'... Let me know."

That person that called themselves God in the Joan Zone and the Camelot Zone... Leonel was certain that he was King, the very man that his father had risked it all to kill with a single spear strike.... The very man with the ability to gift Ability Indexes through Force Arts.

One had to wonder why such a lofty existence cared so much about treasures in a world he had supposedly created himself. It seemed backward and illogical... Why would someone who could create this world be interested in any it could produce... But then again, why create this world at all if there was nothing to gain from it?

Leonel wanted to know why.