Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2205 Disdain

Leonel looked toward Shan'Rae with an unreadable expression. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking, mostly because in reality he was trying to deduce what this woman meant. A favor was being returned? To who exactly? And who could make a race of people on this level return a favor?

There only really seemed to be one answer... The Fawkes family.

It was the only logical answer but it was also one that Leonel wasn't willing to accept immediately. There was an obvious flaw you didn't even need to be as intelligent as him to comprehend, and that was the fact that the Pyramids had been destroyed by Leonel's time. In fact, they had been destroyed before Fawkes truly came into power. Also, if this favor was returned so early on, where was Emperor Fawkes? And if he had the help of this race, why in the world would it take him so long to conquer Earth? A place filled to the brim with mortals?

He was still missing something. No, he was missing a significant part of the story.

He didn't say this, though. Instead, he directly attacked, his fist descending like a shooting star.

Shan'Rae's pupils constricted, clearly not having expected this, but it was already too late. She was struck in the face.

Leonel frowned. His fist felt odd, it was as though he was punching something far larger than himself, but also akin to a bundle of clouds. At the same time, it was as though all of his power was sinking into the depths of space, dispersing an infinite number of times before it turned to nothing.

Even so, he followed through and then retracted his fist as though he had expected it. In the end, it came off as more of a slap than anything else, but without the same sort of disrespect that came with an open palm.

Shan'Rae's gaze flashed with fury, but then something peculiar as though she had realized something. By the time her head turned back from being turned to the side, and she looked toward Leonel again, it was as though nothing at all had happened.

"Watch your mouth." Leonel said lightly. "I asked you a question, answer it and nothing else."

Shan'Rae smiled. "Oh my, I'm sorry my esteemed prince. This humble servant should have been more selective with her words." ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

She couldn't have sounded more sarcastic if she tried. In fact, Leonel faintly felt that she had seen through the fact that he wasn't the real El'Rion, but for whatever reason, she didn't do anything about it. Or maybe she was unable to do anything about it.

Just what kind of races were these? She could see through something like this with just a single touch?

This wasn't a normal matter. It was shocking enough that Leonel could see through her thoughts, but it was even more shocking that she could see through him. The matter of Sub-Dimensional Zones dealt with the Folds of Reality themselves. In a lot of ways, they were the action of the Regulator pulling together to points of time, or two Dimensional Folds. How could a living being see through such a thing? Even Leonel was certain that he would have no ability to do so.

Seeing that sarcastic smile, it was hard to tell if she was making fun of him for trying to pretend to be something he was not, or if she was making fun of El'Rion for actually having his body taken over by another.

Something told Leonel, though, that it was the latter. This woman seemed to be so indifferent to the existence of lesser beings that it just might be impossible for one she deemed to be so to move her emotions, whether in anger or disdain.

Would one feel disdain toward a dog even if they ate right out of a garbage can? You might give it a glance and nothing else.

This was a sort of arrogance that Leonel had simply never seen before, because it wasn't born or created. Rather, it was hereditary, passing down via the very blood rushing through her veins... If this sort of being had blood at all.

Leonel suddenly felt supremely pissed off. His mood hadn't been the best in recent times, seeing that smile, the ring of violet turned crimson.

The woman chuckled again, not taking it very seriously, but Leonel had already attacked. This time, the result was far different than what it had been in the past. Before, he had only tried to fire a normal fist. This time, he stirred something deep within this body, a power that he couldn't quite describe outside of a single word...

Creation.

BANG!

The woman's expression changed but due to her indifference and disdain, it was already too late to react.

She was blown backward, unable to catch herself. The skin of her face cracked like glass.

She shot through the doors she had just come from, blasting into a wall. However, the corpse of Void Beast was so sturdy that she didn't blast through, instead slamming to a stop and coughing up a mouthful of blood that looked like a silver star vomiting.

Those within the ship were suddenly alerted, many of them rushing forward. What Leonel noticed immediately was that they were all far smaller than Shan'Rae, and the cosmos that covered their skin was far less elaborate.

Shan'Rae slipped to the ground and coughed once. She looked up slowly, wiping the blood from her lips. Her gaze now carried a look different from her former disdain. Some of that rage had come back, but on the surface, higher than it, was surprise, as well as a hint of wariness.

Was she wrong? Was this still El'Rion?

Slowly, Shan'Rae remembered what she had come here to do.

"El'Rion, I would advise that you place that arrogance of yours down. I have come for a very clear purpose. The Void Beast is the symbol of my Void Race, do you think that I would be allowed to take it with me as a junior if I didn't represent my-"

Shan'Rae's eyes widened as Leonel attacked again.