Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel landed heavily on the deck. One would have thought that with the level of strength this being had, he would have flown much further than that. Or, even worse, would already be dead. But it seemed that the strength was applied in breaking the rules of this Zone, separating him from a body that he should have been one with.

In the simplest words, it could be said that he had already failed this Zone. In the most complex, this existence had the ability to ignore the rules of this world, stepping through reality and manipulating it to their desires.

However, rather than feeling fear, Leonel was only more enraged. Why was this man able to ignore the restrictions of the Regulator, but his father was not? Who did he think he was?

A furious roar left Leonel's lips. He didn't seem to feel the shattered remnants of his body as his Force pushed him up. If he couldn't move his body, then he would move other things. He looked up into the skies.

He could no longer feel it. He was certain that there had been an eye there, but his current perception wasn't even able to understand what was before him now outside of a large mass that blotted out the skies. He had no way of telling how it had appeared, or why it was seemingly able to stand both here, and not, both in existence, and not, somehow taking up all space, and yet not interfering with any of the existence planets, stars, and worlds.

But he knew it was there, he was certain.

BOOM!

Leonel's Tier 3 armor appeared, a radiant bow wrapped in black and gold taking shape. He raised it and pulled, his arrow aimed toward the skies.

Then he felt it. That very same annoying sneer. He couldn't see it, but he could sense it. It was as though that very emotion prickled the deepest sense of rage within his heart, a part of his sense of self that was so solidly and deeply ingrained that it existed across all time and reality.

He knew his arrow would never reach. He knew that trying to attack this existence was meaningless.

"All those that dare look down on this King..."

Clink.

Leonel's visor snapped into place, his Divine Armor rumbling to life and the pressure of Force, or lack thereof, coming from Earth's atmosphere rushed toward a single direction. Even the slowly expanding desert below accelerated its growth.

"... Deserve death."

Leonel's arrow suddenly lowered, and he released his bowstring. The echo of the TWANG of his bowstring roared across the Folds of Reality, the depth of meaning behind his words shaking even the Regulator awake.

At that moment, the Regulator who had been prepared to take action against this being that had suddenly appeared, felt some of its strength being snatched away by the arrow of Leonel's bow. A swirling mass of dense and destructive Force took hold, appearing before Shan'Rae in a blink.

The entity's expression changed. Leonel still couldn't see it, but he could feel it. He could feel that annoying disdain changing to something different, something filled with shock and a lack of understanding.

The only explanation was that the words of Leonel were so profound that they had stirred even the Regulator, stripping it of its usual control. But this was impossible, definitely not by a Seventh Dimensional ant, and especially not an ant of an Incomplete World.

"No-"

It was too late. Leonel's arrow pierced through Shan'Rae's forehead. One after another, the stars that twinkled across her body began to dim, collapsing one by one. But...

Just when it seemed that she would die, El'Rion, who had been in a daze, not quite understanding what was going on, or how he had suddenly lost not just an arm, but even a leg at that, finally reacted. He took a leap forward.

In that instant, the energy of the Regulator reached balance once again and was stripped from Leonel's arrow. At the same time, his remaining arm reached forward and his hand wrapped around the arrow's body, stopping it in its tracks when it was just half an inch into Shan'Rae's head.

El'Rion took a deep breath, looking around again as he slowly pulled the arrow back. He couldn't remember the last time he had been in such a stressful situation, and he could never remember being injured in his life. This sort of feeling was novel, but his expression remained cold and indifferent, unreadable.

With a thought, his severed arm and leg flew back to him, his droplets of blood doing the same and becoming like the glue that put him back together.

If one understood the culture of the Pluto Race, and how they treated their own bodies like a temple, the indifference in El'Rion's reaction would have truly been shocking. Just the idea that someone else would be within him should have set him off, let alone losing two limbs like this.

However, this was just the type of person he was.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

At the same time, Leonel's own reaction was colder than an iceberg. His expression didn't change, but that bubbling fury within him threatened to boil over.

He stood in his armor, looking down before he looked back up at the sky. He didn't know who these people were, but if he didn't die today, he would most definitely not forget this. For the simple act of disdaining him, he held a grudge so deep it seemed ridiculous.

Leonel had gone from a man who didn't seem to care much whether he had to kneel to King Arthur or not, to a man who took even this insult to heart. It was difficult to tell just how far he would go. What was certain was that his greatest hatred was aimed at the fact he didn't have the strength right now to change much about the situation... Not without preparation.

At that moment, El'Rion slowly looked back, meeting his gaze.