Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2209 Too Strong

2209 Too Strong

El'Rion touched the dent in his chest as though it wasn't his own. He looked back up toward the skies as the entity faded. He didn't seem to be enraged, nor did he seem to be in pain. He simply stood up slowly and looked away. He stumbled slightly, but he regained his bearings quickly. Even now, he didn't seem to notice that Leonel was above him.

Leonel also observed these matters silently. His gaze shifted from El'Rion to Shan'Rae, who was suddenly brimming with power. Her glass-like skin quickly recovered, sealing. At the same time, the number of stars that made up her cosmos seemed to have multiplied several times over.

She rose to her feet under a mysterious power, her expression a cross between a grimace and anger. She had almost died not just once, but twice.

She waved a hand, and her scythe, which had vanished earlier, appeared again. It looked as though it was forged of blue glass, even somewhat ice-like, while being far more radiant than it had been previously. The last time she had summoned it, she was already in a heavily injured, half-dead state. But now she was at 100%.

She didn't even look at El'Rion, her gaze landing on Leonel. This human had actually almost killed her not just once, but twice. Although El'Rion was heavily injured, she still had an innate respect for the Pluto Race that was etched into the depths of her soul. If she didn't have to fight El'Rion, she wouldn't. Her Ancestor injuring him wasn't for the sake of killing him; injuring a Pluto and killing them outright were two completely different things. Rather…

It just made what she wanted to do here far easier. Clearly, she hadn't just come for the sake of passing on a message. In fact, it might very well be possible that the Void Race had expected all of this to happen from the very beginning. Leonel was a bit of a variable, but it was hardly worth caring about.

She raised her Scythe, but Leonel had already reacted.

His Dream Force flourished.

What he hadn't expected was that even though he had reacted first, he would still be a step slow. Shan'Rae's scythe appeared before him, ready to swing down.

Leonel actually couldn't tell what Shan'Rae's dimension was. He just felt that she was completely unfathomable, and yet she was a junior. He didn't know what any of this meant. There should only be the Eighth and Ninth Dimensions beyond him; there was nothing above. Could you still be considered a junior if you were in the Eighth Dimension?

Leonel's bow vanished, and a black rod appeared in his hands. He didn't bother to take out his Divine Spear because he knew that it wasn't strong enough. Now that he had been expelled from El'Rion's body, whether it was his Spear Domain Ring or the Segmented Cube, they had both returned to his possession.

A Shadow Sovereign Domain erupted from him, shrouding the space. But, to his surprise, the instant it touched the Void Beast's corpse, it dissipated, twisting apart and vanishing. This narrowed the scope of his Domain considerably and made his Force sluggish. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

He dodged backward, just barely tilting his head to the side.

The scythe tore through his Divine Armor as though it was wet tissue paper, carving through his forehead, just barely missing his Ethereal Glabella, and curving out from his chest. The wound was deep, at least three to four inches. Although it hadn't cut all the way through his body, it was a devastating wound that would have ended any other human's life, especially as this energy roared and twisted, looking to destroy him from the inside out.

Shan'Rae frowned. This human actually survived her strike? No, he should be dead. Her Force wasn't something a mere human could withstand.

Just as she was thinking this, Leonel's Scarlet Star Force roared to life. His Golden Tiger and Death Pulse Deer bloodlines pulsed, rushing into his Divine Armor and mending it. Horns grew from his head, wrapped by the beautiful black and gold of his armor. At the same time, plates of white gold fur formed, making him look like an armored beast warlord.

He released the seals on his Scarlet Star Force, allowing it to rampage and push against the odd Force that Shan'Rae controlled.

Shan'Rae's gaze narrowed. Leonel was clearly using a Force beyond his ability to control. No human could produce a Force that could fight against her own; it was nonsensical.

Leonel suddenly thrust his spear out, aiming for between Shan'Rae's brows. And yet, due to his Domain, it felt as though it was coming from everywhere. When this was layered with his Absolute Spear Domain, it likewise felt that it was coming at all times. His skill in the spear had been pushed to the absolute limits.

"Paltry skill."

Shan'Rae waved the butt of her scythe and collided against just one of Leonel's many spear tips, and yet they all dispersed at once.

"Not even at that Impetus State and you want to fight me? Just die."

Leonel's gaze was just as cold as always. He didn't seem to react to Shan'Rae's taunt at all because he had found it.

His gaze flashed with a furious violet light. "Come."

Earth trembled and shook. A dormant spirit hidden deep within came to life, forced to move long before it was ready. This time, when Leonel moved his spear, the world itself moved. However, even he was surprised at this moment.

'This World Spirit is far stronger than it should be, especially at this stage.'

His gaze sharpened as he looked down at the pyramids and the desert rapidly forming around them. He understood at that moment. Those were definitely not just normal monuments.

His spear spun in his hand, and he struck out again.

"Dammit!" Shan'Rae's expression changed and her power surged. But just as she was about to cross a certain limit, a black chain slapped down on her arm, nearly ripping it out of her control.

BANG!

Leonel's spear landed on her body. Only the smallest crack formed, but he didn't seem to care at all.

She was sent flying back, but he didn't move an inch, raising his spear into the air.

The World Spirit and Earth rumbled, a Force Art quickly beginning to form, roaring with Spear Force.

…

In a location across the Dimensional Verse, the vanishing of the galaxies hadn't gone unnoticed, and the devastation it had caused was even worse.

A certain man sat on a throne, his brows tightly furrowed. If Leonel had been here, he would have recognized this man as the very same puppet that had fought his father… the Silver Emperor.

The problem was that this person wasn't the Silver Emperor at all. Rather, it was Aina.

1