Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2210 Once More

Aina was very familiar with the history of the Silver Empire. She had, of course, entered their Zone before, although that Zone was heavily distorted. However, given Aina's instincts, she was very good at telling the fake from the real. The problem here wasn't this, though...

The problem was that according to her understanding, The Silver Empire would be destroyed very soon. In fact... There was a rush at the doors of the throne room and a messenger rushed in, heaving deep breaths. This messenger didn't even get the chance to speak before it happened.

The palace rocked and quaked.

Aina's expression changed, and she quickly stood to her feet. Her Force imploded within her body, and she struck out. Compared to Leonel, her ability to adapt to this new body was on a completely different level. She had access to 100% of the Silver Emperor's strength immediately. In fact, as time passed, she was actually faintly surpassing the Silver Emperor until she would reach the point where she could entirely suppress him.

The power of Aina's palm was mighty. It almost matched the rocking scene seen before her, blasting a hole through the double doors and out of the palace, surging into the skies and meeting a rippling wave of raging Star Qi.

Despite the power of her strike, Aina's expression was quite ugly at the moment. Or rather, the expression of the Silver Emperor's was.

Her strike managed to protect a large segment of Planet Silver, but it was still only a segment. And, "large" in this case wasn't nearly large enough. The capital city and its surrounding lands were all well protected, but the rest of the planet was practically blown off the map, some of the destruction even wrapping around and destroying the opposite hemisphere.

Just what had happened?

The messenger shook in fear. At first, he had thought that the Silver Emperor was attacking him in rage for interrupting, but now he realized that he had been just this close from dying.

"Your Imperial Majesty..." The messenger huffed and puffed. "... The galaxies... our territory... it's, it's..."

Aina's expression went completely dark. She had thought that the skies had seemed far more... lively than she was used to. It practically felt as though a net of starlight was cast over them. In fact, it was so vibrant and gorgeous that the stars could be seen like the moon in the middle of the day.

But now... now the skies looked like the skies she remembered... dim, uninteresting, obedient to even the smallest hints of light pollution... weak.

Who could even do such a thing? Destroying so many galaxies with a wave of the hand? But worse than that, and especially pertinent to the current mission at hand, what did it mean for the Silver Empire to suddenly lose so much of its strength?

They had the largest territory in the Human Domain currently, there was no doubt that they had suffered the greatest at the hand of this destruction. What was the point of this Zone, exactly? Was she supposed to do the impossible and save the Silver Empire? That couldn't be the mission, right?

But then where was Leonel? What about her mother-in-law? And what about Little Tolly?

... Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Leonel's spear tip trembled, his Force Art roaring to life. Using the World Spirit, he had limited the strokes of his spear from 999, down to less than a dozen, relying on the power of the world to forcefully raise the standard of his Spear Force.

Shan'Rae's expression changed. She had just spoken about the Impetus, and now this ant had brought out something infinitely close to it?!

"That's enough," El'Rion spoke lightly.

Leonel's spear pierced out as though he hadn't heard anything at all. To others, the words of a Pluto were law. To Leonel, it was nothing more than whispers of the wind. When he wanted to do something, no one would stop him.

El'Rion, beaten and ragged, appeared before Leonel, his gaze just as indifferent as ever. Standing almost two meters taller than Leonel, he loomed over him. His presence imposing and domineering.

Someone else might question him. Why was he trying to help someone related to an existence who had just almost killed him? Why was he stopping Leonel when he had nothing to do with this situation at all? It might even make sense to question the unfairness of it all, but Leonel didn't have such a change in expression.

El'Rion was stepping forth? It sounded to him like he wanted to die too.

Leonel's spear thrust forward, roaring like the wave.

El'Rion shook his head. "Killing her will do nothing but bring you trouble. As for you, you're no match for me even in this state, why are you wasting your time here?"

El'Rion reached up a finger, almost too slowly, and yet he still managed to touch the tip of Leonel's spear.

Leonel's Spear Force veered violently out of control, splitting like a tide and roaring out in all directions. Some danced across El'Rion's bluish-grey skin, but it reflected off of it like a light on a mirror, spiraling out in all directions and leaving him unscathed.

Leonel was forced into a retreat, and El'Rion looked down at his finger. There was the faint mark of slightly white-gold. It seemed that he had almost bled again; this world was truly filled with bad luck for him.

With a strong surge, Leonel came to a stop, lowering his spear slightly. He looked forward coldly. He had seen demons before, many of whom he had thought to be exceptionally powerful. But he had never in his life seen a body so powerful, and that was saying something considering his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor, or rather what it had become, was truly excellent in this regard.

At that moment, Shan'Rae recovered and moved, her scythe screeching out in humiliation as she shook the Regulator's chains off of her arm. Her power multiplied, that mysterious energy flaring once more.