Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2219 One or Two

"The Dream Project? This was only the second time he was hearing about it, but there was something that he had already deduced about it, and that was that the so-called 'Simulation' and this Dream Project should be one in the same. But, even beyond that, the man who had tried to strike down his father, the very man who was felled by just a single strike, a man who called himself King, should be one of the masterminds behind this Dream Project.

Just the name alone, and the fact the Demoness had such strong Dream Force affinity, made Leonel feel as though it was almost a near certainty that the Three Finger Cult was intertwined and related to all of this. How else could an organization of a so-called Incomplete World like this one possibly open up a path to a Complete World?

The deductions seemed to logically follow from one another, flowing freely and easily. The Simulation was created to help the Complete World with some troubles it was having. His father became an uncontrollable variable that the Complete World felt that it had to get rid of, and maybe his grandfather had fallen into that category as well, leading to the both of them being killed. Ultimately, the purpose of this Dream Project would become clear and obvious in the end, but if Leonel had to guess, it was likely related to demons and their invasion.

The so-called Complete World, or the land that he had called the Cataclysm Zone up until this point, had a very clear and obvious Demon problem. Their Complete World was actually divided into segments as though it was in the middle of fusing with another Complete World, a Demon World at that. This was why their cities and the demons seemed to overlap so considerably.

Of course, this was all speculation on Leonel's part, using bits and clues that he had learned of this while stuck in the Cataclysm Zone, or rather the Complete World. But he had no idea just how close to the truth he was, nor did he know that the final seal blocking the Demon World had been undone upon his return to the Dimensional Verse, causing the paused fusion to continue once more.

What made this matter set with him even more obviously was how cheap the Dream Force Type items were in the exchange. It seemed that someone with great Dream Force affinity was trying to make certain that they could help out as much as they could, and that was why Leonel was able to trade for so many Dream Force items that had helped him considerably until this point, items like the Dream Star Gathering Beast Formation, or the Focus Crystals, or the Perfection Stone.

The purpose of this Incomplete World, or rather these series of Incomplete Worlds, was obviously an extension of that. To build up an army of soldiers, soldiers that would live in accelerated time frames and be able to create all sorts of new methods to control and manipulate Force, methods that the Complete World would absorb and use to strengthen themselves as well.

It all made perfect sense... until El'Rion mentioned the Fawkes family.

The last remnants of the Fawkes? That was obviously his grandfather. But if his grandfather was the reason this simulation could even exist, then how was he related to the Dream Project? Didn't that mean that it was him and not King who was the true arbitrator?

But if his grandfather was in control of all of this... why did his father have to die? Why didn't he have more control over the situation? Why didn't he save him?

The more questions Leonel had, the more agitated he became, and the more than crimson light flickered in his eyes.

Did he have the best impression of his grandfather? Not particularly, but the reason for why was because of his choice to massacre so many for what was ultimately just convenience.

But was it still fine for him to hold this against his grandfather? He had already killed far more than the number of citizens of Earth that had died during the Metamorphosis. And quite frankly... he couldn't be bothered to care even now that he had done so.

Was it moral of him? Probably not. Did he find those people to be innocent? Also probably not. Who else would benefit from the conquering of the Human Domain if not them? And now many humans would have died to allow them such comfort?

Of course, Leonel wasn't saying that this justified his actions. Quite frankly, he couldn't be bothered to justify them, he didn't care to. They had enraged him, so they suffered the price. He didn't think any other justification was needed.

But by the same token, he could no longer blame his grandfather for the same things. Though, he still felt that killing your own for such a reason was far too ridiculous.

Now, though, he had another reason to not let go of that anger. Just what was the truth here?

He found that despite how enraged he was, he couldn't quite blame his grandfather as much as he thought he might. It was all too obvious that there were certain matters tying Emperor Fawkes' hands, and the fact that the Four Great Families were seemingly trying to interfere and ruin things for him spoke volumes on their own... Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

But that didn't mean he didn't have questions.

"You've probably already guessed the purpose of this world, and that's to both create warriors and gather resources. Incomplete Worlds are less desirable as places to live in, but they're great commodities. Many Gods even use them as a form of currency.

"The saying goes that Existence doesn't make mistakes, even the birth of Incomplete Worlds can serve their own purposes. Because of their unique structure, the Zones you know can appear, and they can 'reshuffle' reality, allowing yet unknown theories and conclusions to be drawn. Some of the most powerful existences in all of reality use Incomplete Worlds as... computers, as you might call them, calculating the best ways to improve their strength.

"One or two Incomplete Worlds might be born every... decade or so. The others are enraged because my Pluto family allocated a hundred or so to repaying this favor."