Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2225 Clicked

Leonel woke up quite slowly and casually jumped to his feet. Without much thought, he turned toward the enormous star in the distance and began to walk toward it.

The feeling was familiar. Even with the strengthening of his body, the limitations were all the same. He couldn't access his other abilities, and the only thing that seemed to respond to him was the very same Vital Star Force that was around him. But... such a thing was hardly able to stop his steps.

The avatars he faced fell down one after another, and he didn't even feel the need to lift a finger. They died beneath the rampaging of his Force, a feeling that seemed to carry a hidden sort of anger despite the fact he felt far better now than he had before.

It wasn't long before he had already crossed past the distance he had already traveled before. Of course, there were no human enemies to face this time, so the path ahead was leisurely.

He came to only a brief pause when he crossed the region he had fallen to Amery in, but that was a shadow that he had long since gotten rid of. It was no longer enough to move him so greatly.

Soon, he found himself beneath the enormous blue star. This close up, he could see that the dancing runes on its surface were unlike anything he had ever seen before. It made the runes on his Vital Stars seem insignificant and small, not just in size, but in raw complexity and even in beauty.

Leonel knew with a glance that this was most definitely past the Impetus State, it was likely even past the Life State, though he had no reference to use to make certain of this. If he fused with his Star, his greatest Force would likely no longer be his Dream Force, and it wouldn't even be his Scarlet Star Force either.

Even so, he didn't even want to think about the implications. What kind of stamina drain would it be to try and use such Force? How much focus would it take? Would forming a wisp of it suck his Dream Force dry? It was a joke to even consider it.

That said, due to the words of that man, he had felt that there was another secret stored away within [Dimensional Cleanse], and he finally understood what it was.

[Dimensional Cleanse] was a technique that he had originally chosen because he felt that it matched together with his Ability Index quite well. He had felt that it could strengthen his Dream Force, or rather Soul Force at the time, and help him upgrade his Ability Index from the C- grade Ability he had thought it to be back then.

As he continued on with his practicing of the technique, he had learned quite a lot about it. For example, the oddity of the Sixth Dimensional Layer in forming a complex Natural Force Art that could allow for the breeding of Auspicious Air, or its seemingly odd connection with Universal Force.

But after he had broken through into the Seventh Dimension, and also came to understand some things from that man's words, he understood what the true purpose of Dimensional Cleanse was.

It was a technique that used Dream Force for the sake of polishing one's other Forces. The connection with Auspicious Air, the melding with Universal Force, these were all foundational layers that could allow one to reach the ultimate goal... The Cleansing of one's Force, its refinement, and its compression into higher and higher states.

It was obvious if one thought about it... how else could it be compatible with every other technique?

That was the ultimate truth. The reason [Dimensional Cleanse] could be used along with other techniques was because it wasn't like other techniques at all... at least on the surface.

Staring at this star, and having reached the conclusions he had, Leonel had thought of a very obvious question: If Dimensional Cleanse was so free and loose with its restrictions, then why Vital Star Force?

To save someone? That's what that man seemed to imply he would have to do, but why would Vital Star Force be the best for this? If anything, of the healing Forces, Vital Star Force would probably be the worst at saving someone.

It was a type of Life Force that could only be used on the body and was useless against the mind. It also couldn't be transferred over to others, or else Leonel would have long since built a Healing Force Art around Vital Star Force instead of the Light Force he always used instead. It just didn't make any sense.

And if he took a step back and took the man's words as skeptically as he wanted to, then it made even less sense for Vital Star Force to appear here when this was obviously a technique best paired with Soul and Dream Force. Using Vital Star Force in place of it wouldn't even work.

But then Leonel thought of something.

[Star Fusion]... [Star Fusion: Combustion]... [Star Fusion: King's Might]... Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

These were three techniques, though really just one, that he had personally created. It was interesting, he had created these techniques while he was still within the Third Dimension, and he had broken through into the Fifth Dimension in this very place. And yet, despite his inexperience at the time, aside from some tweaking, he found that his [Star Fusion] technique was even more useful now than it had been in the past, and it was perfectly flexible.

But it finally clicked.

[Dimensional Cleanse] wasn't just a technique of the mind. The reason it could be paired with other techniques was because of its innate flexibility, but most importantly because it was never paired with a bodily portion...

A portion Leonel felt that he finally understood now.

The reason [Star Fusion] was so good was because when he had created it, he had been deducing the Fourth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse], a layer that was, ironically, related to the body, and also a layer that he had neglected until now.

[Star Fusion] just might be more related to [Dimensional Cleanse] than he had originally assumed.