Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had deduced something quite profound.

From the very beginning, [Dimensional Cleanse] had had three aspects. The first Three Stars were meant to be related to one's most confident Forces, the second Three related to one's body, and the last three in relation to one's mind.

Leonel had done this in an inappropriate order. His first had been formed from his mind because that was all he was thinking about when he was forming his techniques. Forming his Stars had been so easy in comparison to others that he had been able to easily skip steps that others had to worry and slave over.

But it was also precisely because of this that he had always considered [Dimensional Cleanse] as a supplemental technique, a technique that was most useful on the mind. The most shocking part was that his mind was so powerful that he often didn't use the benefits of [Dimensional Cleanse] either.

How infrequent was his use of Auspicious Air? How much time did he even spend meditating on the Natural Force Art of the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse].

The truth was almost no time at all, and that was more of a shame than anything. Now that he had put it all together, it slotted into place nicely, and everything seemed to make perfect sense.

From the Third Dimensional Layer that laid the foundation of the Force, to the Fourth Dimensional Layer that laid the foundation of the body, to the Fifth Dimensional Layer that opened up one's mind and made it sharper, faster, to the Sixth Dimensional Layer that opened one up to the universe, linking one with Universal Force and forging a path that transcended the God Path... Forming the Universal Path...

To the Seventh Dimensional Layer that finally stood tall upon this foundation, linked them all as one, and began to unearth the truest, deepest secrets of [Dimensional Cleanse].

[Dimensional Cleanse] was exactly what it sounded like; it was always a cleansing technique, one that existed even beyond the scope of Cleansing Waters. Using your Stars as a foundation, and the Universe as a cauldron, one could refine not just one's body, but one's very existence toward the limit of perfection.

To make a complicated matter simple, the problem of humans and their fused souls could be fixed by [Dimensional Cleanse]. Not only could you break free of the restrictions, but with enough effort, you could even transcend your original limits.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Many months ago, when Leonel had spoken with Little Nana's elder brother, he had said that the reason the Four Great Families hid the matter of Force Manipulation from "lessers" was so that they could maintain control. If one had enough comprehension, it would be possible to break free of talent constraints, so they had to keep the restrictions in place...

But even when he had said that, he hadn't thought that the changes that one could make were actually so substantial.

Not only were they substantial, but just understanding a portion of them would be enough for Leonel to free Little Tolly. Hidden deep within the enigma that was [Dimensional Cleanse], there was a foundation that allowed the soul to not only separate from the body but one that allowed the soul to be used as a foundation to refine the body into a more perfect state as well.

What better technique was there to accomplish his goal?

Almost the instant his Force blazed to life, he could already sense Little Tolly within. He and Little Tolly had a strong connection with each other. Maybe if it had been another existence, it wouldn't have come so naturally, but for his Metal Spirit, it came as easily as breathing.

'COME!'

Leonel found Little Tolly and pulled hard, but very quickly his expression changed. Something was wrong; Little Tolly was fighting back against him.

Leonel's heart couldn't help but skip a beat. This creature was quickly waking up quicker and quicker; if he couldn't separate Little Tolly and use its momentary daze to kill it, he would definitely die here. He didn't know what this creature was, but it was beyond his understanding, and he didn't have a way of facing it.

It would be fine to continue to let Little Tolly control it if the little one was of its right mind, but very clearly, his Metal Spirit wasn't on his side right now.

Leonel took a breath and exhaled. 'There's only... [Assimilate]!'

Leonel had never tried to use this one two living existences right now, but he thought that since they were already of one body, it had a great chance of working. But, there was immediately bad news. Well... Good news and bad news.

The good news was that it had worked.

The bad news was that it had worked far too well.

His Dream Force was sucked dry in an instant, and he almost directly passed out, even his hair and eyes completely dimmed from a vibrant pale violet to a sickly, flat white.

'How?!'

Leonel's expression changed. The only explanation was that this creature he was trying to forcefully [Assimilate] to Little Tolly was far beyond him. In fact, saying things like that didn't quite do it justice. He even vaguely felt that this creature had to be close to the level of the Void Beast corpse, if not on its level.

Leonel's gaze sharpened. 'In that case...'

Face pale and breathing haggard, Leonel began to move again. He truly hadn't been bluffing when he said that he could give Little Blackstar the strength of the Void Beast, and now it seemed that he would have to prove it.

With a wave of the hand, an illusory Force Art appeared, so large and all-encompassing that it looked like a twinkling starry sky within the waving tentacles of white gold.

This formation was none other than the Dream Star Gathering Beast Formation. It was a formation that Leonel had exchanged for the sake of passing on Force Mantras to Little Blackstar and any other beasts he might rein under his control. It was meant as a shortcut to help elevate beasts past their usual talent as they couldn't just learn like humans did.

But how could such a formation be useful in the current situation?

Especially when the beast beneath Leonel's feet now was a legendary beast more rarely seen than even the mighty Void Beast...

The Infinity Beast.