Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2230 Harmony

Leonel's gaze flickered again and again as it danced across the floating runes. Part of his senses were focused on Little Tolly, just in case the little guy still felt that it was necessary to attack him, but outside of that, he was entirely focused.

Right now, his Vital Star Force was the weakest of his Force, most probably. Even his Void Star Force was able to keep up because he could use it as a reflection of his Scarlet Star Force. It hadn't even stepped out of the Unfurled State in, and that was quite pathetic.

If his Vital Star Force was at the same level as his Spear Force, for example, just the strength of the lowest level of his [Star Fusion] technique would be hundreds of times more powerful, and by extension, his Divine Armors would be as well.

Honestly, even that might still be an underestimation. The potential of [Star Fusion] was probably beyond what he knew it to be now that he could subtly feel its connection with [Dimensional Cleanse]. They could feed into one another and he could use it to strengthen himself far more with [Dimensional Cleanse] as a foundation.

That said, the importance of Vital Star Force was beyond just this alone. If Leonel was correct about the true purpose of [Dimensional Cleanse], then it along with his Dream Force would be the foundation upon which he brought his body beyond its current level and shed past the original weakness of the Human Race.

This was more important for Leonel now than it ever had been, especially since he had learned who his supposed grandmother was.

Someone had messed with his uncle, this was one of the few things he was able to recall from his experience as his enlightened self. It was also possible that someone had messed with him as well, though he wasn't certain.

What he did know was that the reason he was only able to spend such a short amount of time in that enlightened state was for one reason only: his body could handle the strength of his soul.

This made sense because he was a human. What didn't make sense was how such a soul was born into such a weak body in the first place, and the answer to that question was exactly why he felt that someone had potentially messed with him just like they had his uncle.

Thinking back to how his father had also placed some sort of seal on him, Leonel felt that this matter likely still wasn't as simple as he thought. But he didn't want to waste time asking the dictionary questions now. There would always be time for that. His only goal right now was to increase the State of his Vital Star Force.

His body shook and his eyes blazed with a blue light that calmed quickly.

'First Layer...' he mumbled to himself before focusing once again instantaneously.

His mind split countless ways, analyzing each one of the rules one by one, splicing them together and forming a complete picture. The more he did this, the more the back of his mind rumbled with a certain thought...

This feeling, wasn't it similar to his current Mage Core? Those branches, those leaves, each one adorned with a partial rune, separate, and yet whole. It was quite a fascinating feeling.

Second Layer...

Leonel's progress sped up as an Auspicious Air formed around him. [Dimensional Cleanse] was actively aiding him in comprehending faster and faster, and in a reverse sort of scenario from what he had expected, comprehending seemed to get easier rather than harder.

Then it clicked.

While he was analyzing all of these runes one by one and piecing together the ones that made sense, he was also discarding many of them at the same time. The ones that he discarded didn't just vanish from his memory, they were recycled and then used again when it made sense.

'Recycled and then used again...'

The words reminded Leonel of nature, of how the death of one being could easily become the fuel for another, a fertilizer of the earth... a fertilizer that could grow plant life, sustain wildlife, to give... trees life.

Within Leonel's Ethereal Glabella, and ancient tree with rainbow colored leaves stood at the center of it all, looking as though it held up both the skies and the ten Stars that surrounded it. It was gorgeous, and looked like a being that existed beyond imperfection, beyond stain and impurity.

A gentle wind blew by and its leaves lifted, rustling. This common feature of nature came with a gorgeous sound, a resonance that could enlighten buddha and force devils to turn over a new leaf. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Beautiful in its bearing, simple in its grace, peaceful in its presence.

Leonel's own hair seemed to rise up and the complex Force Arts of [Dimensional Cleanse] began to grow as well.

For as long as he could remember, the Natural Force Art that he had formed at the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] had been buried within the soil. It didn't seem to matter to him as where it was was hardly relevant...

Until now.

The Magic System of Camelot and [Dimensional Cleanse] seemed to fuse into a single being. Leonel didn't know how to describe it, but as the skies of his Ethereal Glabella fell into darkness, and then slowly brightened, only to fall into brightness once more and continue to cycle, but it felt as though his Ethereal Glabella had reached a state of absolute harmony...

As though a collection of images had become one beautiful painting, perfect and whole.

His hair gently waved in this mysterious wind and the undersides of their filaments radiated with a familiar rainbow color.

The speed of his deduction became even faster and he slid into the Third Layer, and then soon the Fourth.

By the time the last of the sparkling runes had vanished, he stood at the Quasi Impetus State, his body thrumming in harmony.