Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2233 Mistake

"... This ... Zone seems to be related to a so-called Silver Empire. It's facing destruction at the hand of outside forces. It seems that you were given my body because these forces include those from outside of this Incomplete World."

Leonel's gaze narrowed. When he realized what this meant, he almost smiled a bit bitterly as well.

These so-called "outside forces" could only be those from the Cataclysm Zone. Compared to the Pluto Race members, what were they worth? Had Leonel been able to keep El'Rion's body, this Zone wouldn't have been able to be any easier, it might even be the easiest Zone he had ever completed.

That said, there was no going back, and the matter also wasn't as simple as it seemed either. That's because without El'Rion, he wouldn't be able to understand this Zone so easily. He had gained El'Rion's body, not his memories, so he hadn't even known that a treasure as valuable as The Hourglass had been on him, he couldn't remember El'Rion holding any spatial treasures. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Setting aside those feelings, this explanation didn't feel complete, and there were too many questions. Was he supposed to save the Silver Empire? But with how real this Zone felt, wouldn't that change the timeline of the future? Or was the goal something else entirely?

"The Silver Empire is meant to be destroyed, but there is a tablet that you must recover before it can be. From my understanding, your... future wife is currently the Emperor, while your mother is the current leader of a family that goes by the Luxnix, she is called... Northern Star Order."

Leonel frowned.

Northern Star Order was one of the Hegemonic Titles of the Luxnix. Northern Star Order, Wise Star Order, and Snow Star Order, these three represented great things. The problem was that according to Wise Star order, there had only ever been one Northern Star Order in the history of the Luxnix, the rest having all been fabrications by him, all 13 of them.

Knowing this, the problem was obvious.

That one Northern Star Order should be his grandmother. His grandmother was old, but she wasn't this old. This timeline at best should be around the time Wise Star Order was born, at worst it was a generation before even Wise Star Order's father was born.

From Leonel's understanding, Northern Star Order should have been one of the very first Luxnix, so this didn't make any sense either. The only explanation was that Wise Star Order didn't even understand his own family's history, or... that old man had tried to con him again.

Now that he thought about it, basically everything he knew about Luxnix family history was told to him by that con man. But even worse than that, even if he had gone to the family record directly, Wise Star Order had already manipulated them so that it would appear as though 13 Northern Star Orders had appeared in their history, effectively weakening his grandmother's influence on the family. Why wouldn't he have altered everything else?

This was why Leonel hadn't even bothered to double-check. There was nothing to double-check against... until now.

Wise Star Order was an ambitious man, and it wasn't easy to whittle that ambition down with just a few chains. He was a man who had experienced countless years and generations, he had even survived in the Spiritual Domain, his patience was far greater than Leonel knew.

At the same time, though, the current Leonel wasn't the same Leonel of the past. Wise Star Order couldn't think faster than any longer, and even without his father's protections, he could kill Wise Star Order him...

Leone's thought came to a halt.

His father's death had taken quite a toll on him, and it had also exposed the fact that he was a far more caring man than Leonel knew, but that didn't change the fact that his old man was very particular about the kind of help he gave him.

Even when he was in the Rapax Nest, his father hadn't done anything to help him, and there had been countless Seventh Dimensional experts present. It could even be said that Velasco had made the situation worse. Because Velasco had appeared and killed all the Scholars, the Rapax Elders were freed from their battles and were able to close in on Leonel and the others.

Of course, in the end, they did so to reward Leonel with the black rod, but that could have very well ended badly.

If Velasco's glasses had told Leonel anything, it was that while his old man was soft at heart, he was hard in his actions. He wouldn't help Leonel with such a thing... unless he had to.

Back then, Wise Star Order had run circles around Leonel. Speed of thought or not, Leonel wasn't a fool, but he felt like a toddler. Could Wise Star Order be stronger than he knew?

And what was his purpose, exactly? Why did he feel the need to hide the history of the Luxnix?

And also, beyond that, his grandfather and his grandmother... Emperor Fawkes didn't seem like the type to randomly fall in love. As cruel as it sounded, Leonel had believed his grandmother to be a pawn in his grandfather's schemes for as long as he couldn't remember.

But at the same time, his grandfather seemed to be restricted to staying within Earth's territory. How had he even met his grandmother? And if he could leave Earth for a price, then why did he insist on paying it to meet his grandmother?

As Leonel was lost in thought, thinking of countless possibilities, he suddenly realized that El'Rion had fallen into silence despite not having explained everything quite yet. He looked over toward the young boy to see that his expression was actually quite solemn.

It wasn't a normal solemn, it was the kind that only appeared when one felt that they had made a mistake, a huge mistake... a mistake they couldn't reverse easily, a mistake they'd have to stay true to toward its ends.

And that expression had come right after mentioning the Luxnix family.