Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2234 The God Beasts

Leonel didn't say anything, but he felt that he should have known after seeing that enormous Void Beast corpse in the skies, ridden by a race of beings he couldn't even fathom until this very moment.

It was easy for Leonel to ignore the legends of the Void Beast because this world was so weak. Even a reasonable person could conclude that the Void Beast and Infinity Beasts were only legends in this Incomplete World.

However, what was becoming clearer and clearer to Leonel was that... if not for the appearance of the Pluto Race, leading to the appearance of the Void Race and their corpse battleship, this Incomplete World wouldn't even know about these questions.

This wasn't the only matter to consider either. The Luxnix family was a mere Sixth Dimensional family in his eyes. Although they had gotten stronger after his grandmother's return to the Fawkes family, they were still subordinate to the Fawkes. Even though they only had the lowest level of the light side of the Northern Star Lineage Factor, why would he assume that they had the capability to have access to anything at this unconscionable level?

Suddenly, Leonel's pupils constricted.

Who had told him about the highest levels of the Northern Star Lineage Factor? Wasn't it Wise Star Order? He wouldn't have even known otherwise.

The more Leonel thought about it, the more he felt that something was off.

El'Rion suddenly opened his mouth. Just when Leonel thought English would come out just like it had every time before, a language that sounded like the roar of dragons, with punctuation akin to claps of thunder, came out instead.

Leonel felt his eardrums burst and begin to bleed, but he didn't cover them, even circulating his Force so that he could heal them and hear more.

It only lasted a brief few seconds, but El'Rion turned to Leonel soon after. "I will go with you."

Leonel's gaze narrowed. It seemed that his previous assumption was incorrect. If El'Rion insisted on coming then his thoughts that this would be an easy matter with him wouldn't be even remotely true. It seemed that there were no cheat codes to Eighth Dimensional Zones.

"Are you going to tell me why? Or are you going to just do as you please?"

"This isn't a simple matter to explain," El'Rion said, somewhat exasperatedly.

"You seem far too concerned for someone with that hourglass on you."

"That isn't "that hourglass" it's "THE Hourglass"," this distinction seemed very important to Pluto Race boy who was growing more agitated by the second. "Also, that item can't be used as freely as you think."

"You used it on me just fine."

"You're insignificant. The ties of Karma and the wear of time and space are almost non-existent on you. The more prominent the target, the deeper the Folds of Reality, the more effort it would take. Judging by what I've understood, it would take one of my seniors coming for The Hourglass to still be effective."

"And are they?" Leonel didn't react as though he cared about Pluto's slander at all. He was far more interested in the answer to this question.

"No, we've already paid too high a price for this. It's up to me."

"And me," Leonel added, in a playful mood. The more agitated he saw this Pluto boy, the funnier he thought it was.

El'Rion looked at him as though he might try to strangle a chicken. He was really running out of rope to give. He knew that Leonel was doing it on purpose, but that didn't make it any easier to deal with. Maybe God Races were too prideful to use such tactics, but he had never met a person with such a foul mouth before.

He still didn't know how Leonel seemed to have changed on a dime, but he didn't have time to think about it.

"Just come," he eventually said, placing a large hand on Leonel's shoulder and taking out The Hourglass.

Leonel didn't resist, but he still raised an eyebrow. "You're obviously taking me because you need me, if not you would have already left. So are you going to ruin your chances by not telling me what's going on?"

El'Rion's jaw set as the two vanished into thin air.

Leonel didn't ask again. He understood people quite well, even if they were God Race beings. He only needed to say it once and then let enough time pass by that El'Rion could pretend that it was his idea to explain.

Sure enough, the explanation came.

"You don't know why the God Races exists. The management of the formation of worlds is something that's done out of necessity, not out of a will for power. There's only a limited amount of resources that Existence can provide. Worlds need to die off, and you can't allow too many Worlds to sprout up in their place.

"Before the God Races, there were the God Beasts. They were the embodiment of Creation and Destruction, and they were able to keep the balance. Though, they were also at constant war. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"This was the natural path of evolution, a path that Existence allowed to occur. But for reasons unknown... Existence also tends toward chaos, towards disorder, towards death... Due to this, the God Beast of Creation has always been at a disadvantage.

"The greatest embodiment of this disadvantage are... The Regulators.

"They're born with every World and their responsibility is only to make sure that a cap of power is never exceeded and the rules of practice are followed. However, the problem is that they work using the very same Force that the God Beasts of Destruction use... Anarchic Force.

"The more Regulators do their job, the more Anarchic Force a World is filled with, and the closer to death it approaches. Eventually, a balance will be tipped once the concentration of Anarchic Force reaches a certain stage. At that point, just as quickly, a world will die, like a house of cards...

"If things continued like this, the God Beasts of Destruction would eventually win, but the process would be slow, too slow for them. The God Beasts of Destruction were not known for their patience. So, they created henchmen, henchmen that shared a small portion of their Bloodlines to spread chaos to the worlds."