Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2235 The Northern Star

Leonel's pupils constricted. He could tell what El'Rion was getting at immediately.

He had only reacted like that after he mentioned the Luxnix family, and it was the Luxnix family that had access to the Northern Star Lineage Factor, the very Lineage Factor that ended in the Void Beast and the Infinity Beast, or in other words... the God Beast of Destruction and the God Beast of Creation.

The so-called henchmen of the Void Beasts had to be those of the dark side of the Northern Star Lineage Factor, that was the only conclusion. And sure enough...

"The God Beasts of Destruction realized a problem, though. Their bloodlines were far too powerful. Even the current God Races couldn't take them without dying agonizing, slow deaths. So they took a different approach, splitting the aspects of their Bloodlines into five pieces and building them up like stepping ladders.

"They created a legion of beasts, the Shadow Tail, the Dusky Steel Bat, the Aurora Black Panda, the Crimson Clawed Ape and the Death Pulse Deer... Each one took up a position in the armies of the God Beasts of Destruction and they were powerful. They were enormous beasts with wings that could crush the planets of this Incomplete World of yours and claws that could sever Stars into countless pieces.

"In the beginning, the God Beasts of Destruction felt that this would be enough. Their envoys were more powerful than they thought they'd be, and far more helpful as well, so it no longer seemed necessary to pass down their bloodline. They were haughty creatures to begin with, impatient, disdainful, and arrogant, if they didn't have to share their bloodlines, they wouldn't.

"But the God Beasts of Creation didn't roll over. Seeing the state of things and how the God Beasts of Destruction were acting, they realized that they could fight back in the same way, and it might even give them a chance at reversing the tide. So... they created their own Beast Envoys.

"The Snowy Star Owl, the White Stone Elephant, the Starry Tailed Fox, the Twinkling Light Bear... the Golden Tiger.

"The God Beasts of Destruction were on their back foot. Their Beast Envoys were incredibly powerful, but they couldn't compare to the Beast Envoys of the God Beasts of Creation. After all, they were beasts of destruction and chaos, how could they compare to God Beasts of Creation in... creating?

"Having given the God Beasts of Creation such an idea, the God Beasts of Destruction regretted their action, but it was already far too late to reverse things. At the same time, the God Beasts of Creation felt that they could seal things, to put a final nail in the coffin, to finally end things, so... they did what the God Beasts of Destruction couldn't and passed down their Bloodline.

"At first, they looked through the various God Races, or what they had once been, and realized that they couldn't do what needed to be done, and neither could the others, but interestingly enough, there was one race that was able to do so... and an unexpected race...

"The Human Race."

Leonel fell into silence, he knew that there was much more to this story and that El'Rion was far from finished, but his mind couldn't help but spin at a thousand miles an hour. It was suffocating the number of questions he had.

"The Human Race is born with a birth defect, but it's also that defect that allowed them to take on the power of the God Beasts of Creation. Their souls are born fused to their bodies, but this also makes it so that there's only one variable to consider from start to finish, as you change their bodies, you can easily change their souls at the same time given that you have enough power.

"Like this, one of the weakest races of Existence gained maybe the greatest power and Existence gained itself prosperity... a golden age the likes of which had never been seen before and would likely never be seen again.

"Unfortunately... this didn't last."

El'Rion fell into silence, looking toward Leonel with a darker expression than usual. Luckily, his rationality seemed to win over and he managed to calm himself. As for what his rationale was telling him, Leonel could guess by the way the story was going.

It seemed that the palpable disdain of the human race didn't just come from their weakness. He had vaguely felt that Shan'Rae's vitriol whenever she spat out the word human was much deeper than it seemed to be on the surface, but even when he realized this, he just chuckled.

What was this? A cliché line about how corruptible humans were and how much better other races were in comparison?

What a joke. How about they be granted infinite power first and see how they dealt with it. From what he could see, these God Races weren't much better. An entity that attacked his junior out of rage... what high horse did they have to sit on, exactly?

"As I said, Existence tends towards chaos, it's just a simple rule of law. Absolute Chaos must be formed first before everything can return to step one. The more energy Existence expends, the closer toward death it grows. Existence is the only Immortal in all of reality... Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"The pressure of the golden age wasn't missed by Existence, but it did nothing, it could do nothing. Existence isn't an entity, it's simply an arbitrator of rules, and the God Beasts of Creation didn't break any rules, they simply followed their instinct. In fact, they did exactly as they were meant to and created...

"But, as Existence is the only Immortal, it is also the only infallible being in all of reality as well. They went overboard, spreading too much wealth and prosperity. Existence was quickly becoming overwhelmed and worlds began to collapse. Death and destruction spread ironically without even the God Beasts of Destruction doing a single thing.

"And that was when it appeared...

"The Northern Star."