Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2237 Timeless Event

Leonel frowned. There was something obvious that he was missing, and that was El'Rion's reaction. Since he had reacted so violently, and even insisted on joining himself, then it likely meant that he would do something about this and they weren't ignoring the problem. But... Wasn't this too nonchalant? If this was such a big matter, why were the Pluto sending a junior? Something was off here; he was missing large bits of information.

"If this matter is so important, why are they sending you?" Leonel asked.

El'Rion looked slightly offended when he heard this, but he quickly settled down.

"You don't understand."

"So politics," Leonel answered simply, and El'Rion seemed to be quite embarrassed because Leonel's answer was spot on, so much so that he didn't even want to continue explaining. But, in the end, his better judgement won out.

"There are many factions among the God Race, each one with different thoughts on how to deal with this situation. Most believe that passivism is the best choice. The last time the scales were tipped, the timeline toward destruction was accelerated."

Leonel nodded. The "good guys" won, and instead of that being a win, it ended up being a loss. And obviously, they couldn't side with the "bad guys" or else they'd just be shooting themselves in the foot. Indeed, it did sound best to just sit back and ignore everything, hoping that the natural path of balance would extend their lives for the longest. But this... also seemed quite defeatist, no? The mighty God Races were just waiting for their deaths? It was almost amusing.

Then again, maybe they were just like humans. El'Rion had said that the only Immortal in all of reality was Existence itself. That meant that even these "Gods" had finite lifespans. Maybe they felt that they would long be dead by the time the Northern Star was the only Star in the sky, it would be someone else's problem by then. They just wanted to hold onto the power they had for now.

As expected, El'Rion's expression was quite dark when he said this. Clearly, he wasn't resigned to this sort of Fate either. Leonel found it to be a bit cute. Then he felt that maybe he was being a bit too nonchalant about this. He didn't know why, but he couldn't quite drum up the momentum to... give a damn.

El'Rion took a breath, steadying himself. He really was all over the place today; just what was happening to him? He was better than this.

"... Their thoughts have some logic to it. The humans that could reach the highest realms of the Northern Star Lineage Factor all died in the war. Those that are left can at most reach the level of the highest envoys, but those bloodlines within humans are far weaker than they would be in the real deal. This is also true for the God Beast of Creation and Destruction as well, but even a fraction of their power was enough to place humans on the same level as us God Races. Well, at least near the middle levels of us God Races."

Leonel thought about the visions of those massive beasts he had seen whenever he progressed his Lineage Factor, and then he thought about the power he had in comparison to that, and he couldn't help but nod to himself.

The Snowy Star Owl he had seen when he awakened his Lineage Factor initially had been able to cross an entire galaxy with a single flap of its wings. The Dusky Steel Bat could envelop a planet with its wings. But in Leonel's eyes, they were "mere" Sixth Dimensional and Seventh Dimensional Lineage Factors, they weren't even worth much in this Incomplete World, let alone in the outside world.

So staying hands off... made sense. Their existences were inconsequential while they risked the end of everything if they interfered with the wrong matter.

Seeing Leonel be so amused with himself, El'Rion gave him a glance.

"There is also a minority faction who think the best thing to do to remain neutral is to eradicate all humans from the face of Existence."

El'Rion unfortunately didn't get the response he wanted out of this.

"Let me guess, the Void Race?" Leonel asked with a laugh.

El'Rion's gaze flickered. "... No."

"Oh?" Leonel responded, seemingly somewhat surprised, but not really. He felt that a Void Race wanting to commit mass genocide was too on the nose.

"-They're even more extreme. They believe that the best way to extend the life of Existence is to erase most of the Worlds that remain. If there's a second faction after those that want to remain perfectly neutral, it's them. That's because the Void Race had evolved into a Race that seemed to have an ability that might be able to... reset Existence."

Leonel raised an eyebrow.

"You saw it. They can destroy worlds and absorb them into their being. Just this action alone maintains the balance exactly as is. Every time a world is about to be destroyed, one of their Ancestors absorbs it instead. That action hides the destruction from the Northern Star and everything remains the same. The Northern Star hasn't moved any closer in the last at least several generations." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel chuckled. Wasn't there an obvious weakness to this "solution"? What happened when one of their Ancestors died? The worlds they had absorbed would surely be noticed by the Northern Star then, at that point it would just be delaying the inevitable.

"You seem to have thought of the problem as well, but they feel that they can find a solution, it's just that their Ancestors haven't grown powerful enough yet to break through that final barrier, to exceed the limits of the... Ninth Dimension. They want to sacrifice as many worlds as they need to toward that end."

Once again, El'Rion didn't receive the response he wanted.

"So they want to be the universe's janitor, how noble of them."

El'Rion was truly speechless this time. He really didn't know how to deal with this man.

"You still haven't told me, though," Leonel changed the subject. "What's got you so agitated this time?"

"... There's a Timeless Event that's about to begin."

"Timeless Event?"

"It's an event that will occur no matter what changes in the past or the future."