Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2238 Why Bother?

"A Timeless Event, huh..." Leonel said softly.

"Timeless Events usually happen when the Northern Star reached a new stage. Existence won't allow anyone to reverse such a thing, or more accurately, it's impossible to reverse. The one thing that can't be fought against is Existence itself. And this time..."

El'Rion came to a stop. The stream of stars and galaxies that had been blowing by them came to a stop, and they stood above a familiar huddle of three planets, but they were much different than what Leonel remembered.

The Three Pillar Sector was the home of the Luxnix family and two others, namely the Viola and Montex. The other two seemed to be irrelevant to the matter at hand, but Leonel still kept their names in the back of his mind because he felt that none of this was as it seemed.

If all of this was really a scheme of Wise Star Order, then in all likelihood, everything had been done for a very specific purpose. Of course, Wise Star Order was also a master at sleight of hand and could very easily make him focus on something that he shouldn't be focused on at all, but his mind now was on a completely different level than it usually was. He wouldn't be tricked so easily.

In the past, the three planets were in a perfect sort of harmony. One golden with swirling white clouds, another violet with dark hues of black, and the final with countless mountainous regions that could even be seen from the depths of space.

Today, this territory was that of the Silver Empire, and the planets didn't look like what he remembered at all.

"This Force, how can it be here?" El'Rion's expression changed once more. "I've made a mistake, I shouldn't have come so casually. This really isn't something that I should interfere in."

El'Rion's expression settled down, and his words came out in a calm and calculated analysis. He had clearly seen something that he didn't like in the slightest and wanted to back out as soon as he could.

Leonel didn't say anything. He felt that he understood what El'Rion was trying to get at, or more accurately, he seemed to have instantly understood what Force he was talking about. A spark went off through his Dreamscape and it all pointed toward a single person... Rychard of the Viola family and his Violet Force.

And if that was the case, it explained everything he was seeing below.

It was like he had been transported back to the 19th century Earth. There were billowing columns of black fumes, projected out from factories that looked as though they had been pulled out straight from a black and white movie.

Workers moved around like slaves, transporting things in and out of these large factors that took up all three planets. They seemed to cover every inch except for a single patch on the former Planet Luxnix, or rather soon to be. This patch was vibrant with greenery and a river of... Violet.

This violet, though... he felt something far different from it. Even when Rychard used that Force, he didn't feel moved. But now, he felt a great amount of danger.

If he had been there when Rychard lamented his Lineage Factor, maybe he would have understood somewhat...

Rychard had said that it felt like someone had played a sick joke on his family, giving them a power that they couldn't make proper use of at all. It was like a tumor within their soul, leeching away their lives with every passing moment. It was a truly devastating chain to be burdened with.

Leonel's smile faded, and the coldness of his gaze returned. He still didn't understand what was going on, but there was one person who could give him an answer. He looked within the Segmented Cube.

He probably should have expected it. The script practically wrote itself.

Wise Star Order was nowhere to be found.

In fact, if Leonel thought back, he had been nowhere to be seen ever since his father died, he just hadn't bothered to take note of it because he didn't care. And why would he need to appear at all? If this was a Timeless Event, then that meant that he didn't need to put his hand on the scale anymore, he had already done his job and victory was his.

"You shouldn't have come at all if you thought it was a Timeless Event," Leonel said casually.

El'Rion froze, but he didn't know how to respond to that. Indeed, he was far too impulsive. What could he do to change a Timeless Event? Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"No..." he said, somewhat forced. "Timeless Events are variable in that no one knows exactly what aspect of them definitely has to happen and what parts can be tweaked. A bomb might have to explode and kill many people, but the word many might be variable. It could be that only a select combination of people have to die, while the rest can be saved."

"You made resurrecting people sound like it was impossible, but now you want to save people who should die?" Leonel asked blandly. He didn't seem to be accusing El'Rion because he had never taken his words seriously in the first place.

"You... are a truly aggravating individual."

"Thank you," Leonel said. "Now can you tell me what this supposed Timeless Event is?"

"... Soon, many citizens of this Silver Empire will be gathered up and slaughtered for their... parts. They'll be brought to this factory and will be refined, and it will be allowed because they are... demons."

"Sounds simple enough to stop, just destroy the factories."

"What about TIMELESS EVENT do you not understand?!" El'Rion's voice nearly came out in that dragon's roar once again. "If we destroy these factories, they'll come up with another method, a different approach, a different path that leads to the same thing."

Leonel smiled. "Then tell me again. Why did you bother coming?"

El'Rion saw red and suddenly punched out at Leonel, his fist carrying the weight of worlds. He had completely forgotten to hold back.