Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2240 Crushed Slowly

Leonel didn't spare the time to think about what relation Shield Cross Stars might have to this matter, nor did he think about how this might be tied to the Timeless Event. His body moved on its own, and his speed was blazing.

Why should he be surprised? It was a deduction he felt was obvious, even though he had never thought about it too clearly, especially after he had decided to crush the Human Domain. After he had thwarted the plan of "God" and the Bishop, then continued to do so once again in the Camelot Zone, he had offended a mysterious organization. Then, not long afterward, Shield Cross Stars targeted him, leading him to become a Fugitive.

Could there even be such a coincidence in this world?

He could feel his Mage Core rip Force from the surroundings, forcing the Spatial Force to bow in obedience as he crossed into the flying space of the Starship instantly.

Those of Shield Cross Stars didn't expect to suddenly be attacked like this. Their flags were flying high, and who of the Human Domain didn't know of their standing? Such a standing had only solidified further after they had crushed the Silver Empire beneath their boots. Who still dared to attack them?

"Spatial Force user! Deploy the barriers!"

Cross Elder Avan had yet to be born yet, maybe even his grandfather hadn't even been born yet. This current mission was being led by a certain Cross Elder Cristal, a woman built like a behemoth, standing with hulking shoulders and an even fiercer face. The way the patented metallic skirt of Shield Cross Stars swayed between her legs beneath the forceful nature of her Force made it seem as though it was made of silk rather than metal.

She spotted Leonel with a sharp gaze. Although she could tell that Leonel was only in the Seventh Dimension, she felt that something was off about this matter. While it was possible that he was a straggling member of the Silver Empire taking a long shot at revenge, having lost his head to fury, anyone who knew Cross Elder Cristal knew that she did everything by the book.

Even though she could crush a Seventh Dimensional expert with a single look, she still forced them to deploy the shield, solidifying the Spatial Force in the region and ripping away what she thought was Leonel's greatest advantage. But soon enough, she realized that her caution actually wasn't enough.

At that moment, the pull of Leonel's Mage Core surged and shredded the barriers apart. The restrictions that had once been able to hold him in place were torn apart, fueling his Spatial Force further and allowing him to jump forward even faster.

Cross Elder Cristal's eyes narrowed. The defensive barrier was already up, so one could say that by deploying a spatial lock she was doing far more than was necessary. This wasn't a Tier 2 Starship like the ones in Leonel's possession; this was a tried and true Tier 1 Starship. Its power wasn't just a small bit greater, and its size was at least that of ten planets.

"Ready the cannons."

Another crew might have questioned why their commander was taking things so seriously, but this group had long since learned that questioning Cristal was a quick path to death. They aimed the cannons that could kill even Overlords with a single stroke toward the swiftly approaching Seventh Dimensional expert, already ready to fire.

"Fire."

Leonel vanished. He appeared before the defensive barrier, his hand stretching out. Under the astonished gazes of the crew and the almighty Cross Elder, the barrier crumbled beneath Leonel's palm as though it was nothing more than ash in the wind.

Leonel's current Craftsmanship was on a level even Life Grade Crafters couldn't fathom. If he still allowed this sort of barrier to stop him, creating as the peak technology of a race not even capable of being at the peak of an Incomplete World, what breakthroughs he had made would only be worthless. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

With a step, Leonel crossed the shattered motes of light, a sort of deathly beauty surrounding him as his spear appeared in his hands and his third-tier armor surrounded him.

"Morales?!" Cross Elder Cristal barked. "State your name! How dare the Morales interfere in the matters of Shield Cross Stars?!"

Leonel's abilities weren't exactly like she remembered the Morales to be, and she had also never seen a Morales without dark hair and eyes, but it was also hard to deny what she was seeing before her. She instantly decided to probe to see if she was correct about her assumption, but all she got in return was a blade.

No. it wasn't a blade. It was a raging tornado of swirling Spear Force.

Cross Elder Cristal went pale. When had the Morales produced a spearman with this level of skill? She didn't even realize that she had already forgotten that Leonel was only in the Seventh Dimension.

The Spear Force didn't even touch her, but the instant it vanished, her subordinates fell to the deck one after another, and Leonel had already crossed by her, vanishing into the ship.

She was violently shaken awake. "ALERT!"

Leonel, who had already entered the ship, found that all the high lights were turned off, replaced by flashing, deep rouge warning lights, supplemented by a blaring sound that made the ears want to scream.

To his back, he sensed an oppressive aura pressing down on him.

His Spatial Force felt more useless in this place than anywhere else. The best barrier was dense Force of all kinds, it made it unstable to teleport anywhere, and unfortunately, the walls of this Starship were flooded with Force pouring in from the core. Leonel could only run the normal way, and obviously, he couldn't outpace an Ancestor.

But he could outsmart one.

His gaze flickered with a dense cold light as his stance shifted, dodging out of the way of a strike coming from his back and cutting a corner.

He understood this ship like the back of his hand, and he had a feeling that even this Cross Elder wasn't intimately familiar with this maze-like ship.

At the same time, this Ancestor couldn't attack with her full force for fear of injuring her companions.

He would crush her slowly.