Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2242 Danger

Leonel raised up his hand, his Mage Core flaring as he roared.

If he left things like this, then he and everyone else on this ship would die. Throwing someone into the Fusion Core wasn't enough to set it off, it was designed to be far more stable than that and the entire ship was built around this design. However, a rampaging Ancestor trying to save her own life was a completely different matter entirely.

But he was prepared.

The moment he had scanned through the ship, he had already been ready to deal with this particular outcome as he had already deduced that this would be the easiest method he could use to deal with an Ancestor.

While it was true that he had improved greatly, it wasn't enough to close this sort of gap. He could now read and react to Ancestors, but if he wanted to deal a death blow to them, he could only rely on this sort of method.

His Dream Force flourished, rushing into the channels of Force Arts that maintained the Fusion Core and solidifying them. He roared as he poured 90% of his Force into the closest lines and then began modifying those on the outside, morphing their structures and forcing them into more and more powerful states. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The explosion was suddenly contained.

Heat blasted into Leonel's body, threatening to rip him to pieces. But once again, this was what he feared the least. A wide grin spread across his face, he had gained a Tier 1 Starship so cheaply. He had already improved enough to modify the Tier 2 Starship, but now this would be yet another boon. He really wanted to see who would be able to stand up to his fleet of improved Starships.

He could see Cristal's face as she continued to struggle. Her armor had already melted, pouring over her skin and melding into her bone. Her limbs had vanished as she focused all of her Force into the most important organs of her body and her head, and this woman actually continued to roar. If nothing else, she was a fighter.

'Your soul will do me nicely.'

BOOM!

Cristal vanished, burned to ash and the Fusion Core collapsing under her might, only to be reined in by Leonel's own.

The starship rumbled and dimmed, its power constructs fading as the channels were interrupted. It tipped over, but it continued to stay in the skies. The real problem was that without its protective force fields, its effect on gravity was immense, and instead of it falling toward the planets... it was instead the planets that began to be pulled toward it.

Leonel's gaze flickered. He had been forced to disrupt the channels so that he could stabilize the core. He knew this would happen but... one problem at a time, right?

He had to re-establish the channels and that would take time. By then, the planets below would be ripped out of their usual alignment. Although he was confident in succeeding before they came crashing into the ship, it would still be too late to save the original balance. Unless...

At that moment, a familiar grey-blue skinned little boy God appeared in his senses, raiding The Hourglass and freezing the planets in place.

Leonel's lip curled and he got to work. It took him a few hours, much more than he had thought it would. But that was the thing with destroying things, it was far faster to do so than it was to build them back up.

After he was done, he rushed out, still slaughtering all of the Shield Cross Star members that he came across. They weren't innocents, they were shoulders, and he didn't have the room nor the care to take prisoners.

He appeared before a particular door and saw Aina, or rather the Emperor within. She didn't seem to notice that he was there until he opened the gates. When she saw Leonel, her reaction wasn't as Leonel had expected at all.

Aina opened her mouth to say something, but then she hesitated, forcing herself to calm down. She didn't know what kind of state Leonel was in, but the last time she had seen him, well... it was safe to say that their usual banter wouldn't fly.

"Aina Brazinger holding her tongue? I think I need to document this momentous occasion." Leonel said, nodding to himself as though seeing something spectacular.

Aina was caught off guard and then suddenly furious. "What are you trying to say?! Am I a woman who doesn't understand propriety?!"

Leonel coughed. "Well, let's just say I only dared to say as much because you're in chains. There's really no better time, no?"

Aina glared at him, one part relieved, another part feeling that this change was far too easy, and yet another part feeling like ripping his face apart.

"You absolute idiot, do I look like the type of person who gets caught so easily?! In this body, I could have ripped that foul woman apart ten times over, I'm doing something important and you just went and ruined it!"

Leonel smiled. He had guessed this the moment he saw Aina's expression after noticing him, but he didn't feel too bad about it because what was done was done, at least in this case, anyway. Also, he could tell that her frustration didn't really come from him either.

It was likely that upon her capture, she had suffered quite a lot, but she had forced herself to hold back her usually... violent temper. That straight laced Ancestor he had just killed would have definitely made her life a living hell. She was probably looking forward to turning things on their head, but then he had appeared.

"Then what's your original plan?" Leonel asked. "I have a helpful little boy outside, it might make things easier on us."

"... Little boy?" Aina asked.

Listening to her speak in such a rough and deep voice, when he had grown used to that sonorous, siren-like melody of a voice, was far easier than Leonel had accepted. It was as though the moment he realized this was Aina, he fell in love again. Of course... he would never tell his boys that he was looking upon a middle aged man with such fondness in his eyes... He'd have to take that one to the grave.

"Forget it, this matter is bigger than you know. I don't know why you're in your original body, but if you only have Seventh Dimensional strength, you're in danger!"