Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2249 A Pair of Sovereigns

Leonel's pupils constricted. The blood came together, forming a connection with the tablet, but what shocked him the most was the form it took. It was Aina, most definitely Aina. Although it was like a liquid mass of crimson, and it was a body formed entirely of blood without the slightest hint of flesh and bone, he would recognize that body anywhere. In fact, he recognized it even before the details of her face fully formed and strands of long, blood hairs took shape as well.

However, after being shocked for a moment, Leonel closed his eyes and sighed. It still had no soul. He had gotten a foolish rush of hope just now when even someone from Third Dimensional Earth would be able to understand what was going on.

A single cell of the body carried all the DNA information one needed about a person. That sequence would be able to decide everything. It was probably possible from those of Higher Dimensional worlds to reform a body out of a single drop of blood, and even take some guesses as to what kind of personality the person in question might have had.

Of course, this was possible in Higher Dimensional Worlds, because it was possible even on modern Earth. It quite literally meant nothing that this blood was able to take the shape of Aina's real body. In fact, if a Blood Sovereign Tablet wasn't capable of at least this much, then what worth would it have? How would it still dare to call itself such a thing?

The only real oddity is that it managed to pull out Aina's body from within the Silver Emperor's Body, a feat that Leonel had only seen the entity accomplish so easily, but even that made perfect sense.

The Human Race was one connected to the God Beasts of both Creation and Destruction. Leonel didn't believe that it was a coincidence that this golden tablet shared the same color as the Fawkes golden tablet, and most importantly, what he assumed would be the Northern Star Lineage Factors' two golden tablets.

For them to share the same form as the Northern Star Lineage Factor, it wasn't too large of a leap to assume that all of the tablets originated from the God Beasts. The humans were able to retain some of them even after the war, and for whatever reason, the other races hadn't targeted them for possession. Though... even that might not necessarily be true.

From Leonel's understanding, the Cataclysm Zone was in great danger and that was the reason for the existence of these simulation worlds in the first place. It could very well be that these tablets were precisely what their enemies were targeting.

That would also explain why they had held such a competition when Leonel had been there and why they allowed the youths to trade for them. Though Leonel hadn't exactly traded for this golden tablet, he didn't gather nearly enough points.

This was all to say that if there was a treasure that could accomplish what that entity had, then it was these very golden tablets. Even this wasn't too surprising. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Leonel's gaze softened somewhat as he looked at the bloody mist that had formed into Aina. He felt a pressure on his chest increase before he pressed it down. It was exactly while he was focused on this that Aina's figure was sucked into the tablet.

His heart skipped a beat and he pulled the tablet back hurriedly, but it was already too late. He felt a panic in his heart, he had no idea what this tablet wanted to do and his understanding of the Blood Sovereign path was far too limited. Even so, from his understanding, devouring blood was practically the baseline of how all of these abilities worked. What if that was exactly what this tablet wanted to do?

But it was too late. He couldn't do anything as it rushed in, even ripping away a large portion of his Vital Star Force and practically sucking his three Vital Stars out of his body.

His body went limp and he stumbled in the air, almost falling over entirely. Beaten and haggard, he looked toward the tablet with a listless expression, unable to even see straight and proper any longer.

And then everything fell into silence.

There was no magical revival, no sudden change, no earth shuddering, jaw dropping transformations... there was just nothing.

Leonel drifted in the emptiness, not saying anything. The despair on his face had already faded and he simply did nothing, thought nothing, not moving at all. He probably should have felt rage, and that he did, but he had already reached such a peak that it simply simmered and smoldered over the hot, ashy coals of his heart. He had reached such a depth of wrath and fury that it simply became nothing but a bright sheet of white, reflecting on his face as indifference and coldness.

He didn't know how long passed, but he simply stood, placing the golden tablet back into his and Aina's room.

He walked back slowly, not noticing the smokey blackness under the soles of his feet.

When he turned, he realized that El'Rion was still there. He seemed to be trying to keep a "respectful" distance. Not that that meant much when he could quite literally see for thousands of miles away as though it was all right before his face.

Looking at the soles of Leonel's feet, and the smokey ash coming out from the sides of his eyes, El'Rion paused.

"You are a Destruction Sovereign?"

Leonel didn't answer, he simply kept walking.

Destruction Sovereign? God Beast of Destruction? He wouldn't be surprised if they were related somehow and even less if El'Rion tried to kill him for it. However, he was truly not in the mood. If the Pluto Race wanted to lose a junior today, he would gladly oblige.

"She's a Blood Sovereign?"

Leonel, who had ignored El'Rion to this point, looked toward him, his eyes carrying a smoldering sharpness. El'Rion could even feel the heat on his own eyes. Had he not been a Pluto, his eyes would have already combusted.

"Then you can probably save her."