Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was a person who was used to having many eyes on him. But, even he was starting to get a bit antsy.

The halls of the Mage Academy could be considered to be quite narrow. Well, not narrow by normal human standards. After all, they were still tens of meters across in width. The reason why they felt narrow was because their ceilings were just that tall.

They loomed overhead with majestic archways, containing windows just as tall and grandiose.

Unfortunately, with this large size came an equally large amount of people.

Normally, it shouldn't be possible for so many to know of Leonel already. After all, this was ultimately a medieval era Zone. There was no social media, nor were there any cameras. Due to this, Leonel should have been free from such troubles….

However, what he didn't expect was that the robes Elys had given him to wear would be so eyecatching.

From what Leonel knew, the mages of this world were split into nine grades. One to Three Star Apprentice Mage, One to Three Star Official Mage, and finally, One to Three Star Magus.

For each of these rankings, one would be assigned a different color robe. An Apprentice Mage would wear grey robes. An Official Mage would wear blue robes. And, a Magus would wear purple robes.

The stages of One to Three Star would be separated by the darkness of the color. A One Star Apprentice Mage would have robes that were nearly white, while a Three Star of the same kind would have robes that were nearly black.

From this, it should be clear that Elys was a Three Star Official Mage, and was very nearly a One Star Magus.

However, none of this was the real reason Leonel was being stared at like some sort of lab rat.

Usually, aside from the main color of one's robes, there would also be embroidery that exposed one's mage branch. Fire Mages would have touches of red, Water Mages touches of blue, etc…

Knowing this, it was no wonder everyone couldn't take their eyes off of Leonel. He was wearing gold embroidered robes that only three others in the whole of Camelot were allowed to wear.

Seeing his pale grey robes embroidered with gold was just one aspect, but the following connection they made between him and the rumors of the teenage boy who battled a Knight of the Round Table was what really set the environment ablaze.

The fact Leonel lost didn't dampen his prestige in the slightest. Not only was Lamorak one of those legendary 12 knights, but he was also within the top 3 strongest among them. Leonel losing was a foregone fact. It was the fact he managed to survive at all that garnered so much respect.

"Alright, alright. Clear the way."

Elys became a cross between a jealous girlfriend and a valiant bodyguard, clearing a path for Leonel forward. Luckily, she had been tasked with being his guide, or else with how large this Academy was, Leonel would probably be spinning in circles for a while.

Though he could release his Internal Sight, he was told by Elys that this action was rude, so he could only take a step back.

At the same time, though, he was confused.

'By my estimations, a One Star Mage is the equivalent of someone who has opened just one Force Node. A Three Star Magus should be the equivalent of someone who has opened nine Force Nodes. But…'

There were too many things Leonel had questions about.

For one, he had already opened eight Nodes. Not only had he done so, but his Nodes were much larger than a normal person's. By right, he shouldn't have lost so badly to Lamorak who was the knight equivalent of a Three Star Magus — A Three Star Grand Knight.

Secondly, Elys had said his Spirit Pressure was the equivalent of a Three Star Magus', but this shouldn't have been true either. His spirit should be at the peak of the Fifth Dimension. Let alone a Three Star Magus, even a thousand of them shouldn't have been able to match up to his Spirit Pressure.

There was definitely something weird going on. Leonel was lacking in a way he couldn't put his finger on.

But, there was a burning fire within his chest. He had had this uncomfortable feeling within his heart the moment he awoke. He had never felt such agitation in his life before and he found it hard to describe. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

All he knew was that unless he could defeat Lamorak, he would never feel at ease.

Elys led Leonel to a classroom he was embarrassed to find was filled with 12-13 year old kids. Luckily, there were a few who were closer to him in age, but they were all seated at the back. It was clear their standing was much lower than that of the younger kids.

Elys walked to the front. Surprisingly, she was the lecturer for this class.

Leonel chuckled and shook his head, his embarrassment fading. He was never an overly proud person to begin with, at least not for meaningless matters like this. Of course, if others knew he was thinking this, who knows how they'd react.

It wasn't long before he had sat near the front and forgot about everything around him.

Unfortunately… his bad habit flared up again. An oppressive aura filled the classroom as Leonel began to focus. Many of the small children burst into tears, but didn't dare to make a sound, fearful that they would anger Leonel.

Leonel was so focused on Elys' words that he didn't notice the oddities around him. This was always how he was in class. There was a reason everyone always waited for him to finish his tests and exams before they began. The only one that had always been unaffected was Aina.

Elys smiled bitterly, but she seemingly realized that Leonel wasn't doing this on purpose, so she could only continue. Still, it was safe to say tthat this woulud be the last time she allowed Leonel into this class. These poor children couldn't learn in such an environment.

"Now, Spirit Crystallization…"