Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2255 Good Luck, Master

These were just guesses on his part, and it could very well take more than that. But what mattered most to him now were what changes would occur in the future.

Half a day later, he opened his eyes with a confident light.

Indeed, the changes that would occur in the future should have already occurred, otherwise the Silver and Golden Tablets wouldn't have been missing already.

But that wasn't why he had meditated for half a day, he had already concluded that in the first couple of minutes. Instead, he was confirming something else.

He was certain. He could use Timeless Events to change the future. This might be the key to reviving his father. If he played his cards correctly, he could most definitely change those events, of that he was certain. Whatever the rest of the details were, he didn't care.

But he would need to be able to do one thing: he would have to be able to predict a Timeless Event before it happened. And if he couldn't, then he would have to trigger one himself. He was sure that he could do it because El'Rion had made it quite clear what it took for one to appear... and that was any event that caused the Northern Star to come closer.

These were the thoughts of a madman. Everyone wanted to avoid such events to the best of their abilities because it would mean that Existence itself was one step closer to being destroyed, but Leonel didn't seem to spare a thought to this at all. Hadn't he just stopped a Timeless Event? Then the world owed him already.

And even if it didn't, so what? In his mind, he would already sacrifice the world for the sake of Aina, he had already done it before. If it was for the sake of his father, he would sacrifice Existence itself.

Leonel looked up to find that his mother was still standing there, patient and unhurried. When she saw that Leonel opened his eyes without any change, she smiled understandingly.

"It's very difficult to comprehend, don't be too hard on yourself. From what I can tell, you need something beyond just Light and Star affinity to succeed, you need an in-depth comprehension of the two that exist beyond this realm. I don't believe that even those outside worlds would find it easy."

There were definitely many Life and Star experts out there, Leonel was sure. But they lacked the flexibility of the human body. It was this in conjunction with proper affinity and Force Manipulation that could allow them to touch upon that power.

It was still beyond the current Alienor, but Leonel was confident that she would reach that level soon enough. As for him, he felt that it was guaranteed.

Leonel didn't correct his mother about what he was meditating about, it was true anyway. He did, indeed, have no ability to claim the highest level of his Lineage Factor just yet.

With a wave of his hand, the Silver and Golden Tablets were taken with him.

"Is that everything?" He asked.

"Yes, we can go now," Alienor confirmed.

Leonel let his mom into the Segmented Cube. He looked around, trying to see if he could spot anything.

In an unknown number of years, Wise Star Order would come here and then bind himself to the Bronze Tablet. He had already checked the tablet, but there was definitely no sign of Wise Star Order, and he had long since vanished from the Segmented Cube, even taking Vice and Candle with him. It was almost amusing how he hadn't used the two in order to save them as a trump card, but now he would never be able to.

He didn't find himself caring much, Wise Star Order had at least never hurt anyone around him. Though, whether that was because Leonel was ignorant to when he had tried or not... that was a matter that only time would tell, along with what goals Wise Star Order truly had.

When he truly couldn't find anything, Leonel turned and left, stepping into the Segmented Cube and streaking toward Earth. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Not long after he had done so, the Matriarch's husband stepped into the temple. Looking around and seeing that they had left, he surprisingly sighed a breath of relief, stretching out his back while leaning backward and pressing against his hips.

"Damn, I'm getting too old for this."

'You're young right now, though.'

"Fuck you, damned brat. You have the time to contact me from the future now, but what about the last three years? Were you too busy on vacation? Too busy fucking everything with two legs and a pair of breasts?"

'I resent that, I don't have long to live, you know. I thought you'd be nicer to me.'

"Ah, bah, you're not getting any sympathy from me and my old bones. How many times have I experienced death because of you? Now you fear it? Where's your humanity?"

'Fear it?' The voice laughed boisterously. 'I fear nothing.'

"Easy to say that when you know some part of you will live on, but I'm glad you finally made this choice. I told you when I met you that it was a fruitless endeavor, and you just refused to listen. Instead, you've put me, not to mention that poor girl, through hardship again and again."

'She won't remember it.'

"BUT I WILL. And there you go again, using logic over everything. What happened to HUMANITY?! Have I taught you nothing?!"

The voice chuckled. 'You've taught me plenty, old man. Humanity isn't on the list, though.'

"Have some respect-!"

'Need I list off some of your greatest hits? My, the list is quite long. Let's see, ah yes, here there's stealing that Emperor's wife, and then there was the time you pissed over that city wall, oh right, there's also the time that woman pissed you off so much that you rap-'

"ENOUGH! You describing those things so simply makes it seem like I wasn't in the right, you should have more respect for your master. In fact, you should actually call me that for once!"

'Oh, would you look at that. Your 1327th death is on the way. Good luck~!'

The Matriarch's husband practically pulled at his hair. Talking to this brat was truly infuriating.

From the skies above, a shadow suddenly appeared from a gaping, spinning black hole.

A second Shadow Tail had appeared.

It seemed that changing Timeless Events wasn't so simple after all...

'Good luck... Master.'