Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2256 God Childe

The Matriarch's husband stepped out into the air, facing the monster in the skies. His hands were clasped behind his back without even the slightest intent on defending himself. Was there a point? His death was inevitable.

No one could ever tell what the trigger of a Timeless Event was. It was also impossible to tell just how many people would be allowed to die, or how many you could save before the backlash of the Timeless Event made the event far worse.

Many had tried to fight against Timeless Events before. The strongest of them sent armies of entire worlds at these Timeless Events, losing an uncountable number of experts all in a vain attempt. What was clear through all of these attempts was one thing...

It was hopeless.

The more you fought against a Timeless Event, the worse it became, the more bloody, the more violent. The best way to deal with a Timeless Event was to slow it down and minimize risk, hopefully finding out what the center point of it all was and allowing just that event alone to happen.

While doing this wouldn't change the fact the Northern Star would most definitely come closer, it would still help those related to the event feel somewhat better.

Rarely, though, did a Timeless Event necessitate the death of just a small number of people. Usually it required at least several hundred, each one changing the course of history in their own way and causing a tsunami tide of changes in the far-off future.

Even rarer was it that a Timeless Event necessitated the death of just a single individual... but this was exactly such an event. And this single individual who had to die was none other than the Matriarch's husband or more accurately...

Wise Star Order.

He didn't go by any other name, or maybe he had just lived for so long that he had forgotten what his original name was. He might have asked these people what his name had been the first few times he was revived at the whims of that terrible disciple of his, but he couldn't be bothered to any longer. He no longer had the patience for it.

Plus, he preferred Wise Star Order. He was indeed very wise, and very handsome at that, though that had nothing to do with his name. Wise Star Order suited him, it also suited his duty.

He had long since become indifferent to these deaths. You could become numb to anything if you experienced it enough. But this time, he had a wide smile on his face. That disciple of his had finally gotten his act together, it was a beautiful day indeed.

A beautiful day to die.

To others, death was the end. But in reality, to Wise Star Order, his death on this day all those years ago... or actually, today-yes, indeed, it was today, how had he forgotten that? That brute was descending from the skies, he couldn't forget that.

Regardless, death for him was just the beginning.

To the people of this world, Savants were extraordinary, they were talents that needed to be hoarded away and saved. But they were deeply flawed, and they obviously weren't so extraordinary if they could be so easily captured in the first place.

To the wider world, the whole of Existence out there, Savants were defects, poor imitations of the real thing, poor imitations of existences born to be Gods.

Wise Star Order raised his hands and laughed toward the skies as the Shadow Tail descended.

"Come here, you big brute. In the future, I'll slaughter you kind like children, I'll bathe the seas in your blood and I'll dye t-"

BANG!

Wise Star Order was hit out of the skies, crashing through the entire planet. His body only seemed to hold its shape for a small moment on the other side before it burst into a rain of blood, leaving behind nothing but a small, transparent ball...

His Ethereal Glabella.

"Son of a bitch, that bastard never lets me finish my speech!"

Wise Star Order drifted like a speeding bullet through the endless depths of space. It wouldn't be until a long while later he finally came to a stop on a planet with Force so that he could finally be reborn and become the God that he was always meant to...

The so-called Spark of the Dimensional Verse was another bastardization of a concept that existed in wider Existence. It could even be said that it was only half of the puzzle, the existence of Savants being the other half.

There was only one problem. In order to touch onto all of this strength...

You had to die first.

No one knew why this was. Some speculated that it was because you had to come into contact with the First Dimension in order to display your full strength, others said that the body could only stimulate its greatest potential when it had been pushed over its limits, others said that this was simply a reflection of the ultimate Force Manipulation, a state where you were able to reach enlightenment of the complete opposite of your path... What could be the opposite of an untimely death if not a life far more bright and blazing than others?

It was unknown if anyone would ever find out. But there was one thing that was known for absolute certainty.

For every death and revival of a God Childe, Existence would grow one step closer to a forever death. Without fail, every new God Childe meant the existence of a new Timeless Event...

By now, things might very well be becoming clear to many.

Cynthia Omann died and was revived, forming a Timeless Event.

The good news was that Velasco Morales' death had occurred several days afterward and there was hope that it would be considered a different event.

The bad news was that Velasco Morales had a great number of ties to Cynthia Omann, and the hatred Cynthia Omann held for Velasco was maybe one of the few things that actually drove her.

Aina's mother couldn't be revived even by Anastasia due to their connection. Compared to the Seventh Dimension, the birth of a God Childe was so impossibly beyond that it was impossible to put into words.

Anastasia, the World Spirit of a Complete World, could not revive Aina's mother because this fallen woman's daughter had entered the Seventh Dimension. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Cynthia Omann was a God Childe. Even those with faint connections to her would be out of Anastasia's reach. And as for Velasco...?

Even Existence itself wouldn't be able to bring him back as it inched toward destruction.