Anastasia's brows shot up, then she looked toward the Void Beast below.

Processing materials and alleviating the more troublesome aspects of Force Crafting like gathering materials, refining them, preparing them, were all matters that the Lab Setting was created for. But on top of that, it was also a force multiplier. It allowed for experiments on large levels and without even Leonel's input, she had already integrated all of the test subjects of the Violet Force experiments, it was something that came second nature to her.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Processing a beast, even if it was a Void Beast, was well within her power. After all, this Void Beast had long since died and its vitality had been crushed to a point even these lessers of the Void Race could stand within it just fine. As a Complete World's Spirit, it was well within Anastasia's prowess.

The reason she was a bit shocked was because this wasn't what she had expected Leonel to do. Didn't he plan on passing this down to Little Blackstar? Why did he change his mind?

Anastasia shook her head, hard. What was she thinking? This was a huge problem, just thinking about this matter. Leonel was already marked by the God Races, stealing their ship was tempting fate. They obviously feared the Pluto, not Leonel. Also, it was impossible that they wouldn't fight back against this attempt, they already seemed as though they were ready to fight it out with Leonel to the death, just overhearing this conversation.

These might be servants of the Void Race, but many of them were actually stronger than Shan'Rae and El'Rion. After all, those two were exceptionally young, while they had already matured. They were on an unfathomable level in comparison to a human.

Of course, that also meant that if they used their strength the Regulator would react, and unlike their entity, they wouldn't be able to escape it so easily. In fact, it could be said the only thing protecting them from such a fate was the Void Beast Ship itself which did wonders for masking presences.

Everything about Leonel's intentions sounded wild and ridiculous. But by this point, Anastasia was used to it. She mostly wanted to know why Leonel didn't want to help Little Blackstar out.

"I would expect a mighty World Spirit like yourself to already understand," Leonel said, reading Anastasia's thoughts.

"Don't you like doing reckless things? Why would I care to consider that stuff?" Anastasia huffed.

Leonel chuckled, finding it all amusing.

Assimilate allowed him to take the strength of an external item and pass it into a living being, whether that be himself, another, or his soul constructs. Breathe allowed him to give life and permanence to an object, that could be done through giving it a soul he commanded, or it could be done by allowing it to integrate with a living being after the use of Assimilate.

The problem, then, wasn't the powers themselves, but rather the limitations. When he used Assimilate on himself, the cost of Dream Force was higher than when he used it on his soul constructs, and it was even higher when he used it on a living being other than himself.

This had been fixed with Little Tolly because of Anastasia's help, help he obviously had access to. But then came the second limitation: what one could handle, or more accurately, what their foundation could in this case.

Little Tolly had been in a state of hyper evolution, preparing to set its foundation by fully integrating itself into the Sixth Dimension. It couldn't have been a more perfect time to integrate with such a beast and it gave the little guy a world of benefit.

As for Little Blackstar... he had already entered the Seventh Dimension and he was already well into his own path. Although he had integrated with a large portion of Void Beast Blood, from what Leonel could tell here, that blood had not only been greatly diluted, but it was a drop in the ocean compared to the true amount of blood this creature had flowing through its veins.

If he were to use Assimilate and Breathe on Little Blackstar now, while it might still work, he would lose much more to Breathe than he would have had he been just entering the Sixth Dimension or just deciding on his path.

No, Leonel had something different planned. He knew that his King's Might Lineage Factor wasn't infallible and it had its weaknesses. If he wanted to maximize this Void Beast corpse, he had to take it slow and give Little Blackstar the chance to slowly change his fate on his own.

The little guy had already fallen well behind Leonel, and for a beast that had once almost killed him on their first meeting, he knew that Little Blackstar was very much not satisfied with just this.

At the same time, the approach may also aid him in helping much more than just Little Blackstar as well. Who knew what kind of treasures were hidden within a Void Beasts body?

Of course, the Void Race probably took out all of the most valuable things before turning it into a ship, but he was already prepared for that reality. A little guy like him was just perfect for the scraps.

Leonel grinned again and Anastasia rolled her eyes. What was this guy thinking about now?

"Then how are you going to take it, then? Cheeky brat."

Leonel laughed. "How? EL'RION!"

Leonel's voice came out in a roar that sounded like something matched between a dragon's roar and claps of thunder. It boomed so loudly that his throat shredded to pieces, but on the surface he acted as though nothing at all had happened.

The infuriated Void Race members froze and began to shake in fear.

The Pluto Race members below froze as well, but they looked up in astonishment rather than fear. A human could speak their language?

Leonel strolled in and kicked the Void Race members out one by one, they didn't even dare to resist. They suddenly feared slighting Leonel.

"See? Easy."