Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Anastasia watched everything, speechless. She didn't know what to say. That language had frozen even her for a moment. It held the weight of command, and an undeniable majesty. Coming from Leonel, even without his King's Might Lineage Factor activated, it felt as though the shadow of a True King had appeared, albeit it for just a moment.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

But after a moment, seeing the sneaky smile on Leonel's face, she couldn't help but ask.

"You... What did you say?"

"Oh, that?" Leonel grinned. "I said that little boy's name."

Anastasia froze. "You... you said a name?"

"Well, yeah. I can't actually speak that language, and if I copied anything else they said, wouldn't it be embarrassing if I said a word like "and" or "the", they'd laugh me out of the ship. Plus, I assume that whatever his parents named him meant something bold and powerful."

It was impossible for even Leonel to learn an entire language just based off of a short conversation. But, picking out a repeatable series of sounds within that conversation was all too obvious. When El'Rion was leaving, they had all saluted him with that sound plus a prefix that he assumed meant something like "young master" or "young ruler". By process of elimination, picking out El'Rion's name was as easy as breathing.

"You... are unbelievable," Anastasia muttered.

"I know, right? I'm pretty gre-"

Anastasia slapped the back of his head. "Not in that way!"

The Void Race servants who had been kicked off of the ship quickly felt the suppression of the world around them. They quickly took out several items to fight back against the suppression, and unlike the individuals who had come down from the Four Great Families, the black chains didn't appear around them. Clearly, whatever items they had taken out to protect themselves were far beyond what the Four Great Families had had.

They looked around in fear, but seeing that no one came for them, they took out other treasures and began to escape quickly one after another.

Leonel rubbed the back of his head. "I don't know how a race like that can be so cowardly. I don't know what you're so angry about, when have I ever been wrong?"

"Would you like me to list them one by one? In alphabetical or chronological order?"

Leonel was stunned. This was very much not the response he had expected. But, just as quickly, his one mind began to subconsciously form the list and he had to shake his head to get it to stop. By then, he was already one longer than he cared to admit.

"... Never mind."

After a while, Anastasia burst out with laughter. She laughed so hard that twinkling crystals of blue came from her eyes. She felt like she was even dying of laughter. A name, they had been scared off by a name, it was cracking her up. The funniest part was that they probably had no idea.

She knew a little bit about the Pluto Race, mostly due to the Minerva Race, and she knew that their language wasn't understood by many outside of their races, and definitely couldn't be spoken by anyone so casually. They had probably run because they thought they had mistaken Leonel's identity. After all, Leonel had been expelled from El'Rion's body, who knew if he was closer to the Pluto Race than he seemed?

Just imagining someone screaming "LEONEL" in English and then scaring off a Race of Gods was killing her.

Leonel smiled. "When you're done, we should probably get going in case one of them realizes they've been duped."

Anastasia wiped her tears, though they had already long since floated away.

"This was a nice idea by you and all, but moving this corpse in isn't exactly easy either, you know. It won't be as difficult as The Hourglass because the difficulty is set and won't just infinitely increase, but it's beyond the current you for sure."

"Isn't that why I asked you if you could process it first?" Leonel smiled.

Anastasia looked down with a hint of hesitation. Could she? Maybe if she had a few months, probably a few years, actually.

"That's okay, my favorite water boy is finally here," Leonel perked up.

El'Rion rushed in from the distance. He was still quite heavily injured and he hadn't fully recovered, but when he heard his name called, he rushed forward with all the speed his could muster.

Plutos were the God of Gods, so long as their name was spoken in its truest form, no matter the distance, they would hear it. But what El'Rion didn't expect was that the person who called out would actually be... Leonel?

"Hey, you're finally here, good. Do me a favor, use that little hourglass thingy to help Anastasia put this corpse inside."

El'Rion froze and his lip twitched. Hourglass... thingy...? He had only just learned this language recently but he was pretty sure Leonel was being absolutely ridiculous again.

...

Wise Star Order streaked across the skies with great speed. This timeline was already long after Leonel would have left this Zone, but it had taken him quite a long time to finally revive.

It was unknown whether all God Childes would definitely revive, but it was also obvious why. Those that were dead couldn't exactly tell tales, now could they? But Wise Star Order theorized that so long as a God Childe died with an intact Ethereal Glabella, and around enough Force, they would most definitely come back.

Every time he died and Leonel did something dangerous, it was becoming more and more difficult to make sure his Ethereal Glabella remained protected, but this was a master's duty to his disciple.

"Ah, finally back."

Wise Star Order looked down toward the devastation of Planet Luxnix, Viola, and Montex. He remembered how heart wrenching it had been the first time he saw it, but now he was simply numb.

On the bright side, his wife survived in this timeline. On the unfortunate side, how would he sleep around now?

He descended, his mind swirling with thoughts.