Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Wise Star Order stood with a stretch, sliding his robes on. Ah, it was good to be young. Last time he had gone so hard, his back had ached for days.

He ignored the limpid words of his wives. She was hardly intelligible, her speech slurring and her eyes half closed. She was probably saying something about why he wasn't staying in bed, but it was more funny than anything to him.

Before this day, he had bedded this woman a single time, and she hadn't even let him finish. She only did it out of a sense of duty and to officially consummate their marriage. Of course, the most important reason was because of her Ability Index. She had been trying to take on his Wise Star Order abilities for herself.

As much as he would like to play with this heartless woman some more, he had some work to do.

"Right, Valiant Heart..."

Wise Star Order took a step as his wife's gargled mess of words were becoming sharper and louder. He luckily didn't get to listen to whatever nonsense she was definitely trying to spew. Instead, he had appeared deep within the catacombs of the Luxnix.

These catacombs were built by the Envoys of the God Beast of Destruction. There hadn't been an active Void Beast in countless generations, but that didn't stop the creature's lessers from doing their best to stir up trouble.

Despite their usual brazenness, they were somewhat cautious in this world. That was because of the appearance of the Pluto Race and its relation to the existence of these Incomplete Worlds was something worthy of being wary of.

The Void Bubble was far too weak to even have a single Incomplete World for this sort of experiment, let alone dozens, it could only be done by the God Races. But at the same time, this world was too valuable precisely because of its variability and potential for evolution, it was the perfect place to experiment with a new Force.

Since the experiment was a failure, and a youth of the Pluto Race had appeared, they chose to abandon it. The place had already been stripped bare by Leonel, but why would they care so much about failures? No, it was probably more accurate to say that they couldn't spare the risk and the failures weren't valuable enough to put themselves on the line.

Wise Star Order appeared in the temple once more. Now, all that remained was a Bronze Tablet, and he didn't seem surprised. He had allowed Leonel to take the Silver and Golden Tablets. It would be a long while before Leonel could use the latter, so he wasn't worried. Of course, he didn't expect that foolish disciple of his to understand propriety and not use the tablet even when he could, not in this state anyway.

That was Leonel's fault. He would be under a lot of pressure soon, and he might take power from anywhere he could. But if he took it from this source, he would only die sooner.

Wise Star Order stepped forward and toward the Bronze Tablet. He looked as though he was about to crash right through, but the moment his shin looked as though it would crash into the alter, a ripple of space flashed and he disappeared. The Luxnix would probably rush in soon enough, but find nothing at all.

The space Wise Star Order appeared in was a vast darkness. There was only one thing floating in silence, a single tablet... a single silver tablet.

He reached forward and grabbed.

The Creation Tablets.

As a Wise Star Order, he had a duty to these tablets. Bronze, Silver, Golden and...nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He waved the hand with the Silver Tablet in it and its body rippled, the words on its surface forming into a Force Art that rolled and foamed with light until it became a blinding crystal color. Star Crystal. The crystallization of the purest, attributeless Star Force. It was the energy that was the very foundation of Existence itself.

He might be a glorified librarian, but the books he oversaw were far beyond the imagination of most individuals. In Incomplete World, even a Silver Tablet like this one had infinite power, it could bend and twist reality as it pleased and had very few restrictions.

To the God Beasts of Creation, though, this was simply a simulator. It was used to document experiments, it was these Creation Tablets that were the center that allowed the God Beasts of Creation to succeed in passing down their bloodlines to humans, and all the while, they killed not a single person thanks to it.

'It's a decent gift,' Wise Star Order thought to himself. 'He'll be pretty aimless in his life because of the influence of his future self, why chase anything when you feel like you have already achieved everything? This should help him get a taste of what it means to have drive and purpose, it'll make the moment his future self vanishes more manageable as he'll have his own sense of self.

'But this isn't quite enough.'

Wise Star Order stroked his chin.

Leonel had no idea that his master, a master he didn't even know he had and wouldn't acknowledge until years later, was diligently laying out a plan for his improvement step by step. However, that wouldn't stop Wise Star Order from being as diligent as he could.

"Right, I'll use this to influence a few Zones, then."

He shook the Silver Tablet again and it went back to normal as he vanished. Streaking across the skies, he felt leisurely, a smile on his face. He guessed that he owed his disciple a small bit of advantage. He had made it so far without any, so Wise Star Order wanted to see what he would accomplish now.

Wise Star Order appeared above Earth, prepared to make some alterations to the timeline. Enough time had passed that the Plutos had long since gone and Earth was slowly building up its own civilizations. Interestingly enough, the true history of Earth seemed to be completely wrong, not that that mattered.

"Ah, right, I need a name, I can't exactly use Wise Star Order, too on the nose. Hm..."

He looked at the tablet. "Ah, what was it that that stupid woman kept calling me? Nilrem, right? Alright, let's go with Merlin, then."