Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2264 Maze Ore

Leonel appeared back in his timeline. His gains this time were quite great. He had gained the odd beast that fused with Little Tolly, he had gained a Void Beast's corpse, and his Vital Star Force had taken a half-step into the Impetus State. Beyond that, he had been informed about a great many things and even gained the Silver and Golden Tablets.

He wasn't too eager to pass down those two tablets to the Luxnix. They had had them for so long back then and accomplished nothing, giving it to them now wouldn't magically change anything except... for his grandmother.

Even so, he was hesitant to give it to her either. He had too many questions for that grandfather of his, and his grandmother was practically wrapped around his finger. He was very good at reading people, and he could tell that his grandmother was entirely googly eyes for the Ascension Empire's Emperor. She would stand on his side almost no matter what.

In a situation like that, he wasn't sure what to think. Did he hate his grandfather? No. Did he distrust him? Not exactly, though it was close enough to that. Did he want to take unnecessary risks? Also no.

So he kept it to himself. Instead, rather than returning to the Morales family, he was far more interested in two things. First Anastasia's second search, and the second, and also the reason they returned home so easily... he wanted to fully understand Little Tolly, or at least understand him to the greatest extent he could.

He stood in a familiar location of the Lab Setting. It was the first room that had ever formed. His simple workbench ahead, the walls were lined with Snowglobes and simple shelves. This was the room that he had learned to Craft in, the room he had started the first of his father's lessons and gained an understanding toward how he should treat his Spirit partner.

He sat at the bench and pointed out a hand. Little Tolly stretched out, peeling off of his skin and forming a perfect ball. Silver was still the little guy's main color, but the dense runes of white gold that made his head dizzy to look at.

Little Tolly rolled on the table between Leonel's fingers, making booping sounds that made it seem like it was having a great deal of fun.

'Interesting. Spirits usually choose a favored form and even a gender after entering the Sixth Dimension, but Little Tolly has done neither, choosing to stay like this. Is this because of the way I evolved him? Is it because of the best he assimilated? Or is there another reason?'

Tolliver should have a perfect fusion of all paths. There was a ore refinement path, a creation path, a Universal Force Path, and of course the jack of all trades.

The first allowed the ease of processing of ores, but not just this alone. This seemed to sound like a Spirit would just clear an Ore of impurities for you, but it was deeper than that. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

When one had entered the Life Grade, you began to appreciate the intricacies of each and every ore. Even when they shared the same name, they weren't exactly equal, and you had to account for all of these little changes when you wanted to create something whole and new, something that had a life of its own.

This path was like a cheat code to the Life Grade. Rather than relying on your personal skill to learn and adapt, you could rely on your Spirit instead to force the Ores into a predictable path. This lowered the bar to forge Life Grade Crafts considerably, you only had to worry about the blueprint and not the whims of nature.

This was the first thing Leonel tested. He took out an ore that went by Maze Ore. It was a Light Domain Type Ore that could project a large amount of illusions as it refracted the light around it. It was an interesting ore he had been playing around with as he thought it would be interesting to form a troop around this kind of armor.

However, it was very difficult to work with despite being a Sixth Dimensional Ore. This was because even the slightest deviation in a cut to the ore could drastically change how it warped light around it, and it could trick the eyes of even its Crafter and their Spirit, so getting precise cuts in the first place was a nightmare.

It was a problem ore that most completely ignored. Only those with exceptionally high Light Force Affinity could hope to deal with it, and it was rare enough to have an affinity of such a rare Force to begin with, let alone having the skill in Crafting to match it. Unless, of course, you had a Dream World like Leonel.

This Ore could fool even Internal Sight, but what it couldn't fool was Leonel's Dream World.

Even so, there were other problems aside from trying to get perfect cuts, and that was related to the actual and slight differences between the Force densities of the ores themselves. Even if he cut them perfectly, these small differences would throw him for a loop.

He held out two Maze Ores and handed them to Little Tolly with a simple command: make them identical in every way.

To Leonel's surprise, Little Tolly only tapped each one of them once then went back to rolling around and having fun.

Leonel's brows shot up before he deployed his Dream World.

He sat in silence for a long time. He scanned everything about the ore, the cuts, the Force balance, the size, the weight, he didn't miss a single detail, even down to its chemical structure...

'It shouldn't have been anywhere near that fast...'