Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2265 Lighthouse Ore

Little Tolly was supposed to be a jack of all trades but master of none. However, this speed was even faster than a true master of this purification path should have found possible. He didn't have much of a reference outside of what he had read in the Void Library, but he was certain of this. It wouldn't have been a surprise even if it took days, and the Spirit in question should have had to swallow the Ores first, process them, and then expel them... not just tap them once.

Leonel knew that the beast would cause some great changes in Little Tolly, and he even expected that the little guy would be more of a master than he knew. But this was greatly exaggerated.

Of course, the ores weren't perfect. He only commanded Little Tolly to make them identical, but he didn't specify how, or what parameters he wanted. So, he assumed that the little Metal Spirit had chosen the easiest path, and not the path best for his army, but he didn't care very much.

He took another ore. This one was another Sixth Dimensional Ore and it was a Vein Type Ore that directly Light Force. It could be used to dampen and expand the Maze Force of the Maze Ore, shrouding a much larger area than that of the troop with the Maze Armors, or it could be used to do the opposite and shrink the illusions to contend against a small number of enemies or even one powerful enemy.

This Vein Type Ore was known as Lighthouse Ore, it was the best ore in this category at controlling Light Force. The reason for its necessity was quite obvious. Maze Ore, once its cuts were set, could be confusing to look at, but not much about it would change over time, and it lacked flexibility. This would fix all of that.

However... Leonel felt it would be better if they were the same ore, containing the characteristics of control and confusion. Of course, that was easier said than done. Leonel had never bothered because considering all the effort it would take, he might as well just forge the both of them into a Life Grade armor, it would be the same thing, mostly. Unless.

The second path of the Spirits allowed one to fuse Ores into one, creating all new effects and combining abilities. This was yet another cheat code of the Life Grade, making the ores perfect for Crafting into a holistic and whole form.

"Ah, I haven't studied these two enough, I need a third Maze Ore-"

Leonel mumbled to himself prepared to take out a third, but then he froze.

Little Tolly's white gold runes lit up and a Maze Ore suddenly spit out from thin air. There was only the slightest fluctuation of Force in the surroundings as though the little one was pulling on something and then it appeared, just like that, in a flash of light.

Leonel reached forward, slowly picking the ore up. It was a Maze Ore, perfect and whole. He squeezed it and it was crushed between his palms. Everything about it was exactly the same, even the resistance. It wasn't an illusion at all, or else he would have sensed the Dream Force by now.

He looked toward Little Tolly. "I need another."

Little Tolly didn't think much, making a cute bloop sound and forming another. Leonel picked it up and he was completely shaken. This one was slightly different from the last one, and the last one was slightly different from the two that he had originally given Little Tolly.

"I need a Lighthouse Ore." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Little Tolly sat in silence for a while, confused. Then, suddenly being enlightened, it reached forward and touched the Lighthouse Ore in Leonel's hand quickly, then pulled back, acting innocent before it flashed with light.

A perfectly whole Lighthouse Ore appeared, slightly different from the one in Leonel's hands. Little Tolly didn't even seem to be struggling at all.

Leonel immediately put the little Metal Spirit through a countless series of tests, pushing the little one to the limits... or so he tried. Nothing he did seemed to tire Little Tolly out at all. He assumed that it was because he didn't go far enough, but this alone was shocking.

Little Tolly could perfectly replicate ore at the Sixth Dimension and below without much effort at all. It was completely stonewalled when it came to higher Ores, and it more so seemed like a "yes or no" switch rather than an effort switch.

Each time he created one, he pulled from the Force in the surroundings, causing each one to be just a little bit different, just like real ores you would find in a mine.

What was more shocking than that was that after creating the new ore, a fusion of Maze Ore and Lighthouse Ore, Little Tolly became like a database, remembering the new ore and being able to create it even without the two base ores any longer.

There wasn't even a point in testing the third path, that of using Universal Force to supplement Crafting, because Leonel could already feel it passively when Tolliver stuck to his arm. But he chose to do so anyway, just to cover all of his bases, and this was maybe the most shocking of them all.

When he used Universal Force through Tolliver, he could sense something beyond, or maybe it was on par... he wasn't entirely sure. It was like he could touch upon the veil of the world and he discovered something absolutely shocking...

He could sense the Constellations of the Dimensional Verse. Those of the Human Domain, those beyond the Human Domain, it didn't seem to matter in the slightest.

Not only could he sense them, but he could use Little Tolly as a bridge, connecting to them, and using these Constellations to directly power his creations.

The implications of such a thing were beyond what Leonel could even fathom currently, especially once he stepped outside of this Verse.

As he was thinking, Anastasia's voice drifted to his ear.

"I'm sorry Leonel, there is no such Innate Node in this time either."

-----

Erdiul's Note: Ofcourse, lol.