Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2266 A Suit

Leonel fell into silence for a moment before he closed his eyes and exhaled a slow breath. When he opened them again, there was a resolute look within. The plan remained the same. Crush this Dimensional Verse into his fists as quickly as possible, open a path to the outside world, and if he was lucky enough to enter the Impetus State before then, then he would forget about this matter. If he wasn't, then he didn't believe in the whole of wider Existence there wasn't at least one such person. He didn't care how powerful they were, what their background was, if it would save Aina, he would do it.

"With me, Tolliver. We'll finish this within a day with your help."

The sound of popping bubbles and bubbling water echoed. It sounded much more complex than the noises Little Tolly usually made, and Leonel even felt that he could even somewhat understand the little Metal Spirit far better. While it hadn't seemed to mature exactly as he had expected, it had definitely still matured. Confidence and excitement radiated from Tolliver, and Leonel even felt like the Metal Spirit was a miniature version of himself, at least somewhat.

"Good."

Leonel got to work.

...

A day later, he stepped out from the Lab Setting, sharp-eyed and radiating a suppressive aura. The first thing he did was go and speak to his mother. After confirming that she had already formed the Golden Tiger Lineage Factor, he asked her to follow him. It was about time they returned to the Morales family and saw what the situation was. Not much time had passed. The time allocated for the mission within the Zone should have taken years to finish, and the time dilation was, as a result, quite forgiving. Due to this, Leonel and his mother had only been inside for a few minutes. Overall, it was only a single day if his time spent Crafting was.

On that day, not only had he completed the final sets of armor for his demon troops, but he had also reformed his Divine Armors, again.

"If you want to return to the Morales family, you can't wear that," Alienor suddenly said as Anastasia set off.

"Hm?" Leonel looked down at himself. His robes were decent enough, though not as elaborate as the ones he had worn to match Aina as they entered The Heir Wars. But, they were still decent enough. He had wanted to wear his sweatpants, but he felt that he should be a bit more mindful of his image. That said, he wasn't exactly in tune with the fashion sense of the wider Dimensional Verse, he just randomly picked something out. Now that he thought about it, it was Aina who had decided on their matching robes as well. He was much better at designing cool uniforms, but now wasn't the time for that.

Alienor shook her head and patted Leonel's cheeks. "I didn't want to overstep my bounds before, but I won't let anyone stop me from being a mom now, not even you."

She waved a hand, and a white robe appeared.

Leonel's expression became a bit weird. Why white? It wasn't that he hated the color, but he would prefer something bolder. What about black and gold? A nice grey and blue also sounded nice.

"Don't doubt your mother, Little Lion. Now come, strip."

Leonel's face became weirder.

"What are you doing? Hurry up now, I haven't got all day." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel coughed and stripped off his outer robes. He wasn't a shy person, and had gotten into his fair share of wild battles that had practically left him entirely naked. But for some reason he felt a little uncomfortable standing in front of his mother in his boxers. Alienor looked at his body and nodded, patting her own shoulder as though she had done a great job. Leonel's physique had already been exceptional ever since he entered the Fourth Dimension. He had gone from an elite athlete to a man that seemed more like a fitness model than anything else. But now, whether it was in vascularity, leanness, or definition, he was levels above.

She threw a pair of white pants and robes at Leonel. When Leonel caught them, he felt that the material was incomparably soft, almost like silk and clouds had a baby. On top of that, looking a bit closer at more than just the color, there were faint patterns of a grey so subtle that it almost looked white as well. But together, the subtle embroidery made it look quite noble and elegant. When he put them on, he was actually quite satisfied. The material even made his Force flow with a smoother cadence. He made a mental note to study up on fabrics and how he could incorporate them into his Crafts. His father's teachings had had sewing lessons, but he hadn't applied them anywhere but the beast skin armors he had made for his companions during the Void Palace True Selection.

However, his mom didn't seem to be finished. She had yet to help him accessorize.

By the time Leonel was done, he was wearing a golden chain around his neck and wrist, the latter of which was just barely hidden beneath his love sleeve, and the former of which was just as subtle beneath his collar. His hair was slicked back in a formless gel that he couldn't even feel, and he actually wore shoes for a change. His white suit with faint grey embroidery reminded him of an Indian style suit, a jodhpuri if his memory hadn't failed him. As for his mother's nods of satisfaction, they were even more exaggerated.

"Now, your father's glasses," Alienor commanded.

Leonel froze, but his mother's tone didn't seem to leave room for negotiation. With a deep breath, he slipped them on, and Alienor beamed.

"There's my Little Lion. Go on now."

Leonel shifted the crystal-framed glasses on his face and then stepped out, a vibrant violet color in his eyes. When he stepped out, he found the Morales family in chaos.