Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2269 Guest

Tommie Morales. A bright spark of the Spear Faction and a young man of 15 years old with a pair of eyebrows that looked like a flare of fire. His face was just as stern as his instructor's but the hints of immaturity on his face were clear, but it carried a vibrancy of youth.

Nora Morales. A bright light of the Crafting Faction, she too was 15 years old, and she had an interesting style herself. Her Metal Spirit held her hair up into two ponytails. It couldn't help but remind Leonel of a certain Faction Leader from Valiant Heart Mountain; she too used her Fire Spirit to hold her hair up. It exhibited quite a level of control.

But, Leonel only smiled when he saw this. Though it was well hidden, he could see a special fabric and clip separate Nora's hair from her Metal Spirit. It was clear that Leonel was still one of the very few, if not the only one, in the Human Domain that dared to touch his Metal Spirit directly. Even so, it still took quite a bit of control to stop her Metal Spirit from eating through the metal and getting at her hair, which was worthy of a great deal of praise.

Together, they were two of the brightest stars of the next generation. Considering their age, it wouldn't even be much more than five years before they were meant to participate in the Heir Wars, but the timeline wasn't on their side this time around.

The two held up their spears and slammed their butts into the ground, a soaring Spear Force coming from them.

It was quite weak. You couldn't expect much from Fifth Dimensional existences like them, and yet... Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The Constellation in the skies appeared once again. Their strength soared, from the Fifth Dimension, to the Sixth, and from the Sixth, the Seventh, but by the time their Spear Force reached the height of the surrounding battleships, they sang like a pair of dragons and phoenixes.

Shaken, the various family messengers entered the hall one by one. Their edge had been filed down to a dull tip and the hesitation in their steps was clear. The only ones that seemed to carry the same sort of confidence were those of the strongest families, with the standouts being that of the Suiard family, the Spirituals Religion, the Omann family, and a special, unexpected visitor...

The Void Palace.

Leonel didn't react much to this. The loss of the Void Elders, or at least most of the Void Elders, wouldn't be enough to crumble them entirely. An organization like this would have its trump cards, but even more importantly than that, the Void Palace was the symbol of humanity, even if it fell it would be held up by the various families of the Human Domain.

Of course, whether or not the mission of the Palace would stay the same after this... that was a different story entirely. If they were anything more than a puppet, it would be an amusing surprise.

The leader of the Void Palace, obviously here to play the role of "mediator", was actually quite a young man. Leonel recognized him almost immediately, and he found it even more amusing.

This young man was a member of the Unfettered Blade Party, Micarth. The last time Leonel met him, he was a Galaxy Ranked Disciple just a couple weeks away from the Sector Rank. Now, he was nearly a Domain Ranked disciple.

For the Void Palace to not even send a Domain Ranked disciple to mediate the situation was funny enough, but even more importantly than all these other identities...

His last name was Suiard.

Micarth had a deep hatred for Leonel. He first found trouble for the latter after his father severed Rosen Suiard's arm, Micarth's uncle. And it only became personal after Leonel personally defeated him in battle.

Honestly, Leonel had to say that Micarth was the perfect choice.

He was the absolute most talented among the Suiard family, that was a title that went to Amery. He wasn't a step below that, as there were three others who would have been part of the Suiard family's "Heir Wars" that were passed up for Amery. He was just a step below that.

He was a great talent, for sure. But he wasn't prominent enough to be said to be a representation of the Suiard family, and he was just talented enough to have a great position in the Unfettered Blade Party and the Void Palace.

It would be "geniuses" like him who likely held up the foundation of the Void Palace now, and in the future, the Void Palace of the past would be no more, controlled like a puppet behind the scenes by these powerful families.

In fact, that future might be here already, or else the likes of Micarth would have never been sent first.

Micarth cleared his throat, a slightly prideful expression on his face with the comfort of his family's backing to support him, but before he could speak-

"Patriarch Morales has yet to ask you to speak. Please be mindful of your position and only speak when spoken to!" Tommie spoke with a crisp voice. While it was slightly immature, it carried the same hints of sternness Head Commander Kriss had.

Much like his mentor, he was a stickler for rules and etiquette. He would never allow a guest to speak before his Patriarch, nor would he allow his Patriarch to have to be the one to correct this guest.

He and Nora stood to Leonel's back, one to each side, arms clasped behind their backs. As a pair of youths, they did surprisingly well in this atmosphere, and it was clear that much of their confidence came from the man on the throne before them.

The older generation might be hesitant about Leonel, but the feelings of the youth were quite clear when it came to him.

He was their idol.

Micarth's face flushed red. Never did he expect to be reprimanded by a child like this, but he also wasn't in a position to argue with one either, especially when said child was in the right.

Leonel smiled lightly and slowly opened his mouth. Some thought he might say some fake words to "reprimand" Tommie, but he did no such thing.

"Welcome, dear guests. I assume that you've come with the offerings?"