Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2284 Leonel Morales

Leonel looked toward the Pyius Ancestor indifferently, but they were just as confused as everyone else was. His gaze changed focus and he looked down toward the Holy Land of the Pyius family, but he knew that it was a waste of his time. If they left so abruptly, so much so that even he couldn't quite figure out immediately how they had, then there was no doubt in his mind that there was nothing of use left. They wouldn't be that foolish.

He didn't feel any sort of satisfaction. He would have felt much better if that old man had just died, but next time they met he would know to watch his mouth. Not that it would matter much, next time they met, he'd have the man's head on a pike. Just because he had controlled his rage, didn't mean that it wasn't still there.

That man's words were clearly meant to taunt, and taunting an enraged Leonel was the last thing a person should do.

As for who that old man was, it was impossible to tell with the information he had. Even his talks about the Godlen family stabbing him in the back was nothing more than posturing. He had no idea what the Godlen family was or what their plans were. He was only just well aware that they were far more powerful than they let on.

He was far too sharp to be fooled by their acting, or what they thought was acting. The youths they had sent to the Heir Wars were far too arrogant to be from a Sixth Dimensional family, and their Lineage Factor had far more potential than they were letting on.

This and the fact that Simona had abandoned Aina and his brothers in their time of greatest need was enough for him to act against the Pyius family. He wouldn't blame her for her actions, at least not to the point of punishing her for them, but he also wouldn't continue to treat her like some great ally. Wasn't that a joke? What had the Pyius family done for him in the Heir Wars? If a percentage were to be given, it wouldn't even be one.

Leonel slowly walked from the palace, his squadron following him. Then, he raised his spear.

The Morales army roared with victory and the Pyius Constellation seemed to almost flicker entirely out of existence.

It would take some time before all 12 territories were truly Morales. But every day that passed, every second even, and along with every new territory they conquered, the more furious that momentum became. Soon, the entirety would be their territory and no one in the Human Domain would be able to stop them.

***

BANG!

Matriarch Pyius watched in silence as the old man kicked at a mountain furiously, causing it to crumble practically to ash. It was just a false mountain, one created by the hands of man, but it was just as large and sturdy as a real mountain. It was just unfortunate that it had caused the ambience of this peaceful garden to crumble. It was even worse that the old man seemed to have done it with a smile on his face.

The old man exhaled as though he felt better and shook out his stumpy arms. "Find me something that can heal my arms, quickly. I can't walk around like a muppet."

"Are you really alright, Mauve?" Matriarch Pyius asked.

"Don't question me in front of the child, woman. You'll ruin my prestige."

"I think you've done plenty of that on your own."

The old man looked over. "You're lucky that you're Mendel's woman."

"I think we both know it has nothing to do with luck, and also I am not his woman, I am his wife."

"Whatever helps you sleep at night," Mauve said casually.

"Not all of us need to lie to ourselves to be at peace."

"There's no lying about it. I told the dumbass Velasco that he would die if he continued on his path, and did he not? I told his father before him too, and didn't he also die? Now his grandson, and his son, will follow the same path. I might kill him myself if he crosses me again."

"If? You're well aware that you can't kill someone so important," Matriarch Pyius said lightly. "As for whether or not he'll kill you because you can't control your tongue. Well... that would be another matter entirely."FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Mauve didn't say anything.

"Also, you know well that the reason Velasco didn't listen to you is because you wanted him to spare the man responsible for his father's death."

"His father wouldn't have died at all had he just listened to me!" Mauve said with finally a bit of bite in his voice.

"I have a feeling that these... youths, these brats, these young men, as you so like to call them, might be far more insightful than you are. Every word out of your mouth is just yet another lie."

Mauve fell into silence again. Neither of them seemed eager to talk, actually, and it seemed that everything would come to a conclusion like this. But then, Mauve actually parted his lips once more.

"... The Human Race needs some who are willing to make a sacrifice. It can't be the weak, it has to be a sacrifice from the strong, and not just the strong, but the strongest of the strong. If they aren't willing, if they insist on being selfish, if they are so wrapped in their own designs, their own rage... their own grief, then we have no chance.

"The Human Race will be wiped out from the whole of Existence."

Matriarch Pyius didn't respond.

***

The news of the collapse of the 12 Constellation families, or rather the robbery of their World Spirits and the claiming of their territory by the Morales spread like wildfire. Though, this wasn't until weeks later, when messengers finally managed to get free of Leonel's suppressions, but by then, Leonel had already prepared the Morales for the next wave.

In a certain HQ though, a familiar Cross Elder Avan received the news. He sat in silence for a long time before he suddenly exploded to his feet. Grabbing his indestructible desk, he roared and ripped it from the floor, launching it out of the glass window to his back.

He furiously bellowed. "LEONEL MORALES!"