Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2287 Overlord Veiga

A silence fell, but Avan could tell with a single glance that none of these people had taken anything he had said seriously. And yet, instead of becoming more enraged, his lip curled into a sneer, a reaction that caught them off guard. They showed much more of a reaction to this than they had to anything else.

"King is dead."

The words hung in the air, and then suddenly rushed through them all at once.

"What?" Overlord Lela asked with a frown.

"Did I stutter, dumb woman? King is dead."

"Explain." Lela said coldly.

"I was contacted a week ago with this information."

"And why are you only telling us about this now?"

"Because I both wanted to see your stupid faces and understand what the fallout of that matter is. Also, in case you've forgotten, the head of the Commanding Faction is me, not you. When I'm contacted with information, it's up to me how it's divulged."

"How did he die?" Overlord Veiga, who hadn't spoken until now, suddenly asked.

Avan was surprisingly straightforward this time, without any fanfare. "Velasco killed him."

"WHAT?!"

"Oh? Now you all understand that I'm not just chatting horseshit? I told you all to take this matter seriously, and you refused to time and time again. I've not been fooled. The reason you all dragged your feet is because you feared him, and maybe you were right to. But now his brother is nowhere to be seen, and his son is rampaging across the Human Domain as the time approaches, and you're still dragging your feet.

"What, are you going to wait until he's as strong as his father before you act?"

Avan had a sneer of satisfaction intertwined with his words, he looked like he was on a high horse despite the fact this problem was one that was on his plate as well.

"The Cult is actually so useless," Overlord Sith said coldly.

"Oh? Is it the Cult's fault now? What happened to the mighty assassin, aren't you in love with a challenge? What better challenge would there have been for you if not that one?"

Overlord Sith remained silent, but the coldness in his blue gaze deepened as though he might lunge forward and attack Avan right this moment. But Avan only greeted the stare, hoping that the Sith really would attack. He had still not finished venting his wrath.

"We were placed here to monitor Earth, to gather its resources before they could be made use of by others and help the Great Families to stabilize their position and minimize the variables. We've failed on all accounts. Emperor Fawkes grew powerful on our watch, the greatest treasures of Earth are only partially under our control, and now the Lineage Factor of the Fawkes is flourishing once again."

Avan's brows jumped as he was not the one to speak. It was Overlord Veiga, and hearing such words, he couldn't help but become serious.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"The situation was going well, mostly so in the last 30 years. Over 95% of the greatest benefits that could be gained from Earth had fallen into the hands of the Great Families and there was nothing the Fawkes could do. But then, just two years ago, everything changed instantly.

"The established powers of the Great Families were eradicated to their last man. The territory of the Ascension Empire expanded wildly and without check. All of the branches of Shield Cross Stars, prepared and ready for the worst-case scenario were eradicated. Then, their borders were stabilized so quickly that future infiltration was deemed nigh impossible.

"Do you know what happened two years ago?" Overlord Veiga asked lightly. "Leonel Morales somehow reversed the schemes of the Cult and returned from the Vast Bubble."

A silence fell once more and this time, Avan could sense the seriousness in their expressions, a seriousness they had never given him.

"In those years, Velasco was occupied by the court, the Fawkes were restricted by his bindings, and there was no "war", there was only a systematic dismantling of everything that was left of our enemies. A single young boy reversed it all and the sacrifice the Cult had made was almost rendered all but useless."

"It wasn't useless, most of Earth's resources were taken."

Overlord Veiga gave Avan a glance and he suddenly felt like his throat was gripped, but his usual temper didn't allow him to back down and he met the woman's stare.

"As good as those resources were, they are nothing compared to what is being gathered now. This version of Earth, the one on the verge of the Eighth Dimension, contains the most valuable of the loot. Leonel Morales has already entered one, and he returned far stronger, stronger than should be possible for a Seventh Dimensional existence of this world."

Avan fell into silence.

"This is not a matter that can be taken lightly. I've never liked the Cult. Their views don't align with our own and the direction they want to take the human race is abhorrent. However, they, just like the rest of us, understand that these incomplete worlds are our final chance and nothing can be allowed to go wrong.

"The existence of Fawkes in this world has opened us up to a great deal of variables, and each one seems more dangerous than the last. The Cult's presence in this world has been ground to almost nothing, and those of the Dream Pavilion have yet to make their presences known.

"From this moment forth, I will be taking command of Shield Cross Stars and our next movements will be decided by me. All Commanding rights will likewise be handed over and the full cooperation of the Faction Leaders will be expected and required."

Veiga tapped the emblem on her lapel and the shield began to glow. The kilted skirt of the organization fluttered and the metal shin guards beneath shone.

The Overlords felt a flash of anger when they sensed what was happening, but soon an illusory chain constricted their hearts and their movements. Shield Cross Stars was now fully under Veiga's control.