Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2296 Ignorant

Leonel's Dream Force affinity was far too high. Even if one hadn't gained access to the Dream Plane yet, having high affinity would allow you to sense its pull even while unawares. Due to this, whoever was trying to mess with him had to be extremely subtle and couldn't just dig through his thoughts and memories as they pleased.

Of course, you could avoid this sort of probing in other ways as well. One way was through the use of mind protecting treasures, something that was far more common in Complete Worlds. In addition, you could avoid this by just being extremely powerful yourself and having a Force within the Life State.

Having a Life State Force made you more sensitive to the matters occurring in the Second Dimension and you could fight against them. That way, even without protective treasures, you could be immune to the probes of a Dream Force Master.

Of course, only those with Crafters of a certain caliber could hope to have such protective treasures. The likes of the Void Bubble had to buy such treasures from other Bubbles, and since they had been cut off from the wider world for so long, they had very few remaining and they were concentrated in the hands of the most elite.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

That said, since Leonel wasn't in the Life State yet and was only in the Lower Impetus State, he was very far away from being able to affect the Dream Plane of a Complete World, even if it was a weak one.

Even so, this sort of understanding blew everything he had come to know out of the water. What was more important than that was that his own mind wasn't the only thing he had to worry about, there was also the minds of everyone else.

Luckily, Leonel hated explaining himself and usually kept his plans to himself aside from a few irrelevant tidbits. This weakened the possibility of others probing those around him for information considerably.

A thought flashed in the back of Leonel's mind.

Was this the influence of his future self again? Had he been aware of the pitfalls and grown to keep his thoughts within the only mind he could protect?

Leonel shook his head. He wasn't going to think about that person.

'You didn't need to give me that clue, I would have figured it out on my own. But this was indeed faster...'

Due to the demoness, Leonel was already familiar with this kind of probing. The moment he sensed the confusion in his mind, the odd, contradictory sort of confusion, the kind he had never experienced before, he would have realized that he was missing something.

Whoever was trying to mess with him had underestimated the level of confidence he had in himself.

The question now was, how would he counter?

He understood how to after reading the memories of seven experts. Each one of them had their own unique theories on how to manipulate Dream Force, and in an objective kind of way, each one was the pioneer of their own unique fields.

Being raised in an Incomplete World and making it to the Impetus State on their own made each one of the geniuses. Had they been born in Complete Worlds, they would have been high class experts without a doubt, and that sort of unique insight was invaluable. If not for the dangers of absorbing too much, he would have wanted to take more advantage of this.

There were clearly some unique paths in Incomplete Worlds that Complete Worlds hadn't thought of yet. There wasn't a gap in intelligence between the worlds, but rather a gap in time and resources. There might very well be some unique magic system or Style or Force Manipulation method that existed in an Incomplete World that Existence couldn't even fathom.

Leonel sat in silence for a long while, tapping his finger on his arm rest.

'I don't know who you are... But you just made this war a hundred times easier for me. I'll thank you with a swift loss.'

Leonel's mind reached out into the Second Dimension, taking advantage of the weakness of his Incomplete World. Then, he began to send messages to each one of his people.

They wanted to find a chink in his armor, right? Well, find away.

After he was done, he stood.

...

Countless galaxies away, a middle aged woman with flowing blue hair snapped awake from her meditation.

Anyone of the Shield Cross Stars organization would recognize her as Cross Elder Veiga.

Her blue eyes glowed radiantly for a moment before she calmed down. She closed her eyes once more then double checked, and then triple checked.

'This method of Dream Force manipulation is so crude.

Whoever this is only recently came into contact with the Dream Plane and their strength is weak. An Early Impetus State expert. Using an array of commands to try and confuse my sight?'

Veiga slowly shook her head. It was meaningless. In this world, there was no existence with Dream Force Manipulation better than her own.

She had felt Maxx warn Leonel the moment he mentioned her in passing. This wasn't because she was as sharp as the demoness, but rather because there were certain minds she always paid attention to, and the Overlords of this world were all on that list.

That list, though, had an odd entry that stood out as the only Seventh Dimensional existence on it, and that was Leonel Morales, and it seemed it had done her good.

That boy used a single offhanded and subtle clue to grasp the secret of the Dream Plane and now he was actually trying to use it against her. This sort of seedling was exactly the kind the Dream Pavilion would fawn over. Not even 30 years old and yet had entered the Impetus State and touched upon the Dream Plane, there were only two on par with him in the entire younger generation of the Vast Bubble...

Unfortunately, he had made the wrong choice.

Veiga waved a hand and several protective talismans appeared. Leonel had learned from the memories of the seven that protective treasures existed. What he hadn't learned was that there were other methods of protection, and one of them was a direct shroud by another expert who could enter the Dream Plane.

Toying with an ignorant boy was child's play.