Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

CRACK!

Leonel hurriedly retracted his hand, but it was already too late.

A massive fissure snaked across the crystal, expelling with it a hardly noticeable fog.

The moment Leonel retracted his hand, the blinding lights lingered for a moment before quickly receding. Soon, his figure was clearly seen once more, allowing several pairs of eyes to fall on his body.

Lionus, especially, was speechless. Everything happened too fast for the others to get a clear understanding of what had happened, but he had been able to catch a faint inkling. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The reality was that having just a single affinity was impossible. Most people had many different affinities. The only difference was in how those affinities compared. In fact, the truth of the matter was that much of the reason affinities were so low among the majority of the population was because these differing affinities would clash with one another, making it more difficult to excel in one.

What set Childes apart was their ability to filter out the noise. Ironically, their affinities for secondary or tertiary elements was much lower than their counterparts, but in return, they gained great affinity in just one aspect.

However, Lionus was certain that what he had seen was correct. In that brief moment, Leonel formed a blinding dark gold halo.

This should have all been fine. After all, the formation of a halo was the marker of a Childe. To be both a Holy Son and a Childe… Leonel would be the only one in their entire Kingdom! Even Lionus' own father wasn't considered a Childe of the Light Element when he first started. It was only after years of meditation and practice that he reached this standard.

But… The issue was that dark gold wasn't the symbollic marker for the Light Element… It was the marker for the Earth Element!

Lionus' brows involuntarily trembled.

Leonel's affinity for the Earth Element was actually obscene to the point of directly suppressing his Light Element. Not only that, but its affinity was so far beyond the standard of? a Childe that it would have shattered the crystal had Leonel not reacted so quickly.

'The color for the Earth Element should have been a dirty yellowish brown color. But that was most definitely a bright bronze or dark gold color… That means that Leonel's not only an Earth Elemental Childe, but also one with a variant affinity…'

Lionus exhaled a long breath.

"… Sorry…"

Leonel's voice finally broke the silence. But the word he spoke caused Lionus to be speechless. Eventually, the Crown Prince laughed bitterly and shook his head.

"It's nothing to worry about, this crystal is easily replaceable. We have mines filled with it and even have higher grade ones used exclusively by Magi."

Hearing this, Leonel sighed a breath of relief.

However, after a moment, he sunk into his own thoughts. He too had senses sharp enough to notice that his halo was actually dark gold and not gold. From what Lionus explained to him, it seemed his affinity for the Earth Element was even higher than his affinity for the Light Element.

At the same time, he could tell that his Light Element wasn't any weaker than that of a Childe either. The issue was that this crystal was only able to show a single affinity at a time and tended toward the more powerful one.

'I see…'

Leonel had come here expecting to just pour his heart and soul into studying Light Elemental Magic Arts. But, if things were like this, he couldn't neglect his Earth Element either.

**

While Leonel was taking every advantage he could from the Mage Academy, it couldn't be forgotten that there was 11 others who had entered this Zone with him. And, in a lot of ways, their methods were far better than his own. Maybe this wasn't the case in the ultimate result, but it was most definitely the case in baseline success.

Rather than coming with their own identity, the others took advantage of the fact this was a land without technology to take on the identities of those who already called Camelot home. As a result, unlike the unlucky Leonel, they didn't have to worry about being called traitors.

Of course, it wasn't that Leonel hadn't thought of this… It was just that he was unwilling to commit the cruel acts necessary to take such an identity for himself.

That said… This wasn't the only method either.

At that moment, Supreme Monet sat in silent meditation on a large bed. She wore a silk lace gown, defining her curves. Despite the faint wrinkles on her face, she still had a stifling, captivating beauty that could cause the hearts of men to boil.

The deep ravine of her chest revealed the not so subtle mounds of soft flesh and the mesh of lace that covered them showed just a hint of her rounded pink nipples.

It could only be said that the sight was simply too enticing. If not for the fact she was sitting down in meditation, her lower half might just very well be another sight to behold.

At that moment, the doors to her room opened. But, the one who entered wasn't what one would expect at all.

A familiar woman wearing a deep black dress sauntered into the room. Her countenance was exceptionally pale, yet somehow had a healthy glow to it. It felt as though she had been carved of ice and had not a drop of blood within her body.

The woman walked to Monet who slowly opened her eyes. Monet could only lift her chin as the black dressed woman pulled it up with a slender finger that soon traced her jaw.

Seeing the enticing view of Monet's body, the woman breath hitched ever so slightly, her face finally gaining just the slightest red hue.

"I usually like younger women." The black dressed woman said softly, her voice as smooth as silk. "But it seems that I've missed out on the allure of maturity. You are to my liking, you'll serve me tonight."

The black dress that followed the woman's curves slowly fell, revealing a perfectly sculpted body. In fact, her figure held a hidden power within it, carrying the faint carved muscles of a man while maintaining the soft curves of a woman.

Her breasts stood erect and proud as she lifted a long slender leg, placing it on the bed Monet sat upon. A fragrant bush graced her most sacred region, just barely revealing two pink lips hidden beneath.

The woman stood like this for a moment, one leg planted on the soft carpets of the room and the other lifted up to the silk sheets of the bed. She allowed Monet who sat before her to take in her alluring body without the slightest hint of shame or bashfulness as she continued to stroke the latter's jawline.

Monet's expression was calm as she met the woman's gaze, carrying a hint of the lofty air the latter carried. But, this only seemed to make the woman want her more.

Then, as though she couldn't wait any longer, her slender fingers stopped tracing Monet's chin and grasped it gently. A soft moan escaped the woman's cherry lips as she pulled? Monet's head between her legs.

The woman placed a hand on the back of Monet's head, sinking into pleasure. Her eyes closed and her head angled upward, soft rhythmic breaths heaving her chest up and down.

One could have never expected that the woman Monet was currently servicing with her tongue was the lofty Demon Lord, Modred.