Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2303 End Result?

Leonel didn't seem to be in a hurry to make a move. He had the whole world in the palm of his hands, they moved to his rhythm, not the other way around. He gave the hole in his chest another glance before his Force rumbled, and Instant Recovery activated.

Being far stronger than it had been in the past now that he had evolved it to an Eighth Dimensional Lineage Factor, even a beam that could kill Ancestors instantly wasn't immune from his abilities. Quite quickly, the hole in his chest was fixed, and he finally gave Veiga a glance.

The Cross Elder still didn't look like much had changed on the surface, but what good were her facial expressions to Leonel any longer? He could see her very soul in the Dream Plane, and he knew exactly how shaken she was.

"I don't believe I've had the pleasure," Leonel said with a smile. "Though, I can't say that it is one even now. I've lost count of the number of times Shield Cross Stars has tried to kill me."

The Half Spiritual Overlord frowned. She could feel that the formation had returned, but it was most definitely not in her control any longer. She suddenly felt like she was stuck between a rock and a hard place.

On one side, there was the enemy that had come to take her down, and on the other side... well, there was an enemy that had come to take her down. Now, one of them was trapped within the formation she had thought was largely shattered, and she was trapped with them.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel gave her a knowing glance, but ultimately didn't say anything. This formation in his hands, especially now that his mind had connected to the Dream Plane was more than enough to deal with all situations. Of course, he didn't plan on destroying the Half Spirituals, and they were just another pawn in his game. But they didn't need to know that just yet.

He had learned quite a lot in his short life, not the least of which was that people often didn't appreciate the things that were given to them on a silver platter. The Spirituals had to understand that he was doing them a favor.

The other races might be afraid of what the Vast Bubble had in store for them, but that hadn't stopped them from teaming up to attack his father, now had it? It was clear and obvious to him that many of them were trying to play both sides, trying to thread a needle that would allow them to live beyond their usefulness to the humans that ruled them from the Complete World above.

He didn't need fence sitters. He needed people that would follow his orders properly. If he had to adjust for every possible betrayal like he did today, even he couldn't guarantee whether he would succeed or not.

If he suddenly gained a bunch of people who had second thoughts about everything he did, just how much pressure would he be under to keep them all in line? He would be much better off just directly killing all of the people so that they wouldn't be a problem for him in the future.

Leonel turned his attention back to Veiga, but it seemed that the latter didn't want to speak.

"LEONEL!"The shriek was filled with rage, but Leonel only sent a glance toward it. "Shut up."

A violent pressure descended toward Yuri, and even the outer hull of her starship almost shattered to pieces as she shuddered. She almost felt as though her soul was about to be ripped out of her body and she seemed to snap out of her daze, but Leonel had already ignored her.

He had been doing a lot of that recently. He didn't care to deal with Yuri, and she had always felt like a great annoyance to him.

Of course, he understood her perspective and where her thoughts came from... He just didn't care. His own emotions were already wild and unfettered; he didn't have the time to help out someone else deal with theirs.

The instant he looked back toward Veiga, he raised a hand, and the starships all aimed toward her, each one gaining a clone they hadn't had before.

Veiga immediately began to shout out orders, causing a linked shield to form, but with a single blast, Leonel perfectly targeted all of their weaknesses, blasting them to smithereens. And then, he moved.

Golden dust particles danced around Leonel as his arm reached out, a black rod appearing.

The black spear trembled, and a billowing black fog shot out from it. Its blade suddenly spanned dozens of kilometers, all wrapped in a nebula of golden dust. He used so much of the formation's power and so seamlessly at that that the Half Spiritual Overlord felt her eyes bulging out of her sockets.

Leonel was actually controlling each individual strand of golden dust as though it was its own weapon. Just what level of mind did it take to do that?

The devastation was far beyond what the Half Spirituals could have imagined. The ships of Shield Cross Stars, each dwarfing a planet in size, were all suddenly split in two. As though a black hole vanished into a scythe's blade, rotating with golden stars, had suddenly decided to manifest between the tops and bottoms of their warships.

It was a strike as beautiful as it was destructive, and final as it was pure.

It was hard to imagine just how many had died from that strike. Not a single one was an Ancestor, but even so, the blow was unimaginable; it might even be said that the very foundation of Shield Cross Stars had been shaken.

Veiga looked upon this scene with the very same indifference, but her mind was in turmoil.

She had taken him seriously. She had moved with full force. She had even used underhanded tactics against a child.

Just how had this been the end result, exactly?