Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2310 Two Way Street

Leonel didn't follow the God Path, but his soul constructs did. It could be said that over 95% of all Ancestors in the Human Domain followed the God Path. There was a reason it was the Path that the Void Palace demanded of their students. It was the path that had allowed most of the elites of the Human Domain to rise up like they had.

The actions of the mysterious person that had placed him into this situation made Leonel realize that there was more to the God Path than what met the eye. But he, obviously, couldn't go back and choose a new path, and even if he could, he wouldn't. His intuition told him that [Dimensional Cleanse] was a far better bet for himself.

But it got him thinking. Had he really reached the potential of his Emperor's Might Lineage Factor just because he had succeeded in comprehending its three strongest techniques?T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The answer didn't feel as obvious as it should. The three strongest techniques were meant to build upon one another, slowly building a foundation that could make the next and final steps logical. But Leonel had skipped all of that and went right to the strongest abilities of the Lineage Factor, ignoring much of its subtleties.

In such a situation, how could he know with any certainty that he was pressing his potential forward to the greatest extent?

His connection to the Dream Plane seemed to have only solidified that truth. He felt like he had been a child messing around with a toy, and that toy just so happened to be a loaded gun.

That wasn't to say that Leonel was in any danger while using his Lineage Factor, not that he knew of, anyway. It was rather that he still didn't quite understand just how lethal it could be, and he felt that he had just taken a step toward understanding.

Not only could he use the Dream Plane to pass down his own understanding to his soul constructs, but the reverse was possible as well.

Like he had said. He might not follow the God Path, but his soul constructs had when they lived, and if he applied some of the concepts of the Spirituals Religion formation, and also some of the strategy of the mysterious existence that was toying with him from the shadows... then if he sprinkled atop of that some of his own theories on Force Arts, namely ones used in armies...

The five soul constructs resonated with one another and they thrummed with life. The hum of nature echoed and the golden dust particles that were aimlessly floating in the air seemed to come to life once more.

Of course, it was nothing like the truest formation. The use was limited as it didn't have the core of the formation any longer since Leonel had destroyed it. Leonel's understanding of the Spirituals Religion's formation wasn't yet deep enough to simply reconstruct it using his soul constructs, but that was more than enough...

To send these Overlords to their deaths.

Five arrows streaked through the air, and yet it felt like just one. Tracilia's chest was ripped apart and her body was sent flying backward like a broken rag doll. However, she couldn't even land, or even be sent flying into the endless distance, before she was shredded to pieces, even her blood being torn to ash.

The soul constructs pulled their bows back once more and aimed toward Maxx, but Leonel shook his head and sighed as they fired.

The arrows had only just left their bows when the soul constructs shattered to pieces. In the distance, their arrows weakened considerably, but still slammed into Maxx with an undying force.

Maxx's chest caved in and his consciousness shuddered. It took everything he had to remain conscious, but he was still sent flying backward much like Tracilia. He was only lucky that he didn't have to suffer the same fate.

Leonel shook his head. It seemed that using his soul constructs for more than just their base uses limited the time they could last even further. He had already felt that instilling them with his insight into the bow had shrunk the time they had considerably, but it seemed that taking a step beyond that caused the hour he should have had to fall to just a few seconds.

Even so, the outcome was still acceptable. It was unfortunate that he didn't have any more Ancestor souls that were experts in the bow in their lifetimes, but the fact Tracilia was dead and Maxx was on his last legs was a worthy trade regardless.

Leonel looked toward the battle of the Morales and Half Spirituals and shook his head. The casualties were about as devastating as he expected, it was a complete mess. There were no formations, none of the tactics he liked to use. Things might have still been fine had they been organized enough to make proper use of the armors he had given them, but they were too scattered to even do that.

In addition, many of the armors that Leonel had constructed were purely auxiliary in function and only provided help when used in the context of an army. What could forming small scale light illusions, for example, do in a battle like this?

He took a breath, scanning the battlefield so quickly his pupils looked as though they were bouncing around his sockets. On a battlefield this large and expensive, his Internal Sight wasn't enough. At that moment, he wished for the complete Bow Domain Lineage Factor more than he had ever before.

Then, he stretched his Dream Force into the Dream Plane, immediately sending out tens of millions of orders, each one specified and unique for the person in question in an instant.

It was time to turn this battle around before the other Overlords of the Half Spirituals could realize what was wrong.

Even as he did so, his hand reached and grasped out, pulling the spatial device that Tracilia had taken out the communication device from before her soul or Maxx could react.