Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2311 A Best Way

The battlefield became like a Go Board. The swiftness with which the situation changed was shocking, and in as little as a few seconds, the casualties went from about equal on both sides, to slightly lopsided, and then the Morales began to slowly take a firm upper hand.

...

A Morales sharply thrust their spear, but retreated a moment later. He glided backward across the depths of space exactly 112 meters, only to sense a heat behind him as a part of his armor began to resonate.

He didn't need to look behind him to know that someone with a matching set to his armor had appeared. They both acted at once, causing their Force to roll and their armor to link.

They both threw out another spear, the flickering light of illusion painting the skies. Their enemies couldn't dodge at all. How could they when they didn't know which spear was real?

...

In another section of the battle, a single Morales found herself surrounded by three Half Spirituals. Beaten and broken, there was no chance for her to escape. Her Absolute Spear Domain roared with what felt like the last of her Force, causing the enemies to take a step back, but it was only a brief reprieve as they rushed forward.

Suddenly, there was a subconscious suggestion in her mind and she twisted her body. However, the light of hope came to an end as soon as it came. Her body was pierced by swords and a glaive from three sides. The pain shot through her like a torrent and she could feel her life slipping away.

But that darkness of death didn't come like she expected. She had thought that she was dead for sure, but only now realized that the blades had missed her vital organs. No, more accurately, what was vital, what wasn't, the line between life and death, that was decided by her, wasn't it?

The Spear Domain Lineage Factor... No, the Morales Lineage Factor... what did it mean for the Absolute Spear Domain, a pure offensive ability, to fuse with their Metal Bodies and their Divine Armors?

She felt that she had a vague idea.

She released her spear, causing it to vanish. She grabbed onto the two sword blades, pulling down and snapping them before throwing both broken blades into the brows of their owners.

At the same time, her spear suddenly appeared behind the head of the glaive wielder, shredding them to pieces.

...Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Two Morales brothers, sharing the same branch bloodline, pressing their backs to one another. They trusted each other with their lives, just like they always had. They would make it out of here just like they had every time before.

One of them gritted his teeth with determination, blood trickling down his chin until his heart suddenly felt hollow.

The solid back pressed against his suddenly went limp. He could feel the life of his brother draining as a sharp blade pierced an inch into his back. He didn't need to look to see what had happened, someone had just driven a blade through his brother's heart so far that it had almost run through him as well.

The Morales looked down and watched as a familiar spear drifted down beneath his feet. Once again, he didn't need to look to see what had happened. His brother had thrown his spear away, grabbing onto the sword with both hands so that it wouldn't drive through him as well.

A suggestion pressed onto his mind as he roared in fury, his Absolute Spear Domain raging like a torrent.

The energies of the world were suddenly being swallowed with a vicious momentum.

The Metal Body of the Morales could assimilate metals and earth. This was the foundation for many of their strongest techniques... Metal Body... Divine Armor... countless others...

This ability, though, was built off the back of an insatiable greed to devour, a greed that reminded this Morales brother a lot of the Metal Spirit.

He really wanted to be one. He really wanted to swallow everything in his path, to rampage with fury fueling his mind.

His Absolute Spear Domain rushed outward, swallowing all the Force in the surroundings, assimilating them, and then using that strength to shred everything in his path apart.

They would pay for the death of his brother.

...

Leonel breathed heavily sweat drenching his brows.

In the past, he had created a technique to help his brothers improve and keep up with his steps. He called it Dream Path.

Unfortunately, this ability was one of the few that he had created with the help of his Ability Index that didn't work out well. As a result, he had only used it once on his brothers, but ended up abandoning it.

But after awakening in the Dream Plane, he had come to understand some things. He still couldn't just draw out a path for a person, and he had overestimated himself far too much when he thought that he had the ability to. Instead, he could sense the small kernels of inspiration they had brewing in their subconscious and push them forward.

There were millions of Morales, each with their own ideas, each with their own thoughts on how to progress, but many of them found themselves tied down. Either they hadn't reached the perfect circumstances for enlightenment, or they were so tied down by tradition and hierarchy that they didn't dare to strike out on their own path.

However, seeing through their thoughts, Leonel realized that maybe there was no right way or even a best way to use a Lineage Factor. There was a huge array of application methods, and each one had its own viability. This was only more so for a recently mutated Lineage Factor like their own.

So he gave them the nudge that he deserved.

The battlefield became a mixture of continuous breakthroughs and squadrons that quickly became teams, and teams that quickly became battalions and battalions that quickly became armies.

Just when the tide was firmly on the side of the Morales, the Overlords of the Spirituals Religion finally realized that something was wrong.