Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2312 Over

Leonel sent a glance toward the planets below, his breathing labored. Not far from him, Maxx and Tracilia were still trying to gather themselves.

Tracilia wasn't a threat. As a Half Spiritual, after losing her body, while she could survive, she was far weaker. He could probably defeat her on his own even without relying on a formation or his soul constructs.

Maxx was in a state of great weakness right now. He was nigh incapacitated and only barely managed to hold onto his consciousness. He wasn't a threat, at least not on his own. He could still launch an attack if it came to, but Leonel still held back from trying to deal him a final blow. This old man was definitely not simple. Even if you pressed a normal animal into a corner, they could lash out, let alone an ancient beast.

Leonel took a breath, trying to catch his breath, but he realized that he was practically hyperventilating. He was breathing so heavily based on a reflex, not because he needed to. That much was proved by the fact his breath was actually so controlled rather than causing waves of hurricane force winds like it usually did.

The fatigue was soul deep, it was a depletion of his Dream Force and a fatigue of his mind, something he hadn't experienced in a long time. It was nothing like a bodily fatigue might be, no amount of breathing hard would help him.

With a thought, his three Dream Stars took shape and began to rotate with a fierce momentum.

Leonel suddenly gasped and it felt as though he finally caught his breath. His gaze sharpened as he felt the difference and his plan changed.

He had forgotten. The manifestation of his Stars wasn't just a method to accumulate Dream Force quickly, nor was it just a representation of his Universal Cycles. It was the manifestation of his path, the path of Dimensional Cleanse.

In an instant, he found that he could travel much further in the Dream Plane, and every action he took stripped away a lesser amount of his Dream Force.

He sent out more commands, and suggestions that were more precise. The efficiency of his control over the Morales army skyrocketed even as the Overlord of the Spirituals, the woman he assumed to be Poppy, rushed out from her hiding spot.

He sent out a final wave of orders as he snapped his attention toward the coming ballista.

Poppy was another beautiful older woman, but she had a fiery temper that rivaled that of a bubbling volcano. Her hair was a shortcut blaze of red, her eyes just as piercing red. Leonel would have thought her to be a Brazinger if he didn't know better.

At the moment, ten shadows appeared by Leonel's side.

"Is it done?" Leonel asked.

Joel tossed an orb at Leonel.

Leonel nodded, but the confusion on the faces of Maxx and Tracilia practically formed tangible phantoms. That orb... it was definitely the communication device that Leonel had just taken from Tracilia, but these ten hadn't been by Leonel's side from the beginning that meant...

Maxx's gaze turned solemn.

That meant that Leonel had sent them on a mission before even getting his hands on the communication device, before he had even seen Tracilia take it out.

The realization hit Tracilia at the same time and her heart trembled. Her gaze turned to her fellow brothers and sisters in the distance. Every moment, another one of them fell, and they weren't lucky enough to maintain their souls like she had. The Morales directly targeted their weaknesses. Somehow, many of them had gained the ability to kill them with a single strike.

"Easy enough," Joel said. "With the orb, the location was as easy as breathing to find."

Leonel had sent the ten on a simple mission. Their goal was to find the entrance of the Spirituals Religion Holy Land.

Any communication device required a receiver, and any such receiver would give off fluctuations. If the communication device was modified under a Crafter as skilled as Leonel, the receiver would become no different from a beacon.

Of course, Leonel didn't need to send them for just this. If it was just this, he could have found the location from right here.

There were two things he needed.

The first was to lure Overlord Poppy here. What better way than to send enemies to her resting place?

The second was to find the core of the formation that Leonel had been forced to destroy. As he had predicted, the moment Poppy was alerted, she noticed the problem going on outside and had no choice but to rush here. While she did that, these ten had brought the shattered core she had been forced to leave behind here.

As expected, Raj tossed something at Leonel soon afterward. It was just a ring, but within, there was a shattered core the size of a planet's core.

Leonel shook his head. Luckily, he had sent Anastasia with them, or else putting such a thing into a spatial treasure would have been impossible.

And even further than that, it was lucky that he had chosen the method of shattering the formation core that he had.

Leonel hadn't just indiscriminately shattered the formation. Instead, he had treated it like a puzzle, following along the fissure lines and only breaking them along those weak points.

Due to this, it was not only far easier to rip apart. But, due to his Crafting skill reaching the molecular level...Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It was also far easier to put back together.

BOOM!

The entire battlefield froze. Every warrior, including Poppy, Maxx and Tracilia felt like their bodies had been marred in cobwebs of time and space.

Before, the core of the formation had been light years away and Leonel could only use an endless chain of commands to control it from an obscene distance. The design of the formation made this possible as it was designed to be used across the entire solar system, but that didn't mean that it didn't have its weaknesses.

Now, however, the core of the formation was right here.

This battle was over.