Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2324 Manipulation

Leonel's smile didn't fade even as he said this. The truth was that the difference between now and the matters of the past was his breakthrough in Dream Force. With the Dream Plane, his senses had sharpened considerably. Maybe on a Complete World, experts at this level would be more adept at hiding their emotions even in the Dream Plane, but on this world, they were entirely incapable.

It made sense, in a twisted sort of way. Leonel had already made a guess that the Demoness was responsible for the hidden faction of the Morales. He didn't know why, if there was some larger plan, or if she just found it interesting. But what he did know was that wherever she was, it was easier to manipulate the happenings in this place if everyone was as ignorant of the Dream Plane as possible.

They were practically an open book. He couldn't read their minds, but with his intelligence, sifting through their emotions and figuring out exactly what they meant was as easy as breathing. They simply couldn't hide anything from him.

He had known that he would be able to expose them so easily, so why should he hide the true extent of his knowledge? Seeing them react like this, he almost felt a childish sort of satisfaction.

His rage toward that woman had been buried deep, but it hadn't vanished. Knowing that there were existences here that were her pawns really made him want to do something he knew he would regret.

No matter what Leonel did, the truth was that he didn't want to be surrounded by enemies. It was tiresome to have to plot and scheme everything. He missed having Aina by his side... she was a partner he had never felt the need to question, a woman he trusted without hesitation.

At the very least, he still had his mother. She wasn't here now, but Leonel knew that she was likely not far away. If he really needed her, she would be here. It was just that her presence wasn't necessary, because as he had said... he was undefeatable in Morales territory.

"Nobody wants to say anything?" Leonel shook his head, pulling up a seat between his legs and leaning his chin on its backrest.

The old Overlord looked toward Leonel deeply. Has he underestimated this boy again? Judging by the reaction, it seemed that he hadn't just picked out these people randomly, but how had he done it?

Suddenly, the Overlord sensed something familiar and his pupils constricted. That ability... the last time he had seen it used was Velasco. But the difference was that Velasco didn't care enough to do anything about it. Velasco didn't like his mother, but for whatever reason he didn't carry actual hatred for her. Others might not understand this, but Leonel definitely did.

Back when Alienor was nothing more than a vague figure in Leonel's mind, he hadn't thought about her, he hadn't pined for her, he hadn't even cared to meet her. Part of this was because of his own personality, but there was another reason that he never really put into words.

His father was his hero, the strongest man he knew and a mythical figure in his mind. The idea of a woman leaving him wasn't something he even wanted to confront, so he simply didn't.

In all likelihood, Velasco was the same. He was willing to give up so much just to take down the man responsible for his father's death. Even if he never said it in so many words, it was clear that Leonel's grandfather's place in his father's heart was the same as his own father in his own.

There might be other reasons, but this was the explanation that Leonel vaguely accepted. It probably wasn't something that most would immediately jump to.

"... Your grandmother?" The old woman spoke slowly.

"Oh!" Leonel's brows shot up. "Now this is much more interesting; you actually don't know."

The old woman went by Overlord Guiliana. She was known for her poise and calm, but this situation was making it difficult even on her.

"I've been wondering for a long time how all this worked, what was your goal, what purpose this all had, so I'll get a few guesses out of the way. The least you guys can do is listen to my thoughts, right? After all, you already invited yourselves into my home."

Leonel continued without waiting for their response.

"A long while ago, I ran into two interesting families. Well, three, technically, though two are basically attached at the hip. They call themselves the Radix, the Midas, and the Florer families. Each one of them had a Lineage Factor that was fascinating to me.

"One of them could breathe life into ores, making them react more like organic matter than inorganic.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"One of them could eat fire much like we can eat metals, incorporating them into their strength and gaining strength from them.

"And the final one had an extraordinary amount of vitality that could be applied in all sorts of unique ways."

Leonel's palms suddenly flipped over.

A chalice, a ball, and a flickering, undying flame. They radiated much weaker auras now than they had in the past, a consequence of passing the Lineages to so many. But even so, within the walls of the Morales territory, they seemed to explode with life once more, gaining a second and even third wind. Of course, this was because Leonel had helped them along with the Morales World Spirit.

All of the Ancestors present felt themselves stir, particularly those that Leonel had pointed out.

"These Lineage Factors didn't seem to have much to do with our own, but I kept feeling this nagging sensation, a sensation that made me feel as though they were linked, that they might even be one in the same."

Leonel shook his head, putting the items away.

"Now, I know that these weren't really my own thoughts. At the very least, I didn't experience them so boldly, it was at best a kernel of suspicion I had.

"No, the real reason I was so certain was because someone had manipulated me into believing it was so."