Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2325 United

Leonel scanned the room calmly. "I thought long and hard about why it was that an existence like the Demoness would care so much about this matter, but then someone told me a little story, a story about Godlike beings finding the Human Race to be extremely convenient test experiments for their paths.

"Then it all clicked for me. The Morales were convenient lab rats, and my grandfather was probably a man who broke through certain barriers that the Demoness was looking for. So, she chose to sire a child, a child who ended up being quite a success in my father, and she even managed to reproduce the success with my uncle.

"But it was all so very curious. My uncle was clearly far less powerful than my father, so why was that? Why would she purposely seal away one of her sons and only allow one of them to thrive?

"I didn't know the answer to this one either, at least not initially. But then..." Leonel laughed, letting his words hang for a bit. "I bet you're seeing a little bit of a pattern here, aren't you? I don't know something, and then I suddenly conveniently do. It's enough to drive you crazy. Is it really because you're so smart, so intelligent? Or is it because I'm being manipulated again?"

Seeing the glare he was getting, Leonel's smile deepened, and he didn't seem to mind it. The charisma that exuded from him was palpable, but all these Ancestors could feel was that uncomfortable uncertainty that they too were being manipulated.

"But then," Leonel continued, "I learned of the Dream Plane. It is worse than a two-way street, it's a street of infinite lanes and paths, ones that can be used by a countless number of people. I wondered if the Demoness was making so many moves in this small world, just how many of them could be hidden? If she could even sense her name being spoken, what could bad actors sense should they wish to do so?

"So, she took precautions. She only allowed one of her sons to thrive. She didn't take action when her sperm donor died. And she even split the Lineage Factor she was working on into several pieces until the time was ripe.

"She buried much of her influence into the psyche of the Morales, keeping many of you in the dark, splitting you into factions, stirring the confusion to the point that even you all thought you were on different sides.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"And now, she expects me to pick up the pieces. After all, I was the one that fused her precious Lineage Factor into one, and I'm also the one that needs to succeed in the trial the Cataclysm Zone has planned for us so I can deliver myself to her in one piece.

"She can't have any scratches getting on me, now could she? I'm her precious lab rat-I mean, grandson. She also can't let me risk my safety anymore than I already have, so how could she let me use my bloodline freely? That would make it possible for her enemies to sense me and that would ruin my chances of staying alive until I fell into her clutches."

Leonel's smile was still there, but it was decidedly dark and cold. The chill in the room now had far less to do with the Ancestors, and those that had yet to meet Leonel before only now realized just the level of horror they were facing.

The entirety of the Morales Sector seemed to bear down on them. It was the kind of heart-rending pressure that made them all want to fall to their knees.

Leonel waved a hand, and at that moment, a startled Third Nova appeared, causing Issa's expression to change several times. First came astonished relief, then confusion, then a hint of embarrassment, then rage, before it all came crashing down into a helpless sigh.

He really played them all.

"Regardless of what you all think of me, I am not a bloodthirsty person, especially not toward my family. You say that I turned the Human Domain against you all, but I'll say it again. The Human Domain is already against you all. There has been no room for negotiation ever since my father died. He was far more of a deterrent than any of you all know.

"I would like our family to be a united front. But if you can't trust me to do what I need to do, even after all I've already accomplished, then say so now. Because if I learn of it later-and trust me, I will learn of it-my reaction will be as cruel and ruthless as what all the others have experienced.

"If you want to be a separate faction then, then I would allow you to be a separate faction, and I would also treat you as such."

Third Nova stood blankly, not quite knowing what to say or so. He didn't understand what was going on, but judging by the situation, Leonel had succeeded in becoming Patriarch. But Leonel's standing as Patriarch seemed to be far beyond anything he had ever seen before.

Just why were so many Ancestors gathered here, just what...

He felt his heart tremble.

"You... where...?" Leonel gave Third Nova a glance, and the latter froze in place. He regretted that he had spoken immediately. He had wanted to ask about his demon companion, but... just what was this presence?

Leonel's gaze suddenly flickered as he looked up.

"It seems that our time has come to an end. By this time tomorrow, the Human Domain will be united as one. I hope that in that time, the Morales will also be as united, or else I'll have to shed the same blood here as I have outside."

Leonel stood, a halo of light descending toward him as he vanished, leaving a stunned Third Nova and a group of elders without the words to speak.