Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2327 Today.

"... You got it? It'll make you really cool, I promise."

Little Blackstar's eyes lit up. When he thought about it, what Leonel said made sense. He had always wanted to change shape like Little Tolly. That annoying bastard always got the good stuff. But if he did things like this, he really would have a chance at finally one-upping that guy.

He was so excited that he vanished in a swirl of darkness, then came back not even a half second later to lick Leonel's face on the left, vanished again to lick him from the right, before finally disappearing into the Segmented Cube.

Leonel smiled.

What he had told Little Blackstar was based on his speculation, but he felt that it was very close to the truth.

The strongest ability of Little Blackstar, one that he had from the very beginning, was his mimicry. While it was true that Leonel had triggered it with a bloodline he had traded from his uncle, that was a bloodline that was within Blackstar from the start. The Mimicry Bat had only helped Blackstar to trigger it, different from the Void Beast blood that threatened to alter Blackstar's path completely.

This was only further proven with the ability that Little Blackstar gained after entering the Seventh Dimension. Rather than using his ridiculous offensive power, or even using the Anarchic Force he had gained control of as a defensive barrier, Little Blackstar did something that left Leonel speechless.

During the Heir Wars, Little Blackstar had used his Force to form illusions of great beasts like the dragon Leonel had ridden into battle.

Of all the methods of using Anarchic Force, this was probably the absolute worst, and the Void Beast definitely didn't have an ability like this either. The Void Beast was a God Beast of Destruction, why would it have to turn into anything else? And could it even mimic other creatures in the first place, something that was clearly a branch of creation, if it was so obviously on the path of destruction?

It didn't make sense, but it was also because of that that Leonel was more assured in his assumption of what Little Blackstar's original path was.

The Shadow Tail was unironically perfect for Little Blackstar as a result. The amorphous, flexible blobs of darkness, that endless curtain of fog that could be anything, become anything...

What could be better for Little Blackstar?

Of course, Leonel couldn't just explain things so clearly. He had been treating Little Blackstar as an equal from the very beginning, and that hadn't changed. But that had skewed his perception.

Little Blackstar was still a child, and should be guided as such. So, instead of talking logic, he goaded the little guy a bit.

Tolliver and Blackstar had had a rivalry from the very beginning. Rather than using it as a negative and trying to suppress it, he chose to do the opposite. He bet the next time Blackstar came from his seclusion, the little guy would finally show some real improvement.

'Ah, we're here.'

Leonel looked up to find death and carnage strewn all around him. But as for how much of that was the Morales, well...

Zero.

Starships of all shapes and sizes lit up the skies not with their lasers, but rather their destruction.

Leonel knew what this was, it was just the first wave. Although he had seemed to just be on a light stroll, with the strength of the World Spirit, he had already traveled to the edge of Morales territory.

There weren't any powerful Seventh Dimensional families among their number. These were just the Sixth Dimensional families, riled up by the losses of their children and then goaded into action as the vanguard of this attack.

The truly powerful ones were still watching on, but they had likely never guessed that things would be like this.

This was just the edge of Morales territory, and yet they hadn't even managed to make much headway at all. As for why, that was all too obvious.

The suppression of the Morales territory was unlike anything the Human Domain had faced off against in the past. Sending talents of the Sixth Dimension here was akin to sending lambs to the slaughter.

Not only were they suppressed, but the boost to the Morales themselves was enormous.

Even at the worst, many of the Morales fought easily three Tiers above their strength, which was a watershed in any Dimension.

Some of the more talented Morales, who could communicate with their Constellation on a deeper level, could fight upward of an entire Dimension above.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

To make matters worse, the Morales was only strengthening every day.

Usually, just taking over one territory would have a slow process. But combining the slow process of over a dozen territories, two of which were on the same level as the Morales, had large cumulative effects.

Since the first attack, the Morales World Spirit had strengthened by at least 10% already, and the longer this war dragged out, the stronger the effects would be. Though... Leonel had no intention of dragging things out.

He knew that they would realize that they didn't have much of a choice. After all, if they did nothing as the Morales bided their time and grew stronger, one day they would die anyway. They would come. Once they understood that using these few Sixth Dimensional families as cannon fodder would be useless, they would attack.

So... Leonel thought that he might as well help them out.

A gentle light of silvery gold illuminated his Emulation Spatial Force Innate Node. The light wafted from the back of his neck, growing fiercer and fiercer.

He stretched his hands out and countless clones appeared, each one raising two hands into the mock form of a bow without one in sight.

Even so, the Bow Force energies of the world began to accumulate even as the clones continued to appear.

Thousands, then millions, then billions, then hundreds of billions.

If one had a mind as sharp as Leonel, it would be possible to see that he had formed the exact number of clones he needed to match the changing experts of the Sixth Dimensional families and organizations...

And then he sentenced them all to death.

The skies were washed in a blinding golden curtain of arrows and the battlefield fell into silence.

"This battle... there's no need for any more Morales blood to be shed. I will fight it alone."

This battle for the Human Domain would end today.