Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2338 Dimensional Eyes

Leonel didn't know what happened to him in the last half day, but he found this result to be quite amusing. It wasn't that he was so eager to become a Seeded Participant, but it was rather that he really couldn't imagine why the Dimensional Verse would pick anyone but him.

The Human Domain might not know, but how could the other Races not understand the level of strength he had access to? He had massacred them down to practically their last few descendants. How was there anyone in their younger generation a better pick?

Of course, one could argue that was the very reason they didn't pick him, but he didn't believe that that was a good enough reason.

That was because they should know the rules just like this little pink-eyed woman should. What did they think he would do if they stonewalled him out of fear of his massacring them again?

According to what this little woman said, they should know that he would spawn with them. Why would they put another one of their geniuses in the line of fire by risking the chance of enraging him?

Seeded Participant places could be taken through killing, so only a fool would think that it was safe.

Plus, they knew little to nothing about Leonel's power. They didn't know that he could only use it for a limited time, nor did they know that he had sworn off using it to scorn that woman. That meant, from their perspective, he had actually spared quite a number of them.

He had massacred the Beast Domain and the Nomad Domain, but he had "spared" the juniors of the Nomad Domain-mostly due to his uncle's interference-and he had also not even touched the Dwarven Domain, the Spirituals Domain, or even the Rapax Domain.

On the surface, then, it seemed illogical for them to even think about picking Leonel. But if you had even a modicum of critical thinking skills, you would realize that it was absolutely foolish for them to not. If anything, they were putting themselves at risk of his ire.

That meant that there were only two possibilities... maybe three.

The first was the most obvious. Since he had appeared here, that meant that he hadn't been present for whatever gathering of the minds they had had, or maybe he had even been unconscious for it. In addition, his power had clearly seemed to have plummeted, so if they had seen him unconscious, they would have definitely never thought him to still be powerful enough to do anything.

Of course, they were wrong, but it was still semi-reasonable.

The second was that he had never been there in the first place. Something his grandfather had done had displaced him from the Dimensional Verse, and that should also be why he hadn't appeared near the others. That would be the best explanation for what was going on.

So, with him gone, there were two, maybe actually three that were potentially worthy of becoming a Seeded Participant, so it made sense that they would pick someone else if one of them managed to show some promise that cleared the others.

Of course, the three Leonel was talking about was that Rapax egg he had saved all those years ago, that Nomad youth who had been part of the attack on the Void Battlefield, and finally, that Spiritual youth he had seen in the Bow Domain Tower who wielded the Bow Domain Ring.

Leonel had already met all three of them under various circumstances.

The Rapax, even as an egg, exuded quite the powerful aura. Leonel had a feeling that the fact that it was a Shadow Sovereign might even be the least of their strength.

The Nomad youth was the one he knew the least about and probably also the one with the greatest grudge against Leonel considering he had genocided his race. If he had become the Seeded Participant, Leonel doubted that the humans would have a very cold time at all.

A flash of coldness came across Leonel's eyes before he shook his head. He guessed that this was what they called the consequences of one's actions, but that didn't mean that he would allow that Nomad youth, Prince Gregwyn, to do as he pleased.

The last was the Spirituals youth. Leonel could still remember his aura quite firmly, and he was very powerful. But the current Leonel didn't feel the need to take him too seriously. The real question was if anything had changed since he saw him last.

Leonel looked up from his thoughts.

"Anything else?" Leonel asked.

"Ah right. They said that whoever manages to retain the Seeded Participant title at the end of everything will gain the right to choose with the God's Factions they join. The others will have to hope that they are selected, and those unworthy will become slaves."

"And I assume that means a single world can have more than one Seeded Participant, then?"

"Yes, that was implied..." the little woman nodded.

Leonel smiled, this woman was indeed interesting. She looked like a nervous wreck, but when it came to her deductions, she was fully confident in them. Leonel didn't believe that her true personality was one that was so reserved, but rather something that she had adopted so that she could seem as non-threatening as possible.

"Tell me, then, where do you come from?"

The little woman seemed to have expected this question and already had a response ready.

"I come from the Dimensional Eyes Incomplete World. We focus heavily on ocular techniques, but we are also very divided.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Many of us only form our Nodes above the neck, so our bodies are relatively weak, but our senses and skills are excellent.

"I can be considered to be above average in my cohort, but my family's legacy, the Opaque Radiance Lineage, has been cut off and only a few remain.

"My Dimensional Eyes give me the ability to remain calm, even when I'm not, and it also enhances my speed of thought and vision."