Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2342 Hunting

Leonel flashed forward with great speed. He now had a strong purpose for what he wanted to do and accomplish in this place, but it was still troublesome to figure out how exactly he would do it.

With the binds of Alphas to Betas, he couldn't just have the Betas lead him to their Alpha, or else they would die long before they go there. Just thinking about helping him had caused their eyes to combust with blood, there was only so much that he could do.

Thanks to this, finding them through tracking was impossible, but that didn't make him completely helpless. If he could find another Alpha, maybe their compulsions would be weaker. Or...

'Let me know how it goes, Anastasia. If you can remove the compulsions, that would be great. If you need me to gather some materials to make it possible first, we can do that as well.'

Anastasia's voice echoed in Leonel's ears.

'Removing the Blood Soul Force isn't actually all that difficult. The real problem is that it's tied and intertwined with their very Life Force. You can't extract one without the other. You might even need to use a method as crude as blood transfusion to make it work, but you'd need to replace their blood and their Life Force at the same time -'

'Something I can't even think of doing without a Vital Star Force Innate Node, huh?'

'Exactly.'

Leonel chuckled. What a circular problem he had on his hands. Why couldn't things ever just be simple and straightforward for him?

'Another method would be to just do what they've been doing themselves all this time.'

'You mean find a beast they're compatible with first, then do the blood swap?'

'Yes. It should work as long as you use your Dream Force to contain the proliferation of the Blood Soul Force into the new blood. It would be easy to do if you still have your King's Might Lineage Factor, but since it seems to be dormant, you'll need to create a new Force Art just for this purpose.'

Leonel nodded slowly.

In reality, he was learning a lot from this Beastman Dimensional Verse, not the least of which was the fact that even his King's Might Lineage Factor couldn't have saved these Betas even if it wasn't currently dormant.

Normally, his first instinct would have been to just kill these few beasts, extract their souls, then make them his minions. But according to Anastasia, even his King's Might Lineage Factor couldn't free them.

Instead, they would have been pulled in two different directions, one being a compulsion toward his orders, and the other toward the compulsions of their Alphas.

This was an awakening for Leonel in many ways. It meant that even when his King's Might Lineage Factor returned, something he was sure would happen, it wouldn't likely be an unrestrained cheat like it was in the Dimensional Verse.

If even an Incomplete World had measures against it, the humans that had been responsible for the fall of the Fawkes family most definitely had their own methods against and, they were probably far more robust.

'I'm still far away. At this speed, it'll take me half a day to catch up to this Seeded Participant of the Dimensional Verse.'

Leonel frowned. Too much could happen in half a day, and this round technically had its own time limit as well.

This time limit wasn't based on actual time, but rather the fall of a certain number of participants, that being 90%.

Once 90% had fallen, this round would come to an end and those with the highest kill rates would be ordered in two tiers.

The Seeded Participants would be in the first tier, while the other would be in the second tier. Meaning, even if a Seeded Participant had fewer kills than you, they would always remain ranked ahead of you.

These rankings would, apparently, be quite important for the second round which had rules that had yet to be disseminated.

'No, I can catch up and kill at the same time. If the round ends before I catch up, so be it.'

He doubted the round would end so quickly anyway. The rush of battle royales that started the round would take out a large number of people, but the fact there were Seeded Participants and a large number of allies would be spawned together would mitigate that to a great extent.

Plus, since there were opportunities to be found just laying around, he expected that many would focus on these first before they went on a killing spree.

It would be at least a month before those 90% figures could be reached. Unless...

Leonel looked up into the skies.

Something like the demand of a 90% death rate was truly vile, and he had a feeling that those above would do their best to force things along. They were on a schedule as well and they couldn't waste time even with the time dilation.

In fact, since they had brought everyone together like this, Leonel still didn't quite know if there was a time dilation at all.

Leonel took a breath and he suddenly expanded his Internal Sight outward, far and wide. It crossed over a thousand kilometers in an instant.

He locked onto a particular location and shot forward, his speed becoming faster and faster.

If he had run into a Beta squad of the Beastmen so quickly, then this was definitely the region they had all spawned in, and as such, there should be a large concentration of beastmen in the region.

In that case, he would go hunting.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

His aura flourished and rose into the skies as he stopped hiding himself entirely.

His Stars no longer appeared to his back, but his comprehension of the Natural Light Realm was still just the same. So, when he roared, the daylight faded and darkness descended.

For now, he would focus on killing his way through this region until the Alphas were forced to come to him.