Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2353 Thank You

Leonel stood up. He didn't begin to meditate on the spear and bow now because he knew that it was useless. Even if he regained his True Sovereignty, so what? His use of his Weapon Forces would be limited until he returned to his original strength.

This wasn't exactly true. Leonel had a feeling that the training plan his father had in store for him would allow him to use his Weapon Forces long before he returned to the Seventh Dimension. Or else, what would be the point? However, it wasn't worth the time expenditure currently.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Although what he had just done was much harder, he had also had a sudden moment of enlightenment that brought together all of his comprehensions from across several years of thought. He didn't have such momentum for the spear and bow themselves. If he wanted to meditate on it, it would probably take him at least a few weeks. If he battled, however, it would likely only take him a few days. Unless...

'Unless I use the Spear Domain ring...'

Leonel looked down at the ring, but he was already moving. There was a chance that if he continuously tried to gain the acknowledgment of the spears in the ring, he could cut down a few days' work to just a few hours. But once again, he felt that it wasn't worth the time.

When he gathered his Weapon Forces with his Mage Core, the effects weren't as strong. Though, he now understood why. The source of Weapon Forces came from one part humans and another part the world. If he solely gathered up Weapon Forces from the world, then he was cutting off half of its strength.

'That's interesting,' Leonel thought as he continued to move toward the Dimensional Verse's Seeded Participant. 'What if I used myself and the Mage Core at the same time, and then used my Spear Dance on top of that. Would I be able to gain a spear strike that was close to the Life State as a result?'

Leonel's thoughts swirled with ideas, but he soon tossed them to the back of his mind. It didn't matter how many ideas he came up with if in the end, he couldn't use them. His first priority was to strengthen himself. That meant that his focus should be knocking down the other two items on his father's list. This meant that he had to bring all of his Forces to the Impetus State, and then find a way to enter the Constellation Realm without leaving the Third Dimension.

'Easy peasy.'

Leonel chuckled to himself. What were his Forces? He had Vital Star Force, Scarlet Star Force, Void Star Void, and Emulation Spatial Force; these were the few Forces he had left that hadn't reached the Impetus State. But did his father really mean all of them?

That was when Leonel realized he didn't need to just stumble around blindly anymore. He could just ask.

"... All Forces core to your path."

'My path?' Leonel mumbled. "How do I decide that?"

"Don't be an idiot."

Leonel was rendered speechless again. He had forgotten that this was an AI of his father, of course, it'd have a few answers like this one. So, he decided to be more specific.

"Right now, my core Forces are... Should I keep them as is?"

"Why do you have Void Star Force?"

"To balance out my Scarlet Star Force."

"And why do you need to balance it out?"

"Because..."

Leonel's voice trailed off. Back when he had made the decision to strengthen his Void Star Force, it was because he wanted the mirror of his Scarlet Star Force. This would not only help him keep it in check, but it would also provide him a different perspective in comprehending his Scarlet Star Force.

But now that he knew the balance to his Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes was this apparent creation path that he was on, was it still necessary? If anything, the Void Star Force might mess with the balance instead.

"That's a shame, having ten Stars was kind of cool..."

"I don't need you to have ten Stars. In the end, your Stars will form a Force Art. This Force Art will become the only Natural Force Art you will ever need, and it will use your Constellation as its foundation. One Star, ten Star, nine Stars, a million Stars, it doesn't matter."

Leonel blinked. "I..."

He was about to finish his words when his gaze sharpened. He slipped his father's silver disk back into the Segmented Cube and he dodged to the side. An arrow hit the ground with such force that it cratered it. Even after doing this, it still didn't seem satisfied, splintering the ground that remained as its feathered earned whipped back and forth with enough force to cause hurricane force winds.

'... Maybe I should have strengthened my Bow Force back to True Sovereign Force after all, what an annoyance.'

Leonel's gaze sharpened as he saw the perpetrator in the distance. They were some sort of demon-monkey hybrid. His arms, and most of his body, really, was covered in a red, almost rusted fur. It was just that practically the only thing Leonel could see were his arms because they were so long.

If this demon monkey wanted, he could drag his knuckles across the ground as he walked. Upon closer inspection, Leonel actually noticed that this demon monkey, or one of the beast men, he presumed, actually had three jointed arms instead of just two.

Leonel looked at the demon monkey Alpha as though he was a raining idiot. You had those sorts of genetics, but instead of wielding a spear, or a pair of sabers, or... literally anything but a goddamn bow, you chose this path?

When Leonel chose his weapons, he did so out of necessity, and then soon afterward he did it because his Lineage Factor matched it. It was practicality that came first for him. But this fool...

Alpha Demon Monkey could almost feel the palpable disdain coming from Leonel, and it confused him. He had just been surprised that Leonel actually survived his strike, all for this to happen.

"Oh!" Leonel suddenly lit up. "You have a Bow Domain Ring, thank you very much!"

Alpha Demon Monkey didn't know what to say... Why was this human thanking him?

But Leonel had already moved.