Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2354 Ability Index

Leonel's speed didn't feel fast, especially not in the eyes of the Alpha Demon Monkey. And yet, for some reason, the latter felt his senses blur for a moment, and by then, Leonel was already right before him.

'Interesting, that doesn't work too bad, but it's not as effective as my Ability Index. Also takes up a lot more of my Dream Force, not that that matters all too much...'

Leonel punched out, trying to test something.

The Demon Monkey Alpha was completely on the back foot. He was confused. How had his advantage disappeared so quickly?

He was an archer, so obviously the distance benefited him. He had been at least a kilometre away from Leonel, so how come all of that had already vanished?

He raised his bow to block Leonel's strike, but Leonel's fist seemed to vanish and he found a strong strike landing on his chest.

Or was it a strong strike?

Alpha Demon Monkey took a single step back, his heart skipping a beat as he felt death loom over him, but that feeling vanished as quickly as it appeared, being replaced by a dull ache instead of the heart-rending pain that he had been expecting.

'So weak?'

What Alpha Demon Monkey didn't know was that Leonel was surprised as well, not by the weakness in his strike, but rather the exact opposite.

He hadn't used any Force just now and only relied on his Third-Dimensional body. Of course, he had also used his Dream Force to pull at the demon monkey's mind and confuse the location of his fist, but other than that, it was just pure strength.

'My body is stronger? Why?'

In the Third Dimension, he shouldn't be able to make a Seventh-Dimensional being feel anything with just his body alone. It should have felt like a fly was landing on his chest, but the demon monkey actually took a step back.

'Interesting...'

Leonel didn't believe that this was being of his Force comprehension, obviously, because he hadn't used his Force to bolster his strength just now. The only explanation was that this was a result of his soul being fully separated from his body.

With his soul being separated, it wasn't just his soul that was freed, but his soul as well.

Together, the body and soul formed a sort of mutually suppressive relationship with one another. Only when they were pulled apart could they display their truest strength.

Most importantly, with his soul fully separated from his body, Leonel's talent could finally flourish to its greatest extent.

In the next coming days to months, his body's strength would increase by leaps and bounds. He was looking forward to seeing just how much stronger he could become in body alone.

Leonel's gaze flashed and his combat style shifted. Universal Force descended and melded with his body, the skies turning various shades of light and dark.

"Natural Light Realm? But you're-"

BANG!

The next fist that landed carried with it the weight of a mountain. The demon monkey tried and failed to block once again, finding himself surrounded by countless afterimages of Leonel.

Thousands of fists rained down, but only one in a batch of hundreds was real. The Alpha found himself being kneaded like meat, but his life ultimately wasn't in danger.

Even so, the danger to his life was one matter, but the humiliation was a completely different one. He felt a rage bubbling up deep within him and he roared into the skies.

Leonel lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot, appearing outside the range of the roaring Force in an instant. He didn't fear it, but he was rather reassessing some things.

Using his Dream Force like this had great results. It took more Dream Force, but his reserves were so large that he hardly felt the dent. Access to the Dream Plane made several of his previously created Ability Index techniques far stronger as well, not to mention shed the previous weakness of his Dream Force being unable to project to his body, at least somewhat.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Using the Dream Plane as an extension of his soul, he could basically stretch his Dream World within the Second Dimension. As a result, he didn't need to rely on the Starry Tailed Fox's Domains any longer.

However, he wasn't sure if this was the path for him.

Toying with the mind was something that he could do, but it wasn't ultimately a path that had a great deal of potential for him. If he had an illusion-type Dream Force Ability Index, then it would be worthwhile investing some time into this path, but right now, it wasn't as viable.

Due to his father's training regimen, and especially the time he had spent separating his soul, Leonel began to think more about not just how to get stronger, but what the best paths were for him as well.

His mind couldn't help but drift back toward King Alexandre and his Ability Index. He could still absorb it any time he wanted, but...

Leonel took out the silver disk again. "Old man, what do you think about absorbing another Ability Index?"

Alpha Demon Monkey nocked an arrow, pulling back with all his strength. Seeing this, Leonel nodded. At the very least, the demon monkey hadn't given up all of his advantages.

Taking advantage of his long arms and extra joints, his bow was much larger for his body than it should have been, allowing him to pull far more power out of the bow.

"If you believe that your Ability Index is so close to this King Alexandre's, a mirror image, even, then why waste your time taking strength from others when you can forge it on your own?

"If you have a chance to do something on your own, never rely on someone else.

"An Ability Index is more flexible than you're giving it credit for. Once you understand what an Ability Index is, where it gets its strength from, and how much you should or shouldn't rely on it, everything will become clear."