Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2357 Cripple

Leonel landed heavily a long distance away. Of course, this wasn't because he had been kicked or punched, but rather because he had escaped with his Emulation Spatial Innate Node. The "Leonel" that had been holding his spear to Alpha Clown's neck was nothing more than one of his clones.

As for himself, the moment he said "kneel", he had already escaped. This time, though, he used his will to form an impression on space and combine it with his Ability Index, allowing him to jump a much, much, much further distance in one go than he would otherwise be able to.

After hacking up several mouthfuls of blood, Leonel chuckled to himself before slumping against some rock. He had let his ego get the best of him. Truthfully, he should have just escaped directly, but he didn't like letting that clown go unscathed, so he had forced him to kneel.

Well, that had cost him practically all of his Dream Force, and as a result, he hadn't been able to jump as far through space as he had hoped. If he didn't get a move on, they'd probably find him within a few minutes. If they had any Spatial Force experts, it would be even faster than that.

That Alpha Clown was annoying, but he was powerful. In fact, Leonel felt that even if his grandfather hadn't sent him back to the Third Dimension, he would still be weaker than Alpha Clown. Of course, he was Tier 1 of the Seventh Dimension back then, while Alpha Clown was well into Tier 9 and seemed to be suppressing himself from entering the Eighth Dimension, but it was the truth nonetheless. The gap was huge.

In the Dimensional Verse, just stepping into the Seventh Dimension had made Leonel invincible among Seventh Dimensional humans, at the very least. But clearly, this wasn't the case here, and it most definitely wasn't the case since he was stuck at the Third Dimension for now.

'If it was the me of back then, I would have probably meandered around until I had a breakthrough of some sort and then I would have defeated him before going on my merry way.' Leonel smiled as he pushed himself up. His body was in a bad, but not terrible state. The greatest wound was to his face, so nothing major. He'd just have an ugly mug for a bit.

The greatest problem was his Dream Force. He only realized now just how valuable his Stars were. Recovering his Dream Force felt that it was moving at a snail's pace.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Leonel began to run, using the energy of his Emulation Spatial Innate Node directly to cover more distance. He didn't even want to waste the Dream Force it would take to use his Mage Core, so he had to do what he had to do.

"Just my luck..." Leonel mumbled. His Dream Force might be drained, but everything was relatively. He might just have a single percent remaining, and yet he was still capable of using his Internal Sight to a distance of several hundred kilometers even if he could no longer tap into the Dream Plane.

All this time, Leonel had been making his way toward the Dimensional Verse's Seeded genius, and that would, obviously, be leading him out of the Beastman Dimensional Verse's territory.

Well, after his huge teleportation, he had made it to the borders of this "territory" and into the borders of another, and these people seemed to have exceptionally sharp minds because they had already long since spotted him.

For the millionth time, he blamed his grandfather for not letting him prepare for this before pulling out his bow.

...

The Nomad Race.

They looked no different from humans aside from the fact their Ethereal Glabellas stuck out from their foreheads. Oh, and there was of course the fact that they had six pairs of hands, two of which floated without wrists or arms, as well.

In a lot of ways, though, they were simply better at being humans than humans were. They had larger Ethereal Glabellas, more hands, and most importantly, they were better at being jacks of all trades than any other race in existence.

It could be said that the greatest weakness of the Human Domain of Leonel's Dimensional Verse was that no one followed just a single path, as such their energies were diverted across numerous disciplines and they couldn't align their potential as one.

The greatest strength of the Nomad Race, however, was exactly this weakness of the humans. They were exceptional in body and hand to hand combat, like the Rapax. They had great nimbleness and mobility, much like the Dwarven Race. They had excellent attunement with the elements, much like the Spirituals.

This was why they were called the Nomads. The paths they could journey were many, and the ones that they could travel to the end of were numerous. As a result of this, the Nomad Race was quite well known for their insatiable desire for knowledge, knowledge they wanted to assimilate into their own understanding to grow their strength.

So when the Nomad Dimensional Verse, a Verse that had swallowed up all other Races but the Nomads themselves, laid eyes on a Fifth Dimensional expert strong enough to dodge even their strikes...

Their eyes lit up as though it was Christmas Day.

Leonel was bombarded from all sides, hounded, and treated like some run-away science experiment. There were weak Nomads, as there were strong ones, but the main issue was that the baseline of the Nomads was much higher than that of humans.

As such, while the Betas had been easy kills for Leonel, he had yet to come across a Nomad that was anywhere near as easy. Leonel was able to kill many of them from a far off distance, but the Nomad Race was intelligent and not nearly as feral as the Beastmen. When they saw their comrades die, their first thought wasn't to charge forward blindly.

Instead, they took a step back and reassessed, preparing to launch an assault that would cripple Leonel.