Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2362 I Swear

A spear appeared in Leonel's hand. It was simple, with a wooden pole arm and an obsidian blade. Despite this, the craftsmanship was exquisite.

The primitive man that had formed had taken a great deal of care and attention. Four years, in fact. Everything from the grain of the wood to the edges of the obsidian were perfectly in line.

It was light. Not by Leonel's standards, but rather by the standards of mortals. It wasn't even two pounds of weight or a single kilogram. It felt that the entire spear had been hollowed out.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

And yet, the sharpness that it exuded alone seemed to press upon the throats of the entire army.

They subconsciously reached up to their necks, feeling as though they might find themselves spurting out a great amount of blood, but they turned pale when they realized there was no wound to speak of.

Rhangyl slowly opened his eyes. A wave of gold flourished in the surroundings, but it seemed to be met by a wall of obstruction before it could even cross into Leonel's sphere of influence.

He observed the situation silently, rubbing his thumb along his Bow Domain ring, but not saying much. He didn't seem intent on handing out orders either, he simply watched.

The others, who had gotten more used to Rhangyl's personality in recent days, understood what this meant. It meant that they could do as they pleased.

However, even so, no one moved.

Leonel's Dream Force was too powerful, and even without his King's Might Lineage Factor as a conduit to give shape and solidity to his will, just its form as a vast, shapeless nebula bore down on their souls.

Most of the army of hundreds of thousands found it difficult to move. Their movements were sluggish and they seemed to need to push ten times as hard just to complete a single thought.

Beads of cold sweat rushed down their brows with every step that Leonel took forward.

But at that moment, his words suddenly registered and Gregwyn's eyes went completely red.

He had always been a calm and cheerful young man. He didn't take much seriously and his talent was such that everything came easily to him. The adoration of his people, the love of women, the ease of power, it had all made his life a Heaven on this mundane earth.

And yet it was all stripped from him in a single day.

He rushed forward with a furious intent in his eyes, his four floating hands glowing crimson as the Ethereal Glabella on his forehead shimmered.

It was then that Leonel suddenly came to a stop, closing his eyes. His rage continued to simmer in the air, but it didn't seem to continue to rise like it had before. It slowed almost as though a moat had appeared before it, controlling it and pulling it into a steady current.

There was something here.

His eyes flashed open and he looked into the distance. After a moment, he sighed. It was an internal sigh, and yet the entire army could seem to feel his lament.

Rhangyl was powerful. Too powerful.

Leonel could see through it all, because no matter how strong this Spirituals Prince was, he not only didn't try to hide his strength, but his Dream Force control was wholly inferior to Leonel's own.

Rhangyl hadn't held back in absorbing the energies of this world at all. In just a handful of days, his power had skyrocketed and he had even crossed into the Eighth Dimension after shoring up his foundation.

Leonel could also tell that he had Innate Nodes. Several of them. Ten, to be exact. And one of them, he recognized from the battle against his father.

He remembered Wise Star Order telling him of a legend, a Spiritual that had been born with nine Innate Nodes. Then that conversation got derailed because Wise Star Order was shocked to hear that he had ten Nodes in total.

But he had always remembered that.

Leonel didn't fear Rhangyl, but that didn't mean that he shouldn't. He simply didn't have much fear or reverence for anything. He had killed an Envoy of Destruction on his own, why would a child faze him?

The problem was that there were too many variables in this world, and he didn't have the luxury of ending up in a bloody battle that would leave him broken and beaten, one that he might not even be able to win with the current cards he had.

The only reason he felt he had a chance at all was because he was confident that Blackstar would be able to stall Rhangyl while he killed the rest. Then they would be able to team up to slaughter the Prince.

But now...

Thousands of kilometers away, another large group was making their way over, and judging by the look in their eyes, they had already seen them.

'The Dimensional Eyes Verse.' Leonel concluded. They were the only ones he knew of that could see from such a distance other than himself. Plus, he could sense the chaotic energy that the little pink eyed woman had warned him about.

With them observing the situation, they would be sure to be idle and wait until a victor was decided, and only then would they act. They had already seemingly pulled up their chairs and their popcorn, so to speak, ready to enjoy the show.

BANG!

Little Blackstar swiped a paw and Gregwyn was driven into the ground like a cheap scrap of metal. The latter's body became twisted and broken, sheared apart on several levels. It looked as though not a single inch of him was left unscathed.

"Save them," Leonel said lightly.

With a thought, Little Blackstar vanished as Leonel bent down to pick up Gregwyn by the neck. Even now, the latter had a furious gaze as though he was trying to rip Leonel apart with it alone.

"I swear-I swear-I swear I'll kill you!"

He tried to roar but his throat was too constricted.