Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2365 Astonished

'It's possible,' Anastasia said.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel frowned, waiting for an explanation.

'What I mean to say is that the Silver Tablet underwent a change ever since you realized you were a Wise Star Order. You might not need to use your King's Might as a proxy to take their souls in any longer; you can do it directly now. It might also have some new abilities that you might not know about.'

Leonel shook his head. This little World Spirit really knew how to let things drag on. These sorts of important things were the types of matters she should definitely let him know immediately.

The idea that the Silver Tablet had undergone a change, though, wasn't all that shocking to Leonel. That was because he felt a stronger sense of unity with it as well. In fact, when he had met the Spiritual Prince just now, he had felt an odd feeling coming from him as well.

In ancient times, tablets were what were used to carry knowledge. Now that he knew the pyramids were formed by the Pluto Race, he wondered just how much of ancient Earth was actually the tradition of an entire other world entirely.

But in the end, Leonel shook his head.

Whether he killed them and resurrected them with King's Might or the tablet, what difference would it make? They certainly wouldn't know the difference. After all, they'd be dead.

The good news was that Leonel had done this for them in the past when he limited the casualties of the Morales family. But the question was whether they would trust him now the same as they had before?

Seeing the rage in some of their eyes... he doubted it.

Leonel suddenly found himself feeling... annoyed. Maybe he really was never cut out to be a King after all. The moment he felt some pushback from his people, he just wanted to go forward with his plans, ignoring their feelings.

'Just check the Silver Tablet first. I'm curious, anyway.'

Leonel exhaled a breath. 'Alright.'

He took a seat, right then and there. Maybe if he did things like this, they would realize that he didn't have anything to hide.

He took out the Silver Tablet, an action that made many of them flinch. He could only shake his head inwardly and focus on meditating on the tablet.

Leonel found his mind being sucked into the Silver Tablet almost the immediate second after he had the intention.

This much wasn't a surprise, he had always been able to enter the tablets with his mind. Though, it had never flowed as smoothly.

But what he saw on the inside was a completely different matter entirely.

It was a vast library, one so large that he had to blink a couple of times to see it right.

The ceiling must have been at least 200 meters up. It was covered by a glass dome sparkling with all sorts of complex runes. Ladders with minds of their own flew about, attaching and detaching from tall bookshelves. The place seemed to have a spirit that was beyond what was natural... especially for a place completely devoid of life outside of Leonel himself.

However, despite the vastness of this library, only a small corner of shelves actually had "books", or tablets, rather.

There was really nothing to stand around aimlessly for, so Leonel approached one of the shelves, but what he saw made him shudder.

A name and a Force Art.

He put the tablet back and then checked the next one, and then the next one, and then the next one.

The more he looked, the more shocked he became.

[Alexandre Apex]

[Ability Index: Dream Subjugation]

[Lineage Factor: Strengthen]

...

[Leonel Morales - Wise Star Order]

[Ability Index: Dream Control]

[Lineage Factor: Emperor's Might; [Unnamed]; [Bow Domain: Fragmented]; Dark Northern Star Legacy; Light Northern Star Legacy; Dream Asura's Reign]

...

Leonel didn't know what to say. It wasn't just the names that caught him off guard, it was the fact that each and every one had a Force Art attached to it. He didn't need to be a genius to understand what these Force Arts were, and yet, the longer he thought about it, the more shocked he became.

His mind spun in shock. Could it be that King never had an Ability Index that could turn Ability Indexes into Force Arts at all, but was rather a Wise Star Order from the very beginning?

The implications made Leonel's eyes widen, his heartbeat beating erratically for quite a while before he managed to settle it down.

He shouldn't have been so shocked. The more he thought about it, the more it seemed to make sense.

The Silver Tablet had always been able to extract Lineage Factors and bestow them upon others. The fact that it could form a Force Art from them wasn't all that shocking at all.

If he had to rank the two, being able to bestow Ability Indexes was obviously the more shocking of the two.

But even so, this was a game-changer.

Since Leonel was marked in here, it was potentially true that he didn't even have to kill others to get information on them. There was definitely a requirement of some sort, but it might require much less of him than he initially thought.

But this wasn't what he was focused on at all; he was rather focused on what it would mean to be able to study the Force Arts of an Ability Index. Namely, if he could study and fully comprehend King Alexandre's Ability Index, then wouldn't he be able to progress his comprehension along much quicker?

On top of that, if he had the Force Arts here, didn't that also mean that he could test the synergy of various Ability Indexes and how they would work or clash with one another before he took the risk and gave his brothers Ability Indexes that could bolster their strength as well?

The instant Leonel had this thought, the world seemed to respond to him and with a WHOOSH, King Alexandre's and his own Force Arts appeared in the skies.

Leonel was astonished.