Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2368 Caged Body

Leonel looked down at his hands. He felt that his skin was more radiant, its bronze sheen emitting just the faintest cluster of royal blue. This wasn't a blue that colored his skin, but rather his aura itself.

His Vitality felt as though it was on a completely different level, and unlike the other Forces that threatened to shred his body to pieces, despite the fact his Vital Star Force had grown so powerful, he didn't feel the same burden on his body.

In fact, his body was strengthened considerably. Even though the full benefits of his soul had yet to be fully unearthed, he was already about as strong in body as he had been when he first entered Tier 1 of the Sixth Dimension.

This was without using [Star Fusion] either. Leonel actually felt that he could use [Star Fusion] now without harming himself, and it was an odd feeling.

Logically, with his Vital Star Force growing so powerful, it should be a greater burden. But it wasn't like this at all.

There were only two explanations, either this was a quirk of Vital Star Force itself, or that of his [Unnamed] Lineage Factor.

Of course, Leonel's [Unnamed] Lineage Factor should be the one he had casually referred to as the Morales Lineage Factor. This was the Lineage Factor that not only fused his Metal Synergy Lineage and Spear Domain Lineage Factor, but it also incorporated the aspects he had gained from the Radix, Midas, and Florer families.

This Lineage Factor had a huge emphasis on vitality, so it was possible that it allowed him to withstand Life Forces with greater ease.

On the other hand, Life Forces were also far more docile than other Forces as well, and one like Vital Star Force, was designed to bolster the body.

'Likely a combination of both,' Leonel concluded after a while.

This wasn't something he had come up with on a whim, but rather a conclusion that he reached after studying the [Unnamed] Lineage Factor for a moment.

Another benefit of his Silver Tablet was clearly that he could break down his Lineage Factors into Force Arts, allowing him to read their abilities like an open book and thus craft techniques around them with much greater ease.

With this library, he would never have to worry about holding his Lineage Factors back again so that he could maintain techniques to match with them.

In fact...

Leonel touched the Northern Star Lineage Factors. And as expected, one after another, more techniques that he could even comb through in a short time appeared.

As a Wise Star Order, he, of course, had a library of techniques to match the Northern Star Lineage Factor his title originated from.

'It seems to have some restrictions, though...' Leonel saw after a while.

For one, this was an exchange, not a depository. To take these techniques out, or to see anything other than their brief descriptions, he had to contribute.

Leonel already had some contribution points, and he concluded with not much effort that these contribution points came from the Force Arts he helped the Silver Tablet to form.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

[Leonel Morales - Wise Star Order][Clearance Level: Apprentice][Contribution][Life: -][Gold: -][Silver: 1][Bronze: 1][Black: -][Common: 1 307 820]...The Contribution points were divided into currencies, and they couldn't seem to be converted from one to another. It wasn't even allowed to trade down, there was no exchange at all.

Looking at the few techniques available to him, they could all only be bought with Common Contributions as well.

Taking a deep look, his Bronze Contribution came from King Alexandre, while his Silver Contribution came from Goggles.

It seemed that he couldn't get contribution points from himself.

The remaining over million Common Contributions came from the dead citizens of the Zone, not to mention his brothers that he had used the tablet to revive.

'What a harsh grading scheme.'

Though Leonel thought this, he didn't actually think that there was anything wrong with it. It made perfect sense.

This contribution ranking was created by individuals who fought on the scale of Gods, not fake Gods like those of the Vast Bubble claimed to be, but real monsters like the Plutos and the Void Race.

The fact that he even had a Silver Contribution at all was probably shocking.

Leonel looked at the techniques. He didn't actually want to go through them now as he hadn't forgotten the initial reason he came in here, but then he wondered something.

Given the high standards of this place, what if he could find a technique that could help within the Common Graded ones?

The moment Leonel started looking more seriously, though, he realized that he was a pauper even among the common ranks.

It was quite common for techniques to cost in the several hundred thousand ranges. Even the cheapest were inching on six figures. The most expensive cost billions, easily.

The worst part was that he couldn't even access all the common techniques. He couldn't even trade for one of the six-figure ones. It seemed that his clearance wasn't nearly high enough.

Leonel didn't really care, honestly. He almost never relied on techniques he didn't create himself these days. Though, part of that was because his enlightened self had gone and upgraded his Lineage Factors without his input, and another reason was that his Morales Lineage Factor had suddenly mutated.

But regardless, he didn't have a huge reliance on techniques to begin with. He wouldn't have even been moved to care had he not wanted a method of turning his people back into humans.

What he could have never expected, though, was that the more he looked, the more serious his expression became.

These techniques, if their descriptions were correct...

Weren't they far too powerful?

Eventually, Leonel landed on one.

It was a body method that could strengthen one, but it did so through the soul. According to it, the more separate the soul from the body, the better the results. Also, the further from optimal the body was from its true state, the more effective it was.

[Caged Body: Chained Soul]