Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2370 You Little...

Leonel hugged Aina so tightly that at any other time, he might have thought he had a chance at crushing her. But at least right now, with the gaps in their strength of body having widened once more, that wasn't something he had to worry about in the slightest.

He took in her warmth, her heartbeat, her soft...

'She's naked,' Leonel suddenly realized.

Even so, he didn't have such thoughts right now. He only wanted to hold her in his arms for the first time in what felt like forever.

Aina, herself, was a bit confused. She felt the familiar scent envelop her, and she instinctively knew that it was Leonel, but what had happened? Why was there such a large gap in her memories? Weren't they in a Zone? And hadn't she been in the body of...

Aina's eyes widened, her heart trembling. Hadn't she died?

Her body subconsciously wiggled as though to make sure that she was still all in one piece, but her senses flared as her Ability Index kicked in. Her eyes widened.

Just what had happened to her body all of a sudden--

Aina's thoughts were cut out when she remembered Leonel. He was still holding onto her, and he didn't seem to have any intentions of letting go. He cradled her head in one palm, sweeping up her waist in the crook of his other elbow. He pulled up at her so hard that she was forced onto the tips of her toes just to accommodate his height, and yet she hardly felt her own weight at all, he was carrying it all.

Aina's eyes watered beside herself. Leonel had just lost her father, then he had likely thought that he lost her in quick succession. He could remember the rage and anger in his voice. He only barely stopped short of calling her a stupid woman back then, and maybe she would have deserved it if he had.

That beast obviously wasn't here any longer, which meant that Leonel had done something to defeat it, something that she obviously couldn't accomplish even by putting her life on the line.

Her brimming tears began to soak Leonel's chest. She had wanted to be useful, but had ended up being his burden.

Her fingers clutched at Leonel's back, holding onto him tightly in return. She could feel the erratic state of Leonel's heart, his back felt so solid, and yet so frail at the same time.

"Don't do something that stupid again, okay? I can protect you, I definitely can."

Leonel's voice carried a grating hoarseness to it. It drummed upon Aina's heartstrings, making her tears fall all the faster.

Why were these words so familiar? They were words she used to say to Leonel all the time, when she wanted him to stop risking his life to save people who had nothing to do with him. It was the main reason they had separated once before, her emotional state just couldn't handle it all.

But now, it seemed that it was she who was the one in the wrong now.

"Yes, okay..." Aina said softly between her sobs.

Leonel buried his nose and lips into Aina's hair. Just a while longer. He just wanted this peace for just a while longer. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

...

It was hard to say how long the two spent in that state. But some unknown time later, Leonel sat cross-legged on their bed, Aina cuddling up in lap like a happy little kitten. She rested her head on his collarbone and shoulder, her eyes closed with a deep sense of peace.

There was nothing hot or steamy about the atmosphere, but it was probably more intimate than they had ever been before.

They held one another's hands, basking in the warmth of their other half.

"I think there's something wrong with my body," Aina suddenly said.

Leonel, who had entered a peaceful lull, felt his heart skip a beat.

"What's wrong? Where?"

He pressed a hand to Aina's chest, looking for the answer on his own as though he couldn't wait even for her answer.

Aina giggled. "You saw an excuse to feel me up and just took it, huh?"

Leonel only now seemed to realize that Aina wasn't referring to something bad, which was soon followed up by the realization that he had pushed her ample breasts out of the way to press his palm on her chest.

"How's this my fault? It's been hours and you haven't even reached for clothes. Who's trying to feel up who, exactly?"

"I was testing you," Aina said with a humph. "It took you three hours, four minutes and seven seconds before you took advantage of me. Tell me, who's been draining you so much in my absence that you're not even tempted, huh?"

Leonel was speechless. This woman, what was she talking about? This was supposed to be a sweet reunion. If he pinned her down and got to work immediately like some beast, wouldn't he hear complaints about that as well?

"You little..."

Aina squealed.

Leonel completely forgot about the problem with Aina's body. It was clear that in her absence, she had forgotten who was the boss here. Seeing the wave of delight in her eyes, though, he wondered if he really was.

Aina's feverish moans filled the room, waves of heat coming from her as her skin turned a slight tinge of crimson. It was a gorgeous sight Leonel couldn't take his eyes off of.

Pinning her face into their pillows, the graceful arch of her back made his heart thrum with excitement.

His irises flashed with a radiant blue light as he unleashed what was just the first wave.

"Don't run now," Leonel growled. "I'm not finished yet."

Aina felt a tingle run up her spine. Those words of command only made her feel all the more excited.

"Yes, King," she said softly.

Leonel didn't even care about becoming a King anymore, but hearing these words, he felt that he would conquer as many lands as his woman wanted him to.