Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2378 Causality

Leonel closed his eyes and regained his bearings. When he opened them again, he was sharp and focused. He began a focused state of meditation, part of his focus on the Dream Plane, and the other half on the Silver Tablet.

Right now, he had over a million Ability Indexes in his Silver Tablet. This sounded like a large number, but it was insignificant in the grand scheme. A single city on a single planet could have a population that dwarfed that number, let alone the entire planet, the entire solar system, the entire galaxy, or any Quadrant, Sector, Domain or World beyond that.

And that was just an Incomplete World. A Complete World didn't have its Force separated across such large space. The result was a large piece of land, that although smaller than a given universe, it likewise had a population concentration that was impossibly far beyond what one could expect of an Incomplete World.

To make a complicated matter simple, there were countless uninhabitable planets in an Incomplete World, but a Complete World, aside from danger zones, could be settled across every square inch. The Vast Bubble was more of an anomaly than not due to the fact a Demon World was trying to fuse with it, causing much of it to be unpopulated.

But a Bubble World without this issue would have a population that made numbers in the trillions sounds insignificant.

However, while the pool of Ability Indexes he had access to was limited, not to mention the fact they were all Common and couldn't even be ranked, he believed that if he made clever use of this store of Ability Indexes, he could help his brothers out a great deal.

He had decided on a few things.

First, he would help his brothers to raise their Ability Indexes from the Common level to the Black Grade. If Leonel was correct, this actually might count as a Contribution to the Silver Tablet as well, but only time would tell.

Once he had raised them to the Black Grade by filling in some of their weaknesses, he would turn to the matter of Lineage Factors. The Silver Tablet seemed to have some... untold secrets within it, but they weren't hidden either.

The fact that both Ability Indexes and Lineage Factors could be turned into Forces and analyzed told Leonel something. Lineage Factors were also a chance to change your fate. The difference was that while Ability Indexes were granted to you, Lineage Factors could be created.

James had formed his own Lineage Factor and so had Emna. This made them "Sparks", but Leonel didn't believe that this was some innate characteristic, as though they were destined to form these Lineage Factors from birth.

Even so, he could use James and Emna as a template. Both of them had formed Lineage Factors that synergized with their Ability Indexes so well that it made them far more powerful than they seemed.

James: "In the Silver Tablet, but Emna wasn't. After he had laid out a path, the first thing Leonel did was fix that."

He found that adding people to the Silver Tablet was far easier than he had thought. Those without access to the Dream Plane, or without Force strong enough to counter his Dream Force, easily had a small kernel of their soul sucked into the tablet. Like this, Leonel was able to add everyone without even getting up from his seat.

[Emna Beiceran]ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

[Ability Index: Blade Affinity]

[Lineage Factor: Blade as Body]

This was an interesting screen to look at, mostly because of the Blade as Body title. The ranks of the Blade Affinity were: Sense, Feel, Body as Blade, Union and Transcendence. That wasn't Leonel misremembering. It was truly Body as Blade, while Emna's Lineage Factor was known as Blade as Body.

It was a simple flip of the words, but Leonel felt that this change held a lot of weight for Emna, and it was probably the reason she was able to reach True Sovereignty as well. Leonel's Black Contribution ticked up by one, causing him to raise an eyebrow. Even James wasn't at the Black level, but if he took a deeper look, it seemed that James was very close.

'Hm. It looks like James never really focused on strengthening his Ability Index. He and Milan have the same Ability Index, Energy Shield. The difference was that Milan awakened it at the lowest Partiality level, while James awakened it to the second Misdirection level immediately.

'In these years, James raised it to Reflection, the fourth level, but it seems that most of the heavy lifting is being done by his Lineage Factor...'

[James Bennett]

[Ability Index: Energy Shield]

[Lineage Factor: Blackhole]

Leonel rolled his eyes. Only James would pick such a ridiculous name. He probably thought it sounded cool, but it lacked any flair whatsoever. It was too bland.

Observing the Lineage Factor, though, Leonel nodded to himself. His conjectures were correct. James' Lineage Factor allowed him to pick out a Force and nullify it. This was how he had managed to defeat Elorin, the Time Force wielder.

The problem was that Nullify was already one of the abilities of his Ability Index. Though, the difference was that that ability was concentrated into the shield, whereas James was able to expand it into a Domain instead. Even so, it overlapped with his Ability Index, rather than raising it up and amplifying it.

It was a subtle difference, but it was one that Emna had grasped while James hadn't. Even so, he had been able to defeat Elorin.

Speaking of which... Leonel reached out toward Elorin who was still under Anastasia's tutelage. To Leonel's surprise, Elorin's head snapped upward instantly. However, Leonel only smiled.

It seemed that Elorin's Time Force was on the verge of entering the Impetus State. Even so, it wasn't there yet.

[Elorin Hutch]

[Ability Index: Strings of Causality]

[Lineage Factor: -]

Leonel's eyes narrowed. There was a point of contribution added to the Silver tiers.