Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2381 Too Heavy

Leonel coughed, feeling like he was about to hack up a lung.

"-Is all of this strictly necessary? Haven't you heard of being gentle? I'm not a masochist like you, you kn-"

Leonel quickly rolled to the side as a long-haired beauty descended from the skies like a war god. It seemed she didn't like what he was about to say even one bit.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Since you can still run your mouth, you obviously haven't been pushed to your limits yet."

Leonel rolled out of the way again. "You know I'm doing this for you too!"

"I don't need that damned corrupted ring, I can become a True Sovereign on my own, it's easy."

Leonel's lip twitched. If anyone else said this, he'd call bullshit. But since it was Aina, he knew just how true it was.

Aina's Body Clairvoyance and Soul Clairvoyance abilities were absolutely broken. They did exactly as their name suggested and practically gave her the ability to see the future so long as it was related to her own body.

He could barely look at his own [Unnamed] Force Art without going into a tailspin, looking at those two Clairvoyance Force Arts felt like he was thrown into a blackhole and forced to watch his body stretch across time.

What was interesting, though, was that Aina's Ability Index and Goggles' had great synergy between one another.

However, he decided to leave this matter be. The one person who didn't need his help for her path was Aina. This was already how he felt before she "died", but now it was even more exaggerated, she was on a completely different level.

In just the last few days, Leonel felt that her strength had probably doubled, and she was still unearthing more strength every day.

By this point, she could probably fold Alpha Clown in half and make Rhangyl her whipping boy. Leonel doubted it would even take much effort.

He didn't know what had triggered this, especially since it didn't actually seem to be related to her Blood Sovereignty. But what else could he do but stay here and take a beating?

...

'There it is...'

A day later, Leonel finally felt the threshold again, his head filled with lumps that were growing their own lumps.

His Spear Force regained its golden sheen, its power skyrocketing. At the same time, Leonel felt that he actually gained a little bit more control as well, not in terms of the Spear Force itself-that went without saying-rather, it was the ability to use the Spear Force even with his fragile body.

By this point, even without having used [Caged Body: Chained Soul] yet, Leonel had a body that was almost as strong as it had been before his grandfather unceremoniously knocked him out.

He had expected to be able to use his Force by now, but he guessed that having a body strong enough to withstand powerful Forces was about more than just a strong body, but the Dimension of the body almost mattered.

It was a metaphysical matter rather than a purely physical matter.

Leonel crossed his legs and he entered the Silver Tablet, focusing his attention and Aina reluctantly had to stop the swing of her staff.

This staff was the latest weapon that Aina had decided to pick up. She usually alternated between her battle ax and other weapons. Once she mastered whatever random weapon suited her fancy, she would always go back to her trusted ax.

It was true when she said she could become a True Sovereign when she wanted, but until now, she hadn't. She trusted her instincts and followed what her body and mind told her to do. As far as she was concerned, it had never led her astray.

In truth, for years now, for as long as she could remember, part of that nagging voice in her mind had been telling her to commit suicide. It was the one thing she had always ignored because she had too many things to do, too many things to accomplish, too many people to make pay for what they had done to her family.

But ever since she had awakened, that voice had vanished and without the constant bombardment, her Clairvoyance was hundreds of times clearer to her than it had been in the past.

She didn't know exactly what this meant, but she was happy. This meant that she would be able to keep up with Leonel's steps and she wouldn't have to worry anymore.

Even if this meant that she would leave Leonel behind in terms of strength, it would be even better. She would happily protect Leonel for the rest of her life if that's what she had to do.

She smiled to herself. Of course, she would definitely enjoy whacking him on the head during said time.

...

Leonel didn't know Aina's thoughts, he was far too focused on the task at hand. Plus, it wasn't as though he could use the Dream Plane to read her mind, she was the only one in the Segmented Cube aside from Elorin who could sense him with ease.

'That's it, this part right here...'

Leonel's eyes narrowed.

With his mind focused on one part of the Force Art, and with this part being easier for him to comprehend now that he had regained his True Sovereignty, the impact on him was far less.

After a moment, he entered a deep state of meditation, one that lasted three days and nights.

When he opened his eyes, they were bloodshot, and their disappointment was clear.

He had overestimated himself a bit too much. How could he unwind this kind of thing in a short time? The task was far too heavy.

He could hardly look at the Force Art directly, how was he going to modify it to any great extent?

Leonel exhaled a breath slowly and slipped into a pod to rest.

When he came out, his determination was renewed.

He couldn't do anything about his Lineage Factor the conventional way, but that didn't mean the Silver Tablet couldn't.