Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2382 Choice

A Force Art was essentially a series of symbols that acted like a programming language. This language could communicate with the universe to elicit a certain response that usually came in a combination of Force. This corrupted section of the Lineage Factor was designed to dampen the overall structure and weaken it. So, what if Leonel fused it with several other Force Arts that could do the opposite.

After some testing, he felt that it might be viable. This was because he didn't seem to have to fuse Force Arts as a whole, he could do so in parts, and even concentrate which sections to fuse where.

He currently had four complete Domain Lineage Factors on hand. He had the Bow, Glaive, Ax and Spear rings. Although each was built on different concepts, they all had overlapping sections. So, his first thought was what if he took these overlapping sections, fusing them into the Lineage Factor, and used quality to outmatch the corruption.

While this wouldn't deal with the control aspects of the corruption, it might be able to deal with the weakening.

This method worked, but the result was unsatisfactory. Not only was there the previously mentioned issue, but it was also lacking in something fundamental. Leonel understood what it was immediately. The only portions of the Force Arts he could fuse were general purpose and not specific to the weapon.

So, he chose a different approach. Why not just stack several of the same Force Art on top of each other?

This worked much better, but the corruption actually seemed to feed off the Force Art, growing stronger in kind. This told Leonel that the corruption wasn't some inanimate object, it had some bite to it, and he had to be cautious of that. Trying to do this within his body might have had even worse effects.

So that left Leonel thinking until he came up with another approach. He began rifling through the Ability Index until he found one.

[Energy Shield]

'Interesting...' Leonel's eyes narrowed. Energy Shield was obviously the Ability Index of James and Milan, but it shared some characteristics with the corruption.

He continued looking and soon he found three more that triggered his Dreamscape and Leonel felt like he was beginning to put the pieces together.

'Could it be that this person is also a Wise Star Order? Or was the person that created the Domain Rings King to begin with?'

Although Leonel didn't discount the possibility of there being yet another Wise Star Order, the fact that King had done this was in line with everything he knew and easier to accept.

Wise Star Orders weren't as rare as Northern Star Orders like his grandmother, and from what he had learned, even Northern Star Orders weren't exactly extinct either. He would definitely have to deal with others in the future.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'This Wise Star Order combined the Force of several Ability Indexes into one to create this corruption aspect.' Leonel entered a state of focus again, mixing and matching the four Lineage Factors he had picked out until he compiled a perfect replica.

'Yes, this is it.' Leonel had succeeded in reconstructing the corruption perfectly. By now, he was even more certain that this person was a Wise Star Order. In fact, it should be a Wise Star Order that was using their Tablet to create a new Force Art, but they had ended up failing and took this approach instead.

Now, though, Leonel understood the corruption perfectly and all the parts that made it up. What once was an enigma to him fell into a logical train of thought, and likewise, how it connected with the original Lineage Factor made all the more sense to him.

So, when he reached forward, and began to pull the corruption out of his Force Art as though he was plucking an apple from a tree, it all flowed smoothly and naturally. He was no longer confused about where the corruption started and where it ended, nor was he confused about which of his actions might ruin the Force Art and which one wouldn't.

When he finished pulling the corruption out, he felt a rumble in his mind. [Lineage Factor: Glaive Domain] [Lineage Factor: Ax Domain] [Lineage Factor: Bow Domain] [Lineage Factor: Spear Domain] Not a single one had the corruption tag on it.

'It'll take a little more time, but I think I can do this one too, now.' Leonel looked toward [Unnamed] and grinned. ... Another three days later, Leonel stepped out from the Silver Tablet practically brimming. He could feel the energy coursing through him, though it didn't come from changes in his Lineage Factor.

Although he had succeeded in changing the Force Art, he hadn't implemented the changes in his body yet. For one, this wasn't about him, he had promised to focus on helping his brothers to improve. If it hadn't been necessary, he wouldn't have wasted time on returning to True Sovereignty either.

Secondly, his Lineage Factor was dormant right now anyway, it wouldn't make a large difference in combat strength even if he did choose to be selfish again.

"Alright, everyone gather up, I come bearing gifts!"

Soon, Leonel's brothers and some other interested participants came forward. Many didn't know how to face Leonel anymore, whether that be due to their own animosity or their own inferiority. But at the very least, that wasn't everyone.

"Joel, you have two choices. Well, this one isn't a choice."

Leonel pressed a palm into Joel and passed on the Heaviness Ability Index to Joel.

Joel's brows raised up and he felt an extra hint of something special, but he didn't quite understand it.

"Think about this new Ability Index, how it's similar to your previous one, and what lines connect them. Once you understand that, I promise you'll have a huge leap in strength.

"As for what your choices are, it's quite simple."

Leonel waved a hand and the Glaive Domain Force Art appeared.

"You have two. One is to learn this Lineage Factor by directly absorbing it. Two is to learn this Lineage Factor by meditating upon it."

Joel's eyes narrowed. "And what do you think I should do?"