Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2384 Pure Enlightenment

Leonel leapt backward, coughing a few times. "Take her somewhere safe, will you, Anastasia?"

"It's like I'm a maid or something, unbelievable."

Though she grumbled, she did take Emna away.

Leonel nodded to himself. He felt that there was some great potential in these so-called "Common" Ability Indexes and Lineage Factors, especially when it came to their synergy. It seemed that his calculations had been correct and everything was going smoothly.

For Drake and his Pure Marksman Ability Index, Leonel didn't go the expected route and hand him the Bow Domain Ring. This wasn't because he wanted to keep it to himself, but because Drake had never used bows or even crossbows. Drake liked guns and modern machinery. This had caused him no shortage of headaches because this path wasn't common in wider Existence. But he obviously had Leonel by his side now. What weapon he wanted to use was irrelevant.

Not only did Leonel give Drake a pair of pistols forged by him personally, he gave him a long-barreled sniper rifle. However, these were all ultimately external items. He fused Drake's Pure Marksman Ability Index with a Telekinesis Ability Index, feeling that the synergy would be great, and that it was.

Finally, Leonel gave Drake some general advice about Weapon Forces. He believed that if Drake wanted to continue down this path, he would need to create a new Weapon Force for himself, and that would require comprehending a new set of what Leonel was choosing to call Simple Building Blocks. These Simple Building Blocks were the aspects of Sharpness, Swiftness, and the like that decided the characteristics of various weapons. If Drake wanted to do the and create a "Gun Force", then he would have to first break it down into its individual parts and understand what a "Gun Force" would entail. Finally, he gave Drake the sharper eyesight character of the Bow Domain Lineage Factor, though not the whole thing.

Afterward, Leonel moved on to Gil.

Gil, aside from being a top-tier pervert, was a Lightning Elemental Speedster. After absorbing the crimson lightning from an oceanic beast that Leonel had given him, his lightning not only gained the ability to boost his physical abilities somewhat but also a life-stealing character. The first thing Leonel did was help Gil shed this unnecessary life-stealing aspect; it was only hindering the purity of his path. Then, he helped Gil fuse with Normand's Pure Speedster Ability Index, raising him to an all-new level. This mutation allowed Gil's lightning to gain the ability to impact his nervous system direction. It made him sharper and allowed him to function at high speed with greater ease, on top of, of course, increasing his base speed a great deal.

Leonel turned to Franco next.

Franco had a simple strength buff Ability Index, but it made Leonel interested. If Joel's Ability Index could have such interesting effects, what about Franco's? So he tested it, fusing Franco's Ability Index with the Pure Speedster Ability Index.

[Franco Rohan] [Ability Index: Pure Amplification: Incomplete]

After the fusion of Pure Strength and Pure Speedster, this was the result. The Incomplete tag intrigued Leonel even more, especially since it already raised Franco to a level of a Black Contribution. Unfortunately, he couldn't find any more matching sets until he looked toward Arnold.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[Arnold MacArthur] [Ability Index: Pure Enlightenment]

Then Leonel remembered. When he first tried to guide Arnold, he realized that the latter's comprehension of Universal Forces was off the charts. Back then, when he asked Arnold to describe his Ability Index to him, Arnold said that he could shoot energy out of his palms that vibrated. But clearly, according to the Silver Tablet, these two matters were completely unrelated, and looking at Arnold's Lineage Factor screen, that was explained quite clearly.

[Lineage Factor: Vibrating; Strong; Explosive; Heavy...]

The list went on and on, so much so that Leonel was rendered speechless not just by the terrible naming sense, but the sheer number. Then he understood. Every time Arnold comprehended something, he would slot it into his body and it would manifest into a Lineage Factor because his comprehension was so deep. However, he had so many Lineage Factors, many of which played such a small role in his combat style. They were holding him back, Leonel was certain.

This was all because Arnold didn't have the knowledge that Leonel had. If he knew that his Ability Index was related to the mind and not the body, it would have changed his entire approach. Arnold's Pure Enlightenment Ability Index was, as a result, stuck at the first Tier, and all of his Lineage Factors were even worse off.

When Leonel learned this, he sighed. It was his fault, how could it not be his fault. If he paid just a little bit more attention, how could Arnold fall into such a hole? Leonel helped Arnold to sort it all out, and then, he transferred over Pure Strength and Pure Speedster to him, while transferring Pure Enlightenment to Franco.

"Holy shit," Franco mumbled. His thoughts were racing at a mile a minute. It was no wonder Arnold was half a mute. When would you have time to decide what you wanted to say when you could think of a million things a second?

Afterward, Leonel moved on to Raylion.

Raylion had the Telekinesis Ability Index, and among those that followed him, he had some of the strongest will power that Leonel had ever seen. But it was also a bit difficult to help Raylion out. While he had given Drake the Telekinesis Ability Index, he couldn't just do the reverse, and this was the same reason why he gave Franco Pure Enlightenment, but didn't give it to Gil. The foundation one started with was important. Franco was used to fighting with the body, but Gil was an outright Speedster who evolved to use his lightning better.

Meanwhile, Raylion was used to using his telekinesis to battle, but he wasn't a marksman. As such, Leonel had to help him out in a different way.