Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2396 No Sense

What happened next, without a doubt, enraged a large segment of the "gods".

Mo''Lexi didn't seem to care about propriety as she entirely ignored the words of Clarence and the others, taking Leonel under her wing.

In fact, when Leonel took Aina's hand and made it quite clear that he had no intention of letting go, Mo''Lexi turned a blind eye to Clarence's rage, while Clarence himself couldn't say anything too boldly about it.

For a moment, he had thought that Leonel was doing his best to draw a dividing line between himself and his father, even going as far as to say he died at the hands of non-humans as opposed to the Four Great Families. In fact, he even somewhat believed it.

But in the end, Leonel had gotten exactly what he wanted.

Or did he?

Leonel had no idea. His grandfather had told him about the Godlen's, the Four Great Families, the Dream Pavilion and the Cult, but he had no idea who this woman was a part of. Though, he had a good guess... A guess that was confirmed not long later.

...

"Brat, you think yourself to be very clever, don't you?" Mo''Lexi chuckled.

At the moment, Leonel, Mo''Lexi and Aina stood in a room of pitch blackness. And yet, in an odd method that completely defied the laws of physics, Leonel could see them both as clear as day. It was as though someone had photoshopped them out of reality, leaving them as the only light and heat sources in existence.

Leonel blinked, seemingly not understanding what Mo''Lexi was getting at.

"Goddess, I-"

"Stop, stop, stop-It's getting annoying," Mo''Lexi plucked at her ears.

Leonel blinked again, and looked down.

Seeing that Leonel's "act" was still ongoing, Mo''Lexi didn't know whether to praise him, slap him to death, or if she was making the wrong assumption to begin with.

What was fascinating to her, though, was that even this close, she truly couldn't tell.

Now that she thought about it, Leonel's only "slip up" was in thinking that she was an adorable old lady. Anyone with reverence for a god would never have this thought.

But then again, after that "slip up", she had immediately said her name and didn't get a chance to test his true intentions any more than that.

As a result, Leonel still had plausible deniability on his side.

That said... there was a second slip up, though this one was more of a quasi-mistake.

Mo''Lexi looked toward Aina. No matter how you looked at it, the fact Leonel had insisted on bringing this beautiful little girl would be seen as an attempt to use her.

Even so, she had ended up accepting it. The end result being that she couldn't even choose anyone other than these two while the other groups had at least a dozen to their names.

"So you're going to insist on this act, then? That is fine," Mo''Lexi smiled somewhat evilly. "Regardless of what you do, I'll be working you to the bone one way or another.

"Welcome to the Three Finger Cult."

...L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Leonel didn't really get the chance to decide how he felt about his current circumstances. When Mo''Lexi spoke about working him to the bone, she meant it.

He and Aina were forced into a hybrid role. The battles hadn't even begun yet, but they were ordered around like slaves, picking up and moving heavy artillery and large vessels of resources.

One would think in a world like this one, there would be easier methods of moving things. But it felt like Leonel had gone back to the primitive times.

Now that he thought about it, in the Cataclysm Zone, they hadn't had large machinery like the starships either. Instead, they rode on the backs of huge beasts the size of which Leonel had never seen before.

Likewise, here, there was no technology, at least not in the natural sense.

Even so, Leonel didn't care. His mind was still on exactly what the purpose of these Human Race Powers were. What were they trying to do?

Mo''Lexi had explained it in part.

The gaps between "Bubbles" were a lot like the Void Battlefield, filled with dense Anarchic Force. The difference was that in Complete Worlds, Anarchic Force was so thick and viscous that it took on a liquid form.

This Anarchic Force was especially potent against powerful individuals. Much like the Anarchic Force of the Dimensional Verse, it tried to consume all of the Force it came into contact with, turning it into nothing. But liquid Anarchic Force worked in a contradictory sort of way.

It sought balance, and it was hard to reach a "balance" when the target was too weak. As such, it acted much more like gaseous Anarchic Force against weaker, sub-Ninth Dimensional existence.

If it was a quick trip, a Ninth Dimensional existence could make it across with ease. But if it was a prolonged battle, they would be in far more danger than even a Seventh Dimensional existence.

This was why the gods wanted to use them to gain an advantage in this war before their Bubbles were invaded.

'Bullshit.'

That was the conclusion Leonel came to. Unfortunately, he had a feeling that most people would believe it.

Unfortunately, he didn't know what the real reason was, and he was too busy sweating his life away carrying these mountain-sized crates to investigate anything further.

Then the time came. Leonel and Aina called again, one of them looking much more tired than the other.

Not only was Leonel unwilling to let Aina do such mundane tasks, they had the strongest chance at survival if one of them focused on raising their strength. The best choice was obviously Aina. So, in these past weeks, Leonel had done the work of two people on his own while Aina focused on nothing other than strengthening herself.

Mo''Lexi's eyes flashed like lightning when they landed on Aina, but in the end, she said nothing.

"The first mission has been prepared for you," Mo''Lexi spoke, her lips quirking into a smile when saw that Leonel practically looked like death.

"We're entering alone?"

Leonel frowned. This was once again outside of his expectations. Weren't they afraid that he would escape?

Mo''Lexi laughed again as though she could read Leonel's mind, though he was certain that right now, she most definitely couldn't.

"Esteemed Goddess, what is our task?"

"Nothing too big. Come back with the heads of three demons and I will be satisfied."

Leonel and Aina were eventually led to a hidden room with a door on one end and a swirling portal on the other.

Confusion consumed him. It was a novel feeling, one that he didn't like in the slightest.

They hadn't seen any other geniuses of the Three Finger Cult. The people he had worked with over the last weeks were all old men and women at the end of their potential. Mo''Lexi hadn't given him any sort of guidance or even resources to improve himself...

Just what was going on? Weren't the Incomplete Worlds supposed to be the final trump card of the Humans to deal with their enemies? So why were they being treated so casually?

There was no structure. No sense. No common thread linking everything.

He was being led by the nose and he couldn't even do anything about it.

He and Aina entered the portal under Mo''Lexi's bright smile.