Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2399 Top of the World

'A seal, it's all a seal. They're trying to map it, and what, the Three Finger Cult wants me to stop it? But those chains in my body should have been placed there by the Demoness, so shouldn't that mean that this seal was created by her as well? Isn't she a demon? So her own people are trying to undo her work? But then why is she so entangled with humans?'

Leonel felt another headache coming along. The web had become just a little bit clearer, but he still didn't have enough information to see the whole picture. It felt like he was still being suffocated.

At first he was a frog at the bottom of a well, but now he was slowly climbing up the walls to find that not only was he buried far deeper than he thought, but the world outside was probably vaster than anything he could even begin to imagine.

"Well, we've killed two demons, but we definitely can't use them to meet our quota of three," Leonel finally said. "We'll have to find some more."

Aina nodded. She had killed them both too swiftly and far too easily. It didn't make sense to try and add some wounds to it either. Who knew what kind of means those powerhouses had? They could even read your mind if you weren't careful, let alone if you handed them a body of evidence to use against you.

Luckily, Aina could protect her mind thanks to Soul Clairvoyance, and Leonel's Dream Force had improved greatly as well, at least enough that he felt like he could maintain some semblance of control over his life in the short term.

The gap in the strength they expected Leonel and Aina to have, versus the strength they actually had was too far apart.

It had to be understood that the demons Aina had just treated like playthings were on a level beyond the Fiend Demons they had once had to risk life and limb to defeat. The geniuses of the Vast Bubble would have found themselves killed several times over if they had met that group of four.

Although Mo''Lexi was still far stronger than the two of them, Leonel still didn't want her to know just yet how much potential they truly had.

This was especially so for Aina.

Luckily, they hadn't ended up in the hands of the people of the Vast Bubble. Had they, they would have recognized Aina once Ophelia got her hands on her, and then much of their secrets would have been revealed.

"I'll fight," Leonel said. "You don't worry your pretty little head."

"How chivalrous of you." Aina giggled.

The two set off, Leonel's Internal Sight doing a wide sweeping search.

He found several demons; it actually wasn't that difficult. If it wasn't for the fact he and Aina had chosen to... take a break, it was likely that they would have already been in multiple battles by now. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

However, he didn't want to just target any demon.

Firstly, he needed demons that were particularly weak. Second, he was also hunting these demons for the same purpose he and Aina had initially. This was an excellent chance to bolster the strength of his brothers, not to mention add to his Silver Tablet's collection.

He wasn't worried about his things being found out. Anastasia was particularly good at hiding her aura if she chose to. The finger sleeve on his hand looked like an ordinary ornament, and some people might even assume he just used finger martial arts, or that he had weird tastes.

There was another thing on Leonel's mind as well as he completed these tasks, and that was the changes to his body.

Firstly, his Dream Force was still at the same stage of the Impetus State, the Lower State. This was odd to him... at least at first.

Secondly, his Dream Asura Lineage Factor was under his complete control.

Thirdly, he felt like he could think of the Demoness now without feeling those constant pair of eyes on him.

Fourthly, and the one that took him maybe the most to come to terms with, not only because of how shocking it was, but how difficult it was to confirm... He had become a Dream Sovereign.

His Dream Force gained an almost milky character to it, as though it was a smooth cream flowing through his mind. If he had to describe it, it was as though someone took the purest white, and the most subtle of gold, and melted them down into a substance that didn't quite fuse together perfectly.

He didn't quite know how to feel about this.

He was born a Destruction Sovereign, that made sense. The Domain Rings opened up a path for him to become a Weapon Sovereign, and that made sense.

But wasn't this too casual? Too easy?

However, when he really thought about it, when he really felt it, he understood.

Weapon Forces were an exception because they relied on one part the universal laws that dictated everything, and the laws created by humans and intelligent creatures. As such, becoming one after birth was a matter of comprehension.

He had obviously been born with his Destruction Sovereignty, so there was nothing much to think about there.

Then what about his Dream Sovereignty?

Well, didn't it fall into the same category as his Weapon Sovereignties? His Dream Force was personal, it was even more personal than any one of his other Forces.

So long as he had the affinity not to get lost in Dream Force like so many others would, if he could find himself, his true self, wouldn't he naturally become a Dream Sovereign?

But that was the thing... He didn't feel that he had found his true self. Rather, he felt that he had come to peace with the ways of the world pulling him in every direction... and he felt confidence in one day reaching a point where he could rise above it all.

Was that really enough?

It seemed that the answer was yes.

And this made him feel like he was on top of the world.