Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2406 Perfect Woman

Leonel handed Aina a letter. "Here, go give this to those three bastards."

Looking at Leonel, who was gritting his teeth as though someone had just beaten his mother half to death, Aina didn't even know how to react. She wanted to ask Leonel what was wrong, but when she saw that deadly sort of look in his eyes, she stopped.

"Okay," she said after a while.

Taking the letter, she turned and left.

Leonel went back to work, one part of his mind focused on Aina and the other focused on his tasks. He looked completely focused and dutiful again as though he was never enraged to begin with.

...

Mo''Lexi suddenly sensed a flash of rage that rippled outward, but it disappeared just as quickly. When she checked, she found Leonel working alone as usual, but to her surprise, there was also that little girl. Oddly enough, she wasn't with Leonel. Instead, as he completed both of their workloads, she had gone off to do gods know what.

Mo''Lexi sighed and shook her head. She had seen this sort of scene play out a million times before, so she shut her mind off to it. It didn't matter.

...

Aina didn't know what Leonel put in the letter, but judging by his rage, she had some guesses. Even so, she didn't ask. She would just have to teach that man a lesson when she next got a chance. How dare he do this to her?

The three young men Leonel was referring to were without a doubt Bogrum, Bryan, and Elek. These three, aside from Alastar, seemed to be the only others in the hangar. And unlike Leonel, they didn't spend their time lifting heavy loads, but were rather responsible for double-checking that he had stacked everything correctly. As a result, their lives were quite leisurely.

They didn't expect that Aina would come up to Bogrum all of a sudden, hand him a letter, and then vanish into the wind like she was never there.

Bogrum was dazed by Aina's beauty and couldn't even react properly to her approach, not to mention the fact her speed was... ridiculous. If not for the fact his hormones were raging, he would have questioned how someone from the lower worlds could even possibly be so quick in the first place.

But he was completely enraptured. He would have only looked like more of a bumbling fool if drool began to leak from his lips.

He had known that Aina was a beauty just by half her face. After all, the other half had been pressed against Leonel's back, so he hadn't seen clearly. To make matters worse, her figure had been obscured by Leonel as well.

But now, seeing her in full view, he felt a heat within him that wouldn't die out. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

How could there be such a beautiful woman in this world? Everything about her from top to bottom was so...

Bogrum shook his head, suddenly remembering the letter in his hands. Those two hounds, Bryan and Elek were already staring at him with unfriendly gazes, looking like they might pounce on the letter at any time.

He sneered and taunted them before slowly opening the letter.

He held Bryan back with one leg and Elek back with his free hand, reading the letter like a fiendish demon. His grin couldn't have been wider and laughter rang out.

His reaction only made Elek and Bryan more jealous and furious.

"You two plebs can stay here. I have some preparations to make for tonight!"

He smoothed out his clothing and strolled away like he was a king on top of the world.

...

Aina returned to Leonel with a gloomy expression.

When Leonel saw her, he tried to greet her with a happy smile, but she gave him a death glare, grabbed his hand, and then disappeared into the Segmented Cube.

Leonel's gaze flashed with rage soon afterward, but then he sighed and shook his head.

...

Mo''Lexi, who had said that she wouldn't watch anymore, couldn't help but shake her head.

None of it would matter in the end anyway.

...

Leonel continued to do his job as the hours ticked away. Soon, he called Aina out and she left again without a word.

"Done?" Leonel asked.

"About as finished as it could be, I guess."

"That's not the vote of confidence I wanted to hear," Leonel said.

"Humph."

Anastasia turned and ignored Leonel.

Welp, it seemed like everyone was too mad at him to ask questions, and that was just fine by him. He'd just have to coddle them a bit later.

He continued doing his work.

...

Aina walked through the shadows of the crates, her expression quite cold and off-putting.

Soon, she saw Bogrum in the distance and continued forward with even slower steps.

"Ah, Aina! My darling! I was happy to learn your name through your letter, a beautiful name indeed. Morales is also a beautiful last name, I'm sure your parents were wonderful people."

Seeing Bogrum stumble over himself, Aina felt disgusted. But when she heard the name Morales, her temper flared again.

That shameless bastard was pimping her out, but he couldn't help but leave his mark behind. Aina Morales? When had she changed her last name? He was really getting on her last nerve.

"Don't touch me," Aina said coldly.

"Ah, right, yes, yes. I apologize."

Bogrum giggled like a little high school girl and scratched the back of his head awkwardly.

"Right, right. It's a bit too fast, we should get to know each other a little bit. This isn't the best environment for a date, how about I bring you somewhere better?"

Bogrum turned and escorted Aina down the path.

"So, Aina, what kind of hobbies are you into?" Bogrum tried to break the awkward silence as he continued to walk forward.

"Killing," Aina responded. "I particularly enjoy killing."

Bogrum paled for a moment sensing a hint of bloodlust, but when he saw Aina's beautiful silhouette, he seemed to forget all about his fear.

Suddenly, Aina stopped, her eyes widening.

Bogrum was taken aback, and when he looked toward the direction Aina was looking in, his eyes widened too.

"Ah... ah... S-senior Al-Alastar... what are you doing out so late?"

Alastar didn't seem to hear Bogrum at all as his gaze locked onto Aina.

"Woman... Perfect woman..."