Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2407 Holy Hell

"Perfect woman... Perfect woman... Perfect woman!"

Alastar's words practically came out like the chants of a religious fanatic. The more he looked at Aina, the more the lust in his eyes burned.

But he was a Variant Invalid. The things that normal creatures of flesh and blood felt weren't the same things that could move him. Instead, it was because he could sense Aina's Blood Sovereignty that was going so crazy. It was the scent of her blood that drew him completely over the edge.

Bogrum turned completely pale. He was so close to going on a date with such a beautiful woman, but then Alastar just had to appear. How could he not be aggrieved?

"Al-Alastar. Aina is my-"

His words were caught in his throat as Alastar turned his gaze toward him.

"Scram!" Alastar roared.

Bogrum was sent flying backward by the wind pressure alone, crashing into the heavy crates, and yet being entirely unable to budge them even an inch.

The result was his body taking the full brunt of the impact and his bones shattering like fragile, rusted metal.

Alastar turned back toward Aina, his gaze burning with a fiery passion.

"Keep looking at me like that, and I'll cut you into a thousand pieces."

Aina's voice was even and didn't carry the slightest fluctuation of an emotion, and yet the atmosphere itself seemed to chill considerably.

Alastar didn't seem to register Aina's words at all as he reached forward, seemingly about to grab her.

Aina's gaze flashed with fury as she struck out with a heavy palm.

BANG!

She and Alastar both took one step backward, causing the latter to blink in slight surprise. Clearly, he hadn't expected this sort of result. Since he came to this world, he had yet to sense someone as powerful as himself that wasn't also beyond his Dimension.

"Woman..."

Aina struck out again, her disgust pouring out in a rain of attacks that caused the air to clap like thunder. Her arms blurred, her palms descending as though meteors ripping through the atmosphere.

Alastar had no choice but to meet these attacks with fists of his own, his surprise giving way to rage, and his rage giving way to fury.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Aina took three heavy steps back, her body vibrating along with everyone. It truly hurt to fight on surfaces she couldn't destroy with a single hit. Because the walls of the hangar were so strong and sturdy, just stepping on the floor felt like 100% of the force was dissipated into her body alone and it made her expression drain of blood.

Alastar pressed forward, his towering might suppressing Aina every step of the way. A wild, fiendish aura billowed out from him and his strength only seemed to increase further and further with every strike.

...

Mo''Lexi frowned, looking up. She was completely focused on finishing the last steps when she saw what was happening.

Bogrum was half-dead and that Variant Invalid was causing trouble again? He seemed to be trying to subdue that little girl?

Mo''Lexi sneered. Didn't you want to climb onto a higher tree? Why don't you let the Variant Invalid take you to bed, then?

She didn't make a move immediately, almost as though she wanted to watch Aina suffer first. But she was also curious. Why was the Variant Invalid going so crazy? What was it about Aina that it was seeking?

She turned her attention away to lock onto Leonel. He once again leaned against a crate, his aura gloomy.

It seemed that the reason Leonel was so "tired" before was because he had had a fight with this lover of his.

"What a pitiful little boy."

Mo''Lexi seemed to truly feel bad about what was happening. She sighed and turned her attention to Aina and Variant Invalid again.

By this point, Aina had lost all ability to resist, her face was pale and her neck was caught in a vice grip, blood draining from her face.

Mo''Lexi was content to let her die. It wasn't a big deal, they would all end up in the same place anyway.

But then she froze.

Indeed. Why was the Variant Invalid so interested in a girl? Although she could admit that Aina's beauty was the kind she had only seen amongst Spirituals, beauty didn't move Variant Invalids in the same way it did other humanoid males. At least not the majority of them.

The sole focus of Variant Invalids was evolution. Their failure was like an ingrained mark on their souls, pressing them onward to be better and better.

Mo''Lexi watched as Alastar took a huge sniff of Aina's hair, he looked like he was intoxicated. When he grabbed her wrist and sunk his teeth into her as though she was a bar of chocolate rather than a human, and his eyes rolled back like he had entered a high, Mo''Lexi's eyes widened.

"Blood Sovereign!"

Mo''Lexi immediately vanished.

...

In that instant, Leonel, who had been brooding in his own sorrow suddenly flashed, moving so quickly that he left blurs in his wake.

"Don't be mad, Aina. I'm sorrrryyyy."

"Leave me alone," an annoyed voice entered Leonel's ear.

"It was just a letter!" Leonel protested.

"I'm ignoring you."

Leonel appeared before a door, one that was quite familiar to him. It was this very door that Mo''Lexi had led him and Aina into for the sake of entering that in-between world.

Of course, it was under tight lock and key. There wasn't even room for the slightest air gap to make it through.

However, the level wasn't exceptionally high either. It was a measure that Mo''Lexi had clearly casually put together.

"Don't ignore me, you know I love you."

"Go love your foot."

"If that's what my lovely wife wants me to do, I'll do it."

"Nobody's your wife. Call me Morales again without my consent and I'll chop it off." RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Leonel shivered. "Yes, wife."

Aina snorted as Leonel broke through the restrictions and sped inside. With a wave of his hand, the restrictions were back to normal as though nothing at all had happened.

Leonel stepped forward and crossed into the portal again.

Standing in the world of flowing darkness again, he looked at the Spear Domain Ring on his finger.

'Well, it's about time I unleash some holy hell.'