Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2409 Loose

Leonel blinked. "Man, I'm a genius." Anastasia and Aina snorted at the same time. Maybe Leonel was right, but the moment he was running for his life as the world collapsed around him was most definitely not the time he should be thinking about this.

And that was-running for his life, that is.

Plumes of Anarchic Force rose like vicious tides as though a nuke had just gone off, but the worst part wasn't this gaseous Anarchic Force, but rather the liquid that billowed forth from the ground like ancient hidden geysers.

Leonel sprinted, ducked and rolled every which way, taking advantage of his strong senses to make it through.

Out of Mo''Lexi's range of influence, he could slip into the Dream Plane much more easily, though it was greatly taxing on him. However, right now, he didn't have the luxury of worrying about his Dream Force consumption.

His body was in a terrible state from all the labor he had put it through, and he hadn't been able to eat a proper meal in weeks.

Setting aside the fact Mo''Lexi and the other higher-ups wanted to rear them like cattle, she took advantage of the fact they were in higher Dimensions to not feed them either.

But Leonel was in the Third Dimension right now. His body really couldn't make do without food, making his situation even worse.

Unfortunately, Aina and Anastasia were still mad at him, so he could only continue to run without their worry to bolster his morale.

"Still going in the right direction?" Leonel asked and received another snort in reply. He took that as a yes and kept pressing forward.

Just now, what Anastasia had done wasn't too complicated. Just like her aura had said, she tried to use her status as a World Spirit to consume the World Spirits of the Domain Rings.

But just as Leonel expected, the true World Spirits were located off-world in a completely separate location. Demons couldn't even make it through this in-between world easily, so how much more difficult was it for Anastasia to try and establish a connection and then absorb those World Spirits through a mere few rings?

Thankfully, Leonel hadn't needed Anastasia to succeed. What he needed her to do was to throw a seal that had already shattered even more off balance.

According to his original calculations, the seal's latent energy should have dissipated slowly. During that course, it would begin to display more and more flaws until the demons could bring in large streams of armies. Once it completely collapsed, the Demon Worlds would finish their fusion with the Human Worlds and all hell would break loose.

The only reason Mo''Lexi had been able to teleport Leonel and Aina in and out like she had was because the "flaws" were more well known to the humans in the first place. That was why they had been able to enter, and it was also why Leonel had to wait hours for Mo''Lexi to open the portal as she had likely been doing her due diligence to ensure that they weren't followed. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Anastasia's pressure, though, in trying to force a connection between what were two different Human Bubble worlds had thrown the balance completely off.

The last piece of the puzzle was Leonel's experience in the Cataclysm Zone, or, the Vast Bubble, rather.

That world seemed to be torn into pieces, and their locations rife with demon activity that could only be defended by strategically placed cities.

All of those "demon worlds" were real.

The reason Complete Worlds were called Bubbles was because they could act exactly as such! These Bubbles could be fused and separated under the right kind of power, leading to drastic changes in the landscape.

What Leonel had done firstly formed a connection between two Human Bubble Worlds that had never been there before. Second, he had disrupted the latent energy of the shield, causing its stabilization of the situation to falter. And thirdly, because of these two factors, the attempt of the Demon Worlds to fuse their Bubbles with the human Bubbles, which had been paused for a very long time, had suddenly sped back up once again.

So when Leonel said he had let all hell break loose, he might have even been a little too humble.

Right this moment, what must have been at least half a dozen Bubbles were being forcefully pressed together and would soon merge into a whole new complete world.

And it was all because of him.

Another snort sounded.

Okay, all because of him, Aina, and Anastasia.

"There." Anastasia suddenly said.

Leonel grinned, diving forward and just barely sliding past two boulders that quickly smashed against one another.

He saw a demon in the distance running for their life, but he sped right by them, not even giving them a second glance.

He found a seemingly ordinary location that was a little bit too stable given the chaos in the other regions.

"Please open it for me, Anastasia."

Another snort resounded, but he eventually felt the world being pried open.

This was his second goal, to use the commotion as an excuse to enter another world outside of Mo''Lexi's where it would be easier for him to blend in. In fact, he might not have to hide his identity at all depending on how things went, but it would all depend.

'It's time to find out who's on the other side of those Domain Rings.'

Leonel's gaze sharpened as he jumped through.

There was only one other world that Anastasia could find so quickly, and that was the world that she had formed the connection with in the first place, the world that gave power to the Domain Rings.

...

The commotion that Leonel had caused could only be said to be devastating, but the most shocking part of it wasn't what it did to the world, but rather all of those crates.

One after another, under the rampage of Anarchic Force, the worlds were split open and the crates that Leonel couldn't even manage to dent were destroyed one after another.