Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2411 Second Round

Leonel still didn't know what that meant, even now. But he was also thinking about it harder than he would have in the past now that he knew the Godlens had such sinister intentions.

Did his grandfather just not know about the Domain Rings' secrets? That wasn't impossible, it wasn't like Emperor Fawkes had to be infallible. He was human too, he was allowed to make mistakes.

Just as Leonel was thinking, he heard Vivak begin to bark out orders, and in the corner of Anastasia's sight, or at least the furthest corner he could comfortably compute, he saw something that made him curse under his breath.

Noah and Jessica.

'Fuck.'

Leonel could see the Saber Domain Ring on Noah's finger from here, and he didn't have to guess very hard to understand what happened.

The Godlen's must have used the "flaw" in the Domain Rings as a benefit to themselves. Noah likely found the Saber Domain Ring in the first round and had a breakthrough that caught the attention of the Godlens. The reason why he hadn't seen him when the second round began was because the Godlens had already snatched him up in secret.

Now, Noah was walking around with a somewhat dead look in his eyes that only lit up when he heard Vivak's command. Only then did he have a burst of speed as he began to corral the large masses of rock and debris, making sure that none of them were lost in the tears in space.

The only slight hint that he had any sort of humanity left was the fact Jessica was still strapped to his back. Leonel didn't doubt that they had probably tried getting rid of her several times, but it hadn't worked for them so they gave up. In the end, Noah didn't have enough of his faculties left to continue taking care of Jessica properly, so she would likely die soon. The fact she had lasted so long in the first place was a miracle in and of itself.

'I have to do something.'

Leonel was constantly moving, using the large pieces of debris to hide, and taking advantage of the volatile Force in the air to escape from an Internal Sight sweep.

In this sort of environment, the only ones that could still use senses other than their eyes to see things were those with Life State Dream or Soul Force, and Leonel had already concluded that maybe the only one at that level in the entire human alliance was probably King, but his father had killed him.

Leonel continued to store away large amounts of resources without anyone knowing. By the end of it, he had so many that he could probably build his own little asteroid with them and float off into space on a cloud, but he knew he couldn't.

He sighed inwardly. There was no way he was leaving his cousin behind.

At that moment, Leonel's calm face became "panicked" and he "flew out" from a crack in space.

Vivak's expression changed as he looked over, only to find that Leonel was speeding head first into a large piece of debris that would probably shatter his body into pieces.

Vivak could save him, but at that same moment he saw another important piece about to fly into a spatial tear. He decisively gave up on Leonel even though he was curious about the latter and immediately corralled this piece into his control, pulling it down from the air.

When he looked back, expecting to see Leonel become a piece of earth, his eyes widened in shock.

A bead of golden Spear Force came from Leonel's fingers, tapping against the stone as he spun out of the way. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

'Spear Sovereignty!'

He looked at Leonel's finger and noticed there was a Spear Domain Ring there and he was even more shocked.

How had they failed to bring him in?

They had only managed to get a return of two people when they activated their hidden plan. Of course, this didn't include Jessica, but it was rather Noah and one other person who wasn't currently present because he was less of a hassle to deal with.

Noah held onto an obsession related to that woman on his back, so they could only allow her to die naturally so that they could continue with their plans. They wanted to be more forceful about it, but with how fragile the matter was, it was impossible.

But now, this boy had suddenly come out and he was a Sovereign as well. So how had they missed him?

'Could he have comprehended it after the call? No, we would have still sensed it anyway. Then...'

Vivak's gaze flashed as he corralled the last large piece of the formation.

"Everyone retreat! This is a dead zone."

Vivak's speed flashed and Leonel couldn't even react as he was picked up by the scruff of his collar along with Noah.

He could only sigh toward the situation. Being treated like a little kitten who had done wrong did not make him happy at all, but what could he do? This was what he got for being too weak.

He had never really experienced this sort of helplessness before. Of course, he had been weak before, and he had even been forced to watch as others died before him, but this constant and perpetual impugnment on his own self-sovereignty was beginning to make him angry.

He took a breath and calmed himself. He would play these people to death one by one. He would definitely get the last laugh.

Minutes later, Leonel was put down beside Noah and pretended to be disoriented.

"Who?! Where!?"

He looked around, his eyes widening when he saw Vivak.

"Ah, Sir God!"

Vivak's lip twitched. This young man was a little too eager, but none of it mattered.

"You, how are you here? Didn't Mo-"

The man paused, not wanting a round two of a previous situation.

Leonel smirked inwardly. That had worked once on him, it wouldn't work again. But that was just fine, at least he didn't have to pretend to be a dull mute for another few hours.

In the end, he explained with the previous reasoning he had already thought up.

It seemed it was time for a second round of games to begin.