Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2413 Underestimated

Leonel took a breath, and his mind sharpened.

He focused his attention. There were two things he had to do before he could start building his Nodes again, that being raising all of his Forces to the Impetus State and comprehending the Constellation within him.

Thanks to Mo''Lexi, his Scarlet Star Force had risen to the Impetus State, and his Destruction Sovereignty had taken a huge leap forward. If not for the fact he was stuck in a Third Dimensional body, he would be a true force to be reckoned with.

His Dream Force was already in the Lower Impetus State, his Vital Star Force was also there, his Weapon Forces were in the Middle Impetus State, and they were actually his strongest Forces currently.

This only left two targets.

He had to raise his Dark Force to the Impetus State along with his Emulation Spatial Force.

Leonel hesitated. There was a hidden third thing he had to do, and that was an unspoken requirement of his father's list...

That was to confirm his path. Every Force he brought to the Impetus State was like another confirmation of the path he was headed down.

Right now, all of his Innate Nodes were in a dormant state. He had already figured out that this was because he had yet to activate his Nodes yet. He was in a similar state to before he had created even his first Node back in the Joan Zone.

Did that mean that if he wanted to abandon his Innate Nodes, this would be the best time to do so? Should he consider abandoning Emulation Spatial Force entirely?

He was hesitating.

Emulation Spatial Force wasn't a pure Spatial Force; it was mixed with Dream Force. It allowed him a method of projecting his Dream Force out of his body, something his Ability Index didn't allow alone.

But much like El'Rion had said, there was definitely a price to pay for taking the Innate Nodes of others. In fact, there was even a price to pay for having your own Innate Nodes as well.

So should he move forward with it? Or not?

Leonel made his decision. 'I will keep it.'

For one, there was no guarantee that if he got rid of the Innate Node right now, that it wouldn't still impact him.

He believed his grandfather had used an ingenious method to return him to the Third Dimension, but he highly doubted that that method was absolutely perfect, or else everyone wouldn't see him as being in the Fifth Dimension.

Second, he felt that Emulation Spatial Force was an excellent conduit for his current path of Dream Force. If he wanted to use King Alexandre's Ability Index to its fullest degree, this might be a key cog.

'Okay, then these are the last two. Dark Force. Emulation Spatial Force.'

Of the two, they were closer than he thought.

Thanks to him raising his Scarlet Star Force and Void Star Force simultaneously at one point, his Dark Force was already at the Fourth Layer, a step from the Impetus State.

His Emulation Spatial Force was at the Third Layer, two steps from the Impetus State.

Leonel's thoughts went back to that feeling that he had gotten when he entered the Dream Plane. He felt that comprehending his own Forces had never been easier, even in that brief instant.

After thinking for a while, he had an idea. Anastasia was right; he tried to do everything alone too often.

"How do I avoid the suppression of other Dream Forces?"

Mo''Lexi wasn't in the Life State, but her Impetus State Dream Force was stronger than his own. As such, she was able to create a domain around her that disallowed others from slipping into the Dream Plane. He had almost exposed himself when he made the attempt.

He doubted that Vivak was also some Dream Force master, but he knew that there were other ways to protect against Dream Force. Plus, the Godlen family was a strong enough Crafting family that they created the Domain Rings; how could they not have some Dream Force experts too even if they were weaker than Mo''Lexi?

Due to this, he was stuck. He couldn't enter that wonderful feeling again, not here, not if he didn't do something first.

"Idiot," Anastasia's voice came before Velasco's AI could respond. "You have me, don't you? Their suppression can't reach me. You want to observe your own Forces from the Dream Plane, right? There's no better place to do that than in the Segmented Cube."

Leonel felt like he had been struck by lightning. Indeed, why didn't think of that?

Ultimately, he knew why. He treated Anastasia like a chubby-faced annoying older sister, not what she truly was: a World Spirit. He was carrying his own independent world around with him; it was time he started acting like it.

Leonel stood. "Okay, I will go to the library Vivak mentioned and use it as a convenient method to check on Noah. Aina, can you please use my blood to create a clone of me?"

A snort echoed in Leonel's ears, and he smiled bitterly. It seemed that he still wasn't forgiven.

He gripped his fists. Soon, he would be strong enough that he'd never have to put her through that again.

Without a word, he left his room and strolled forward. When Anastasia told him the coast was clear, he slipped into Noah's room.

When Vivak was here, Leonel had pretended not to care about where Noah was going, making the matter less suspicious. But he had had Anastasia keep an eye out. Luckily, to keep up appearances, Noah also received his own room along with Jessica.

Looking at his dull reaction to his sudden entry, Leonel shook his head.

"What do you think, Anastasia? Can I free him?"

Leonel knew a lot about the corruption, enough to know that it was still beyond him to deal with. That was why he had to go through all that effort in the first place.

Now that it was activated, it might be even more of a headache to untangle.

But to his surprise, after a while, Noah's dull eyes suddenly sharpened. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Leo, you're here?"

Leonel blinked then he grinned like a madman. It seemed he had underestimated this cousin of his a bit too much.