Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2414 Tell You

Leonel was more than a little bit pleasantly surprised. Although it was unfortunate that he had allowed himself to be caught for Noah's sake, there wasn't much he could do to change that. It wasn't like Noah could snap out of it in front of Vivak and tell him to run. If that happened, they would have both been screwed.

That aside, this wasn't the end of the world either. If he could take proper advantage of the Godlen family, he could likely advance faster than if he was on his own anyway. In a way, being here was much safer than just being out and about in the wider world.

At least here, Vivak and experts like him could be used as a buffer while Leonel worked in the background to improve his position.

"That's a relief. It seems I thought too much, it's good you're doing fine."

Noah smiled a bit bitterly when he heard this. He was doing fine, but Jessica...

He hadn't been ignoring Jessica all this time, it was just that he couldn't do much about her. He didn't have any healing abilities and all of his attempts to help her ended quite awkwardly. He had a hard time feeding her, he was a bit embarrassed to bathe her, and he was careful with how he moved her around to an almost anal degree.

Back then, when Vivak had just grabbed them and run, it took everything within him to not snap.

Leonel looked at Jessica and then brought Aina out.

"Can you do something about her?" Leonel asked.

Aina ignored Leonel, clearly still a bit angry. She turned her focus entirely on Jessica.

It was harder for her to target her pills toward others. Her Clairvoyance was perfect for her, but much like her healing abilities, it only worked on herself and no one else.

That said, she did still have great skill as a Force Pill Crafter regardless. If it was just a task to create a general purpose healing pill, it wasn't too complicated at all.

Jessica was still in the Seventh Dimension and was at the standards of the Incomplete World. She wasn't hard to heal at all.

Aina nodded after a moment and then disappeared. A few minutes later, a pill appeared in Leonel's hands.

"It should dissolve easily enough in her mouth. You can also press it into any open wound if you're worried about her choking. So long as it makes contact with her blood, you should be fine."

Noah took the pill, his green eyes filled with endless gratitude. But just when he was going to feed the Force Pill to Jessica, he hesitated.

If Jessica suddenly became perfectly healthy, wouldn't they be exposed? The idea of leaving her in this state on purpose ripped his heart out, but if they were exposed, wouldn't they all die? By then, let alone pain, they would simply cease to be.

"Don't worry about it. Aina controlled the efficacy of the Force Pill so that its main property would be sustaining her life. Once she's recovered enough, we can draw her blood and create a realistic clone of her to act injured on her behalf. Then, I can place her into the Segmented Cube where she'll be safe."

Noah didn't know what to say. "... Thank you."

"No need to thank me, we're all family, aren't we?"

Leonel's grin made Noah's heart skip a beat. Leonel seemed to have changed. This Leonel was much more like the Leonel he had first met. Well... the Leonel that wasn't enraged about him fighting Aina, that is.

After nodding firmly, Noah fed the pill to Jessica. Almost immediately, he could sense her situation stabilize and a weighted stone on his heart finally fell.

Over the next week or so, she would slowly begin to heal. After that, she should be strong enough for them to draw some blood for Aina to create a Blood Clone. Then he wouldn't have to carry her around like this.

Finally, the two men got serious.

"What's your goal?" Noah asked. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Get stronger and then escape," Leonel replied seriously.

"Is that all?"

"Well, not really. But due to the circumstances, there's not much else I can explain to you."

"Is it because of the Dream Plane?"

Leonel's brows raised. He didn't expect Noah to mention this.

"Yes, you could say that." Leonel eventually nodded.

"I understand. I've thought of a method to deal with it. That dull state I was in previously was triggered by the Domain Ring, I think, or maybe the changes its Lineage Factor caused to my body.

"I could feel it taking over my mind, and that was when I learned about the Dream Plane. I managed to awaken an Ability of the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor that allowed me to hole my mind up. Unfortunately, it's at the weakest level right now, so that's why I can't keep my faculties. But this ended up being a blessing in disguise because that dullness is exactly what they were expecting."

Leonel's gaze sharpened. It seemed that he had neglected something.

When he got the Emperor's Might Tablet, there was a whole store of techniques. Other than a handful of the first few, he had skipped all the ones in the middle and jumped right to the three strongest techniques: Breathe, Assimilate, and Arise.

All this time, he had been focused on gathering more merits so that he might find a technique in the Silver Tablet so that he could protect his mind more easily, when he had a perfect method with him already.

Noah managed to stumble into the method by accident, likely because he had the pure Emperor's Might Lineage Factor while Leonel had a mutated version. But even so, this was a big deal.

"I see, then I'll tell you some things..." Leonel began to speak, explaining the Zone farming plan to Noah.

Noah's expression was serious the entire time despite the shock in his heart. Not only was he in shock toward the real goal of these humans' powers, but also that Leonel had actually managed to figure all of this out on his own.