Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2416 Triple It

Leonel didn't say anything and only gave Simona a cursory glance before continuing to "read" what was before him. This, unsurprisingly, caused Simona to be agitated. She was usually a calm person, but everything Leonel did seemed to throw her off that steady rhythm.

The young man by her side was familiar to Leonel, he was the very same young man who used that black flaming lion during the Heir Wars. Leonel had never bothered to learn his name, but it was still of some interest that he was here.

Leonel couldn't help but wonder how much the Godlen family and the other powers had personally taken out of the Dimensional Verse or the other universes.

Seeing that Leonel was planning on directly ignoring her, Simona clenched her teeth before taking a breath to calm down. Then, she turned and directly left, the young man giving Leonel a glance before following after her soon afterward.

Leonel didn't need to look up to know that Simona was entering a higher level of the library than he had access to. He didn't mind this, what he was more so paying attention to was that she could. That meant that her father's standing wasn't very weak. In fact, he had never met her father before. For all he knew, Vivak was precisely him.

'I'll need to find a way to sneak into those higher-tiered rooms. I think I can manage it.'

Anastasia scanned the Force Arts protecting these things. It was clear to him that everything worked based on the token he was given. He didn't have the confidence to tamper with it himself, but he felt that maybe he could trust Anastasia with the task.

Leonel put the book down and read another, then another.

These people already knew that his Dream Force was exceptional. If he stayed too long on one book, it would only harm him. In fact, the best use of his time would be distracting them with the thought that he was soaking in all of their knowledge.

Leonel got up after three hours and made a move.

...

"Father," Simone's voice called out.

Vivak looked up from his desk. There was a hint of gloominess between his brows, not because he was seeing his daughter, but rather because of all the trouble that kept piling up on his desk.

They had lost at least 20% of the formation stele that they had labored over for decades to create. If they wanted to return it to its previous state, it would take first creating an action plan to fuse together the pieces they had, then they would have to gather the missing materials, before fixing all the damage.

Each stage could easily take years to complete, but that wasn't even the worst part.

Mo''Lexi sent a report that she had lost at least over 60% of her prepared resources. She had by far the worst losses and it might take upwards of a decade to recover.

To experts of their level, a decade was nothing. In fact, it was quite fast. That was because they already had all the plans ready, so they'd only be focused on gathering what they already had.

The trouble was that they still didn't have that kind of time.

The only saving grace was that the Godlen family had only ever been using that plan as a coverup. What Vivak was so worried about wasn't the fact it failed, but rather that now there was no buffer for them to roll out their real plans any longer.

They were already on a tight schedule, but now it felt like they didn't have the luxury even to take an extra breath.

"What's the matter, Simona?"

Simona could sense her father's displeasure with being interrupted. However, she still grit her teeth.

"Leonel Morales? I thought he went with the Cult?"

"He was caught up in the whirlwind-" Vivak frowned and met his daughter's gaze. "Didn't I tell you to forget that man? But you've run all the way here to ask about him?"

Simona became a bit angry. "Father, I've already told you, I have no feelings for Leonel."

Vivak continued to look into Simona's violet eyes, but then nodded slowly.

When a man's daughter came from far away and one of the first things she didn't was speak about another young man, how could a father's mind not wander?

The problem wasn't Simona falling for someone, but rather who she was falling for. That couldn't be allowed.

"I came here to tell you that you've given him too much freedom. He is very dangerous; the family will suffer if the leash on him is not tight. He is a dog that will bite back."

Hearing these words, Vivak finally set his last worries at ease. It seemed he had really thought too much, and in the end, he actually chuckled, some of the shadow over his expression dissipating.

"I've taken proper precautions; you don't need to worry about that," Vivak said lightly.

Simona hesitated, but she bit back her words. Instead, she spoke simply.

"Father, when he was in the Fifth Dimension he was responsible for reversing the plot of the Cult and sending us all back to the Dimensional Verse.

"When he was in the Sixth Dimension, he entered the Heir Wars, and even when I escaped, he stayed behind and faced off against a planet-destroying weapon on his own and won.

"When he was in the Seventh Dimension, not only did he unify the Human Domain on his own, he shattered the efforts of the Shield Cross Stars, the Cult, and even our own efforts in stopping him from doing so. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"I do not know how he has returned to the Fifth Dimension somehow, and you might be right that he's just been crippled. I know it's not my place to say or try to correct father's actions, but whatever you've done, please double it or triple it.

"He is a danger to everyone."

Vivak's smile faded.