Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2418 Needle or...

Leonel eventually did as he was told, stripping down. His body was as vascular and ripped as it had been after he entered the Fourth Dimension for the first time. In fact, right now, it felt even more exaggerated. He actually found it to be a bit amusing.

Back on Earth, those with a Bodybuilding Gene Analysis used to be some of the people he looked to. He remembered that Allan used to be very disappointed that he didn't get such a designation because it was the designation his father and brothers had received as well.

The idea of starving yourself for weeks at a time, just to get down to a few percentages of body fat, was insane to him. He loved food too much, though in an irony of ironies, he rarely ate these days.

Now, he was one of those lean fitness models. It was funny sometimes how life came full circle.

Leonel shook his head, what was he thinking about?

He took off his pair of boxers, silently apologizing to Aina.

"I won't let them take advantage of me," Leonel sent his voice into the Segmented Cube, but he could tell that Aina was even angrier now than she had been before, causing him to smile bitterly.

Leonel slid onto the bed as Liana turned around. Her gaze flickered with an odd light, but she didn't say anything as she came back to hook Leonel up.

"Hey, hey, wait. You don't really need to put a probe down there-"

Leonel's words were cut off as Liana tried to shove a probe up his ass.

"Please unclench," Liana said, pulling back with a frown on her face. Just now, that clench of Leonel's had almost broken her finger.

She was in the Eighth Dimension, and Leonel was only in the Fifth. So, she had just pressed forward, trying to get it over with swiftly as this was something her patients always complained about. Truthfully, the probe wasn't strictly necessary, but she liked the potential extra data she could receive. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"No way," Leonel shook his head.

Liana frowned. "This isn't a choice."

"That probe is hardly necessary. My body is in the Fifth Dimension, it has little to no resistance to anything. I can tell that the rest is enough-"

"This is not for you to decide."

"Am I being forced?" Leonel asked.

Just as Liana was about to say yes, her words caught in her throat. She remembered her orders, and she knew that pushing the patients too far, especially when they had all their faculties about themselves like Leonel, would be more of a detriment than anything else.

Eventually, she chose to take a step back.

"No... But I'll have to replace it with something else." Liana took out a long probe. "Please open your mouth."

Leonel chose to comply this time, but the feeling of a tube stretching down into your throat was the kind he didn't want to have to experience ever again.

Even then, Liana wasn't finished as she placed what looked like electrodes all over his crotch region. She had brought forward two initially, but as though she felt it wasn't enough, she took out two more, then another two for a total of six.

Leonel could only shake his head. 'This woman is crazy.'

"Okay, please lean back and relax."

Liana moved behind a wall of curved glass that took up about a quarter of the white room. Behind it, there was an array of monitors and a standing desk she stood behind.

"I will begin on the lowest setting just to test your reflexive resistance tendencies. Then we'll move deeper and deeper."

Leonel closed his eyes, but his mind was on full alert.

He could deduce some things from Liana's words. By reflexive resistance, she was obviously referring to whether he would fight back against the feeling or not. Anyone would have some subconscious resistance to their mind being probed at.

Leonel, if he wanted, could turn his inhibitions down to zero. He had perfect control over himself. But the question was... should he?

It was hard to make deductions when he didn't know exactly what would happen, and in her stealth form, Anastasia was limited in how much help she could give him.

He hadn't managed to spot any obvious Force Arts, and he was hesitant about using [Mind Sanctuary] just yet.

'Hm... Let's dial it up... to about 10%,' Leonel decided.

He felt an odd energy descend toward him and blanket his Ethereal Glabella. It was like it was wrapping the crystal in a cocoon, making it both a part of his body, and yet somehow separate at the same time.

Leonel resisted.

BANG!

His eyes snapped open to find that a crack had appeared in the glass Liana was hiding behind, and her hair even looked somewhat disheveled.

Liana pressed a hand to her chest and took a breath.

She slowly came out from behind the glass.

"Your reflexive resistance is very high, I'll have to feed you quite a high dose of sedatives. I wouldn't normally want to do this as it might impede the later results, but we have no choice."

Leonel nodded. "Okay."

He wasn't very worried about sedatives. His blood circulated through his heart and into his kidneys. Once it did that, it would have to pass through his Scarlet Star Force Nodes. Even though they were dormant right now, he wasn't worried.

"Would you prefer a needle or-"

"Needle," Leonel quickly said before this woman could try to shove a finger up his ass again.

Liana blinked, feeling that Leonel's reaction was odd. But she still followed through with using the needle.

Leonel heard a giggle in his ear, though it stopped quickly. He couldn't help but grin. I knew you couldn't stay mad at me forever.

"We'll go again," Liana said.

Leonel's expression became serious once again.

He didn't expect his 10% resistance to have such an exaggerated result, but it was still enough to know what was happening.

These people... were quite annoying.