Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel tore through the skies, treading through the air with two steps that sent him flying forward several hundred meters. Before anyone could react, he had already landed in the no man's land between the two armies.

Leonel had no idea what was going on around him. He could hear anything but the blood rushing through his ears. He couldn't feel anything but the wild thumping of his heart. He couldn't see anything but the endless stream of enemies before him.

His mage robes were sheered apart under the pressure, revealing a toned torso pulsing with blinding bronze runes and radiating a beautiful violet color.

Leonel's palm flipped over, a spear appearing in it as he shot forward.

'[Rising Pillar].'

The earth beneath his feet trembled, shooting up at an angle beneath Leonel's feet.. A swirl of surging Force surrounded Leonel as he formed the Magic Art, using pillar that manifested beneath him to fly forward at ever faster speeds.

In the blink of an eye, he had already reached the first line of monsters, demons and ghouls. Compared to the army, he seemed like an insignificant ant. Yet, even the Demons who didn't know fear or pain felt their chests being pressed down by an undying pressure.

BANG! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The earth before Leonel surged upward, forming a massive wedge that slammed into the front of the demon army.

Shattered bodies flew out from the point of impact like broken kites. Their desecrated corpses paved a bloody path for Leonel to step forward.

Leonel's piercing violet-red eyes shone forth like two impossible to stop beams. He became the only light in this bleak land, a halo of bronze-violet light hanging above his head.

"[Grand Gravity Warp]!"

The earth beneath Leonel feet sunk down by several inches. An invisible weight descended from the skies, crushing the bodies of every demon within tens of meters of him.

Leonel shot into the army, his spear leaving trailing snakes of sharp air in its wake.

In the distance, those of Camelot's army finally reacted to what they were seeing.

Lionus' expression changed several times. '… This madman…'

"… Prince… Are you seeing what I'm seeing…?"

As a Light Magus, Lionus obviously didn't have a squad of mages to join like Leonel had. His job was to go to the places of the battlefield where he was needed. As a result, he had a security detail of his own and had separated from Leonel.

At that moment, Mary was speechless watching Leonel. They all felt that Leonel had lost his mind.

They had seen many weird reactions to stepping on the battlefield for the first time. Some vomited, others cowered in fear, some couldn't stop the shaking of their limbs and others even tried to abandon the battle entirely.

But… charging head long into battle… this was the first time they had ever seen such a thing…

Lancelot sat on his war horse with a stunned expression. In all his years, this was the first time he had seen such a thing as well.

The truth was that such actions by Leonel were enough to be punished by military law, maybe even death. Breaking rank and doing as one pleased wasn't the way of the army. This wasn't only the case on Earth, but clearly also the case in this Mythological Zone.

However, though Earth and this Zone were similar, they were different in one aspect: the importance of strength.

Who dared to reprimand Leonel? Even if Lancelot had the strength to do so, would he? Was it worth it?

At that moment, Lancelot boisterously laughed into the skies. The golden-silver lance that hung to his sides rose in his hands.

He pointed it forward, drawing an invisible line between himself and the army before them.

"You see that men, even a rookie is so eager. We won't lose out to him, will we?!"

His roar pierced through the veil above. The rumbling hooves of war horses and the sound of weapons clanging against armor shot through the battlefield.

The aura of Camelot's army rose. As though trying to match Leonel's energy, it melded with his momentum, suppressing the demons to an extreme.

"CHARGE!"

Lancelot's words fell and a see of knights shot forward. The front hooves of their steeds rose, trampling the ground beneath them with impunity.

To a side, the snake-eyed man watched on with a curious gaze. He looked toward Leonel's back as though it was right in front of him.

From his position, he could see every defined muscle of Leonel's back, every sharp, perfectly formed bronze Rune, and even saw the beads of sweat perspiring from him.

"Interesting…"

The two long swords to his side trembled as though feeling excited. They cried out as though they were wishing for blood too.

Without another moment of waiting, he too shot forward.

In the front of it all, Leonel had no idea how he had affected the army to his back. He controlled the earth beneath his feet like a god of war and wielded his spear like the call of a reaper.

His movements were like fluid water, his steps carrying an enigmatic air to them that made it seem as though all his enemies were walking into their deaths of their own volition.

Surprisingly, aside from their gazes being aimed toward him, the Demon Lords didn't make any other action toward Leonel. One would think that they would go all out to snuff out his momentum, but they didn't seem to care to do so.

They looked on with complete indifference. However, they suddenly frowned when Leonel's gaze met their own because… His gaze, too, was indifferent!

He didn't see them as Demon Lords. He saw them as enemies he needed to cut down to get rid of this uncomfortable feeling in his heart. They were his outlet to vent, nothing more, nothing less!

At that moment, the other high rankers of the demon army began to move. Demon Lords might have been the highest standard, but beneath them there were still Demon Soldiers, Demon Captains and Demon Generals.

Why should their Demon Lord be the first to step up just to deal with a small fry ant of a human? For someone like Leonel, a Demon Captain was more than enough!

Feeling very confident in himself, a wolf man standing on its two strong hind legs shot toward Leonel. A rotting tongue hung out of its mouth, grotesque saliva dripping downward as it dreamed about Leonel's tender flesh.

However, it had hardly begun to target Leonel when a spear appeared before it, piercing through its tongue, mouth and through the back of its head.

Like that, a Demon Captain fell no differently from a rabid dog.

Finally… The Demon Generals were stirred.