Chapter 2423 Soon Enough

Anastasia had two speeds when she entered her flying ship mode. One was where she pulled in ambient Force to propel her, and the second was where she used her own internal Force, or rather, Force Leonel provided, to go instead.

Leonel bet that the first type would be far faster in this situation, and that was because this world was obviously far stronger than the Incomplete Worlds had been. After all, Leonel mostly used Anastasia in her flying form in the depths of space where there was little to no Force around. But in a Bubble World, the entire world was land and an abundance of Force at that. So he was somewhat optimistic.

"Fast," Anastasia said. "It would be impossible for anyone outside of the Life State to catch me, and even if they are in the Life State, they would have to have Wind Force, Spatial Force, Light Force, or something of the sort to bolster their speed for it to matter."

Leonel nodded when he heard this, but he wasn't as giddy with joy as one might expect. He didn't need Anastasia to tell him the limitations.

For one, the Segmented Cube's defenses were limited. Even if he was faster than Vivak, it was a different matter entirely as to whether he would be faster than Vivak's attack speed. Second, top speed and instantaneous speed were two different things. Before Anastasia would need to accumulate Force form the surroundings, there would be a small build-up time until she could hit her top speed. That small time frame, to a Ninth Dimensional expert, might as well have been an eternity.

That meant if he wanted to use Anastasia to escape, he would both need time and space.

'That's doable, I can manage... Now I need to get out of here.'

Leonel couldn't cast Instantaneous recovery for obvious reasons, but truthfully he didn't need to. He had a Third Dimensional Body and yet had Impetus State Vital Star Force at his beck and call. It took all his concentration for him to not heal.

As expected, the moment he unleashed his Vital Star Force, his body began to wiggle about with a vibrant energy and he was made whole in an instant.

He pulled himself out of the box Liana's henchmen had put him in and then pulled out a perfect replica of himself from within the Segmented Cube. Of course, he had had Aina make this.

"Sorry bud, bear with me."

"Leonel" rolled his eyes before he was unceremoniously shattered by his true body.

Leonel's ability to recreate the exact same injuries was absolutely frightening, but this was no time to admire his handiwork as he needed to go.

Blood Clones were very good, but they had their limitations.

For one, they had no Ethereal Glabella. Second, when the Blood Force used to create them ran out of Life Force, they would turn into a lifeless pool of blood again. Third, when the main body was far enough out of range of the Blood Clone, it would begin to act oddly. Without the personality of the main body as a foundation, it could easily become twisted.

That said, the last problem wasn't really a problem. That was because without an Ethereal Glabella, this Blood Clone, after suffering the same blows Leonel had, was already dead.

The only reason Leonel had survived was that his body and soul were perfectly separated. Obviously, this Blood Clone didn't have the same luxury.

Leonel pulled on a pair of sweatpants and glided across the floor barefoot. He narrowed his eyes when he made it.

It seemed that outside there was a pair of guards.

After some thought, Leonel looked up and found an air duct above him. In a clean room like this one, Liana was obsessed with making sure no contaminants or pathogens entered.

This world was so advanced in some ways, and yet so primitive in others. They had all sorts of Force Arts Leonel had never seen before, and yet also used beasts to travel and had used air ducts for air filtration.

'Perfect for me,' Leonel thought. 'I'll have to be cautious, though. There's probably a contaminant detector in there, and if I'm using the air ducts to move, I'll be a contaminant that could be detected myself.' Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Leonel found the hidden Force Art soon enough and destabilized it. Then he leapt up and entered swiftly, disappearing.

'Help me monitor everything going on in the Godlens' family compound, Anastasia. Only send me what my mind can handle, of course. I'll have to leave the rest up to you.'

Anastasia snorted.

Seemed like she was back to being mad at him. She and Aina had formed quite a united front. It seemed that even almost dying hadn't saved him.

He could only smile bitterly.

Soon, a stream of information entered his mind. Truthfully, he already had a perfect map of the compound in his head, he was more so asking for this so he could see the movement of people without getting stuck in a dead end himself.

Shockingly, though, Leonel wasn't making his way toward the outside of the compound, but rather toward the center.

He had said he would check out the techniques of the Godlens already, but now that they had gone so far, he might even directly raid the entire library.

He didn't care about the passive information on things they had, but the one thing they couldn't ruin were their techniques.

'The air ducts will come to an end, soon. It's too bad Liana isn't anal enough to fill the entire compound with them. But this is already enough.'

Leonel slipped out of the air ducts, landing in a huge room filled with the loud noises of machinery. There were a couple of furnaces, air conditioners, and a large air filtration system that almost shredded him to pieces.

"Little Blackstar," Leonel suddenly whispered.

"Yip! Yip!"

Leonel chuckled. Not covert at all.

Luckily, the little guy appeared swiftly around Leonel's shoulders, and then they vanished into the Shadow World.

This wasn't infallible, which was why Leonel hadn't used it to get past the guard. Just like the Dream Plane could be countered by non-Dream Force experts, so too could the Shadow World.

However, when he was out of people's sight already, and wasn't trying to pass right in front of their faces, it was perfect.

'I'll need to kill some time until Noah is allowed to exit his room again. Then I'll snatch him up and put him in the Segmented Cube before we make our escape. For now, let's clear out this entire technique room. Consider this as some interest for what you've put me through. I'll come back to have you pay the full debt soon enough.'