Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2427 Enough

This was about what Leonel expected. He knew that there had to be techniques in here that the Godlens placed much higher emphasis on than others, and so long as he managed to unlock them, a huge commotion would break out.

He knew nothing about the Godlen Codex, nor did he care at this point. Quite frankly, he had acted mainly out of spite. Only when he knew that Noah was in danger did he begin to unlock these techniques with a real purpose, and it worked.

Not even a few seconds later, Leonel could hear the gears of the vault opening up and he made a move instantly.

He leapt to the top of the huge door, sliding through the narrowest crack he could.

Elder Varough frowned again as he seemed to sense something, but he didn't even look up. The elder wasn't even two meters tall, but the vault doors were over five. With him controlling the mechanisms to open it up, he was so close to it that looking up in an attempt to spot Leonel would literally mean looking straight up, to the point his chin would have to point to the skies. It was an uncomfortable movement to make, especially when nothing in your peripheral vision moved.

So he ignored the feeling once again, allowing Leonel to slip away.

By the time Elder Varough realized there was no one in the vault-especially with how deep the technique room was-Leonel wasn't even in the library any longer.

He stood in shock, looking around in a bit of a daze.

His Godlen family techniques, where had they all gone?

There was only one entrance to this place. Even if you wanted to dig a tunnel in an attempt to create another one, you'd have to dig through hundreds of meters worth of thick Reinforced Urbe Ore.

That simply wasn't possible to do if you were below the Ninth Dimension, but even if you were in the Ninth Dimension, the commotion you caused would make any sort of stealth meaningless.

Of course, the Reinforced Urbe Ore was likewise filled to the brim with protective Force Arts. Even if Blackstar didn't bring Leonel with him, it was impossible for the little mink to phase through it all.

Even if Elder Varough was willing to accept that someone had managed to do it anyway, there were no marks on the wall, no sign of forced entry, no real sign of struggle... FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

He suddenly thought back to that odd feeling he had had, the one he directly ignored both times after a cursory glance.

Could it be that someone had sneaked right by him? How was that possible? Who could even do that? A Shadow Sovereign? There was no way his senses would miss such a thing, though.

'The young miss and Eduardo!'

The panic hit Varough in waves and he rushed out, his gaze flashing like lightning as he scanned everything, everywhere. His Soul Force descended like a tide, and yet he couldn't find a single thing that was out of place.

To make matters worse, everyone, from young to old, were rushing toward the library because news that the Godlen Codex had been unsealed had caused chimes to spread throughout the compound.

'Dammit!' Varough roared in his mind.

...

'Hm?' Liana frowned as she looked up. The chimes reached her as well, and as a Godlen, how could she not understand what this meant?

"The last person to unseal the codex was... Aunry, no? That was... thirty years ago? He should be on the verge of the Ninth Dimension now... Is there another?"

Her eyes flashed with someone's face. If her mind was being peered into right now, it would definitely be with Eduardo's face.

"A shame..." she said under her breath. "... that would be the second branch family member in a row to awaken the Codex before a main branch family member. And it's the same branch at that. If this continues, I'm afraid that the main branch will be replaced. Just what is that big brother of mine thinking..."

Simona was the next generation of their family, and the only child of her brother. But that madman had actually sent her to an Incomplete World in her most important formative years.

Now, a second branch family member had unsealed the Codex, and the pressure the main family was facing would only increase now.

To make matters worse, because Simona's foundation lagged behind others, she was still playing catch up. If not for the fact Eduardo followed her around all the time, those branch family kids might have humiliated her a million and one ways by now.

Liana shook her head. She didn't want to go and watch her main family take yet another blow. The more this sort of thing happened, the more focused she had to be.

She looked down at Amery's unconscious form. She had to succeed.

...

The Godlen family compound was huge, and this was even given the fact a Bubble World that existed on this sort of scale was enormous in and of itself. It wasn't enough to call it a city; it was almost like its own country, if this country spanned an entire planet, controlling the skies and the sea on a whim.

It was toward this enormous compound that a crimson bird with a tail of feathers that stretched kilometers headed toward. On its back, there was a pale red-haired and red-eyed woman and an old man with his hands clasped behind his back.

They were none other than Imperatress Anselma and one of her most trusted subordinates, Butler Halvar.

"Miss, this is inadvisable."

This was the third time he had said this, yet Anselma had yet to kill him for it. Considering her temper, this was enough to show how much value she placed on him.

"Appearing uninvited, and an entire day before we are meant to, will only strain relations between the powers. We of the Great Families are not liked very much to begin with; this will only make things-"

"Enough. We are here," Anselma said coldly.