Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2429 Spinning

Leonel deviated from his original path, heading toward the room Amery and Noah were in. At the same time, his Blood Clone opened its eyes.

The Blood Clone was still in a mostly sorry state. Leonel hadn't let Aina heal it completely, but pain wasn't a restriction that would hinder the Blood Clone anyway. Though, thanks to Dream Sense, pain didn't hinder Leonel all that much either.

After opening its eyes, it looked around and seemed to receive signals from Leonel himself. It understood immediately and pushed itself up. Then, ignoring the door as there were guards, it too leapt into the air duct, moving in a completely different direction than Leonel.

Leonel jumped down, landing in the room with Amery and Noah. He wasn't surprised to not see Jessica as Anastasia had already informed him about those things.

Without much hesitation, he scanned the region, checked to see if there was anything untoward attached to Noah and Amery, and then he placed them both inside the Segmented Cube.

He wasn't the biggest fan of Amery, but he also wasn't the biggest fan of Hutch's grandson either. Since he was here and it was convenient, not to mention the fact it would ruin the plans of the Godlens as well, why not take it?

Leonel didn't do much thinking about what it meant to ruin the plans of the humans. He knew quite well that whatever they were trying to create was an attempt to fight back against demons, and every plot he destroyed would just be another notch toward the demons, but quite frankly... he didn't really care.

For one, he wasn't some race fanatic. Just because everyone else in Existence was obsessed with race didn't mean that he was.

Those that harmed him were his enemies. Those that didn't harm were neutral. Those that helped him were his friends.

Simple.

Since the human powers wanted to step on his toes, they would pay for it.

When the demons came knocking, he would make them pay as well.

Leonel slipped out of the door without a word. This room didn't have any guards before it, likely because Liana was here and this was a top-secret operation of the Godlen family. Having guards here would only complicate the matter.

With the help of Little Blackstar, he slipped back into the Shadow World, and with Anastasia's help, he ducked and avoided the direct line of sight of many people.

Due to the fact so many had swarmed toward the technique library, though, the halls were far less populated, mostly filled with workers and lesser agents of the family who didn't have the right to suddenly leave their posts to partake in the fun.

The technique library was lively, and no one seemed to notice that there was a storm cloud over Elder Varough's face.

Even with the pressure he was under, Vivak had no choice but to appear as well. The weight of such a matter was great, and he had had the same thoughts as his sister when he heard those chimes.

The main family of the Godlens had been taking some hits recently, mostly due to his choices. He acknowledged that himself. But he felt that when they came out the other side, they would be better off for it.

Even so, the growing pains were there. The Godlens had three quite powerful branch families within them, and each one had at least one expert just shy of Vivak's strength. However, their younger generation was blowing Vivak out of the water.

Only Vivak and a few others knew why he would choose to send his only heir and even his wife to an Incomplete World, but right now he seemed to be suffering for it.

As he made his way over, he sensed the movement of Branch Head Raimondo.

The man looked to be about 10 to 20 years older than Vivak, but he was all smiles. He was Eduardo's grandfather, and his deductions were about the same as everyone else's. He believed that the only one in the family in a position to unlock the Godlen Codex techniques was his grandson.

He found it all to be very amusing. Vivak thought he was clever, sending his grandson to that godforsaken Incomplete World. But in the end, had it mattered?

Of course, these were just Raimondo's own thoughts. Eduardo hadn't been sent into the Incomplete World until he had already laid his foundation in the family, and he only remained there for a few months. It could be said that Raimondo was just trying to rub salt into a gaping wound.

"Haha, Vivak! It's good to see you brother."

Vivak smiled politely and nodded. Nothing in his expression seemed to give anything away as though he had no idea what was happening.

The two strolled into the library together and the sea of people, rightfully, parted. But very soon, they were greeted with two other Branch Heads and an ashen-faced Varough.

"What's going on?" Vivak asked with a frown.

Varough took a breath and explained what happened.

Raimondo's smile slowly faded away, and his expression even became several measures more firm. His grandson had just disappeared into thin air? Along with that useless little girl? Was that a joke?

His gaze landed on Vivak like a flash of lightning. When he saw the confusion and worry in Vivak's expression, he sneered inwardly.

'What a good family Patriarch. Your acting is excellent.'

It felt like acid was rolling around in Raimondo's gut. How could he not assume that Vivak had finally had enough of the rise of the branch families and took action to take them out? He was practically seething.

"What other information do you have?" Vivak asked.

"The only explanation I can think of is that this person slipped right by me. I had the odd feeling that someone was watching me, but I couldn't see anything and my Soul Force also didn't-"

"The Codex, where is it?" Raimondo asked coldly, cutting him off.

Varough's expression twisted, but he still grit his teeth and answered.

"The Codex, all of the techniques, they're gone-"

Before Vivak could even respond or comprehend what that meant, he felt someone trying to contact him. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Patriarch! Anselma of the Brazinger family is here to visit!"

Vivak's expression changed, but the tsunami of information didn't seem like it was going to end any time soon.

"Brother! The corpse, it's gone!"

Vivak felt his head spinning.