Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2430 Death Flag

Vivak felt his head spinning. Too much information was coming at him at once. First, his daughter was missing; second, the Brazinger family had suddenly appeared out of the blue, and now Leonel, who was supposed to be dead, was gone?

Wait, did that mean he was never dead in the first place? No, that was impossible. He had used his Soul Force to check personally. How could a Fifth Dimensional existence possibly escape his senses?

So did that mean that someone else had stolen his corpse? This was very possible. He had many issues to deal with as the Patriarch, and the problem of his branch family members was only one aspect. Given the... less than perfect relationship between the human powers, and given the sheer size of the Godlen family, there were without a doubt several spies.

He had done his best to hide the true intention of the Godlens from the world, and he only trusted a very small few-mostly his little sister-to deal with these matters. However, it wasn't impossible that something might leak.

The more Vivak thought, the darker his expression became. Even as someone in the Ninth Dimension, he was quickly feeling overwhelmed. But he eventually took a breath and pulled himself together.

He might not be the most intelligent Patriarch there ever was, but he knew how to lead, and he knew how to delegate tasks.

His gaze sharpened as it landed on Raimondo.

"Raimondo, I don't care if you believe me or not, but I did nothing to your grandson. The Godlen family is in a crisis situation right now, and if you dare to step out of line at such a crucial moment, I will personally slaughter you and every member of your immediate family. Do you understand me?!"

Vivak's voice boomed, his Halberd Force spiraling within his eyes.

Despite the loudness of his voice, only the four before him could hear him at all. Even so, the somberness of the atmosphere caused the other excited members of the Godlen family to fall into silence, their energy murmurs fading.

Raimondo felt that he had been struck by lightning. He didn't know that Vivak had such words in him, and he felt a fear take hold of his heart. He only seemed to remember now that Vivak was the Patriarch for a reason.

Vivak turned away and looked at Elder Varough.

"Elder Varough, you will lead the search for the traitor. Raimondo, Aizen, Butrid, you three will come with me to welcome the Imperatress.

"Everyone else," the Patriarch's voice boomed, "go about your business. Keep the matters that happened here to yourselves. The family has eyes and ears everywhere; don't test my bottom line."

Vivak turned and flashed. "Come."

...

Liana stared into the distance in a daze, not believing what she was seeing. She had only just managed to fix the situation with the rotating fans, and she was certain that someone had tampered with it. So instead of returning to Amery and Noah, she came here first, only to find that the worst had truly happened.

Someone had lured her away on purpose.

"Liana, retreat and find somewhere safe. Elder Varough will take over this situation. If you get involved, you could lose your life. Whoever dares to do this is likely a great enemy of the Godlen family; they can't be underestimated."

Liana trembled after hearing her brother's message. She grit her teeth, wanting to argue back, but she knew she couldn't say anything. There was really nothing that she could do.

...

Leonel snuck into a familiar hallway and found Jessica. She was currently being hauled over the shoulder of a man, and it wasn't hard to guess what he was about to do.

However, the man soon seemed to realize that something was wrong long after Leonel had. The number of people in the hallways was slowly starting to increase, and it was difficult to hide his dirty deeds.

After Vivak gave everyone the order to return, this was inevitable. Clearly, the man hadn't expected this outcome.

Panicking somewhat, he looked for a room to enter.

Leonel shook his head, feeling that this man was truly too useless in all aspects. There were at least three nearby supply closets. He should be more familiar with this compound than Leonel was, and yet he was like a headless chicken right now.

Without a choice, and not wanting the situation to get more complicated, Leonel took the risk and bore down on the man from the Dream Plane, pulling at his thoughts and reminding him of where the nearest supply closet was.

The man finally burst into action, not realizing that Leonel was right behind him, and they both swept into the closet just in time.

However, relief couldn't come to the man in time as he found a sharp blade severing his neck in two.

Leonel didn't have much sympathy for men like this, so he didn't even think twice though his Scarlet Star Force was no longer dictating his actions. However, he didn't just leave the corpse here either. He had a better place to plant it.

He quickly put Jessica and the headless corpse into the Segmented Cube, then stepped out of the closet when the coast was clear.

He slipped into the shadows once again and moved agilely through the halls. Then, when he was ready, he took out the corpse of the man and planted it before leaving in the other direction.

"How many escape routes have you seen?" Leonel asked.

"There are many, but there's only four gates and only one real path to get to each one of them. Unfortunately, the Godlens follow more conventional defensive methods, so there is no one straight path from the gates to the core of the compound, where you are now. Unless, of course, you take off in the skies, but that's inadvisable. You should do your best to not be discovered until after you leave the territory, or else the Godlens could put up their formation and trap you on the inside..."

"Don't say that," Leonel mumbled. "You're trying to give me a death flag, and I don't like it."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com