"What a boisterous kid. Since when did my demon army become so easy to bully?"

A Demon General with empty sockets flickering with a green flames sneered. If it wasn't for this feature, he would look completely like a normal human male of average appearance. But, with it, it couldn't be more clear that he was a demon with a sinister temperament.

The green flame Demon General stepped toward Leonel, two scimitars twirling in his hands. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

At that moment, Camelot's army met the demons, their clash ringing throughout the battlefield. Rain continued to drizzle, the clouds above seemingly becoming denser and blacker with each passing moment. Yet, Leonel didn't seem to notice anything at all. Even the several Demon Generals coming toward him were nothing more than another reflection in his mind.

The raging torrent of his blood flowed quicker with each passing moment. His skin reddened, causing a light steam to rise from his body beneath the cool atmosphere..

"Die!"

Two scimitars crossed across Leonel's neck, seemingly trying to sever his head from his shoulders from two directions at once.

Leonel's mind was exceptionally calm. It was as though he didn't realize his life was on the line.

The green flame Demon General sneered deeply, looking toward Leonel as though he was a dead man. But, when he met the coldness of Leonel's violet-red eyes, he felt a shiver tear its way up his spine.

Leonel's spear shot forward.

Just when it seemed the scimitars would rip his head from his body, Leonel's spear, as though drawn on a perfect line, connected with the intersecting line of the two scimitars, repelling them both with a single strike.

As the green flame Demon General felt an unstoppable force surge up his arms, causing him to take several steps backward, he felt a deep fear take root in his heart.

Using the tip of a spear to intercept two weapons at once. Just a single mistake would have meant Leonel losing his head. Just what level of character did he provoke?

The green flame Demon General immediately retreated by several steps. He knew it was impossible for him to defeat Leonel on his own. If he didn't get help, he would only be rushing to his death.

The Demon General had expected that Leonel would press him, but he was stunned and then enraged by Leonel's next actions.

As though he was air, Leonel didn't even pursue the Demon General, he sent out several more piercing strikes of his spear, compressing [Call of the Wind] to an extreme. The green flame Demon General could only watch as his soldiers fell one after another.

Several Demon Generals began to swarm the area. It couldn't be helped. Leonel was a lone man too far gone from the true front line of Camelot's army. He was alone, swarmed by enemies from all sides.

Things like formations, ranks, and military law were meaningless to demons. If they saw an opponent they wanted, even crossing from one side of the army to the other wasn't outside of reason to them. Even when they saw the green flame Demon General suffer by a measure, it only lit their fighting spirit all the more.

The green flame Demon General tried to send attacks toward Leonel from a distance, hoping to slow down his murder spree.

Scythes of green Force tore through the air, flying toward Leonel at unbelievable speeds.

Yet, Leonel calmly sidestepped them all. It was as though he knew where they would land ahead of time and had already moved in the opposite direction.

Leonel's General Star abilities deepened with each passing day. Others would need several battles over decades for even the smallest improvement, but those were individuals without Leonel's ability. A movement theory like General Star was practically created for Leonel!

"Prince, this isn't good. This is Leonel's first battle, what is he going to do when his stamina runs dry?"

Theybul asked with a bit of worry from Lionus' side.

They all knew how insane Leonel's stamina was, but they had been dropped into this battle right after a long day of trekking to this location. On top of that, Leonel probably didn't know due to his lack of experience that stamina ran out faster on the battlefield.

All the adrenalin and nerves made one exceptionally tight, making them use more strength than they needed to. Battles of this level usually lasted at least a few hours, how could Leonel possibly last to the end.

Lionus narrowed his eyes at these words. Everyone thought Leonel was being hot headed, even Lionus believed so. But… for some reason Lionus felt that Leonel just might give them a surprise…

Lionus' gaze shifted to another part of the battlefield. He watched as a man with two long swords tore a path on a war horse. His killing speed was even several levels beyond Leonel. Though, his opponents were a few levels weaker as well since they were the fodder of the front line.

'For Leonel to appear now of all times… Is this a good or a bad thing…?'

Lionus' thoughts didn't seem to have a thread that connected them. Thinking this while looking toward the man with snake eyes. Just what did it mean?

However, even if Leonel knew of this, it was unlikely that he would care at this point. All he wanted was to battle, to satiate the raging, boiling blood in his veins.

"Pirnce, 17 Demon Generals have surrounded Leonel!" Elys practically shrieked.

She had been nearly fanatical about Leonel ever since she found out his true status. Even after it came out that Leonel was actually a Earth Childe, Elys realized that there were political machinations behind this. After all, she had been there that day.

So, all this time she had been focused on Leonel despite the fact she was meant to be acting as a scout for Lionus. When she saw such a thing, she couldn't help but pale. However, she had no idea that this was exactly what Leonel was waiting for.

'[Demon General]. Elite 7 Star to 8 star threats. It will be several times more efficient to defeat many of them at once.'

The green flame Demon General was already enraged to the point of his chest bursting. When he saw so many converging toward Leonel, he felt that it was finally time for his revenge. None of the Demon Lords had good feelings toward one another. This was even more so for Demon Generals.

That said, just because the green flame Demon General didn't like them, didn't mean he wasn't willing to use them to kill Leonel.

However, this would be the second time Leonel's gaze met the green flames of the Demon General. And once again, a cold shiver snaked up the latter's spine.

Leonel didn't smirk, he didn't sneer, there wasn't even a light of satisfaction in his eyes. Yet, the Demon Generals still felt as though he was looking toward them from on high. They were nothing but stepping stones he could use to vent the discomfort in his heart.

"[Grand Marshlands]."

Leonel spoke calmly, but the surge of wind the wrapped around his body when these words fell made it feel as though a cyclone was forming in the middle of the battlefield.