Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2433 Not Easy

Vivak felt his heart beating out of his chest when he looked at this young man. He had listened to his daughter, and yet he had still almost suffered such a terrible loss. No, was he even out of the woods yet? Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The playfulness on the Blood Clone's expression vanished, and for the first time, Vivak saw what he was looking for. He wanted to see Leonel's true face, and he had finally been granted his wish.

"Capture him!" Vivak barked out an order. But in response, Leonel just sneered.

"What's the point of that? Plus, have you forgotten that I still hold some cards here?"

"Stop!" Liana called out. "Brother, if he triggers an explosion, all of our hard work will go up in smoke."

Vivak grit his teeth.

The Blood Clone didn't seem to be surprised by this result. This was a stalemate. The difference was that there was a slight imbalance. His main body had already escaped the main compound. The trouble was that the formation had gone up now, trapping him inside Godlen territory.

But this wasn't the only issue he was facing.

Soon, the distance between him and this Blood Clone would be so far that he wouldn't be able to control its every action. Once that happened, he would not only lose control over this situation, but his threat would become empty.

Before he could even decide what to do about this, though, Anselma spoke again.

"This Blood Clone still has intelligence, he must still be within a few kilometers. Your Godlen family territory spans hundreds of kilometers, he's still close."

The Blood Clone's gaze turned dark as he looked at this woman again. If not for her, he would have been able to stall for more than long enough to make it out. They might not even realize that his Blood Clone became a bit dull.

The Godlens obviously didn't have any Blood Sovereigns in their ranks, and this wasn't necessarily to say that Anselma was also a Blood Sovereign-though she might be. Rather, it seemed that she had a deeper understanding of Blood Force than anyone Leonel had ever met other than Aina.

It could only be said that his luck was truly poor this time around.

Anselma sneered when she felt the Blood Clone's gaze, but her gaze was also filled with an insipid venom. She seemed to have transferred all her hatred for Velasco onto Leonel.

"It's quite easy to deal with this situation. It's impossible to create a Blood Clone without using a large amount of our own blood. This Blood Clone might as well be a beacon that'll lead right to his real body. Just kill it and commandeer the blood that's left over and I can easily make a tracking Force Art. Whatever method he's using to hide would be useless at that point."

Vivak's eyes glowed when he heard this.

"Stupid," the Blood Clone suddenly said.

Anselma's eyes narrowed. She barely allowed Vivak to talk to her like this, and that was only because she was invested in making sure that Leonel was dead. Who did this boy think he was to talk to her like this?!

The coldness in the Blood Clone's gaze deepened.

"Are you mad? But aren't you a stupid woman? You think you're being so clever, but exposing yourself like this, detailing your plans in front of everyone just for some cheap thrill of satisfaction... for what? Because you were never a match for my father?

"Well, let me tell you. You aren't a match for me either. You can wait patiently for the day that me and my wife come to raze your Brazinger family to the ground."

The Blood Clone snapped its fingers just a moment before its gaze went dull.

"NO!" Liana called out.

BOOM.

Everything went up in flames, and as the person closest to the explosion, the Blood Clone, the weakest of them all, formed by mere Third Dimensional blood, was shredded to pieces.

What blood were they going to use to track him, exactly?

...

'Dammit,' the real Leonel cursed under his breath. He had indeed been only a few kilometers away. Though, since then he had exploded with speed.

It was much easier to rush through an open city than a compound. He could cover several kilometers quite quickly and he was already dozens away. The problem was that as fast as he was, the Ninth Dimensional existences would be even faster, and he also didn't have a method of dealing with the huge fort he was suddenly trapped in the middle of.

In addition, although he had painted the illusion that he had already dealt with the blood problem, he had left blood in too many places not knowing that this would be a problem. He could only hope that the explosion was enough to deal with all the blood he had left in the morgue.

The problem was that Liana had been too diligent. She had carefully stored everything, and they were in containers much more robust than his Third Dimensional body. So long as a drop survived, he would be in trouble.

There was only one silver lining to this.

According to Aina, the smaller the amount of blood, the shorter the distance he could be tracked from. In addition, his weakness was also a benefit.

If he was in the Ninth Dimension, his Blood Force would have far more power and even a drop could allow him to be tracked a great distance. But because he was in the Third Dimension, he had lucked out... somewhat.

Although his body was in the Third Dimension, his Vital Star Force was exceptional. It was just a good thing that his Blood Clone didn't have full access to this and as such, its Blood Force was far weaker than his own.

"Anything, Anastasia?" Leonel asked.

"There's only really two ways of dealing with this. Either going to the core of the formation or an important root of it, and destroying it. Or finding a flaw to slip through. Both aren't exactly easy...."