Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2440 Right Now

"I've duplicated the compasses. So long as you stand in different regions across the city, it should make it possible to get them all at once," Anselma explained as calmly as she could.

If it wasn't for her butler's constant mention of the fact there was already just a few hours left until she wouldn't have to deal with this anymore, she would have already completely lost her temper.

Vivak didn't even communicate with her directly any longer. Instead, he sent this weak wife of his that she could snap in half between two fingers. Did he forget who she was?! How much power she wielded?!

"In addition, I've limited the range to just 30 meters so that the compasses will not interfere with one another. Like this, there shouldn't be a case where they go haywire again."

"Thank you for your help, Imperatress. The Godlens are ever-grateful."

Matriarch Pyius bowed slightly and swiftly walked out of the room, holding a spatial ring filled with Blood Compasses.

Unfortunately, the Blood Compass was too easily fooled. Because it could only point in a single direction, he could easily be confused.

As such, the Godlens were forced to restrict the range again and instead use the large amounts of blood they gained from the clones they had captured in an attempt to catch all of the Leonels in one sweep.

Matriarch Pyius' expression became steely. This had to work. There were tens of thousands of Blood Compasses here and they had taken Anselma hours to make.

What they didn't know was that Leonel found all of this quite amusing. His Blood Clones couldn't hide themselves from detection of Internal Sight like his main body could. What was the point of all that effort? If they just swept their senses around, they'd eventually find them all since the city had been mostly emptied by now.

They had falsely assumed that since Leonel could hide himself, all of his Blood Clones could do the same. They had tunnel vision and were stuck on the uses of the compass.

However, why would he stop them from being foolish? They'd probably kick themselves when they realized, but by then he would be long gone.

...

'It should be soon,' Leonel thought to himself. 'I've already broken my connection with some of the Blood Clones that snuck into that bunker shelter the evacuated everyone to. Soon, people should notice their dull eyes.'

It couldn't be helped. Leonel's range of control was limited, and he had to retreat from the region in order to protect himself. However, this was a part of his plan. Once they realized that he had snuck in, their focus would be alerted elsewhere.

... ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Is it really that brat?"

A familiar voice echoed, catching up to Matriarch Pyius. This was none other than Mauve, the very same old man Leonel had fought back when he first charged into the Pyius family. However, he seemed to look about ten years younger now than he had back then.

Mauve was Matriarch Pyius' younger brother, which was interesting since he looked so much older. This wasn't due to a talent disparity, but rather time dilation.

Their history was a bit complicated, but even now they were quite close as siblings.

"Yes." The Matriarch, Amynta, replied.

"Son of a bitch..." Mauve muttered.

Still, he felt a bit good knowing this. He had lost at the hands of that brat, but it was good to know he wasn't the only one to suffer a loss.

"This is still a problem. You've given up too much for things to continue like this. We're the last of the Constellation families and..."

Amynta waved a hand. "This isn't the time to consider such things. I am not a Pyius, I am a Godlen. All there ever was of the Constellation families is gone now. You have to accept that, Mauve."

Mauve's gaze flashed. His sister said that, but hadn't they resurrected the Constellation families within the Incomplete World? But then she left and turned her back on them without a word... and now they would be farmed within that Zone, was this really all the former Constellation families could be now?

Just as Amynta was about to hand the compasses to Liana, another shocking whirlwind swept through the upper echelon.

Amynta and her brother rushed back, only to find that they were holding yet another Blood Clone in their hands, but this one wasn't Leonel at all.

Eyes widened in realization before their hearts went cold.

This young man...

Every turn, every scheme, every trap... It felt like they hadn't trapped Leonel within the city, but rather that they were trapped in the city with Leonel.

Amynta placed a hand on her husband's arm.

"I will speak with Anselma. We'll weed out all of the Blood Clones as quickly as we can."

Vivak's expression was as dark as night, but he nodded. Before all these people, he couldn't afford to lose his composure.

Like this, the Godlens found themselves delayed once again. They did find all the Blood Clones, but by the time they got to the fourth, they realized they might not need Anselma at all. They were all so obviously dull-eyed that they could be spotted from a long distance away.

However, they couldn't take the chance. What if only some of them were like this but there were sharp-eyed ones under Leonel's control elsewhere?

When they checked the last person and realized that all of the Blood Clones had indeed been dull-eyed, these experts who sat at the top of the world could practically feel the humiliation seeping into their bones.

They were being toyed with. They knew it, and yet they could do nothing about it.

"Patriarch, several powers have arrived and have requested entry."

After all the news that he had received in the past day, this was honestly only the semi-positive thing that Vivak had heard.

Mo'Lexi and Clarence were both Dream Force experts. With them here, this matter would come to an end right now.