Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Demon Generals immediately realized that something was wrong. But, by then, it was already too late. Aside from one that had bat-like wings, allowing her to soar into the skies and escape, the remaining 16 found themselves trapped.

The cracked, grey lands of the battlefield suddenly became a land of soft, muddy earth. Their bodies sunk down to their ankles, slowing their movement speeds by several levels. Yet, Leonel remained completely unaffected.

The immediate reaction of the Demon Generals was to use Force to tread on the marshland just like they would on water. It was a seemingly easy solution that was right before them. As battle hardened veterans, they had of course put their lives on the line countless times before. How could they not react quickly to such a dangerous situation?

However, dreams were great while reality was cruel. This might have looked like a normal marshland, but if it was truly so easy to escape… how could it be worthy of being a One Star Magus Art?

"Shit! I can't escape!"

.

A large man with fur covered skin and two large canine teeth that hung out from his mouth snarled. His square face distorted in fury. It was clear that he wasn't very intelligent, because seeing that he was having trouble gathering Force to the soles of his feet, his solution was to forcefully use more.

The more intelligent of the Demon Generals paled in despair. They realized now what was happening. This [Grand Marshlands] had a secondary function of acting like a sponge to Force. No matter how hard they tried to gather Force, it would be useless. In fact, if they acted like the square-faced fool, they would only deplete their reserves quicker.

By this point, the Demon Generals were feeling incomparably aggrieved. Such a large crowd control spell should have taken a normal Earth Mage at least ten seconds to cast even if they were very efficient in using it. However, not only did Leonel take less than three, but the range was almost 50 meters, easily double what a normal mage should have been able to accomplish.

Leonel didn't even spare these Demon Generals a glance. He looked up into the skies toward the female demon with bat wings. His left palm flipped over, revealing a long barreled pistol with a harpoon fitted to it.

BANG!

The bat-winged Demon General tried to swerve in the air, but the result was her wing being torn apart. She could only watch on in horror as she crashed into the marshlands below. She regretted not flying away at the first instant she could, but there was no medicine for such a feeling.

Leonel shot forward, appearing before the raging square-faced Demon General.

"Boy, I'll smash you to a pulp!"

The Demon General raised his club above his head, already picturing the scene of Leonel being smashed into a blood mist.

However, the instant he did, he realized that he was suddenly feeling light headed. Why did he feel so weak all of a sudden?

In a second of distraction, a sharp pain ripped through his throat. He looked down in disbelief to find Leonel spear being pulled out of his body. Even as the life faded from within him, he didn't realize that he only felt so weak due to his own stupidity.

Leonel appeared before the bat-winged Demon General in a flash, not stopping to admire his kill for even a moment. The latter was still sprawled on the damp ground. Though it had dulled the impact for her, it was also the reason she was even more stuck than the others were.

She didn't even have the time to lift her head from the ground before Leonel's spear ran through her back, piercing her heart.

Leonel flickered around the battlefield. Whether it was the Demon Generals or their subordinates that happened to get caught in the range of his spear, he showed no mercy.

"RUN!"

The Demon Generals couldn't bother to stay any longer. The man was nothing more than a god of death. It felt like he was looking at them as though they were just numbers on a sheet, a tally to his success and nothing more.

Unfortunately, was it really so easy to run from Leonel? Every Earth Spell Leonel cast carried a variance to it due to his mutated Spirit Pressure affinity. This variance was related to his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. It naturally ingrained metals into all of his Mage Arts.

This ability wasn't very useful for an ability like [Grand Marshlands] or [Mud Pit]. However… When it came to defense and attacking Earth Mage Arts, Leonel's could be said to be double the strength of a normal cast without any exaggeration.

There was another spell that got a boost as well. And that was…

"[Harden]."

The expanse of marshlands suddenly became solid land once again. A wild surge of winds whipped around Leonel. To use [Harden] on such a large scale was completely different than using it like he had previously on [Mud Pit]. However, to Leonel, he didn't feel that there was much of a difference at all.

By now, in their struggle, the Demon Generals and other Demons had already sunk down to the shins. And now… they suddenly found themselves completely trapped.

It was a one sided slaughter. Leonel shot through the 50 meter radius like a fluttering leaf dripping with blood. Every place he stopped would suddenly bloom a flower of crimson, reaping the life of another demon.

The green flame Demon General watched on with horror. He couldn't move even a single inch. Even now, he had no idea who Leonel was. He had thought that their Demon Army had information on all the great talents of Camelot. So… where the hell had this boy come from?

He treated their lives like weeds. The green flame Dmeon General had already lost count of all the atrocities he had committed. But, somehow before Leonel, he felt like an innocent child who didn't understand the world.

A bitter chuckle left the Demon General's lips as Leonel's spear finally found its way to him. It wasn't long before the green flames of his eyes waned and flickered out. The last sight he saw were Leonel's expressionless violet eyes. He seemed… disappointed?

Leonel ripped his spear from the Demon General's skull.

He looked down at the once beautiful spear, realizing that it was beaten and battered now. There were multiple chips on its common iron head and its wooden body was chipped in several places.

Ultimately, it was just a common weapon. It couldn't even be considered a Tier 1 Black Grade treasure. It found it hard to resist Leonel's own strength, let alone those of his enemy. If it wasn't for Spear Domain's recovery feature and the protective shield provided by Leonel's Spear Force, it would have already broken down long ago.

Leonel looked up. He noticed the look of fear the demons around him had. No, that was a bit inaccurate… They weren't around him because the entire 50 meter radius of him had been completely emptied out!

Leonel stood there, a halo of violet bronze above his head and a crown etched onto his forehead. His bronze hair billowed in the wind, his piercing violet-red eyes seemingly tearing through the void. He was covered in blood of all colors from head to toe…

It was hard to tell who the true demon was.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only