Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2441 Too Late

Mo''Lexi and the others waited outside for the formation, each one in their own vessels, and each one wearing a confused expression.

Why was the Godlen family formation activated? Had the demons attacked? But there didn't seem to be any sign of that?

They had arrived from different directions, but seeing the oddity, they ended up converging, knowing that if the Godlens were going to let them in, it would be from one location.

Soon, they saw Vivak arriving from a distance, but to their surprise, Anselma and her butler were also with him, causing them to frown once again.

Clarence had been interested in Leonel from the moment he saw him, but he didn't have any right to him as that fell to Mo''Lexi. So, he could only come to see if he would have an opportunity later. But he didn't expect that someone would arrive so far ahead of him.

Could Anselma have only been a couple of hours early? But...

Clarence looked up into the skies, finding that the sun was only just rising. If Anselma had arrived any earlier, she would have come in the dead of night. Could it be that she had arrived the previous day? For what purpose?

Mo''Lexi was having some of the same thoughts and she was immediately unhappy.

"What is the meaning of this?" She asked with an angry growl the moment Vivak was in range.

"Come inside first and I will explain everything," Vivak said calmly.

He pulled out a key and held it out in his palm. It vibrated, sensing the activation of the formation and rushed forward, ready to open a small passageway.

Vivak knew that Mo''Lexi and the others' senses couldn't penetrate through the formation. It wouldn't be much of a formation if it couldn't block the use of the Dream Plane and other similar things.

However, he wasn't worried at all.

He and Anselma stood on one side, and Mo''Lexi and Clarence stood with their own subordinates on the other side. There were over a half dozen Ninth Dimensional existences guarding a small sliver of this enormous formation. What chance did anyone have to take advantage?

As the formation opened up, Mo''Lexi snorted and took a step forward. However, she frowned again soon afterward.

The city below had a strikingly small number of life signatures. She could usually feel a vibrant world all around her, but now she sensed practically nothing but the nexus sources below.

Was this a trap?

That was her first thought and it made her steps pause. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The formation, the lack of people, the fact Anselma had arrived here at a time that was completely inappropriate, it all pointed toward something more sinister.

In addition, despite the fact he was hiding it well, and could protect his mind against Dream Force detection, Mo''Lexi felt a hint of something odd coming from Vivak.

Agitation, discontent, a hint of... anxiety?

When she was sensing these things, so too was Clarence. Everything about this felt off.

Anselma and Vivak were stuck in a whirlwind of emotions, and they had missed something right in front of them. The optics of this situation truly weren't something anyone who didn't have full trust in another could possibly feel good about. Let alone Mo''Lexi and Clarence, even Anselma and Vivak weren't on good terms right now.

BOOM.

It had suddenly, a volatile explosion so explosive that it almost made the Ninth Dimensional existences take a step back.

Although it wasn't strong enough to do so, it blinded Anselma and Vivak completely, while Mo''Lexi and Clarence, along with their people, retreated explosively.

They had been hesitant to step into the city in the first place, but with their sharp minds, they had already retreated the instant they sensed the first fluctuation. They didn't even have time to register that this explosion wasn't strong enough to harm them; they acted first and thought about it later.

It was in the midst of this explosion that a little mink wearing a familiar brace on its little wrist shot through the gap, spiraling through the Shadow World and through the small gap.

Mo''Lexi and Clarence had the senses to see through the explosion and spot the little mink, but that left them in confusion.

They had never seen Blackstar in action, and had directly ignored it after it seemed to pass out after Mo''Lexi said her name. What they didn't know was that Blackstar hadn't passed out or died; he was sleeping. It was just that Blackstar had a habit of protecting his vital organs within the Shadow World as he did so, making it seem to them as though he had completely lost all vitality.

When Leonel had first spotted Blackstar, he was also sleeping like this. Back then, Leonel had tried to kill Blackstar, only for his attack to go right through the latter's body. This was a habit that Blackstar had held onto even into maturity.

Due to this, neither of these experts immediately thought of Leonel when they saw this shadow, nor when they realized it was a little mink. Their first assumption when seeing this little beast was that it had been startled by the explosion and was running away. Either way, their senses swept over the mink and landed on the two people they truly found to be threats, only to find that they were caught completely off guard as well.

"Hm?"

The confusion of the two increased several times over. What the hell was going on? Had they been too cautious?

That wasn't too much of a big deal. It wasn't as though anything terrible had happened. It was best if they waited here and prepared to deal with whatever enemy there was. They would have never thought that a mere Seventh Dimension mink could have warranted all of this anyway, so they directly ignored Little Blackstar...

Until it was too late.

The brace on Blackstar's wrist trembled and formed a vessel amid the smoke, then it quickly shot off into the distance.