Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2442 Thoroughly

Mo''Lexi and Clarence reacted at the same time.

A little mink was fine. Although this enclosure was called a city, it was more accurate to say that it was a world of its own, just one that happened to be excellently protected. There were plenty of spots with large forests filled with beasts for both hunting game and training.

The fact that a beast had been inside the city didn't faze them. But how could they not feel that something was off about a little mink suddenly taking out such a flying treasure?

A beast was one thing. A beast with enough intelligence to do this shouldn't be a normal beast. In fact, it could very well come from one of the Beast Bubbles.

After the situation with their selection, and the demons having a chance to expose what happened, the various overlords of this region were on edge about other races. They had their hands full with the Demon Race already; they couldn't afford to garner the ire of everyone else, which is why they immediately removed the other Races from the selection.

Obviously, then, they wouldn't be bold enough to outright kill Little Blackstar, but they also couldn't just let him off scot-free either. They needed to at least capture and question him.

But who would have expected for the vessel to suddenly expand and for the ship that seemed to have been under the control of a little mink to gain a very much human pilot instead?

Leonel didn't even look back. He took control of the vessel with one hand, and just as Mo''Lexi was about to attack, she froze.

It was fear. Fear from the deepest depths of her heart.

The corpse of a Void Beast appeared. It was so large and looming that it could have crushed a tenth of the Godlen city in an instant. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

No, it wasn't the corpse. It just felt like that. In reality, Leonel only held up a single scale, one as large as dozens of meters across. It shielded over the Segmented Cube and cube, held up by a mysterious power.

Just a small glance at it made Mo''Lexi and Clarence feel as though they had been dipped into an ice-cold hell. If they had just used their eyes, they might have still been fine. But because of all the lights and smoke, they could only use the Dream Force, and that only made the backlash worse.

It was said that when one laid their eyes on a Void Beast for the first time, some might feel so much dread that they would never get over it, even committing suicide to escape their thoughts.

This wasn't a full Void Beast corpse, but sinking your senses into a piece of the God Beast of Destruction's body was asking for trouble.

The two froze in place, their subordinates even worse off.

Leonel didn't pause the vessel even once, blazing into the distance as he put the scale away. Not once did he look back; he didn't need to. He had already sworn in his heart.

...

"What the hell is this?!" Vivak roared, sweeping a hand through the air and forcefully blowing it all away.

When everything cleared, he found Mo''Lexi and Clarence frozen. If not for the fact they were taking deep breaths, he would have thought that they had died.

"Molexi, Clarence, are you two alright?"

Suddenly, Vivak panicked. It definitely wasn't a coincidence.

"Anselma, the compass, the large one!"

Anselma understood immediately and pulled it out.

They had used most of the blood to create many small Blood Compasses, but they had created this one large one before. Unfortunately, the process couldn't be reversed. Once the blood was sacrificed to make the compass, there was no going back. So, there had been no way to undo this compass and make more smaller ones instead.

However, it seemed that that was a blessing in disguise now. This compass had a range of about 100 kilometers.

Anselma's pupils constricted when she realized that the city was actually empty of Blood Clones; it detected nothing at all, which meant that Leonel had to have taken them all away at some point.

He really was playing them all. All this time, they could have just directly found him?!

No, that wasn't what she should be focusing on.

Anselma's expression fell.

The compass was pointed hard and to the left. The harder it vibrated, the greater the distance your target was from you...

It all happened in an instant.

80 kilometers... 90 kilometers... 99...

The compass' vibration stopped completely, and it fell into a lull.

Nothing.

In just a few breaths, Leonel had already cleared over a hundred kilometers and left their range of influence.

Anselma's chest heaved, her red eyes turning redder. It looked as though even her sclera might be painted in crimson.

Unable to take it any longer, she screeched, her roar causing the walls to tremble. She felt her blood boiling and her veins popped all across her body.

She coughed up a mouthful of blood, having agitated her injuries, but she didn't seem to care in the slightest.

Her hair became disheveled, sweat beginning to drench her body as her breath came in heavy, panting, puffs of steam.

Vivak knew there was only one reason for this sort of reaction, and he clenched his fists so hard that his bones nearly cracked.

The Godlen Codex. No, the entire technique room. His daughter. His face.

"LEONEL MORALES!"

His roar split the clouds above a wild vortex forming in the skies as his Halberd Force spread out in all directions.

Who would have thought that they'd hear uproarious laughter.

It echoed from dozens of miles away, and yet it was as clear as day.

Whose laughter could it be if not Leonel's?

He didn't say any words, he didn't need to. The laughter was enough.

The Ninth Dimensional existences, overlords of this region, have palms that could cover the skies and feet that could split the earth, had been thoroughly outplayed.