Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2445 [Bonus] Codex

[Bonus chappy thanks to Dragonman009 <3 (2/6)]

Leonel shook his head. He was neglecting something so important.

He hated to put so much on Aina's plate, but he hoped that they could make such a meal plan not just for himself but also everyone else.

His brothers had been completely focused on training. He didn't tell them what was going on outside so that they wouldn't feel guilty about it. Although they would know that the best way to help him was by growing stronger, logic was one thing and emotions were another.

Since he could help them by keeping them ignorant, he would do so.

To them, it had only been less than a month. And since Leonel popped in from time to time, they felt that things were just fine. Leonel was content with that arrangement.

After he finished eating, Leonel took a deep breath and exhaled.

"Yip!"

He chuckled as Little Blackstar appeared for a moment, licked his face, then went back to his own training. That little guy had been a lot more serious recently as well.

Leonel felt a bit guilty about it because he felt that part of the reason why was because Little Blackstar could sense his own frustration and agitation. He had to be calmer of mind in the future.

'A plan...' Leonel thought to himself.

It was hard to tell what to do from here. He had dealt a strong blow to the human alliance, so at the very least, in the short term, they wouldn't be farming anyone.

At the same time, he had basically crippled the future of the Godlens by stealing all of their techniques. There was no doubt that they were looking for him like a bunch of feral animals right now.

Of course, their little compass was useless while Leonel was in the Segmented Cube. What good was a 100-kilometer limit when Leonel was in a whole different world?

He still had to be careful about keeping the Segmented Cube itself hidden, but after this incident, Anastasia had learned methods of using Spatial Force to hide herself, so he was good on that front.

He could probably hide indefinitely if he wanted, but he obviously couldn't do that.

For one, whatever his grandfather's plans were, Leonel would eventually have to be strong enough to help that endeavor. Second, he still wanted to do his best to find a path for his father to come back to life. Third, he needed to grow strong enough himself to not allow such things to happen again.

He had stolen basically the entire foundation of the Godlens, and their citizens had provided him an easy outlet to gather contribution points and new Ability Indexes to make use of, but this wasn't enough.

He had seen the Gods, the real Gods. The gap between him and El'Rion still felt like an unapproachable chasm, and the likes of Shan'Rae had made it sound like the Impetus State was the basic requirement to even make eye contact with her. All the while, Shan'Rae's Ancestor had made even a Regulator yield for a sum of time.

There was far too much out there, and it was clear from the situation in the human alliance that these complete worlds were anything but harmonious. Finnd ð’ew chapters on nð’ve/lbið’(.)com

The demons were attacking them now, but that didn't mean they were only enemies the humans had. It was likely that the demons just happened to be the nearest.

Shan'Rae had made it quite clear...

Humans were disdained across Existence for their involvement with the God Beasts.

This effectively bottlenecked Leonel to this place until he grew strong enough to protect himself against the monsters out there, but that limited his options even more.

For now, he'd have to rely on his father's teachings. He had perfect trust in him.

As for the Godlen's foundation... well, in truth, he was only interested in it for two reasons: curiosity and revenge.

This was the best way to strike a blow to the Godlens. Well, other than snatching his daughter, that is. And he had completed his objective beautifully. He'd like to see how the Godlens raised those arrogant bastards in their younger generation without these techniques.

'I guess they can have some uses too. But I'm not delving into any techniques until I finish those three tasks on dad's list.'

Though he thought this, Leonel chose to take out the so-called Godlen Codex. He had some thoughts about there being traps hidden within, but he also thought that if there were, they would have already appeared after he snatched them the first time.

Luckily, within the Segmented Cube, everything could be controlled quite easily.

While Anastasia's power was limited on the outside, she was nothing short of a deity within the Segmented Cube itself which could be considered its own world.

[Domain]

[Universe]

[Finality]

'Hm? What weird names...'

It was hard to tell immediately whether these names were chosen out of a false bravado or if it was something else. Though, Leonel leaned toward the former since he didn't have much respect for these human powers.

Even so, he didn't look down on them entirely. Judging by the fact Mo''Lexi had a Black Tablet, Leonel concluded that there should be some lingering influence of the God Beasts left behind. If the Cult had a Tablet, maybe the Godlens had something similar.

At the very least, the Lineage Factor the Godlens created had been able to fuse with his other Lineage Factors to form a true Ninth Dimensional Lineage Factor. They had to have done something right to get to that point.

In the past several days, while they had still been trapped, Leonel had been having Anastasia scan the entirety of Godlen territory. As such, she had overheard a lot of information about these techniques.

For one, it seemed that there hadn't been anyone in the Godlens that could use all three for several generations. In fact, it had been so long that most thought it was impossible to do so.

Second, the earlier one could get recognition of these techniques, the stronger potential one would have. Usually, the earliest one could was the "Seventh Star", or rather the Seventh Dimension. At such a level, one would be touted as a once in a generation genius like Eduardo almost was.

Third, from the order of most commonly unlocked to most difficult to unlock, it was: [Domain], [Universe], and only then was there [Finality].