Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2446 [Bonus] Stacked

[Bonus chappy thanks to Dragonman009 <3 (3/6)]

Leonel scanned the introduction of all three techniques, and his somewhat curious expression became a hint more serious. He sat up, wondering one thing...

Was this true?

[Domain]. [Universe]. [Finality].

[Domain] seemed to be where inspiration from the Spear Domain and the other created Lineage Factors came from. It was clear after reading it a bit that the Godlens hadn't exactly created the Lineage Factor from scratch.

[Domain] required Impetus State Force, which was interesting since it was apparently the easiest to get access to. It was only after reading a bit further that Leonel realized there was a rudimentary form that you could use with Half-Step Impetus State Force. Only then did it make a bit more sense to him.

If the description was correct, then [Domain] was capable of doing what every person dreamed of. It had such a simple name because it was completely malleable.

So long as one had an Impetus State Force, it could take it and mold it into a Domain. This Domain would allow you more influence over a region, suppress all other Forces, and bolster your Force by a quasi level state.

Essentially, it could take a Lower Impetus State Force and give it the strength of a Middle Impetus State Force. However, it couldn't give you the comprehension or the flexibility a higher State Force would allow you.

[Domain] truly began to shine when you had more than one Impetus State Force. Every additional Force was an exponential increase in strength. If you had one, you could already suppress an enemy by 5%. If you had two, you could already suppress them by 20%. If you have three, over 50% wouldn't be a problem. If you had four, you could suppress an enemy by over 90%. If by some miracle you had five or more, an enemy would find themselves completely at your mercy, unable to muster any Force or combat skills.

Leonel thought he read wrong the first time, so he read it again. And then again.

He had a perfect memory; the fact he would even waste his time doing things just went to show how ridiculous this technique was.

If the Godlens had such a powerful technique, why weren't they the overlords of the human race? Why were they sharing commanding rights? Was this a joke?

According to the description, the only restriction on this Domain wasn't your Dimension, but rather the strength of your enemy's Forces in comparison to your own. That being in both quality and State.

For example, if Leonel met an enemy who used Fire Force at the same State as his Scarlet Star Force, he would crush them ten out of ten times. Even if the Fire Force was a step beyond his Scarlet Star Force in terms of State, it would be hard pressed to help its user break out of the Domain.

Of course, Leonel was already limited by his Dimension. Finnd ð’ew chapters on nð’ve/lbið’(.)com

Although the description said that Dimension wasn't important, because Leonel's Dimension was so far below his Force comprehension, the limitation was so great that it ended up affecting Domain.

'Could it be that the Godlens are still so weak because so few make it to the Impetus State?'

Leonel had hit the nail on the head. Even the strongest of them, Patriarch Vivak, only had one Impetus State Force. Of course, this Impetus State Force was already at the Higher Impetus State. However, if even he was only at this level, the others were even worse off.

Leonel suddenly felt that these techniques were only rotting on their shelves because [Universe] was even more exaggerated.

As the name seemed to suggest, this was a technique related to Universal Force and the Universal Cycles.

Usually, Universal Force could only be used as an amplifier. If you tied your Universal Force to a Weapon Force, then only your Weapon Force would be amplified. However, if you had True Universal Force like Leonel, then all aspects of combat would be enhanced for you.

The basic requirement of [Universe] was to both have comprehended True Universal Force and to have elevated it to the Cosmos Realm. A Rudimentary form could be used if you had stepped into the Natural Light Realm.

Once again, Leonel found these requirements silly. Was this really the second hardest? If anything, [Domain] sounded like the harder one...

In the past, Leonel used to have very specific techniques that he would use with his Universal Cycles. These tended to match well with the imagery created. For example, when he was in the Four Seasons Realm, he had a technique he called Withering Snowfall, and three others that matched well with it.

[Universe] was similar, but it was a pure movement technique, or more accurately, a movement method as it was more than just about speed and agility.

According to its description, it quite literally used Universal Cycles to warp Universal Law, or in other words, the fundamental laws of physics. The more powerful your Universal Cycles, the more change you could force.

You could instantly change momentum, whether that be of yourself or even your weapon. This meant that you could accelerate to your full speed on a dime, change an attack's target mid-strike, or even turn full assault into a full retreat nigh instantaneously.

However, momentum was just one of the universal laws you could control and it was one of the weakest of the laws.

From weakest to highest there was: Friction, Velocity, Momentum, Waveform, and finally, Folding.

Friction, as the simplest, allowed you to negate all forms of friction or increase it to extremes. This was the only tier available in the rudimentary version.

It sounded lackluster compared to the others, but Leonel's mind instantly thought of thousands of complications in battle.

Air resistance was a kind of friction. Being able to move without worry for the wind would be huge, especially considering his body was still in the Third Dimension.

Just with air resistance alone, there were countless applications, especially if it was matched with [Domain] and applied onto an enemy.

That was the scariest part of these techniques...

They stacked.