Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2447 [Bonus] [Finality]

[Bonus chappy thanks to Dragonman009 <3 (4/6)]

Velocity allowed one to instantly change their velocity's direction. Although you couldn't speed up or slow down, you could choose the direction at which. If used with enough precision and confidence, it might even be possible to make it look like you had come to a sudden stop, but the consumption of mental fortitude, Universal Force, and Dream Force would be astronomical.

Momentum was the evolution of Velocity. Instantly controlling momentum allowed you to not only choose the direction at will but also the speed. The flexibility was much greater, and the results far more devastating.

Waveform allowed you to phase in and out of reality, similar to Blackstar's Shadow World, but this time firmly under Leonel's control. He could even focus on just a single part of his body if he was confident enough, minimizing the consumption.

And finally, there was Fold.

This one had the most wide array of applications and it folded space and twisted distance. This wasn't just for movement but for attacks as well. If applied cleverly, the strength could easily be beyond the previous four in total.

For someone with Leonel's battle style, one that was highly analytical and liked to analyze every aspect of combat, this sort of technique was absolutely perfect for him. He almost wanted to apologize to the Godlens for looking down on them, even though he was still a bit skeptical.

Descriptions were one thing, but would the technique actually be that powerful in practice? It was hard to tell until he actually put it to good use.

Then there was [Finality].

This technique was... the oddest of them. It had no starting requirements at all, and yet it sounded like the one you would least like to use.

The use was simple. It stored up a great amount of energy over time. This happened passively or actively depending on your mood.

Some who used this technique would accumulate energy for many years, decades, even.

The reason it was called [Finality] was that this energy could be released all at once and in a single instant of time.

Even enough ants could bite an elephant to death. Granted, it would take an obscene number, but that number was theoretically something you could calculate. It wasn't like it was impossible or outside the bounds of reason.

By the same token, this technique could be used to defeat those far above you in strength. Even if you were in the Third Dimension, theoretically, if you could extend your life into infinity, and you were patient enough, you could eventually accumulate enough energy to explode with it all in an instant and kill a Ninth Dimensional expert.

The problem was that you'd die too.

The trouble with [Finality] was that while it had no minimum requirement, the requirement of raw skill was exceptionally high, and it was divided into tiers.

If you wanted to erupt with double your strength- which would be the minimum Leonel would personally use this sort of technique for as anyone any weaker than that he felt he could defeat with his mind- the Force stored within the technique had to at least be of the Impetus State.

To suffer no backlash at three times your strength, you needed to be in the Middle Impetus State. This continued until the Life State, where at the Lower Life State, you could instantly erupt with 10 times your strength without backlash, 20 times at Middle, so on and so forth.

If by some miracle you reached the truest pinnacle and had a Force at the Creation State, you could instantly erupt with 100 times your strength at the Lower Creation State, 1000 times at the middle, 10,000 times at the higher, and 100,000 at the peak.

This was a bit depressing to Leonel for a few reasons.

Firstly, it was difficult to tell exactly how much stronger a person was than you, exactly. He would have to do an analysis of his strength versus their defenses to see what level he should use.

Secondly, a Ninth Dimensional expert, even those of the human race, was definitely more than a hundred times stronger than him now, and he didn't feel that was an exaggeration. But how far was he from a Creation State Force?

If he tried to use a 100 times [Finality] strike now the only silver lining was that his death would be instantaneous.

Third, just because you could strike, didn't mean that it would land. So what if you could use a strike 100,000 times more powerful than your best, if it hit air, it would all be for naught.

'I'm looking at this wrong...' Leonel suddenly thought, his eyes narrowing.

Sure, this technique was presented as a "final strike" or trump card sort of technique, but did it have to be used like this?

There were two ways to fill the technique.

The first way was passively. For Leonel, or at least the Leonel who once had [Dimensional Cleanse]'s Stars in his Ethereal Glabella, he would be quite fast. Even so, it would take a day to fill it passively.

That meant that he would be able to use [Finality] at double his strength once a day if he only relied on passive activation.

He had another advantage, and that was his Innate Nodes. His Innate Nodes were even faster than his Stars. Far faster. They could fill [Finality] once over once an hour. Because he had two Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes, he could do it at double that speed.

For context, a normal person would take anywhere from a week to an entire month to do the same. ð‘…read latest chð’‚pters at n/ð’v(e)lbið’(.)co/m

However, other than that, there was the active activation. This could be done much faster, especially with Innate Nodes. Anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes depending on your Force State.

Another hidden advantage that Leonel had in this context was the fact he was a Dream Sovereign. His ability to split his attention in battle was unparalleled.

Never mind double. What if he only used [Finality] in its active state to continuously increase his strike power by 10, 20, or maybe 50% increments? Wouldn't he instantly raise his combat strength by that measure just by measure of this technique alone?

If he matched that with the suppression of [Domain], and the physics breaking of [Universe], he, who could already battle far above his level, would become all the stronger.