Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2448 Prison

Leonel leaned back on the dining room chair and chuckled. Quite frankly, this was an unexpected find. While he still didn't know if these techniques were as exaggerated as their descriptions claimed, he was beginning to warm up to them.

Regardless, he knew that Vivak's organs were twisting with regret right about now.

One thing that Leonel learned while he was stealing the techniques was that each barrier wasn't just a Force Art created by a Crafter. Instead, they were each formed by a person who had come to comprehend the technique.

The reason he hadn't taken these techniques seriously at all was because the difficulty of breaking the three barriers around [Domain], [Universe], and [Finality] weren't nearly as complicated as they should be given their descriptions. If they had been, Leonel might have wasted the entire hour that he had been given and still not been able to break in.

This painted the image that the Godlens had truly regressed a great deal since these techniques were shown to the world at their peak. They were wholly inferior in every way, shape, and form, and their comprehension of the techniques was far too inferior.

It wasn't just this either.

Based on his analysis of the barrier Force Arts that protected these techniques, Leonel could roughly guess when they were created. This estimate should tell him when the techniques were last comprehended, or more accurately, when the last person who claimed the techniques managed to understand said technique enough to create a new barrier.

According to that, [Domain]'s barrier was last reformed around a decade or so ago, [Universe] was last reformed around half a century ago, and finally, [Finality] was last claimed over 5000 years ago.

Leonel didn't actually know much about lifespans. They changed too frequently based on a series of factors. It wasn't like so long as someone reached this Dimension, they would definitely live for such and such long.

For example, Leonel had Vital Star Force. Just by virtue of this, his Life Span was impossibly far beyond that of other Third Dimensional existences. By vitality alone, he would probably still be considered a newborn now even though he had already begun leaving his mid-twenties.

Aina was the same. In the past, she had even worried about outliving Leonel due to her Blood Force and Life Force stealing capabilities. But that was obviously less of a worry now.

The other difference was an Incomplete World versus a Complete one. There was definitely a difference in body composition between the two, but also the environment as well, the quality of the Force, and the various ailments of the worlds.

It was actually difficult for Leonel to deduce whether you would have a longer life or a shorter life just by virtue of being born in a Complete World.

It could be that the more complete Forces of this would mean that every step forward taken would be far more robust and thus increase your lifespan.

Or it could be that the pressure of the world around you was so great that the benefit of the improved Force was outweighed by it, thus impeding your lifespan and decreasing it.

It was hard to tell without having exceptional knowledge of the region, and considering the matter of lifespan was probably common knowledge to everyone who lived here, it would probably be tough to find material on it out in the wild.

This was all to say that Leonel wasn't sure how to use this information on when the barriers were last reformed to take a guess at which ones Vivak could control.

That said, Anastasia had heard enough to conclude that Vivak shouldn't have been the one to claim [Finality] last.

It was possible that the Godlen family could have some hidden aces stored away like the Overlords of the Morales, and he would cross that bridge when he got there. But it was likely that Vivak could only use [Domain] and [Universe].

In addition, based on the barriers, he only had one true Impetus State Force, and he could only use the Rudimentary level of [Universe].

This was great news for Leonel, though bad news for the overall state of the human race.

Leonel stood to his feet and put the techniques away. They were great, but ultimately they took second fiddle to the foundation of his power. These techniques would definitely shine in his hands, but he had to actually start making it out of the Fourth Dimension first before he even considered any of that.

He had felt that he was on the edge of a breakthrough in his path to the Constellation Realm earlier before he was interrupted back in the Godlen compound. He planned to use his Ability Index to place himself right back in that state of enlightenment.

Unfortunately, the duties of a leader couldn't just end there. He had found more Ability Indexes that would help his brothers after scouring the Godlen citizens, and... he also had a few prisoners that he should take a look at.

Leonel spent some time with brothers, passing along the new Ability Indexes and help he had gotten for them, and before he could even say goodbye they had already rushed off to do more training.

He could only chuckle in response. Although he hadn't said anything about what was going on, it seemed that they had figured it out all on their own already.

Leonel shook his head and went off to a separate space.

... Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The "prison" that held Simona and Eduardo was a place one would be hard pressed to call a prison at all.

Because of Anastasia, they could do nothing at all in this world, even if they tried to run to the ends of it. Truthfully, only Leonel could come and go from this world as he pleased, and that was only because Anastasia had recognized him as her master.

As for these two, they were stuck in a spring garden of sorts, not really knowing what the next day would bring until Leonel suddenly showed up.