Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2450 Dream Enlightenment

Leonel sat in silent meditation, slowly pulling himself into that state of sudden enlightenment that he had touched upon just days before.

If for no other reason, this sort of ability was one that others would kill for. Who knew how many sudden enlightenments were ruined in the past by a stray thought or an interruption? And yet, this couldn't faze Leonel at all.

He would call this ability Dream Enlightenment.

It could be used for anything as simple as catching a strand of sleep before wild thoughts put you into an awake state again, all the way up to resurrecting a true state of enlightenment like this one.

The Four Season Realm... The Heavenly Body Realm... The Natural Light Realm... The Cosmos Realm... The Constellation Realm...

He pulled himself back to those thoughts once again.

'Star Force... it was the only Force that always seemed to be attached to something else... it didn't usually come alone... The disorder of the Realms...'

Leonel quickly found that rhythm again.

He thought about how he had always assumed that the progression should be the Natural Light Realm first, then Four Season, then Heavenly Body, then Constellation, before only then Cosmos appearing.

But he had been proved wrong, and Wise Star Order had even laughed in his face when he said so.

But why...

Why Four Seasons first? Why was Natural Light not more simple than the seasons?

If you thought about it, the seasons could decide the light, could they not? In winter, the days were shorter, and in summer, they were longer.

Then why would Constellation come after the Cosmos? It was a similar problem... the cosmos was formed of many Constellations, so how could Constellations come afterward? It didn't make sense...

It didn't make sense unless the main idea here wasn't the phenomena themselves, but rather the title they came with...

Universal Cycles... Star Force... Universe Force... The Northern Star...

Why was the Northern Star the arbitrator of chaos? Why was its descent so important? Wasn't it just one star? What Force did it embody? Why was it called the Northern Star and not the Chaos Star or the Death Star? Those two latter names seemed to be far more appropriate... Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Why was it moving at all? Why was it growing larger and shifting its position? Why was it, that in a constantly expanding universe, something so far away initially was actually coming closer instead?

There was something deeper, something hidden deep within...

This was the point where Anastasia had interrupted Leonel before, an interruption that had saved his life. It took three days to reach this state before, but now it only took a matter of minutes, his thoughts moving and flowing like water.

Maybe his definition of the Realms had been wrong all along...

What if he changed their names...? What if the progression was instead...

Four Seasons, Planet, Energy, Nebula, and only then Constellation? Would he still have the same problems with it?

No, he wouldn't.

If Heavenly Body solely referred to rock bodies, if Natural Light referred to the presence and disappearance of heat, if the Cosmos referred instead to the gooey, soupy state of unbirth that a universe was in during its infancy, and if Constellation referred to the first signs of order... Would he be able to accept it?

Yes.

Who knew how many languages were out there, how many times these words and meanings had been translated, how often the deeper truths hidden within could become murky due to a game of telephone... [Universe] was the perfect example, it was exactly the example he needed.

Universal Cycles didn't refer to comprehending the Universal Cycles around it. It referred to creating your own, to manifesting your own seasons, your of Heavenly Bodies, your own kernel of light, your own breath of cosmos, your own Constellation... or more accurately.

Your own Northern Star, your own guide.

The name Northern Star didn't come because the word "north" was important. Before anyone learned of the danger it posed, everyone knew it for one thing: it's consistency.

No matter where you were, what world, whether Complete or Incomplete, it would always be there, pointing due north.

It was the true Star Force.

The reason Star Force was always attached to something else was because it was akin to Urbe Ore. It was an enhancer, a constant and steady hand, a foundation that things were meant to be built upon.

The seasons were the cheapest form of this foundation. It showed you that the slightest changes in the amount of Star Force one received could lead to drastically different results.

The Heavenly Body was another foundation. Many were weak Stars or failed Stars, some were a step away or many steps away. But each one could only bask in the glory of the true Stars they orbited.

The Natural Light was of greater substance than the Four Seasons Realm. It wasn't just the result of a change in Star Force, but it was the emission of Star Force itself. Although it was still a distance away, it could paint a picture of what a world with and without Star Force would be like.

Cosmos was the result of Star Force's work.

He had been so obsessed with Incomplete Worlds that he didn't even realize that these large slabs of Earth didn't have endless skies of Stars. They had just one Star. Endless Stars was the sign of a weak world, an Incomplete world...

The Cosmos wasn't a tapestry of endless weak Stars. No, it was the harbinger of a Real Star, a single Star that could sustain a world as large as an entire universe...

And then there was Constellation.

It was the strongest form.

A collection of True Stars that didn't just act as a foundation or a support, but became something of their own.

Leonel's gaze flashed with a blinding light as a subtle thought crept to the back of his mind...

Could the Northern Star just be one of many? Was the strongest Star there was... truly alone?

It was a fleeting thought, one that he paid little to no attention to because he had already found what he needed.

A raging aura erupted from his body, and the Morales Constellation appeared high in the skies above him, trembling with an undying might.