Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2451 [Bonus] Trap

[Bonus chappy thanks to Dragonman009 <3 (5/6)]

Leonel's eyes flashed open, an overwhelming pressure coming from him. No, it was from him; it felt more like the stars were shining down on him, elucidating his path with a level of clarity and strength he had simply never experienced before.

It was only after entering the Constellation Realm that he understood that it was just the beginning. The Constellation gave you the right to finally start forming your own path. Everything leading up to it was just a precursor.

However, that didn't mean that the power it provided was mediocre or lacking by any stretch of the imagination. Leonel felt that if he channeled his Constellation Realm, even if he had this Third Dimensional body, he could shatter an Eighth Dimensional existence of the Dimensional Verse with a single fist.

The greatest benefit was probably [Universe]. Right now, he felt that he could use up to the Momentum Tier. Although it would be taxing, especially considering his current Dimension, it would be easy.

Leonel also felt that even without his Dream Sovereignty, just by virtue of this comprehension of his, he was almost entirely immune from the simplest forms of manipulation and coercion.

It was like his Constellation was a guiding lamp that laid the foundation of his Will. With it, his mind was a nigh impregnable fortress, unmoved by outside forces. Maybe only someone deep into the Life State could hope to move him now, at least with those simpler methods, that is.

For all Leonel knew, much like the techniques of [Domain], [Universe], and [Finality], there were other techniques out there that worked similarly but for the mind. At the very least, he believed that if the Godlens could manage to protect these techniques for so long, the Gods, the real ones, likely had their own methods that were at the very least equal.

Of course, it was possible that the lingering influence made many unwilling to try and deal with the humans directly, but Leonel put less stock in that considering the Void Race actually dared to use the corpse of a Void Beast for travel.

Leonel exhaled a breath and smiled.

That was two things on his father's list completed perfectly. That just left bringing his Emulation Spatial Force and Dark Force to the Impetus State. Then, he could finally begin to move through the Third Dimension again, unlock his Nodes and eventually enter the Fourth once more.

He was looking forward to it.

"Leonel," Anastasia called out to him, seeing that he had come back.

"Yes?"

"I've sensed a few people in the past few days looking over the region, but they don't all seem to be from the Godlens or those powers."

Leonel nodded slowly. He expected that this sort of thing would happen, but he found the priorities of the human alliance quite amusing.

The worlds were fusing, and the demons were about to launch an all-out assault on them. Whether they found Leonel or not should be the least of their worries, but they were actually so obsessed.

Leonel chuckled. If Vivak heard his words, he might be enraged to the point of fainting. Leonel had taken his daughter and the three most important techniques of their family; if he wasn't worth hunting down, then who was?

"I assume you saw something interesting?" Leonel asked.

He had asked Anastasia to keep the scanning region quite short. He didn't want to accidentally alert some powerhouse of their existence, but he also didn't want to hide completely blind.

The Blood Compass was probably just one method these experts had at their disposal to find him. Although he felt that none of those tracking methods should work while he was in Anastasia's world, it never hurt to be more cautious.

"Yes. They're demons, actually. It seems that they've already begun to infiltrate Godlen territory. They're only scouts."

Leonel nodded. "And?"

"You mentioned looking for resources. A fight broke out between a group of humans and the demons over some stuff in this mostly desolate region. They're fighting over a special Force Herb. I was curious and paid some attention to the fight since none of them noticed me.

"The Force Herb is pretty good and seems to have the ability to allow people to enter a state of enlightenment and progress their Forces. It should help someone in the Impetus State move it forward by one grade. So, from Lower to Middle, or Higher to Peak."

Leonel's brows raised. That was indeed excellent, and he was also looking for Force Herbs that Anastasia could nurture and help to mass-produce in the future.

The trouble was that Anastasia didn't seem to really be contacting him for the Herb, and he could tell why.

He was too weak to fight for such a thing. Since others had already found it, it was his turn to try and snatch it from them. Plus, it wasn't worth it to be exposed right now.

On top of that, the humans already hated him; he didn't want to be on the radar of the Demons as well. So he waited for Anastasia to continue. ð‘…read latest chð’‚pters at n/ð’v(e)lbið’(.)co/m

"The Force Herb is great, but its power source is more interesting. Remember, we chose this region because it lacked wildlife and things of the like, so it was easier to avoid problems. But what's odd with that is that the senses of beasts are far beyond that of humans and demons. Long before we found it, a beast should have already staked this place out as its territory."

"A trap?" Leonel asked.

"Something like that. Under the Force Herb is a deposit of what looks like mutated Evolution Ores."

Leonel's brows shot up. Evolution Ores were Foundation Type Ores capable of elevating the Dimension of companion Ores by a half step. He had always incorporated them into his Divine Armors, making them stronger than they should be.

But what did Anastasia mean by mutated?

"You'll have to learn to be more careful in the Complete Worlds," Anastasia explained. "Forces all have minds of their own. Although it isn't as complex as a consciousness, they all have an instinct toward survival more similar to plants.

"This mine of Evolution Ore learned to use blood to fuel its growth; that's why this region is so desolate."