Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2452 [Bonus] Weak

[Bonus chappy thanks to Dragonman009 <3 (6/6)]

Leonel fell into his thoughts.

He could understand this. Long ago, Wise Star Order had warned him that if he was too careless and relied too much on his Innate Nodes and not enough on his own comprehension, he would eventually suffer for it.

Years later, he had felt those effects firsthand.

It seemed that in Complete Worlds, this was even more exaggerated. He was fighting against not only his fellow man and other races, but also the environment itself could kill him.

He had a feeling that these human bubbles were on the milder side of things.

He remembered when he was first captured by the Olidark family and forced to work for them. Back then, when he entered the "demon world" for the first time, it felt like the world itself was trying to kill him, let alone the demons themselves.

There were definitely even more dangerous worlds out there if even collecting resources here was such a pain.

"You have a method?" Leonel asked.

"You have that [Domain] skill of yours now and a Constellation. It's very difficult for that mine to influence you now. I can feel that it's even a little bit more difficult for even me to do so."

Leonel mulled it over.

Soon, he would have to reforge his Divine Armors, a thought that made him chuckle. In the beginning, those armors had seemed permanent, but in the last few months, he had had to reforge them again and again. Sometimes, he didn't even get to use them properly before they broke again.

Even so, this was a blessing in disguise. Now he could do it all over again with everything he knew now... Gett your ð’‡avorite ð’ovels at no/v/e/lbð’Šn(.)com

Hopefully for just one last final time.

"Alright, I'll go. How strong are the people?"

"Well, it probably won't be that easy to skate by them. I can see that there's been human activity down there, but for whatever reason, whoever found the mind first didn't decide to take full advantage of it all immediately. It's odd."

Leonel's gaze narrowed as he stood. He finally pulled off his beaten and broken pants, jumping into a nearby stream and basking in the Cleansing Waters. Although he was going to quickly become dirty again, he might as well benefit a bit now.

After he was clean, he hopped out and pulled on a new pair of sweats, grinning. How nostalgic, how comfortable. Luckily, his mother wasn't here to scold him after all that effort she had gone through to make him dress prim and proper.

Leonel thought about throwing on a shirt but then waved a hand. What good would a shirt do him anyway? Wasn't like he was a king of modesty. Just a couple of days ago, that lady tried to shove a probe up a place where things should only come out. His chastity was gone.

Laughing to himself, Leonel stepped out of the Segmented Cube and into the wild.

He didn't use his Constellation Realm; it was far too flashy. It was powerful, but it was also the kind of ability that could be sensed from far and wide. That was the unfortunate part about relying on Universal Force for your strength.

A thought flashed through his mind.

"Hey, Anastasia. Do you think it's possible to channel Universal Force through you? And then you pump it right into me?"

Anastasia thought for a moment before a thought that felt like a nod came through.

"I don't see why not. Though, it will probably be a little bit weaker than normal since it'll be filtered through my will as well. Universal Force at your level works best when there's a clear intention, as you know."

Leonel chuckled. "Since you knew that, why didn't you tell me?"

Anastasia pouted. "There are a lot of things I don't know. I'm only naturally able to understand it now because I have perfect comprehension of everything that happens in my world. You could say that I only understand because I observed you. The only things I have natural comprehension of are the most fundamental forces that make up the bounds of my world, that being space, time, and a few other abstract things."

"Oh? Did my old man never..."

"He did, but..." Anastasia felt a hint embarrassed. "... after I regressed, I lost most of that natural comprehension."

"You lost your memories?"

"No... the best way I can describe it is like your mother. She was able to understand Camelot's Magic System perfectly because she has Earth's World Spirit. That innate comprehension came to her naturally; she didn't have to memorize or consciously understand anything. If the World Spirit suddenly disappeared, so too would that innate understanding.

"It's like a severe spinal cord injury and how you'd have to learn how to walk again."

Leonel was enlightened. Anastasia never really understood his father's path, at least not in the same way Velasco would.

For Velasco, so long as his memories were there, he could retrace those steps. But to Anastasia, although she had the memories, the feel was entirely gone.

That's probably also why Anastasia's factories were able to Craft for Leonel, but only things that he had Crafted in front of her before.

Leonel suddenly came to a stop. Even though it was a long distance away, he could already feel the fighting. The world just felt far more clear to him.

"There's an entrance you can use nearby. It's very well hidden, and even protected by a few Force Arts. But I think you can manage."

Leonel found it as soon as Anastasia mentioned it.

Up ahead, there was a blockage of foliage that looked very natural. It looked like overgrown shrubbery met palm trees in an oddly picturesque scene, but inside there was an open air mine that was booby-trapped to hell.

After scanning it, Leonel understood why Anastasia felt he could handle it. The Force Arts were actually so...

Weak.

He was already at this level the first time he grasped the essence of Life Grade Crafting, let alone now.

He chuckled to himself and flashed forward. He passed right through the formation without even alerting anyone and slipped inside, the rumbling above ground growing more fervent.

Almost immediately, he felt an insatiable desire bear down on him.