Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2455 Destination

'Hm...'

Leonel didn't really expect this. The young man was probably around his age, give or take a few years, but he still seemed bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. He was quite quick and seemed to have strength deep into the Seventh Dimension. Of course, that was at the standard of these Complete Worlds so the weight of those words was much greater than usual.

He hurried forward, rushing through the forest before stopping at his enclosure. He scanned the region carefully, then double-checked to see whether there was anyone else that had messed with his restrictions.

When he found nothing, he nodded to himself then finally slipped in.

Leonel moved himself, sliding into one of the many off-shooting tunnels of the mine. He was paying attention to the young man, but he didn't want to run into him just yet.

This place was in the middle of nowhere. The nearest settlement should be Godlen city, but it was quite a distance from there, at least a few thousand kilometers.

Crossing that distance without a treasure like the Segmented Cube was impossible, not at the strength of this young man, that is. Between there, there would be countless dangers.

Now that Leonel thought about it, the only reason he had survived in the wilderness the first time he came to one of these worlds was firstly because Oliidark city was so nearby, and secondly because he was in a relatively weaker part of the world where a Sixth Dimensional family like the Oliidark's could be the overlord.

But both things were untrue here. Not only was he a far off distance from such a center of power, the Godlens were also located in a portion of this Bubble World with the highest concentration of Force. The dangers were unprecedented and this mine was only one of many examples.

The young man rushed into the core of the mine, slapping what looked like talismans across his body. Leonel assumed that these were methods of transferring the effect of a Force Art directly onto your body without a medium and without tattooing it into yourself.

'Fascinating...'

Back in the Joan Zone, Leonel had had a Force Art etched directly into his skin, one that was meant to control him and potentially provide him with more Force Arts into the future. He didn't expect to see a far better method of doing the same here.

'These could have interesting applications in battle...'

Usually, Force Arts needed a medium to work. You couldn't just draw on in the air and hope for the best.

The only thing Leonel knew of that was somewhat close to achieving this result was the Camelot Magic System, but even then one was using the Mage Core as the medium. It was even better if you used a wand like Modred did.

But the special material these talismans were made out of seemed to take the place of that medium for you.

Leonel slotted this into the back of his mind and thought to take advantage of this in the future. This seemed to be another way to make maximal use of his Crafting skill without needing a ton of materials.

The young man paused, stunned for a bit when he saw the situation in the core of the mine. But soon, he smiled.

As Leonel expected, his first assumption was that his previous methods were working well.

After the young man double and triple checked the situation, he took out a shimmering mining tool and began to carefully hack at the other sections again.

'Seems he's patient. He wants to slowly peel away the other layers one by one until only Light Force is remaining. But that's interesting because I can't sense any Light Force affinity coming from this young man at all. Is he doing this for something else?'

It took an entire two days before the young man was finished. Truthfully, Leonel couldn't be bothered to watch for the entire time. The Crafting methods were making him physically hurt and the caution of the young man bordered on anxiety instead.

It was good to be cautious, but when you were too cautious, it could easily become timidity instead. Leonel could guess a lot about the young man's character just from this alone.

It was funny, though. Goggles also had a very cautious character, but he was still far more valiant than this young man when he had to be.

Though, Leonel felt that he was being a bit harsh. The fact that this young man dared to come here in the first place was a sign that he had more than enough courage.

When that two-day period came to an end, the young man wiped the sweat from his brows with a forearm, stretching his back. Then he put the mining tool away and took a gaze at the talismans he had slapped onto his chest. It looked like they were just about to run out of juice, so it was time to go.

He pivoted and rushed toward the exit.

Leonel finally stepped out of the Segmented Cube as he rushed by.

After waiting on the young man for a moment, he rushed after him.

"Why are you following him?" Anastasia asked.

Leonel smiled. "Intuition." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"You're not a woman."

Leonel almost stumbled. You had to be a woman to have intuition now? Wasn't that sexist? Where was the justice?

Leonel could only ignore the little fiery World Spirit as he rushed after the young man, who Leonel realized now was actually quite fast.

He didn't have Light Force, but he did have other talismans capable of increasing his speed a great deal. On top of that, he had more talismans to hide his presence. Even Leonel, due to the distance from which he was following, found it hard to focus on the young man's presence.

Of course, Leonel wasn't lagging so far behind because he feared the young man. Rather, he had a healthy dose of caution toward where the young man might be going.

When Leonel saw the destination, he raised an eyebrow.