Chapter 2457 Lit Up

Leonel and Allan stood in a lab.

Leonel realized after seeing the young man that he couldn't be the only Crafter of his skill in his group. Allan was just as intelligent as him, or at the very least close. It would be a shame if he ended up like that goggle-wearing young man purely because he didn't have much guidance.

So Leonel decided that whenever he was Crafting and Allan had some time, he would take the latter under his wing. It wouldn't really cost him much of anything. He couldn't always be the one Crafting as he had to focus on his training as well. Plus, if he trained Allan, then it would be easier to train others.

Unfortunately, he couldn't duplicate his father's dictionary and he didn't really want to even if he could... though it was a bit selfish.

[Ability Index: Energy Purification]

Leonel moved a hand and the Force Art appeared before them. This was the ability of the koi fish, and it overlapped heavily with Cleansing Waters. The difference was that the koi fish could impact the external world while Cleansing Waters forced an internal process.

Back then, the koi fish had been able to wreak havoc because it was able to swallow up a large amount of Force and expel it, pulling all sorts of Invalids toward the shores of Earth.

Leonel had been rightfully pissed about that considering how many people died because it wanted a little more territory, but he had changed a lot since then.

Regardless, he had always kept the koi fish by him because its synergy with the tentacle womb was perfect.

[Ability Index: Gene Replication]

Leonel felt it was a shame. He had put so much effort into the creation of those demons, and though they were powerful, they were far too weak for what he needed now.

The strongest specimen he had was that Peak Sixth Dimensional Demon that had eaten him alive.

That Cobra Demon had been strong enough to rip the Void Palace to shreds even though it wasn't Seventh Dimensional, but here... the playing field was more even.

While it could still deal a blow to Seventh Dimensional existences from weaker organizations, against his real enemies, the Godlens, the Cults, etc, it wasn't enough.

"I've told you about these two before, right?" Leonel asked.

"Yes," Allan nodded. Leonel had let him in on some of the secret projects he was working on a long time ago, and this was just one of them.

"The Silver Tablet I have here is able to take the Ability Indexes of people, form them into Force Arts, and then project them for manipulation or study."

Allan's brows shot up. This was about as much emotion as he usually showed; it was clear that he was completely stunned.

"This Gene Replication ability synergizes well with the purification one, but it's not complete. It takes too much energy, too much effort. Just the number of demons I have now took years to complete, and they're already useless."

"You want to create a more efficient Force Art, or Ability Index, rather."

"Mm," Leonel nodded. "I think the only path we have forward now is to stop relying on outside powers. It's finally time we create something of our own, and I think we have enough means to do it. Just Anastasia alone gives us enough."

A light chortle echoed as Anastasia laughed arrogantly. He smiled and ignored the little World Spirit.

"It's about time," Allan muttered.

"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?"

"I mean, you had to get tired of getting kicked out of them at some point, right?"

Allan looked at Leonel, completely dead pan. Allan wasn't one to make jokes and he was quite serious. But something about it...

Leonel burst into laughter, patting Allan's shoulder.

"James put you up to that, right?"

Allan looked away, pretending not to hear the question, and Leonel could only grin. Then, with a wave of his hand, Leonel brought out something else.

[Ability Index: Body Clairvoyance]

[Lineage Factor: Unnamed]

"This first one is Aina's. This second one is mine." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel observed Allan. The latter tried to look at the Force Arts, frowned, and then blinked his eyes several times before pulling back.

Leonel nodded to himself. As he thought, Allan had decent Dream Force affinity as well. His problem was much like Leonel's in the past.

Leonel had awakened to Dream Force only after being introduced to it, but before then he had been using Soul Force like everyone else. For some reason, Dream Force wasn't just naturally present in the body.

He would help Allan out with that later, but first...

"Aina's Ability Index gives her perfect understanding of her body; she has a natural comprehension of exactly what she needs and what to do to improve. It's clear why this would be helpful.

"Much of the energy the tentacle womb wastes is in analyzing and restructuring genes. However, if it had a natural understanding of everything it ingested or could ingest like Aina, its efficiency would be increased by several measures.

"My Lineage Factor isn't immediately obvious as to its benefit.

"The first is the vitality. My Lineage Factor can turn both metal and fire into vitality and it has a great deal of foundational vitality alone. But this is more of a secondary matter.

"What I'm most looking at is the portion of it that was once part of the Radix family's Lineage Factor. That part was able to use an odd Bronze Force to give life as well, in addition to incorporating one of the main Force that the tentacle womb relied on...

"Breaking Force."

Leonel took bits and pieces from both Force Arts, working slowly so Allan could follow his stream of logic.

It took over a day, but he eventually had something he was happy with.

"How much energy do you think I'll need for this one?" Leonel asked.

"There definitely isn't enough here," Anastasia said.

Leonel nodded with a bit of a bitter smile. He expected this.

The only reason it seemed so easy to fuse Ability Index and Lineage Factors earlier was because he was working with the lowest graded ones, but even the Silver Tablet needed energy to work.

Disregarding Aina's ridiculously high rated Ability Index, just his alone was a huge headache to provide energy for.

He was trying to elevate the tentacle womb from the Common Grade all the way up to Silver in one go; it would require much more than what he had now.

But that was fine, he had mostly done this to guide Allan a bit anyway.

Now, it was time he turned his focus to Emulation Spatial Force; then he could finally progress.

After sending Allan away, he checked on Aina then asked Anastasia another question.

"What do you think I should do to bring Emulation Spatial Force to another level?"

Anastasia laughed.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Leonel asked, confused.

"What's there to be confused about?"

"Oh Holy Goddess Anastasia, please give me your esteemed guidance."

Anastasia's laughter only got harder.

Leonel could only pout, this woman was having too much fun at his expense.

"Okay, okay. Aren't you a Dream Sovereign? And didn't I tell you, there's no one better in using space than me?"

Leonel's eyes lit up.