Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2459 [Bonus] Make it Make Sense

Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

[Bonus chappy thanks to Mr. Ham <3 (4/6)]

Leonel had never felt such a steady wave of enlightenment come at him again and again and again.

He felt that it was probably in part due to the fact that he had the Dream Force affinity to take in so much of it in the first place, but the sheer amount of knowledge that Anastasia had access to was enough to leave him entirely speechless.

The trouble was that Anastasia was a horrible teacher. In fact, even that might give her too much credit. He could only feel even more badly for Elorin than he already did.

Anastasia's form of teaching was the equivalent of a professor throwing chalk at your forehead until you finally understood it all.

For most, that didn't work. In fact, for most, they would probably shut down and forget about learning anything ever again.

As though that wasn't bad enough, Anastasia had no ability to "dumb things down" either. Not only did the information come in a barrage, it was filled with PhD-level mathematical jargon that could make one's head spin.

Honestly, Leonel only picked on PhD mathematics only because it was the easiest reference to him. Unfortunately, it was even worse than that.

The current Leonel could write a different PhD-worthy dissertation once a minute for an entire day if he was so inclined. That level of math couldn't faze him.

But it was like he had been stripped of all his knowledge, sent back to when he was three years old and first learning about addition and subtraction, and then expected to do the same thing.

In the past, Leonel would have blamed Anastasia for this. But after getting more context about her situation, he knew that he couldn't.

Anastasia's mind didn't have the flexibility to help him more than this. It was up to him to take this gargle of information and try to focus it with questions.

He realized that teaching required a flexibility of mind that she simply didn't have, not to mention the fact that "teaching" comprehension was nigh impossible.

Luckily, it wasn't all bad.

For one, for someone else, even if they were willing to sit through the grueling lectures, they wouldn't necessarily get the chance. Where else could you find such a large concentration of information about any other Force? It made the Void Tower look and sound like a joke.

At the same time, because she was a World Spirit, Anastasia's method of passing on knowledge was very unique.

Comprehension was complex. For example, even if Leonel told someone else his insights about the Universal Cycles, it would at best point them in the right direction. It wouldn't suddenly enlighten them akin to what he had experienced.

The best analogy was school again. Subjects in middle school were incredibly difficult to most people who were of age. But if you took those same people who struggled with the subjects while they were of high school age and sent them back to middle school, it would suddenly become a breeze.

These people hadn't suddenly become more intelligent, and they were probably struggling with similarly beveled high school subjects. However, they had progressed step by step, building a foundation of learning that could make what was once esoteric, simple.

The process was the most important aspect of comprehension, not the conclusion.

Everyone knew what the word Destruction meant, but not everyone could be a Destruction Sovereign.

Due to this, just explaining something with words wasn't enough to help someone truly grasp something.

Anastasia, though, was able to pour her insights directly into Leonel's mind. It wasn't just words or numbers or even Force Arts; it was a perspective.

The mind of a World Spirit was shocking to Leonel; it made his Dream Sovereignty seem more like a joke than anything else. However, he was still likely better suited than anyone else to withstanding this sort of pressure.

And that he did, for several days... until he managed to focus his attention enough on just a few aspects.

Emulation Spatial Force...

He felt that it had more potential than he was giving it credit for.

He had only really looked at it for one purpose when he initially took it from that woman, and that was to project his Dream Force outside his body.

However, he hadn't realized until now just how restricted he had been to Thaela's battle style. Because he had watched her use it, she naturally assumed that she was using it in the most optimal way.

But was she?

She was just a Sixth Dimensional existence, a person he had long since surpassed by a large margin although he had fallen down once more.

Why should he be restricted to her methods?

Then, his mind drifted to [Universe]... There were aspects of its complex Force Art that truly resonated with Emulation Spatial Force...

Leonel felt some snap within him, a radiant silver-gold aura beginning to erupt.

Cindra walked into the tall building bursting with dark bronze pipes. It looked odd, its first floor far smaller than its largest floors. It was almost like dozens of misshapen and differently sized boxes were stacked on top of one another and it was called a day.

The guards were startled when they saw this woman, but they ultimately didn't say anything, even when she walked into a large meeting hall on the top floor, interrupting a meeting that had been raging for hours.

"-It's impossible to know who it was, but we need to find out. According to our intel, someone dealt a fatal blow to those powers. The disappearance of the Godlen Codex is just one matter, what's more important than that is the fact that the resources needed to build the Farming Zones have been destroyed."

"How do you know it was someone? You sound so sure! How could a person be both strong enough to force the fusion of six Bubble Worlds, and yet weak enough to have to run away? You're not making any sense. The intel says it was a child-"

"And that makes even less sense!"

"Cidra," someone said calmly when the doors opened.

The man had a head of fiery red and eyes just as blazing crimson. The aura he exuded was no doubt that of a Brazinger. And yet... he was here.

"Miel," Cidra replied softly.