Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Spear Domain.

It was a treasure the likes of which only three others existed. It was a land of spears and spearmen that ruled over eras and generations. This was Spear Domain.

After awakening his Wisdom Branch, Leonel's spirit skyrocketed. So, it was no surprise that the distance he could walk within Spear Domain had also, likewise, increased by a large measure.

The hidden world of Spear Domain was separated into several peaks. In the beginning, Leonel thought that these were simply separations of weak to strong. But, the truth wasn't so simple.

To understand Spear Domain, one must understand the Spear Domain Lineage Factor. This bloodline allows one to pour all of one's skill into a single spear.. No matter what abilities you have or gain, it becomes possible to perfectly integrate it into one's Spear Force.

This accumulative Spear Force becomes layered and slowly grows more and more powerful over time. Eventually, if one walks to the end of Spear Domain and reaches the highest peak, forming a spear that encompasses all, it would be possible to stand atop the universe!

Therein lies the truth behind these peaks of Spear Domain…

Every previous owner of Spear Domain would form a peak. The penultimate weapon of their lifetimes would be pierced into this peak while all the spears surrounding the base of it represented all the styles and techniques they integrated into their own!

The black spear in Leonel's hands now, the very one with dangling black chains clattering amidst a silent battlefield, was the spear of the first peak. The primitive woman and primitive man were both spears that could only surround the base of its peak!

Gorgo felt his heart palpitate when his gaze landed on Leonel's spear. It felt like he was staring at the sovereign of an era, an impossibly tall mountain crashing down toward him.

It was just the first peak of the smallest hill. In fact, Leonel counted that there were hundreds of hills within Spear Domain that shared the same height as the hill he pulled this spear from, and those were just the one's in his line of vision. Yet, even it was able to make Gorgo's knees go weak.

'This weapon…'

In the distance, the zombie Demon Lord locked eyes on Leonel's spear, his heart involuntarily palpitating. Greed lit his rotting eyes.

Even with his status, he had never seen such a powerful weapon. In fact, he doubted that even Lord Modred's weapon could match the one in Leonel's hand right now.

The black spear was a Quasi Bronze treasure just half a step away from becoming a true Bronze treasure. It was no wonder others were reacting like this, but Leonel wasn't thinking about such things at all. He was entirely focused on the task at hand.

The spear in his hand weighed just over a hundred pounds. The amount of focus he needed to control it was far more than any other weapon he had ever wielded before. However, at the same time, it made his blood boil endlessly.

His mind flashed with the vision he saw when he touched this spear. Unlike the other two spears he had touched, he didn't get sent to witness a life moment of the owner. Instead, he found himself in a world of darkness, a perpetual pressure weighing down on him from all sides.

Leonel knew that he hadn't grasped even a single percent of what that world of darkness wanted to portray to him. He also knew that it was his fault for this as well. After all, he skipped over all of the spears that were meant to form the foundation to truly understand the weapon in his hands. The smart thing to do would be to slowly build up his understanding by comprehending all the spears around the base of this spear's peak.

However… the current Leonel just couldn't wait. He could always go back to thoroughly understand those spears. But this battle… he wanted to fight it now!

Leonel shot forward, the piercing strikes of his spear casting a net of black toward Gorgo. The chains on its body danced, lashing out like whips and poisonous snakes.

Gorgo felt a palpable pressure descend onto him. He struck out on reflex, hoping to send Leonel back, but the result left him horrified.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Ax and spear met time and time again. With each strike, Gorgo felt his arms go numb. It was as though a hammer was smashing into his body continuously. His organs shook, his bones quaked, even the blood vessels in his eyes popped.

He was losing… in strength?

The only thing that kept him going was the idea that Leonel should be worse off. After all, he was a human. How could his body compare to a mighty Demon Minotaur's?

Unfortunately… reality was cruel.

In the past several weeks, Leonel's body had already reached the standard of a Weak Third Dimension metal. With his Runes activated, trying to harm him was just like trying to cut apart an unrefined ore.

The first stage of refining his Metal Body was separated by the Dimensions. Within the Third Dimension, the tiers were separated into Weak, Standard, Strong, Superior and Perfect. Only by opening the eighth door would one be able to reach the Superior standing and only those that opened the ninth would be able to reach Perfection. However, even the weakest Weak standing was enough to drive an opponent mad.

While Gorgo's body felt as though it might break down at any moment, Leonel only felt slightly numb. Only the weakest parts of his body like his wrists and ankles felt any real discomfort.

In Leonel's current state… wielding a heavy weapon like his black spear couldn't have felt any better!

Gorgo shrunk back, completely deactivating his void Force. Usually, others would try to run from him, so his suction technique was a death sentence to all. Yet, now, it was nothing but a detriment to himself.

His heart sank when he saw the chips and cracking of the ax in his hand. Was the difference between their weapons really so great? He felt that in just a few more strikes, the companion that had followed him for so many decades would meet its end right here.

'Dammit!' Gorgo shouted in his mind.

How had he been so unlucky to come across such an abnormal little baby boy?! Even the weapon he wielded was heavier than his own! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Suddenly, Leonel's spear tip shook, a faint light coating its surface.

Gorgo's expression changed. Reacting quickly, he used his ax to protect his chest.

PCHU! CRACK!

A pain trembled Gorgo's heart. He watched as Leonel's spear embedded itself into his ax. Though it didn't pass all the way through, such a crack meant the end of a weapon.

Gorgo explosively retreated beneath the shocked gazes of the armies around.

Others may not know it, but after today they surely would. The reason Leonel lost so badly to Lamorak wasn't just because of his crystallized Force, but also because his weapon couldn't hold a candle to the Grand Knight's.

Though Leonel would have still lost had he had this spear back then, it wouldn't have been so quickly. And, now that he had begun to crystallize his own Force and had such a weapon in hand… He had no intention of losing to the Demon Lord before him!

"BOY! I'll go all out with you!"

A dense black Force erupted around Gorgo. It felt as though his body had become the center of a black hole, causing everything to surge toward him.

Wind whipped around wildly. If it wasn't for the fact Leonel was holding such a heavy spear, he might have been sent flying toward the minotaur Demon Lord as well.

Leonel's eyes shone. 'This must be a knight technique of this world…'