Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2467 Den

Leonel had Anastasia project the full situation of the second layer to him. Then, he burst into action again, walking along the path along with his clone.

He nodded toward several passersby; because he was Grim, he didn't really have to make fake conversation with himself either. He just continued to silently go about his task until he found what he was looking for: a den.

Around the corner, just past his shoulder, there was a den of wolves. These Earth Force-wielding wolves had called this place home long before the Godlens found this mine, and they had yet to be completely cleared out. There were still several pockets of them in the second layer, and their concentration in the third was even greater.

Leonel chuckled to himself. What he was about to do was a bit ridiculous, but why not? He might as well have some fun.

His clone vanished, and Emulation Spatial Force sparkled around him again. Then, he became an Earth Force Wolf, standing at over two meters tall.

Of course, he was still standing on two legs and it was once again just a projection to fool the perceptions of others, but it would be perfect nonetheless.

Taking a deep breath, Leonel deployed [Domain], flooding it with his Impetus State Earth Force. Since he had just had a thought about how he needed to use this Force of his more, why not now? This couldn't have been a more perfect opportunity.

Right now, he was just using the outermost shell of [Domain]. He hadn't really practiced using this technique at all since he had been so focused on raising his Forces to the Impetus State, so he only had a basic understanding of it. However, this result alone would be enough to leave the Godlens shell-shocked.

In Complete Worlds, techniques that took the shape of Force Arts were not the norm. Usually, they were inscribed in booklets and passed on. It could be said that any technique in the form of a Force Art was not only exceptional, but it was also far more difficult to learn.

Unfortunately for the Godlens, it was the opposite for Leonel. A technique in the form of a Force Art was even easier for him to grasp. Maybe if it had been written out, it would have taken him even longer to reach this state.

At that moment, Leonel moved forward. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Earth Force Wolves all stood at attention immediately.

The clearing was of a decent size, being at around 15 meters. There was a thick stench in the air that bordered on something foul, but wasn't quite that. It was closer to mustiness and humidity.

There were just over half a dozen wolves within, and at the helm, there was one that was clearly larger than the rest, standing at almost three meters.

These Earth Force Wolves were all quite beautiful creatures. They had dense, thick black fur; their eyes radiated a shimmering bronze color that almost looked like ambrosia, and their claws reflected the look of glossy black steel.

Their bodies were powerful and explosive, but rather than speed, they seemed to fuse with the earth beneath them, making them steady and hard to walk.

In their eyes, Leonel was similar, but the bronze color in his eyes was even sharper and far brighter. At the same time, as he moved, they felt that the earth that had always been so close to them was being ripped away from their control.

Strong.

In their simple minds, this was all they could think.

Leonel stalked forward, his gaze focused on the alpha who had already stood to its full height. Although it loomed over Leonel, somehow, in the eyes of the rest of the pack, they looked to be equally matched.

Leonel released a growl, doing his best not to burst into a fit of laughter. He was lucky no one else could see this-

Anastasia burst into waves that echoed in his ears, making it hard for Leonel to keep his composure.

'Hey, lady, I'm working here! I'm going to need you to-'

"Aina, Aina, come look at this???I can't!"

Leonel shook his head; it seemed he wouldn't have the chance to hide this one. So, instead of drawing it out, he pounced.

The Alpha Earth Force Wolf howled in response, leaping forward.

Their bodies clashed in the air and the Earth reverberated, but the wolf was sent flying.

[Domain] was able to suppress the Forces of others and their overall strength, for that matter. But when you used the same Force as your enemy, there was a hidden boost within that made it even more effective.

Plus, these wolves were barely Seventh Dimensional and not one had an Impetus State Force. Using [Domain] at all was overkill, but Leonel didn't have the time to waste and he also didn't want to risk injuring himself too heavily either. His body was a liability at this point.

He rushed forward and pressed a foot against the wolf's neck, though from the perspective of the other wolves, it looked as though he was pressing down a paw.

Then, he unleashed a howl beneath the chorus of laughter that had suddenly become his backdrop.

'Unbelievable,' Leonel thought to himself. 'And here I'm just an honest man trying to become stronger to protect those I love. A man can't do anything in this world without being ridiculed.'

That laughter only came in more waves.

Leonel smiled and shook his head, pulled his foot off of the alpha's neck. Well, at this point, he was the alpha now, no?

This system didn't work like the Beastman Dimensional Verse's did. There was no magical connection between them; it just worked the same way everything else in the animal kingdom did: the strong won and the weak followed.

The alpha weakly stood, its head lowered so far that its snout almost touched the ground.

Leonel nodded in satisfaction and turned to leave. However, not before he gave the wolves a glance that clearly meant: follow me.

It was time to kick up a storm.