Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2473 Dammit

Leonel adjusted himself, taking a small rest. He felt that all was right with the world, at least in this small vacuum. Everything was under his control, and everything was perfect.

When he was ready, he felt like he had just had a good night's rest. His mind was refreshed, and his body was rushing with vitality. Then he began.

Leonel's first Node would be the very same one he had started with initially: his Brain Stem. At that location, there was his Emulation Spatial Force Node, and it was also one of great importance to him. Leonel didn't know if it particularly mattered which one he started with, but out of habit, he chose that it was best to stick with the status quo.

Plus, when he thought about it, there was no better other region to start with anyway.

After months of not having to worry about the influence of his Scarlet Star Force, he had grown used to that kind of peace. Truthfully, now that his Scarlet Star Force had reached the Impetus State thanks to Mo''Lexi, he didn't have to worry about the influence being as hard any longer. Even so, he was still far more cautious now than he had been in the past.

'Activate my Destruction Sovereignty... Use my Constellation Realm as an anchor... Use my Node as the connection between myself and the Realm...'

Leonel went through the process in his mind.

None of what his father had made him do was superfluous. Every step was integral to the technique's success. The separation of his soul allowed him to view his body from a third perspective. Getting comfortable with that feeling would now only teach him how to anchor his existence in a different Plane than where his true body was located, but it would also protect his mind from the corrosion of Destruction as well.

Because his soul was so firmly rooted in the Second Dimension now, his Forces were even less likely to have a strong impact on him. Forces could only so directly act on his body, at least the body was far easier to target in this regard.

Then, his Constellation Realm became an anchor, as he had said. The Constellation represented the essence of the Star, it was your own world, your own existence, your own path. Its existence meant you no longer had to rely on the world around you to provide the guiding light you needed; you could be your own guiding light.

That was why a technique like [Universe] could allow you to break the laws of the world around you.

As for why his Forces had to be in the Impetus State, this was even more straightforward.

It had to be remembered that the State before the Impetus State was known as the Unfurled State. This was the process of unwinding a Force through the Dimensions and it was a difficult concept for one to wrap their minds around.

In the simplest form, the Unfurled State allowed you to simplify a complex Force, granting you the ability to use its full strength in a world you otherwise wouldn't be able to. This was why Leonel's father had been able to display his full strength on Earth even when it had yet to complete the Metamorphosis. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

If Leonel didn't have at least this much control over his Forces, then when he moved his Nodes into his Destruction World, he would end up losing access to his Forces completely. At that point, he would be even weaker than before he took that step in the first place.

Everything was meticulously planned.

Star Force washed over Leonel as he steadily began to build his anchor. Even with his eyes closed, plumes of smoke came from the corner of his eyes and his feet, pooling together as well.

And then, the first million kilograms of Reinforced Urbe Ore and Evolution Ore were swallowed up by these plumes of smoke.

Leonel wasn't worried in the slightest; his enlightenment toward his Emulation Spatial Force had opened up an entirely new world for him.

To create, it required you to destroy... something could never come from nothing.

However, by the same token, complete destruction was impossible... there would always be a path of survival left behind.

When a forest was razed to the ground, it would grow back more lush... It was this small remaining seed of creation that Leonel latched onto, grabbing hold of it and refusing to let go with his Constellation Realm.

The essence of the Ores pooled toward, rushing into Leonel's body.

Slowly, they began to form the complex Force Art of [Final Destruction].

Leonel trembled, and he began to feel an odd feeling take root in his body. It was calm and tranquil...

Until it wasn't.

'God dammit...'

The wave of pain hit him like a truck. It didn't come from his body but rather from his very soul. Somehow, Leonel subconsciously understood what was happening.

His soul had been separated from his body, and now this technique wanted to take a piece of it.

This made sense. The world that Leonel was creating needed a real connection to him, and his body wasn't good enough.

Unfortunately, the pain was so excruciating that he would have fainted if he hadn't become a Dream Sovereign, capable of finding clarity even within this depth of despair.

He cursed, spewing out all the vulgarities known to man. This was actually worse than being eaten alive; he never thought that he would say such a thing in his entire life.

But as though that wasn't bad enough, soon he felt as though his Emulation Spatial Node, which had been mostly dormant all this time, had begun to drill through his body as though it had to tunnel through his flesh to get to the world he was creating.

Leonel had started off in a dignified and calm position, but that had been quickly thrown out the window as he huddled into a fetal position, his skin turning a deathly shade of grey.