Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2475 Ten Stars

Leonel barely managed to crawl into a pod and collapse. Truthfully, he had no idea how many days had passed. It might have even been a month for all he knew. He had been so solely focused on a single goal that he could mind anything else. Everything drifted away, and he fell into a deep sleep.

When Leonel awoke, his gaze flashed with a blindingly cold light. But when he looked around him, he found himself lying on a bed of ash.

'What the hell...'

"What do you think you're doing destroying my thing?!" Anastasia began to berate him immediately. "Do you know how expensive those things are to make?!"

"Expensive?" Leonel muttered, still a bit confused.

"Yes! Each one you see here took ten years of accumulation for me to make!"

Leonel didn't really think about where the pods came from before; they were just here after Anastasia finished her final breakthrough, so he never really thought about it. Now it seemed that there was a price to pay for them after all.

Even so, his mind was somehow both incredibly sharp and yet groggy at the same time. He didn't have the mind to care about the little World Spirit throwing another tantrum.

He slowly stood, putting a hand on his forehead.

"Well, damn..."

He looked around himself, and the region was in a complete mess. Let alone the pod he had crawled into, the surrounding kilometer was in shambles. He had left behind nothing but a big crater of darkness and destruction.

Seeing this scene, he was a bit worried. Was this because he had lost consciousness? Or was this just going to be his new norm now? 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Before, he could turn his Destruction Sovereignty on and off, and even when it was on, it wasn't so exaggerated. It felt like anything within range of him would completely collapse without a chance to retaliate.

He hesitated, only his father's dictionary could explain to him what was going on, but he was quite hesitant to go and get it now. What if he accidentally destroyed it?

Leonel calmed down. No, this breakthrough shouldn't be such a double-edged sort.

He had thoroughly prepared for this, so he understood the purpose of the technique.

The main point of focus was in creating the World of Destruction, but that World of Destruction would become useful for many purposes.

For example, when he destroyed, he could use his Destruction World to recycle and reforge the Forces into his own image, making them a part of his power. Of course, these would be restrained to the Forces he had the deepest comprehension of.

There was then the matter of Force Node size.

When Leonel first created his Force Nodes, he was especially worried about their size. Back then, he had done excellently and managed to make Force Nodes 100 cells large. This placed him among the highest echelon of geniuses in the Dimensional Verse.

However, [Final Destruction] completely did away with this. Technically speaking, right this moment, there were no Nodes within his body at all; they had all been displaced into this new world, forming ten independent bubbles as though the beginning of their own Bubble World.

Let alone a hundred cells, in terms of sheer space, Leonel had thousands of times that. As for the actual amount of Force that was under his control, it was easily an entire organ's worth. It was as though Leonel had ten Innate Nodes in him rather than just three and seven ordinary Nodes.

Of course, they didn't have any of the other abilities of Innate Nodes other than the sheer amount of Force, but it was shocking nonetheless.

Then, there were the Bubbles that did have Innate Nodes.

His two Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes and his Emulation Spatial Force Innate Node were no longer within him, and they had instead become a part of Destruction World. They became the core of the ten Bubble-like Worlds, so densely packed with floating golden runes that they looked like elevated beings of their own.

Leonel could finally sense them properly outside of their influence on him and it felt like a world of power was at his fingertips.

After some thought, Leonel felt that he should do this right. If he was going to be at the peak of the Third Dimension, then he should get there with his full strength.

He turned his attention to [Dimensional Cleanse], but when he began to circulate its method, so much Force rushed toward him that he hurriedly stopped, his brows furrowing.

He looked up and seemed to understand.

Under the influence of his Constellation Realm, these Stars he was about to form... were not normal by any stretch of the imagination. In addition, their synergy with [Final Destruction] was beyond his imagination.

Leonel had a feeling that though his father disdained to use [Dimensional Cleanse] because the introduction was too arrogant, he had still used some of its ideas as inspiration...

Or maybe was it that he had used his father's ideas for inspiration when he created [Dimensional Cleanse]...?

It was obvious which one had to come first even though it felt like a chicken and the egg situation. Maybe it was because it was him, but he was more certain the more he thought about it.

Maybe [Dimensional Cleanse] was created purely for the sake of pairing with [Final Destruction].

Leonel began to form his Stars once more. This time, even when the world seemed to collapse beneath the pull of his will, he didn't stop it.

Earth Force. Dark Force. Dream Force. Universal Force. Bow Force. Spear Force. Vital Star Force.

Three Innate Nodes.

One by one, ten Stars took shape, becoming the suns of the ten Bubble Worlds within Leonel. With every breath he took, streams of rainbow-like Force poured into his body, and he was practically brimming with power.

They seemed to restrain his violent destruction, not making it weaker, but pulling it under his control.

Leonel's lips curled into a smile.