Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2476 Spar?

Leonel felt better than he had in a long time. He had been somewhat worried that that pain would linger, but it seemed to only be necessary during the formation of the Destruction World at the start. After that, everything was smooth sailing.

The best part was that it seemed that thanks to [Dimensional Cleanse], he didn't have to labor in his efforts to control the waves of Destruction. The Stars became a stabilizing Force and seemed to react to the existence of his Constellation Realm. Together, they formed the perfect balance, and his mind wasn't constantly occupied by other matters.

He felt strong and powerful, so much so that despite the pain, he was already looking forward toward what it would take to enter the Fourth Dimension.

Leonel shook his head, he was really getting way too ahead of himself. Even so, he took a look anyway. Knowing his father, the requirements would be strict so it would be best if he knew what they were now so that he could prepare properly in the future.

His bitter smile returned immediately.

[1 000 000 000 kilograms of Ninth Dimension Reinforced Urbe Ore]

[1 000 000 000 kilograms of Ninth Dimensional Mutated Evolution Ore]

[100 000 000 kilograms per Force Type]

[Elevate all Forces to the Middle Impetus State]

[Comprehend True Destruction Sovereignty]

[Complete Metal Body Tempering with Sixth Dimensional Pure Ores]

[Progress Constellation Realm from Rudimentary Comprehension to Common Comprehension]

[Rudimentary, Common, Black, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Life]

...

The list was so long it made Leonel's head spin. This was just the Fourth Dimension, what would he ask for the Fifth?

And True Destruction Sovereignty? Didn't he already have True Destruction Sovereignty?

Honestly, he was a bit confused.

The reason he had distinguished Spear Force with True Spear Force in the past was that the Domain Rings gave him an artificial version of it. However, his Destruction Sovereignty wasn't artificial, he had been born with it.

Was this one of those cases where he had already met the requirements ahead of time?

Leonel checked and shook his head after not too long. It seemed that he wasn't so lucky this time.

After questioning his father's AI, he began to understand a bit more. Then, it began to actually make sense.

His father wasn't born a Destruction Sovereign, he had comprehended it much like Leonel had with his Spear Force, Bow Force, and Dream Force.

Being born with a Sovereignty was excellent, but there were also clear stages to Sovereignty as well.

While Leonel did, in fact, have True Destruction Sovereignty, it wasn't at the level his father wanted it to be.

Essentially, his True Destruction Sovereignty was at the same level as his Constellation Realm, the Rudimentary level. But he needed to bring it up to the Common level before he could progress.

This was interesting to Leonel because he wondered if his Spear Force and Bow Force were the same. In fact, that oscillation in grade might be why his Weapon Forces seemed to be able to gain and lose their Sovereignty.

After checking, as expected, his Spear Force Sovereignty was, indeed, at the Common level, a step beyond that of his Destruction Sovereignty. The same was true of his Dream Sovereignty as well.

It seemed that comprehending a Sovereignty yourself allowed you to skip over the Rudimentary level. Leonel also reminded himself that he would have to bring his Bow Force back to the Sovereignty level soon, it had been too long.

'Why couldn't my Constellation Realm do the same?' Leonel complained.

Though he said this, he knew why.

Like his father had said, the only reason he could skip over the Cosmos Realm to begin with was that the Morales family as a whole had given their share of comprehension to form the Constellation in the first place.

Essentially, Leonel was heavily reliant on others to enter the Constellation Realm. Now, he would have to rely on himself to take that comprehension and make it his own.

Easy enough... right?

Leonel chuckled and shook his head.

Though the list was difficult, the one that gave him the most headache was the resources he would need. Where was he going to find that much Ninth Dimension material?

'Let's focus on the positives for now.' Leonel grinned and clenched his fists. He could finally feel his Lineage Factors and Innate Nodes again. His confidence had skyrocketed; it was time to make some waves.

...

On the surface, Eamon was still in shambles. He was working as hard as he could, racking his brain to figure out a method of dealing with all of this. But it was all useless.

Without the core of the mine, much of its power had already begun to leak and dissipate. It didn't have the driving force of evolution pushing it anymore.

However, he kept trying and doing his best, even though he knew he was being foolish.

Coming out here to the middle of nowhere was already foolish enough. Doing so when the Evolution Ore Mine no longer had that driving force that protected it from predators and humanoids alike was even more foolish.

He kept pushing his luck, coming back here again and again over weeks of time trying to salvage the unsalvageable. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

And he finally suffered for it.

The demon stood over him, its bull-like horns curving into the air as it looked down at Eamon, not sure of what to think of this scrawny little brat.

"You know, I've heard that human flesh is tasty. But you don't even have much of it. Should I fatten you up first?"

Eamon didn't understand the words the demon was speaking. He didn't have Leonel's near instant translation abilities, and even if he did it was doubtful that he'd be able to calm down enough to use them.

At that moment, though, the rustle of a few leaves and some soft footsteps shook the bull demon out of his focus.

He looked back to find a shirtless young man strolling through the forest, his bare fist gliding across the soft grass.

Then, he smiled.

"Oh, hello. I've got some new strength and I've yet to fight to test it out. How about a spar?"

-----

Erdiul's Note: New year! Same me! Hope you all had a great year, and if not, I hope the service I provided over the year made it a little bit better. It will continue though, how long? Not sure. I will notify when I do have to stop, and I will try to find a good replacement if possible. But that's for the unknown future. For now I will continue as usual. Let's hope we all have a great entry into 2024. Cheers mates.