Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2477 Low-Class

Let alone the demon, even Eamon was taken off guard. He obviously didn't recognize Leonel, but he could sense that this person was only in the Fifth Dimension. What was he doing?

"R-run!" Eamon cried out.

Leonel blinked, looking toward Eamon. He smiled, this guy wasn't too bad.

A growl left the demon's lips and its bull horns sparked with a peculiar Force that didn't seem to be related to lightning at all. Then it sneered, turning toward Leonel and suddenly rushing forward. Its fist bore down on Leonel so quickly that he seemed to teleport.

Eamon felt the ground collapse beneath him, the shaking so violent that he felt weightless for a moment. His expression changed as he tried to scramble to his feet, but by then Leonel and the bull demon had already met.

BANG.

Two fists clashed in the air, the reverberating impact compressing the air into a clap of thunder.

Leonel took a heavy step back but then pursed his lips and nodded to himself as though saying not bad. The demon, however, was sent flying backward, its body crashing through the restrictions that Eamon had put up to protect the mine and colliding with the hard walls.

Leonel shook his fist out, his knuckles throbbing a bit. This only lasted for a split second before his Vital Star Force healed him completely; in truth, he was being more theatrical than he needed to be. Even his attack was the worst he could have chosen.

One didn't temper their body until the Fourth Dimension, and Leonel hadn't begun practicing Metal Body again just yet. That meant that even with his base body being in the Third Dimension, without the support of any improvement, he could already send a Seventh Dimensional demon flying. It was only made more impressive by the fact demons of this caliber were well known for their bodily strength.

A roar shook the mine, and a streak of black and red rushed out in the form of a humanoid bull. Its fury towers as it bore down over Leonel.

'Alright, that's enough playing around.'

Leonel punched out again, but this time ten worlds were reflected in his irises. At that moment, his pale violet eyes looked as though it held countless swirling nebulas, the world being pulled into a forceful halt around him.

BANG.

The sound was muffled and almost undetectable. If you were just 20 meters away, you might not hear it at all.

The bull demon froze, looking down at its chest. Leonel's fist had been thrust all the way through it, but it didn't feel any pain. It was like any pain it should have felt was destroyed along with its body. Then it collapsed, its body shattering into a rainfall of ash and dissipated into the wind.

Leonel nodded. That demon should be in Tier 1 of the Seventh Star, and judging by its talent, it was around the same level as the cobra demon.

He didn't bother to use the original ranking system he learned the first time he came to the Cataclysm Zone because he already knew that it was manipulated to make the human alliance look better than they were.

Low, Middle, Higher Demons, were known as Low-Class Demons. Uncommon, Rare and Elite Demons came next, and they were known as Middle-Class Demons. Then there came High-Class Demons, they were Humanoid, Fiend and Chaos Demons.

Low, Middle, Higher, Uncommon, Rare, Elite, Humanoid, Fiend and finally Chaos.

According to the original ranking, the Cobra Demon was supposedly a Fiend Class Demon, and that would mean that this Bull Demon was also one.

But Leonel doubted it. He'd have to question someone about the real ranking eventually, but he got a bit too excited and killed this demon directly.

"Hey," Leonel called out to Eamon who was shell-shocked.

"You..." Eamon didn't know how to respond.

"What rank was this demon?" Leonel asked.

"Uh," Eamon was about to answer and then suddenly shook his head furiously. "Fiend Class."

Leonel smiled meaningfully. "I mean the real ranking," he said, emphasizing the word "real".

Eamon's eyes widened. "I... I don't know what you mean."

Leonel laughed, then changed the subject.

"The Light Force user you wanted to help out with this mine, who is it?"

Eamon was shaken again, and took a step back. His wariness was raised to the limit as his thumb touched his spatial ring, seemingly ready to bring out a talisman at the slightest notice.

Leonel shook his head. Like he had thought, this young man was smart, and quite sharp, but his overly cautious nature was holding him back. He had the right to be cautious about Leonel, but the problem was that he should understand how far the gap between them was and adjust. But he wasn't thinking clearly.

Leonel's gaze flashed with a silvery blue light and Eamon suddenly felt his connection with his spatial ring cut off entirely. He couldn't even see the inside of it any longer. This was the same trick Leonel had used against Eduardo. Ultimately, you had to use some form of Soul Force or Dream Force to communicate with a spatial device to pull things out or put things in. It was a simple matter for Leonel to suppress that if he had to.

"Let's talk like normal people, alright? I know you come from that underground city, there's no reason to try and hide it. I also know where it is already, so I don't really need you to help me find it."

Eamon's heart quaked, but the words seemed to finally calm him down somewhat. In the end, wasn't he helpless regardless?

"Good. Now the demon?" Leonel asked. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It's... It's a Lower Low-Class Demon."

Leonel grinned. He had expected that there would be some warping in the rankings, but to think it would be that exceptional. The human alliance was truly pathetic.

"Are there unranked demons?" Leonel asked.

"Yes... the unranked demons are usually those without any intelligence."

"Now, the person you wanted to help?"

Eamon froze up again.