Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2478 The Nerd

Leonel decided to let Eamon off the hook. He didn't really need to know, honestly. Given the circumstances, and the risks Eamon was willing to take, this was obviously someone he cared deeply about.

As for the matter of the Bull Demon being a Low-Class Demon, he wasn't very shocked by this either. The demons were a powerful race overall, and the Bubble Worlds of demons acting now were unlikely to have demons stronger than the Low-Class.

This was to mean that most of the fighters were probably Lower Low-Class Demons, with the strongest probably being Middle Low-Class. There might only be one or two Higher Low-Class demons if any at all. This was just someone that Leonel concluded using common sense. If the Bull Demon and Cobra Demons were only considered Low-Class, and yet this was the best Class of demons the human geniuses just below the likes of the Godlens and the Four Great Families could battle, then there was no way there were any demons of much higher rank.

If there was a Middle-Class Demon present or better, the human alliance would have already been wiped out. This was a good thing for Leonel as well. In his opinion, the Demoness had to be Middle-Class at worst. He had no proof of this, and it was just a gut feeling-a conservative one at that. He didn't believe that anything less could force his father into such a corner.

That meant that there was no way she would be part of this invasion even if she was pulling some strings in the background. This gave the humans more of a chance.

Leonel obviously had no love lost for the human alliance, but there were many innocent people tied with them as well. It wasn't as though he was willing to see the last bastion of human power wiped off the face of the map.

Even so, he couldn't let them have their way either. He would need to play both sides and thread the needle.

The more powerful he became, the more confident he was in doing this. He had already shifted his attention toward his Metal Body and building his foundation up again.

"Do you know who the main players of the demons are?" Leonel asked. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Eamon sighed a breath of relief when Leonel didn't press him. He really didn't want to talk about her with a stranger.

"The Bull Demons, the Cobra Demons, and the Lust Demons are the main powers. However, above them, there are the Sun Demons and the Moon Demons, they're Middle Low-Class."

Eamon hesitated halfway but eventually finished. He knew that he had just been manipulated into answering, but there was really no other choice.

"Interesting," Leonel nodded. "Alright, you can go."

Eamon's eyes widened. "You... You're letting me go just like that?"

"What, you want me to eat you?"

"You... You're Leonel Morales, right?"

Leonel raised an eyebrow before he smiled. "You sure know a lot. Your standing must be high amongst that rebel army."

"No... Not really. I just have a... a friend who tells me a lot."

"A friend, huh?"

"So you are him?"

"The one and only."

Eamon hesitated again, knowing what he wanted to say, but not sure if he should ask. He eventually gritted his teeth, since he had already exposed himself by calling out Leonel's name, he might as well.

"... Can you tell me how you did it?" Eamon eventually forced it out, his eyes sparkling with a hint of worship.

"Did what?" Leonel laughed.

"How did you escape Godlen City? That place is like a fortress! And I heard that they even deployed the formation. You know, that formation was put up personally by a Life State Crafter, it's on a whole other level. Even the Sun and Moon Demons couldn't blast through it, it's one of the reasons though the worlds have fused, there've only been small scale scrums until now-!"

Eamon realized he was talking too much and stopped himself. But he still eagerly looked toward Leonel for an answer.

"A bit of grit, a bit of luck, and a lot of stupid Ninth Dimensional 'experts'," Leonel eventually replied, an amused light in his eyes.

This wasn't the kind of answer Eamon wanted; he wanted a true step-by-step breakdown, but he knew that it would be too much to actually ask for such a thing so he threw it to the back of his mind.

"You should come with me. You would be a huge asset to the Slayer Legion! We really need the help of people like you!"

"The Slayer Legion?" Leonel asked with a raised eyebrow.

Was it a coincidence? Why did they share the same name as the rebel army of Earth? Was this a pawn of his grandfather?

He had extremely bad luck joining organizations, so he had no intention of joining up with those people until he was at least at the peak of the Fourth Dimension. He felt with the current progression of his strength, that should give him the right to defend himself and retreat safely.

But the name made him hesitate.

As for why his grandfather didn't tell him about this... did he not?

Backtracking to his grandfather's words, he said that the Godlens were on the side of the greater good. But what if he wasn't referring to the Godlens themselves, but rather their world?

Was it a coincidence that the Slayer Legion was located in Godlen territory? Was that the clue?

'Hm...' Leonel thought for a long while. Then he nodded.

"Alright, let's go."

Eamon's eyes widened. He didn't expect Leonel to accept so readily.

Leonel snapped his fingers, and then his brothers appeared one after another.

"An adventure?" James asked, wrapping an arm around Leonel's neck. "Who's the nerd?"

"The 'nerd' is probably stronger than you," Leonel replied.

"Bullshit! Fight me," James stepped forward, taking his arm back and rubbing his fist.

"Uh... This..." Eamon took a step back, not wanting any trouble. He suddenly wondered if he made the right choice.