Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2479 Pants Down

Leonel reclined in a chair, his legs up on the desk before him. Across from him, his father-in-law sat. Compared to Leonel, Miel's posture was ramrod and straight. He looked like a disciplined general as he stared at Leonel. Leonel's brothers sat around him, each one facing another group of elites of the Slayer Legion. The atmosphere was quite stiff and rigid. Well, mostly. Because Leonel himself was still smiling and he felt that the situation wasn't too bad.

What was amusing was that Miel hadn't asked about Aina even once, but when Leonel thought about it, it made sense. In Miel's view, he probably already had a contingency plan in place for his daughter. The main issue was that he had no idea that Aina had died once, throwing his plans for a loop.

As for Leonel, he was content to let him keep thinking that. If Aina was here, who knew whose side she'd be on? She might even try to get back at him for that situation in the Cult; it was best she didn't know for now.

"So, Adam-"

Miel's gaze flashed with rage, causing Leonel's words to pause. Did he get the name wrong? Or was it that he didn't like the fact he was calling him by his first name? Leonel had no idea that Miel had changed his name. The name he remembered was spoken by one of Simeon's werebeasts back when Leonel first found the Domain Ring and the Segmented Cube in his basement. His memory was near infallible, so he was certain that he got the name right, so he thought it was probably the latter. What did this man expect him to call him? Sir?

Leonel wasn't going to do that. He was a pushover for Aina, but that didn't extend toward her father. He'd rather rot.

"Father-in-law?" Leonel changed his words, teasingly.

Miel's temper flared again beneath Leonel's smile.

"You see what I'm saying? I knew this was a bad idea," Raj sighed, rubbing his forehead. "Cap's luck with organizations is truly in the shitter."

Leonel rolled his lips over themselves, not wanting to burst into a fit of laughter. Truthfully, though this situation seemed tense, he was actually far more comfortable here. Since Miel was here, he was even more confident that this Slayer Legion was related to his grandfather.

Leonel didn't know Miel's history, but for him to have a child with a woman of Earth, he had to have some interaction with his grandfather. He might even be a valued subordinate of Emperor Fawkes.

"Watch your words. Don't put hats on my daughter she doesn't want to wear."

"She doesn't?" Leonel blinked in confusion, but to Miel it looked quite mocking. All he could remember was the last time he had seen Leonel, those cruel words he had said to his daughter. It felt like Leonel was trying to slap him in the face.

BANG.

Miel stood to his feet. This time, his palms directly shattered the table, causing Leonel to lose his foot rest. His fist appeared before Leonel's face in an instant, the overbearing might of an Eighth Dimensional expert bearing down Leonel.

'Fuck...' Was all Leonel got to think before he was sent flying. He broke out of the windows of the meeting room, flying across the street and into the building across from them.

"Miel!"

Miel didn't seem to hear it at all. He was like an enraged beast as he pursued.

To his surprise, though, he found that Leonel and already stood to his feet.

"Old man, I have a lot of patience for the woman I love, but you're not going to get the same benefit. Don't test my bottom line," Leonel said in a low tone.

Miel saw red.

Another fist came down, this one even more overbearing than the last. Since Leonel could still talk such nonsense, clearly he had held back too much.

Leonel's gaze flashed.

[Domain].

[Universe].

[Finality].

He activated all three at the same time. The pressure of several Impetus State Forces bore down on Miel, slowing him down considerably. Then [Universe] descended and the friction between the air and Miel's fist increased so much that he practically slowed to a crawl.

With a violent whoosh, Leonel's fist bypassed Miel's own and collided right in the nose.

Ciara rushed up to the edge of the shattered glass, looking to stop Miel from doing something foolish, only to find him flying right back toward her.

Her eyes widened as she made a move to catch Miel, but before she could, a dense Force erupted from her, pushing her and everyone else back while nearly blowing the roof off the building.

"Boy!"

"I'm getting really tired of people calling me that," Leonel sneered. "I'm 26 years old. The person who had the right to call me that is already dead."

Miel's crimson hair fluttered, his brows looking as though they had become live flames.

"MIEL!" Cidra roared again.

The words seemed to finally get through and Miel looked over to look at the destruction he had caused. He looked down at his hands and shook his head. He had let his temper get the best of him.

Just when he was about to say something, a loud, blaring warning noise echoed.

The expressions of everyone changed. They knew what those blaring noises meant, someone was attacking the Slayer Legion.

"Report!" Miel roared.

Soon, a talisman that appeared in his hand lit up.

"Commander! The Godlens have sent an army."

Miel frowned, this was nonsense. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The location of the Slayer Legion was a secret, but it wasn't to the point that true powerhouses couldn't find them with enough effort. The real reason they had never been attacked was that it was far too troublesome to deal with. There were thousands of kilometers worth of underground tunnels here, and their strength wasn't bad. Given they had to deal with the demons, trying to deal with them would have dealt too great a blow to their strength.

Leonel looked up into the skies and information was brought back to him by Anastasia even faster.

100 000 Seventh Dimensional experts led by a thousand Eight Dimensional experts.

It didn't constitute the full power of the Godlens by any means, but they probably didn't want to risk being stabbed in the back.

Plus, this timing seemed ridiculous to Miel, but to Leonel, it was perfect.

This was the moment the Slayer Legion was the most relaxed, the moment where they thought the Godlens would be too occupied by the demons to consider them.

And now they had gotten caught with their pants down.