Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2480 Gotcha

As everyone was ready to panic, Leonel's brothers appeared around him.

"What're we doing, Cap?" Milan grinned. He looked like he was ready to bash some heads in already. The group completely ignored the other leaders around them.

"Well, looks like some killing's in order," Leonel replied with a smile.

"This is Slayer Legion territory, this isn't a place you can do as you please. If you insist, we will detain you right here and now." Miel spoke calmly, having regained his bearings.

This time, the others agreed with Miel. It wasn't that they thought that Leonel might be a spy or someone sent to stab them in the back. If the Godlens really made such an elaborate plan they could only bend over and take, quite frankly. Instead, they didn't want military order to be disrupted.

A squadron of powerful existences who went off to do their own thing would be an annoying thing to deal with, and it could end up costing many their lives. They couldn't allow it.

Leonel sent his father-in-law a smile, and then more experts began to appear around him.

"Anastasia, activate the best of my mask protocols. I'll need one."

"Gotcha..."

Soon, a mask appeared in Leonel's hand. Several of them, in fact.

He passed them out to his brothers and each one was outfitted with a sleek black mask that seemed to absorb all the light that bounced toward it. Other than the two slits they had for eyes, there were no other holes or openings, and those around them found that even using their Internal Sight didn't help in seeing what was underneath.

Truthfully, the masks were a bit shoddy compared to what Leonel's current abilities could create. He had created them for the sake of the Morales. It wasn't just this, but he had allowed Anastasia to scan the making of several potential mass-producible items. It was just that he never got around to actually using them until now.

Elorin appeared out of this air and Leonel tossed him a mask.

"You'll be with me today," Leonel said.

Elorin looked down at the mask in his hands and then silently put it on. He didn't have a word to say, he didn't feel like it was necessary. His life was in Leonel's hands anyway. His white tracksuit was buffeted by the wind and he looked to play every part of the role of assassin... well, if he wasn't so infatuated with such bright colors.

"Goggles," Leonel called out the next guest.

Honestly, he wanted to call out Amery and Noah as well, but those two were still recuperating. The Head Researcher had done quite a number on them and it was best to let them rest some more before throwing them out into such a battle.

Seeing that Leonel had pulled out a Fourth Dimensional boy, the others were even more speechless.

Goggles, though, looked incomparably excited. This was odd for Leonel, especially since he was used to this guy dragging his feet for everything he did. But he could only sigh in the end.

The Goggles of now was different. He wasn't as familiar with Leonel, and given Leonel's understanding of his character, one of Goggles' most important protective mechanisms was in blending in.

He was probably pretending to be eager now just so that Leonel didn't harm him.

Leonel had too many people to juggle, and he felt like he was neglecting some of them one way or another.

However, at this point, Leonel didn't really have another choice. He pointed toward Goggles' forehead and a large stream of information entered the latter's head. With the ability to expel his Dream Force, he had gained a whole host of new abilities, most of which were more minor like this.

Goggles was suddenly overwhelmed with a large amount of information, all of which were related to the armies above.

This was the one limitation of Goggles' Ability Index, Karmic Puppet. In order to make proper predictions about the future, he needed information.

Giving this information to a Fourth Dimensional expert was a potential weak point in Leonel's defenses, but he had already taken this into account. So long as Goggles spent most of his time in the Segmented Cube, his mind should be safe from the obstruction of others. In addition, once he grew stronger, he wouldn't be limited by this matter any longer at all.

Goggles finally absorbed the information and then blinked in confusion.

"What would you like me to do, Sir?"

"What's the main target of the enemy?"

"I don't have enough information." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Leonel saw that Goggles took the fact that he knew about his Ability Index in stride. But once again, this was in line with what Leonel knew about this character.

Leonel nodded. "Let me be more specific, then. Where will they attack first?"

Goggles blinked. "They only have information about two of six main entrances to this underground city. They will focus their attacks from there. It's just that they're also aware that there are likely more, so they're spreading around and pretending as though they have everything in hand before they take swift action at these two entrances. The plan is that by the time you all notice, your forces will be too dispersed to react properly."

Leonel grinned. And this was what Goggles was here for.

After a moment, Goggles pointed out where the two entrances and Leonel immediately made a move, the others following him quickly. As for Goggles, he put him away. This was all Leonel needed for now.

A shadow moved to block Leonel's path. It wasn't just Miel, but a whole host of others of the Slayer Legion. Leonel had treated their words like air, but how could they stand such a thing?

"Wife!" Leonel called out.

Aina appeared by Leonel's side, looking around with one hint of confusion, and another hint of annoyance. Why was this man called her wife again-

Aina's eyes widened when she saw her father.

"Yes, yes. Cute reunion time. People are trying to kill us above. Good, good. Let's go."

Leonel took Aina's hand with one of his own and used the other to slap a mask on her face.

Seeing his daughter not even resist, Miel stood in silence. He didn't even know who to direct his rage at this time.