Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2482 Too

Sergeant Moe held up a hand, his gaze boiling with fire.

In the desolate wasteland they stood in, it looked as though their armies were completely unorganized. In the eyes of anyone observing the situation, it would look as though they were still preparing to arrange themselves, but the reality was that they were in a perfect position. At his signal, the troops and battalions in the distance would be able to do an about-face in the shortest time, turning and rushing to complete a full-force attack on their two chosen points in an instant.

According to the plan, the Slayer Legion would find themselves divided, defending several points, when in reality they were concentrated in just two. They would be able to deal them a swift blow. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

As for a potential pincer, Sergeant Moe was perfectly prepared for this. What use would there be in a pincer if their annihilation speed was even faster-

BOOM.

The ground before them exploded.

The small entrance that Eamon had used to sneak into the Slayer Legion's underground city wasn't considered to be a real entrance. At best, it was an emergency hatch that could be used to sneak away the young and the old should the situation arise.

The true entrances, the six main entrances that Goggles mentioned, were enormous. They were huge mechanical slabs covered in dense patches of dirt. It looked like an underground hangar's door, lifting up on an incline and revealing an exit that was 20 meters wide.

However, it wasn't meant to open nearly so explosively. It was only because Leonel had purposely broken the mechanisms, causing the two mechanical arms to explode upward with far more strength than they should normally.

The result was a huge amount of dirt filling the air, and some of the scattered soldiers were even sent flying, ripping through the air at astonishing speeds.

However, these soldiers were just the minority. Sergeant Moe was one of the thousand Eighth Dimensional existences that were leading these troops, as such he knew exactly where the entrance was. He wouldn't organize his shoulders to stand right on top of it.

It was too late to consider this matter. He immediately swept forward with his Internal Sight to get an understanding of what was going on through all the smoke and dirt.

To his horror, his Internal Sight was suppressed a mere centimeter from his body, causing a flashing to go off in his mind. He had trained his senses on his Internal Sight, so at that moment he was like a mortal who suddenly had his eyes covered with a sleeping mask. The matter was enough to disorient him and the other soldiers for that matter, for just a split second.

And that split second was enough for the carnage to begin.

Leonel and his brothers exploded out of the hangar. The inclined metal door had been ripped upward with such force that it flew from its hinges.

Raj raised a hand up to the sky, his Ability Index taking control of the Earth Force that forged the metal.

With a roar, he swung his arm out, using the 20-meter wide metal door like a spinning blade.

Veins bulged across his forehead, the weight making him feel as though his arm would be ripped from its socket. Even so, he managed to pull it down and devastation reigned.

The door had been forged of over a million kilograms of Seventh Dimension Reinforced Urbe Ore. When it was thrown out with such force and from such a height, only carnage could follow.

Leonel and his brothers rushed out. There wasn't even the wave of cries one would expect. Most of the warriors that died didn't even know what was happening until it was too late.

However, following the deaths came a loud boom, one that kicked up an even more violent wind of dust, dirt, and soil.

"Wife, those Eighth Dimensional experts are yours. Kill them all."

Aina grinned, it was just unfortunate that that infatuating appearance was hidden beneath her mask.

It had been a long time since she was truly able to let loose. However, if there was anything she could rank second to her love of Leonel...

It was battle.

Her battle ax appeared in her fair and slender hands, a blood red light surrounding her as she vanished.

A great amount of blood pooled into the skies, forming roses of death one after another.

Leonel didn't even need to look. His confidence in his Aina would never waver.

"Milan, James."

The two tanks took the vanguard, slamming their fists together and forming a pair of shields as Leonel took out his bow.

Others couldn't see through all the dust, but how could Leonel not? As for his suppression of Soul Force in the region, he would easily select who he did and didn't want to influence.

This would be an all-out slaughter.

"Go wild," Leonel said with a grin.

His arrows blurred, filling the skies. Large amounts of Bow Force and Universe Force filled each one, along with a healthy pulse of Destruction.

Many died before the arrows even touched them, others were so devastated that it looked as though a bomb had gone off in the region, exploding and leaving them falling in a hail of ash.

Joel and Emna took the role of supporting their forward offense. Behind James and Milan's shields, they advanced and retreated as they pleased, their blades flickering with streaks of blood that almost looked akin to crimson shooting stars dancing across the skies.

Drake stood shoulder to shoulder with Leonel, a sniper rifle being held up to his eye. With every shot he took, another soldier fell. There was a mysterious strength swirling around him and it looked like he was dancing on the very edge of something new.

At the same time, Aina appeared and vanished as she pleased across the battlefield. None of the Sergeants could last even a single strike and Eighth Dimensional experts fell like flies.

She appeared before Sergeant Moe in a sudden flash.

"Aren't you the one who chased him?"

The voice was so gorgeous, and yet to Sergeant Moe, it was like the reaper's call.

"Then you can die too."

He felt nothing. Even as his head spun through the air, the dust was too thick for him to even see his headless body in his final moments.