Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2485 Talented Couple

"What do you think?"

On a far-off mountain, a distance so far away that it was impossible to fathom how, a group of demons stood, observing the battle below.

The one that spoke was a gorgeous woman with skin that looked as though it was painted with silver. Her hair was like a waterfall of white, and her armor was a black-steel color, glowing with a majestic light.

To her side, there was a young man, just as handsome as she was beautiful. His hair was a bed of flowing flames, and his skin looked painted with bronze and brass.

One had eyeballs that looked carefully shaped from a white pearl. The other looked as though a ruby was polished and placed into his skull.

Neither had pupils, and both exuded an aura of majesty.

The two were not alone. Behind them, there were three teams of demons.

One was a group of five Bull Demons. They had skin shaded a fierce red and a pair of horns on their foreheads, something that both the males and females shared. Regardless of who it was, they dressed with scant beast skins, and their physiques were simply on an entirely different level, brimming with muscles.

The second group was one that Leonel had never come across before, at least not in these numbers. They had humanoid bodies and cobra-shaped heads, their hoods flickering with gorgeous patterns as though adorned with ancient and obscure runes.

They weren't a uniform color like the Bull Demons, but regardless of what shades their scales were dominated by, they were absolutely beautiful creatures. Each individual scale shone like a polished gem.

The final group was somehow even more scantily clad than the Bull Demons. They had pale purple skin and some faint tattoos around their necks, wrists, ankles-though the most prominent were on their lower bellies. However, other than this, they looked no different than regular humans aside from the fact each and every one of them had model-worthy looks.

The men wore thongs that placed a little too much attention on their packages. The women wore a thin gauze skirt and a band across their chest that left little to the imagination; it could be seen right through.

Regardless of male or female, they all wore chokers that made them look more like slaves than warriors of the Demon Race that weren't to be trifled with.

The one who talked was the young man with bronzed skin. Unsurprisingly, he was a member of the Sun Demons. Though, it was more accurate to say that the Sun and Moon Demons were actually just one race.

The women became Moon Demons and the men became Sun Demons. Each had a path that either went toward extreme yin or extreme yang. Together, especially when they fought in their matrimonial pairs, their strength was far more than just one plus one equal two. They could easily exhibit strength far beyond themselves. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"The rebel army has a Dream Force expert, and it is hard to see with just my eyes alone."

The Moon Demon spoke as though it was just natural that she should be able to see from so many thousands of kilometers away. In fact, she sounded a hint uncomfortable that she could not.

"I felt the same," the young man replied. "The way the Godlens fought, it seemed like they might play a stronger role than we thought. Just one man foolhardy enough to call himself King gave us so much trouble for all these years."

"Do you believe that this one is so troublesome?"

"Probably the best genius of the Human Race, but they're in the rebel army?" The Moon Demon asked.

"They don't even seem to be part of the rebel army, those masked figures looked like they were working on their own-"

"Apologies, Moon Adru, Sun Khelgis, I have something of importance to report."

A female Bull Demon took a step forward after taking a look at a male Bull Demon.

If Leonel and Aina had been here, they would have recognized these two. The male was none other than Larkan, and the woman was, of course, Oriza. These were two of the four Bull Demons that Leonel and Aina had fought in the in-between world.

"Speak," Khelgis said calmly.

"I believe I recognize the aura of the Blood Force user?"

"You do?" Khelgis raised an eyebrow, though it looked no different from a line of flames dancing on his forehead.

"Yes. In the in-between world, we reported the potential existence of species of demons that managed to survive after millennia of entrapment. Two of our squad of four died at her hands."

"You're saying that they were in-between world, in Cult territory, and are now here, in Godlen territory."

"To the best of my knowledge, yes."

"And you reported that they were having sex?"

A giggle came from the Lust Demons. They had originally been blamed for this matter, but even they had more restraint than that. That said, they respected it. They suddenly wanted to meet this couple very much.

Khelgis' gaze flickered. The reason the sex was important wasn't that he was a pervert, but rather because in his world, a woman of such talent couldn't possibly pair with anyone other than someone of equivalent talent. This was how things worked among the Sun and Moon Demons. Trying to marry a woman who was beyond you would just get you killed.

Then, in all likelihood, unless there was somehow another astounding talent related to this group, the Dream Force genius was a man and more than likely the woman's partner.

It was an interesting piece of information... he could use this.