Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2497 Someone

'Hm?'

Leonel's eyes narrowed. He could feel some uncomfortable pressures forming around him.

Being a Dream Sovereign allowed him more than just access to the Dream Plane before entering the Life State. Or, maybe more accurately than that, the Dream Plane had much more to offer than what it seemed.

Usually, with Internal Sight, one could only sense what was within their range. However, when one transcended beyond this and began to use the Dream Plane as their main mode of sensory information, it was possible to begin to get a feel for what was outside of your range.

This wasn't to say that Leonel could see things clearly outside of said range, but he could feel various things, things like intent, will, and powerful presences. The more intention such existences had toward him, the easier it was to feel.

The power of Dream Force, especially at these high levels, wasn't to be underestimated. It was for this reason that Leonel's father and grandfather had to be so cautious with how much they told him.

The only drawback was that these feelings were incredibly subtle and easy to ignore if Leonel wasn't paying careful attention. This was especially so since he didn't have the luxury of having someone else to guide him and could only make his path forward on his own.

However, at this moment, he was in an incredibly focused state. He knew that he was walking into danger, so how could he not be on high alert?

He frowned, looking around. But he didn't sense anything, and he was even more hesitant to allow Anastasia to check things out for him. Who knew who was lingering in the shadows? The fact the feeling was so subtle meant that whoever it was likely hadn't quite sensed him yet.

'How far am I from the mine? Maybe three or so kilometers?'

Leonel thought to himself, his mind churning. He looked toward the ground, hesitating.

"Little Tolly."

Leonel spoke as he pressed his Tolliver-coated hand to the ground. He was a bit reluctant to do this as he didn't know how well Tolliver would fare, but this was the best idea he could think of. At least for now, he wasn't willing to charge in a different way.

'The fact I sensed this person, though, should mean that they aren't a Dream Force expert. Once I'm down below, I can take the chance since they won't be able to get to me easily even if I am wrong.'

Tolliver devoured through the earth as though it was clay, processing it and turning it into a substance that Leonel could easily manipulate with his Earth Force.

This was honestly the reason why Leonel put so little effort into his Earth Force. Aside from meeting his father's requirements of raising it to the Impetus State, he very rarely used it. Other Forces were just far more forgiving.

However, the strong suit of Earth Force was that it was everywhere for the most part, and yet even with its Impetus State version, it was so hard to move earth normally.

The ground was too sturdy and too robust to casually use in battle. And if it could be easily manipulated, then it would be too weak to use in battle.

For now, the best use of Earth Force for Leonel seemed to be using it in conjunction with [Domain] to suppress other Earth Force users or using it to maximize his Metal Body.

'Earth Force can't really be so weak...'

These were casual thoughts Leonel had as he disappeared deeper and deeper into the ground, using his Earth Force to fill in the hole with the softer, refined rocks Tolliver spit out.

When he was about 50 meters below ground, he began making his way toward the mine.

"Anastasia, check the surroundings for me. I felt something weird."

Images flashed in Leonel's mind. He breathed out a sigh of relief every time they passed through a demon who didn't react to Anastasia's scan.

Unfortunately, it didn't last long.

'Shit.' Leonel cursed.

...

'Hm?'

A Lust Demon looked up, her large violet eyes blinking. She had sensed something weird just now.

Lust Demons weren't known for their bodily strength like many other demons, or their elemental affinities like the Cobra Demons. They were experts in the senses, in illusions, and in control. They might not be Dream Force masters, but all of them were Soul Force masters, and they had powerful methods of protecting their minds and boosting their senses as well.

"Alysa?"

A Bull Demon with a raging hard-on noticed the Lust Demon's weird reaction immediately. He was tired of being teased by this woman and was ready to pounce, but she had actually pulled back just now.

In truth, he expected this sort of thing. Lust Demons, especially their women, were very conniving and loved being teases, but they rarely casually bedded anyone. And even when you did manage to con your way into their bed, it was more likely that you were the one to have been conned instead. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Of course, this wasn't to say that these women were prudes or protective of their chastity. This was far from the case. It was rather that if they were going to drain someone, it would be of their chastity.

It was said that they could only grow powerful by taking down men with strong wills. The men who were so easily swayed by their bouncing breasts and swaying hips were exactly the kind they disdained the most.

How would they grow stronger if they only drained these average men?

Alysa ignored the Bull Demon, the palm she had pressed to his chest suddenly gaining a great amount of strength. No matter how hard the Bull Demon tried to close the distance, he couldn't take even a single step.

"Someone is here." Alysa flipped a fair, violet palm and pulled out a communication treasure.

"Young master, the Dream Force expert is here but I couldn't pinpoint his location."