Chapter 2498 Digging

eonel shook his head. He knew that this would happen, but this was unexpected.

According to Anastasia, only those with Life State Dream Force should be able to sense her, but her comprehension of Forces were only limited to their uses in raw form. This was why Leonel had always been so cautious with how he used her, especially since he noticed how limited her mental faculties were.

She was probably correct, but the problem was that there were techniques like [Domain], [Universe], and [Finality] out there. The Godlens weren't the only ones to have such broken techniques, and techniques didn't necessarily need to be so powerful to give Forces such unexpected effects either.

Of course, this wasn't to say that these techniques gave his enemies the power of a Life State technique. If that was possible, the humans wouldn't be in such a sorry state.

Rather, it was that techniques allowed a shortcut for weaker Forces to display abilities usually only allowed by more powerful Forces. This Alysa character definitely didn't have Dream Force anywhere near the Life State. In fact, she only had Half-Step Impetus State Soul Force from what Leonel could tell.

And yet, this was the situation.

'The human alliance is actually so pathetic. A Seventh Dimensional demon is doing something their Ninth Dimensional powerhouses couldn't...'

There was good news, though. Her weak Force showed. At the very least, she couldn't track the source of the senses that just washed over her.

The question was whether Leonel could allow Anastasia to go all out and get him a full lay of the land, or if he should pull back.

"Go all out," Leonel said.

Soon, the images in Leonel's mind continued to flicker by faster and faster.

Of the Lust Demons, only Alysa sensed him. Of the Bull Demons, none did. Of the Cobra Demons, there were actually two. However, the Cobra Demons didn't seem to sense him due to a powerful Force. Instead, their tongues slithered in and out of their mouths as though tasting the air. Then, they suddenly stood straighter, their slit eyes becoming wary.

Leonel took note of this and slotted it in the back of his mind. And finally, he saw them.

A man with bronze skin, not a normal tan color, but it truly looked as though he had been cast by the metal.

By his side, there was a woman with similar cast silver skin.

Sun and Moon Demons. Leonel recognized them immediately and his expression became serious as both of them turned their heads toward his general location.

Leonel pulled back after getting the information he needed.

For whatever reason, the demons had only sent their juniors forward. Even the strongest of them was only at the Quasi Eighth Dimension.

Leonel didn't believe it was because they were weak, but there had to be a different reason entirely. Remembering the flash of Dream Force he sensed earlier, he wondered if these matters were related.

His heart skipped several beats as his agitation grew. He really wanted to know what that pulse of Dream Force was all about to make even the demons react like this.

Leonel shot forward even faster, reaching the outer regions of the mine. But at that moment, he began to sense that Little Tolly was struggling, and they had no choice but to slow down.

Urbe Ore was known for its toughness, and this would only be doubly so for Ninth Dimensional Urbe Ore. This made the ground around them particularly hard as well just by virtue of its influence, which was why it became even harder for Leonel to use his Earth Force properly.

Khelgis appeared in the last region he sensed Leoenl in a flash, the red orbs that were his eyes rolling back and forth with great speed. But he actually didn't see or sense anything.

It was clear that Khelgis had yet to realize that Leonel had been underground. In fact, even though he and Adru had sensed the general region, it was only to a resolution of about 100 meters in diameter. They were only certain that Leonel had been here, at some point, within a hundred meters.

Khelgis' eyes narrowed, and then he suddenly looked at the ground. But he immediately shook his head.

That would be impossible. The ground here was far too hard.

Even if he knew Leonel was 50 meters below ground, it would take him several minutes of effort to get down there. By then, Leonel would have already moved. The only way was to find the trail of soft earth Leonel had left behind, but that was already easier said than done considering how perfectly Leonel had hidden himself.

Khelgis fell into his thoughts, and every one of the other demons didn't dare to breathe too loudly.

'No, it can only be the ground.'

Khelgis' eyes flashed, and a searing heat rose. And then, he peered directly toward the ground below.

His senses passed right through the earth, digging deeper and deeper.

Everyone knew that sweeping your senses through the ground was much harder than through the air. Earth Force was finicky for more existences than just Earth Force users. However, that didn't mean it was impossible.

At first, Khelgis saw nothing until he froze.

There was a path of Earth his senses swept through much more easily than the rest of it, as though it was loosely packed dirt instead of solid ground.

His aura flared. He knew it; Leonel was actually underground.

With a flash, he began to move, picking a direction and rushing toward it.

He didn't find Leonel, but he found the next best thing: an entrance.

"Larkan."

"Yes!" A familiar Bull Demon rushed forward.

"Start digging."

Larkan was taken off guard, but he didn't hesitate. How could he dare to ignore the orders of a Sun Demon?

He punched at the ground, but to his surprise, it actually split apart with great ease. Usually, the earth was incredibly hard, especially here where the high-level Urbe Ore had a great influence.

Throwing that to the back of his mind, he continued to tunnel downward. In a single breath, he had already entered the earth by more than 20 meters and was more than halfway down.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com