Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2500 Cheat Code

Leonel felt the response echo in his mind again and again.

He had deviated? That wasn't in regard to not following his father's previous plan, so it must refer to the mutation in his Lineage Factor? But hadn't his father known about the Constellation? So how could he not know about this?

Leonel's brows shot up as he remembered something. Wasn't the Midas family's portion of the Lineage about swallowing flames? Is that what his father meant?

According to what he knew, the Midas family could swallow flames to heal themselves and restore their vitality, something that was perfectly analogous to the Morales family's abilities, albeit somewhat muted.

Was he supposed to swallow flames to make it part of his Metal Body? Or would it be a Metal Fire Body at that point?

In truth, Leonel never really thought about that ability of the Midas. He just threw all three portions of the Lineage Factor into the same box and summarized them as "increasing his vitality". But was that true?

The Radix could give life to inorganic material. The Florer could give character to organic material, even incorporating it into their bodies and making them part of their strength, almost like vitality-sharing. And the Midas could absorb flames to add to their vitality.

They were all vaguely related to vitality in some way, with some subtle differences between them. But the reason Leonel could realize that these abilities were closely related to the former Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was precisely the same reason that they all blended together in his mind.

Another person might not have seen that they were connected at all. But because Leonel had, it had actually been holding him back until now. Or was it?

It was all a bit confusing because in the past, they had indeed been separate Lineage Factors. But weren't they all one now? And the worst part was that this same Lineage Factor, before he could get a feel for what it was, had also fused with the corrupted Spear Domain Lineage Factor.

It was no wonder, then, that Leonel was flying a bit blind.

In fact, this wasn't even the intention of the Demoness in the first place. The Lineage Factor she wanted to create was one that fused the Morales, Radix, Midas and Florer Lineage Factors, but the Spear Domain Lineage Factor was never part of that original deal.

In fact, compared to a Lineage Factor personally constructed by the Demoness, what was one created by the Godlen family worth? Well, aside from the fact the latter used a technique as powerful as [Domain] as the foundation. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel shifted his focus and felt that he could be putting more effort into understanding this Unnamed Lineage Factor of his. The question was how he should do this.

He sighed. He had gotten used to having his father's guidance every step of the way, but without it, he felt like he was aimless again.

He had made more progress in the last few weeks than he maybe had ever before, and that was because he knew exactly what to do and when to do it. But this...

'The Silver Tablet.' Leonel concluded.

"Hey, Tolliver, you think this mine could help you enter the Seventh Dimension?"

**Bloop, Blip!

The sound was a little different and Leonel laughed as he wondered if Tolliver would soon create his own language.

Unfortunately, the response was uncertain. It seemed that even with a whole Ninth Dimensional mine at its disposal, Tolliver was unsure about whether it would be enough to rise to the Seventh Dimension.

"Alright, focus on eating for now and see how much progress you can make."

*Bloop, Bloop.

Leonel blinked. An image entered his mind and when he saw it, he laughed.

Tolliver wanted the core of the Evolution Ore Mine. It seemed that he would be confident in at least entering the Half-Step of the Seventh Dimension if he could have it.

Unfortunately, Leonel hesitated.

His father's AI had just told him that these core essences were important to him. But then again... was it even possible for him to absorb a Seventh Dimension Mine Core?

He was getting ahead of himself. Just because his progression method required all these excessive resources, didn't mean his body did as well. He was still in the Third Dimension, wasn't he insane if he thought about absorbing something so far above him?

The reason his father's progression method required so many resources was that he was literally creating a world within himself. That was completely different from forming his Metal Body again.

His quantity might be different from others, but the quality should be far more manageable.

Leonel used his father's AI to double-check his hypothesis and it seemed that he was correct. He should be looking for Fourth Dimensional mines right now; the Seventh and the Ninth Dimension were far beyond him.

For once, Leonel sighed a breath of relief.

After some thought, he finally relaxed and just allowed Tolliver to devour to his heart's content. When the little guy was ready, he'd give him the Evolution Ore Mine Core.

Although it was a bit unfortunate because this meant that Anastasia wouldn't be able to mass-produce Seventh Dimension Evolution Ore, it was obvious that Little Tolly was the more important investment.

Leonel settled down and sent his mind into the Silver Tablet. He wasn't worried about being found in this location. Even if he was, if they attempted to dig their way in, he'd be alerted long before.

If Tolly managed to take that final step, they might even be able to dig their way out of here easily as well.

Soon, Leonel stood before his Unnamed Lineage Factor's Force Art. In the past, it had truly hurt him just to stare at it; it was on a level beyond even Goggle's Ability Index.

Now, though it wasn't easy, he could at least begin to analyze it.

He had almost forgotten that he had a cheat code. If he wanted to understand his Lineage Factor, he just had to use it.