Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2501 Dream Clone

Leonel stared at the Force Art for a long while, but the longer he looked, the more complex and winding the secrets seemed to become.

The end result was ultimately obvious. If this was a Lineage Factor the Demoness was willing to put so much effort into creating, how could it be a simple matter?

There were many oddities about the Demoness that Leonel had never really understood, and even the simplest portions of the story were hard to wrap his head around.

For one, his father and everyone else he interacted with seemed to be quite certain that this demon was his grandmother, but he didn't even understand how that could be possible.

Setting aside the oddity that such a powerful woman would have to bed a man from an Incomplete World just to fulfill some ingenious plot that spanned countless millennia, how had she even gotten there to begin with?

There seemed to be a great pressure on his father, and this pressure ultimately sealed his death. It was implied that this was all due to the Demoness, so why was it that she could come to the Incomplete World to, ostensibly, have a child with his paternal grandfather, and yet be unable to come back and finish her work?

Plus, there was another obvious elephant in the room. Obviously, it would be the Demoness carrying the child and not his paternal grandfather. And not just once, but twice over considering his uncle and father were not twins, as far as Leonel knew anyway.

Then there was the way his father talked about her.

On the one hand, this was a woman that had forced his father into such a corner that he chose to go all out to kill King rather than be a puppet on her string.

But on the other hand... Leonel never really felt his father's fury about that matter.

When Velasco first told Leonel about the Cult, Leonel could feel his visceral rage. But...

'Dad only told me about the Demoness after he died. At that point, it wasn't a video call anymore, it was his AI. So maybe the AI just couldn't convey the same emotions?'

It was just another layer of confusion. The AI even referred to the Demoness as his grandmother many times. Even if it couldn't convey emotions properly-something it had actually done on several occasions-it wouldn't be hard to call that woman Demoness instead of grandmother.

Leonel scratched his head, feeling a bit lost.

Not everything had to be mutually exclusive... except for these two things.

The Demoness couldn't both be the reason for this father's death and his grandmother. He couldn't allow her to hold the second title, especially not after she nearly killed Aina.

No. She had killed Aina. Leonel was just lucky that he could get her back and he would never forget that.

Leonel closed his eyes, forcing himself to calm down, something that was much easier now. His Ability Index seemed to be reaching an inflection point of sorts where, while he was still not a Savant, he was about as close to it as he could possibly get.

Leonel understood by now that he would never be a Savant, but that didn't change the fact that his Ability Index was still growing stronger every day.

'That's it.'

Leonel had a sudden flash of inspiration.

He activated Dream Clone. He had originally created Dream Clone as a method of replacing himself within his mind. It had been especially good to pair with Dream Class.

He couldn't project his Dream Force in the past, so Dream Clone was just an extension of Dream Simulation. When he did want to use it in the outside world, a Dream Clone became like a blueprint his real body would copy, allowing him to exhibit unprecedented control over his body. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

For example, back when he first learned his grandfather's way of spear, he used Dream Class to create an archetype for a word like 'Swift', then he would use Dream Clone to force his body to embody that word for an instant, giving his attacks a character they never had before.

This time, Leonel was doing the reverse.

He would use his own body as the template for a Dream Clone, rather than an external source. Then he would use Dream Class to forge the archetype hidden within his body, that of the Unnamed Lineage Factor.

Once he succeeded and the archetype existed within his Dream World, he would be able to use Dream Simulation to test the aspects of his Unnamed Lineage Factor one by one.

This seemed like a lot of work to do to produce something already right before him. After all, the Force Art was the embodiment of the archetype he was trying to form right now.

But there was a subtle difference.

He couldn't absorb this Force Art, and it was too complex to draw in his own Dream World. As such, he could only study it the long and arduous way.

But if he used this method, he would have a roundabout method of getting it into his world of simulations, and then he could use trial and error rather than raw deductions to understand what he was working with.

Leonel immediately got lost in his own world. The complex Force Art became an archetype in his mind, and then that archetype began a large series of logic gates, simplified into 'yes' or 'no' statements that formed a mountain before him.

These logic gates essentially broke down the once complex Force Art into thousands of tiny steps. For example, if you wanted to take a step, you could imagine the physiological function broken down into the energy needed, and then the mechanical movement of your core, hip, thighs, knees, and feet all in unison, even the swing of your arms would play a part.

Even with something as simple as walking, if you tried to program it, it could easily become hundreds of lines of code. And Leonel had essentially done that for an entire Lineage Factor.

Now, he probably understood it better than even the Demoness herself.