Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2502 Logic Gates

Leonel looked toward the towering mountain of logic gates before him and grinned. He hadn't used logic gates like this since he was in the Academy, but to think the topic would become so useful here.

He took note that there were likely other aspects of Earth's science and technology that could benefit him in some way. The fact that Drake was embarking on the path of heated weapons was also something that fascinated him, but for now, he could only shelve that matter.

He started at the very bottom row.

The structure of the logic gates here were separated into four main branches. Sometimes they would intersect, but they were mostly separate. However, the point at which they did intersect was another clue.

'This strips down the Lineage Factor a bit too much. Let's see if we can fuse some of them...'

Leonel began to arrange the series of logic gates again, fusing many of them until the mountain was only about half its original size-a huge change.

'Perfect... Now, analysis.'

Leonel looked toward one of the four sections, and after some thought, a ball of fire appeared in his hand.

It was made of the most rudimentary form of Fire Force, one without structure or even a name.

If there really was a pure Fire Force out there, it might very well surpass Leonel's Scarlet Star Force as number one on the rankings. In this case, this Fire Force was more so the equivalent of neutral Force.

Neutral Force was the most common Force there was, and it was an amalgamation of all Forces. Fire Force was similar, but just for the fire elements.

In this case, because it was impure, much like Neutral Force, it wasn't very powerful at all.

What Leonel was simulating now was what would happen if he began eating flames, something that he had yet to try out.

The logic gates began to light up one after another, some activating and others shutting down. Eventually, a result was produced at the end.

Leonel nodded and then formed another ball of fire. This time, it was Radiant Force.

Radiant Force was a Sixth Dimensional Fire Force that Leonel hadn't used in a very long time. Back then, it had been a huge part of his Heavenly Body Realm comprehension and it had some radiation-like properties.

Leonel continued to do this, testing one type of Fire Force after another before he shifted toward Ores.

The first Ores he tested were actually Fire Force Ore. Back when he first came into contact with Radiant Force, it was likewise through its ore. If not for his Fire Force affinity, he would have died of radiation poisoning long ago.

Leonel thought of a countless series of tests, one that put his Lineage Factor through the wringer. In fact, at one point, he even began throwing various plant-life at it just to see what would happen. As though that wasn't enough, he began throwing odd elements at it well, anything from Wind Force, to Lightning Force, and even odd combinations of two or even three.

The more he did, the more he came to understand, and the deeper his comprehension grew.

In the end, if he had to summarize his Unnamed Lineage Factor in a single sentence he would say...

The ultimate recycler.

It was a funny pairing of three words, but it was precisely how Leonel felt. It was like his body was a garbage disposal and his cells had a method of churning out real products no matter what trash he threw at it.

It was a Lineage Factor that seemed perfect for surviving nuclear fallout. Even if he had to eat zombies and their rotting flesh to survive, he could do it. He might gag and choke, but he'd live. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

At the same time, his body was like a bottomless well of potential.

Although Leonel was advised to use Fourth Dimensional Ores and Mine Cores to improve his body, what his father's AI hadn't said was...

How much?

Back when he first began practicing Metal Body, he had a limit. He couldn't just endlessly devour Ores. If he did so, he would implode.

But this was clearly very different from that. He was on an entirely different level. It was like his stomach had become a blackhole.

And yet, that was just one aspect of the Lineage Factor.

As much as he could take, he could likewise give. The Midas and Morales aspects could devour, the Radix and Florer aspects could give.

It wasn't just that he could give life to inanimate objects like the Radix had somewhat done with these cubes, or the Florer family had done when they incorporated plants into their bodies. It was more like he could break their natural function, peeling away their own natural "personality" and making it more in tune with himself.

It was fundamentally changing what made a Force itself, without actually weakening it at all.

This was the greatest discovery that Leonel had made and it was absolutely shocking. That was because this was clearly an application of Breaking Force.

What was maybe a little bit more interesting than even this, though, was how the Spear Domain Lineage Factor played a role in all of this. Or maybe more accurately, how the Spear and Bow Domain Lineage Factors combined to influence it.

Spear Domain allowed him to spread the influence of his devouring or his giving into a ranged Domain as well. He didn't need to physically ingest things as per usual, he could do it from a distance.

What was truly special at this was how Bow Domain was implemented. The highest level of the Bow Domain Lineage Factor even allowed the eyes, or rather what one's gaze could land on, to be directly influenced by one's Force.

Due to that, Leonel could give and take away with his eyes alone.

It was hard to tell exactly how this would be applied until Leonel thought of the matter of his Earth Force again.