Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2503 Avalanche

Leonel's eyes sparkled. After some thought, he pressed a hand into the walls around him. He pulled himself out of his Dream World and returned to a dark crevice of the collapsed mine.

At that moment, a bronze-violet aura came from him and seemed to invade the earth around him, turning it from a dense blackness to walls that gave off a healthy, gentle glow.

Then Leonel pushed some of the intention of his mind forward.

To both his surprise and expectation, the earth around him began to shift and move to his will, shifting out of the way.

Leonel leaned back in surprise. It had always been so hard to make use of Earth Force in the past, but now it was suddenly so easy? He had moved it even more easily than Little Tolly had, and it had hardly taken much effort on his part at all.

This wasn't just land influenced by the Ninth Dimensional Mine, but it truly was the Ninth Dimensional Urbe ore mine. Although it wasn't quite the ore itself yet, in a few decades there was no doubt that the area he was sitting in right this moment would turn into more Urbe Ore of the Ninth Dimensional variety. Even though, right now, it was just normal Earth, it was already far stronger than the Reinforced Sixth Dimensional Ore he had had before.

'Wow...'

Suddenly, Leonel understood everything. It hit him like a flashbang and everything seemed to slide into place.

Why was it so hard to use Earth Force on the physical earth itself? Why was it that only those with Ability Indexes like Raj could form it and manipulate it so easily?

Until now, the best application of Leonel's Earth Force was his Gravity Domain, but even that was something that he only used sparingly. He couldn't even scale it well enough to use it on the enemies that he was facing.

Well, rather than answering that question, Leonel asked himself something else entirely.

Why was it that Incomplete Worlds were formed of such small bits of land scattered across the vastness of the universe, whereas Complete Worlds were just a single, solid block of earth formed into a cohesive whole? Almost as though all the smaller planets that would have made it up were fused into one?

Leonel had spent so much time thinking about Stars that he missed the obvious, the very land beneath his feet.

Then he remembered something Anastasia had said to him earlier. Back when he wanted to see what was down below the Fifth Dimension Urbe Ore Mine they had targeted, she said that she couldn't go too far down because it would alert the world's World Spirit.

The pieces came together one after another and it seemed to make sense.

The earth wasn't like everything else, it was almost like a shield of protection and the very foundation of protection that kept others from casually messing with the World Spirit that held everything together.

As for why Raj could casually create and form earth, wasn't it because of the truth of Ability Indexes? Weren't the roots of Ability Indexes the Second Dimension? Or in other words, the Life State?

The earth all around Leonel was filled with the influence of the World Spirit. All earth was filled with its influence. The earth was the foundation of all worlds, and if it could be casually manipulated, then wouldn't the world only be a few steps away from losing its own life?

But now, Leonel was able to strip that influence away, replacing it with his own influence, his own life, his own vitality, and as a result, it listened to him as though it was he who created it in the first place.

It was akin to becoming an Earth Sovereign, but in an entirely roundabout way.

'Stars... time... space... fire... earth...' Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Leonel sat in a trance for a long time, sparks of raging lightning flashing across his mind.

Anastasia had said no one understood time and space more than she did.... The Stars were impetus of life... earth was the foundation... fire... its symbolism could be found everywhere, it wasn't just about heat at all, that was a function fulfilled by the Stars. The heat wasn't what it represented.

The first invention... prometheus... Weapon Forces... the kernel of human ingenuity...

Leonel's mind moved so quickly that he jumped from idea to idea, his comprehension of certain things rising by leaps and bounds.

To an outside observer, it was hard to link the things he was thinking about. At some point, he no longer even thought in words, shifting through pictures and images, each one flashing by for a shorter and shorter period of time. And it all culminated in one thought.

'The irony... the irony that the representation of human ingenuity, the kernel of creation that kick-started human invention... would be replaced by the incarnation of Destruction...'

It wasn't just that the pinnacle of Fire Force was represented by Destruction, but also that it was made up of Light Force and Star Force as well.

Light Force would always be stereotypically on the side of good. Star Force was the driving force behind creation itself.

And yet all three Forces-Light, Fire and Star-had come together to destroy?

The wild thoughts consumed Leonel. So much so that he didn't even notice as things began to change around him.

His Earth Force reached the Peak of the Impetus State.

His Scarlet Star Force reached the Peak of the Impetus State.

His Vital Star Force reached the Peak of the Impetus State.

His Constellation entered a Common Level of understanding.

His Destruction Sovereignty became True Destruction Sovereignty.

It was an avalanche of clashing comprehensions that only seemed to steamroll as they reached toward the end, building up higher and higher until it seemed that Leonel might explode with insight.

'The God Beasts of Creation created so much that it led to Destruction...'

BOOM.

Leonel's Scarlet Star Force comprehension entered the Life State.