Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2505 Target Dummies

The Bull Demons in the vicinity felt a sense of danger they hadn't felt in a very long time. No, it was the kind of danger they had only ever sensed from the Sun and Moon Demons that they could only follow. Their fear didn't change anything. Their bodies exploded one after another, the heat of the flames so high that many of them directly burned to death even before the meteors of earth even landed.

Leonel's spear spun in his hand. It snapped into place in his palms and curved in a graceful arc. A concentrated scythe of Spear Force, attached with a hint of something otherworldly, took shape and rushed forward.

The instant the meteors landed, they were all sliced in half, anyone lost in an explosive retreat unable to react. They lost their lives without even truly understanding what had happened.

BOOM.

Amidst the explosions, Khelgis and Adru landed, along with Alysa, Oriza, and Larkan.

Their eyes opened wide, unable to understand this sheer level of destruction. It had to be understood that even their Ninth Dimensional experts couldn't cause so much devastation to the land. Complete Worlds were far too sturdy, and even cracking the earth was incomparably difficult.

But Leonel had cut slabs out of the ground and even used them as weapons. And yet, at the same time, they were absolutely certain that his power output was less than that of a Ninth Dimensional expert by quite a large margin.

How could both things be true?

BOOM.

The second halves of the sliced meteors crashed into the ground, kicking up a wall of wind that blew their hair back.

Leonel's spear rested before him, pointed slightly toward the ground and hanging loosely from his hand.

This was without a doubt the strongest spear he had ever used. It wasn't just the compatibility with him, but just in terms of raw grade.

Leonel had yet to parse the differences between Life Grade treasures, though he was sure they existed. What he did know, though, was the fact that there wasn't a single spear in the Spear Domain ring that was a match for the blade in his hand right this moment.

How could the shoddy Craftsmanship of the Godlens match up to the greatest flame in existence?

'I was getting really tired of running and hiding...' Leonel thought to himself. Though he was looking at the demons that must have been at least a kilometer away from him, he still seemed to be looking right through them, as though their existence wasn't what he was after, but rather what they represented instead.

Target dummies. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Leonel vanished. The world that had suppressed his Spatial Force a great deal before was sliced apart as though it didn't exist. He crossed an entire kilometer in an instant, appearing before Oriza.

The Bull Demon's eyes widened. Her veins bulged across her body, and she subconsciously swung her pair of battle axes down with all her might. But...

"[Domain]."

"[Universe]."

Her body completely froze in place, her Forces vanishing into the ether. She could only watch as the spear stabbed into her three times in quick succession, a raging flame bursting out of each wound as her veins became akin to a well-oiled rope. Her body was burnt to ash as runways of speeding flames rushed about, connecting and intertwining with one another in an almost beautiful symphony of sorts.

By the time she fell into the wind, nothing more than cascading wisps of ash, Leonel had already appeared before his next victim.

The combination of spearmanship, the oppression of his weapon, and the strength of his Forces cut down demon after demon. All the while, a pair of techniques seemingly lost to humankind for generations flourished on this battlefield once again, stripping the once mighty demons of their right to retaliate in kind.

Alysa's eyes glowed, making an attempt to attack Leonel's mind. But the latter didn't even look at her.

Her nose burst with a rain of blood, and soon, even though Leonel wasn't even within a hundred-meter vicinity of her, that caught fire as well. Her head burst into a torch of flames and her screams, if heard by any survivors, would haunt their nightmares for years to come.

Leonel's flame wasn't just in the palm of his hands. His flames were potential itself, his potential. There wasn't a single part of him that could be attacked without facing their wrath.

Attacking his mind was like throwing herself into the fire of her own accord. Whatever thoughts she had of subduing a strong-willed man, quite literally, went up in flames.

"ALYSA!"

A roar came from a male Lust Demon. Unlike the others, he had a pair of horns growing out of his head and seemed to be birthed from the union of a Lust and Bull Demon. It was hard to tell how he was treated as a result of that, but at the very least, he seemed to be a fusion of raw power and mental strength.

It didn't matter.

Leonel's spear cut across the air and a scythe of Spear Force vanished across space, appearing before the Lust Demon in an instant.

His roar had barely left his throat when he was bisected along a diagonal line.

And then there were two.

Leonel hadn't left Khelgis and Adru alone because he feared them. Even before his breakthrough, he hadn't feared them. He had escaped a city surrounded by Ninth Dimensional experts and a formation that even said experts themselves couldn't hope to break through.

What right did they have to make him feel fear?

No, he left them until last because this way, he could fight to his heart's content without worry about outside interference.

By now, Khelgis seemed to have calmed down, but the orbs of red that were his eyes smoldered with a little something extra. At the same time, a chilly wind came from Adru, a bluish fog coming from her.

"Come on."

Leonel pointed his spear at the two.