Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2506 Beautiful. Regal. Powerful.

Leonel's spear steadied itself. Even given its heft, its body was completely still, almost like a pool of calm waters. And then the dance began.

Khelgis' and Adru's eyes opened wide. A keen sense of danger took hold of their hearts, gripping them so tightly that it felt as though a hand had ripped into their chests and squeezed down.

"Defend!" Khelgis roared.

His palms slammed into Adrus'. A large combustion of bronze-brass and silver energies took form, shaping into a sphere that rotated like a marble of yin and yang.

Leonel's first spear exploded on its surface, and yet it blew the two back. The two thought that it was over, but it was just the beginning.

Leonel's spear danced in his palms, a large amount of Universal Force descending. It even felt like with every swipe of the blade through the air, the world itself was being pulled in the directions Leonel willed.

If one looked outside the well of Leonel's influence, a larger and larger vacuum was being formed, a region where Force's concentration seemed to plummet.

Then came the Stars.

The first appeared on the tip of the blade, gliding across the air like a shooting star. It was a delicate streak of silver, buffeted by the oppressive spear of red, gold, and silver it was born from.

Leonel's stance changed, and the star lingered in the air as a new one was given the spark of life.

It was gorgeous.

One star after another, gliding through the air and forming a pattern that stunned the mind and froze the soul.

It was akin to a star map of the universe. The sun in the skies seemed to dim, and darkness descended onto the region. Every streak was more powerful than the last, and every swing of the blade pushed Khelgis and Adru further and further back.

BANG. BANG. BANG!

The sphere of yin and yang began to crack. If not for the large amount of Force the both of them were pouring into it, it would have already collapsed after the first few strikes.

BANG. BANG. BANG.

Streaks of Spear Force filled the skies. It looked as though countless rockets were being launched from Leonel's half of the battlefield. He completely controlled the situation, his mighty oppression suppressing the pair of Sun and Moon Demons.

Sometimes his blade was swift, sometimes it was heavy, at other times, it reminded one of a mountain that stood the test of time, and at other times it was like a wild forest fire that burned bright, but only for a short time.

Khelgis didn't have the words. It was simply the most beautiful spear he had ever seen. Power aside, Leonel was without a doubt the greatest spear master he had ever laid eyes on.

Better than the warriors of the Sun Demons. Better than his master. Better than even his own father.

It was suffocating.

BOOM.

The sphere cracked, and the duo were sent flying.

Leonel's spear rose high into the air. So much power was fused within it; it looked as though it might collapse. It cracked at the edges, its blade trembling until it was forcefully steadied beneath Leonel's will.

The reality was that the true strength of the Life State wasn't something that Leonel's body could withstand. He couldn't even use the full power of his Higher Impetus State Dream Force, let alone a Life State offensive Force like Scarlet Star Force.

However, for just a short time, in exchange for this beautiful spear dance, he could tap into just a small percentage of it.

'Run.'

The thought consumed Khelgis. He no longer hesitated. Grabbing onto Adru's hand, he pulled out a treasure and immediately crushed it.

Leonel's spear descended.

...

The region was the Vast Bubble.

The Vast Bubble was the only one of the worlds that was not named after the family that ruled it, and the reason for that was quite obvious. It was instead the name of the Dream Pavilion, the true center of human power.

On this day, it became the center of attention.

Large waves of Dream Force spread out in all directions, but all the common people could focus on was the confrontation in the skies.

On one side, there were the Four Great Families and some members of the Dream Pavilion.

On the other, there was a cast of Demons that seemed to suffocate the world in whirlwinds of harsh heat and bone-tingling cold.

"The Human Race is finished," a Sun Demon with hair of fire that stood straight up spoke. His skin reflected like brass beneath his own flames, and his voice boomed, "hand over the treasure, and we might give you an avenue of survival."

Clarence sneered. These fools had no idea what the Dream Pavilion was. Without passing the test to enter the Dream Pavilion, you couldn't partake even if you wanted to.

He had half a mind to let them do so just so he could watch them lose their minds to Dream Force, but Clarence knew that even if these experts of the Sun and Moon Demons died, the gap between them and the Human Race was so large that the ending would still be the same.

Meaning, if they enraged these Demon Races, they would just die faster. It was better if they maintained this odd limbo for a bit longer.

Just when he was about to say something, all of their expressions changed. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Master! Save us!" A roar came as a portal was torn open.

It was like a large wheel of Spatial Force had appeared in the skies, and through it, a pair of Sun and Moon Demon lovers quickly flew through. But the fear in their eyes didn't vanish in the slightest.

A tingling sense of danger filled the hearts of all of them as they saw the spear strike.

Beautiful. Regal.

Powerful.

The Sun Demon that had just been sneering took action immediately, a spear appearing in his hands as he swung down.

"[Finality]."

The words were soft and yet they reached all of their ears with the ease of a gentle breeze.

The Sun Demon was pushed back, his spear splintering as though it was made of cheap wood. His body was enveloped by the strike before anyone could even react.

The portal closed, but not before everyone caught the glimpse of an arrogant young man wielding a spear of ruby, silver, and gold.

His spear slowly lowered as he met each one of their gazes, especially that of Anselma Brazinger.

When he vanished, their gazes trembled as they landed on the Sun Demon.

Half of his upper body was gone, his beating heart clearly visible from the gaping wound on his side.

He could barely stay in the skies, coughing and wheezing as blood drizzled down his chin.

Flames licked at his wounds, trying to char him to ash. If not for his powerful vitality, he would have already died.

Khelgis looked at this scene, the horror of his expression clear for all to see. How had his mighty master ended up in such a state at the hands of a mere Fifth Dimensional expert?

Violet blood drizzled to the ground, each drop playing on their hearts.