Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2507 Scram

Xagu was a man that had stood at the pinnacle of Sun Demon Society for hundreds of years. He had an unblemished record and it could be said that he was a meteoric star from the time he was born. The only man to ever outshine him was the current Patriarch of their race, Urlgan-a man that hadn't even cared enough about the proceedings to appear on this day.

And yet, here he was, floating in a half-dead state. It was hard to tell if, even with his overwhelming vitality, he'd live or die.

The demons were a bit late to react, but another Ninth Dimensional expert eventually rushed forward in an attempt to help, but he was blasted backward.

"Don't touch me!" Xagu growled.

The Sun Demon steadied himself somewhat embarrassedly, but he also didn't dare to show any discontent either. Even in this state, the place Xagu held in their hearts was far too high.

Xagu suddenly unleashed a roar and a large amount of blood spurted out in all directions. This blood carried with it small tufts of flame that fell into the city below. The carnage it caused was not small, and the human experts frowned as it was their own people suffering now. But they had to maintain this defensive barrier or else who knew what might happen?

Xagu hacked and wheezed, his body swaying in the air. Of all those here, he was the one who could least believe what had just happened to him. Although he was a bit careless, it shouldn't have mattered even if he was snoring before a Fifth Dimensional expert, how could they possibly harm a hair on his head? The only ones that could do such a thing were the children of Gods, and that bastard most definitely not one.

Coughing, hacking and wheezing, Xagu barely managed to stabilize himself after several minutes. But the red orbs that were his eyes were blazing with fury.

He was a man of flames, and yet flames had harmed him. He was an expert of the spear, and yet a spear had almost killed him.

This was the greatest humiliation that he had ever faced in his lifetime.

He turned toward the humans with a sneer.

"I see this is how the Human Race likes to do things."

The Four Great Families, and the old man of the Dream Pavilion who looked like he had just been plucked out of a fairytale, couldn't help but frown.

They had nothing to do with that young man, and they had no idea how he had gathered up so much power, but they knew that even if they explained that much, it would be entirely meaningless.

How were they going to explain that such a genius had nothing to do with them? Even if by some miracle they managed to do it, wouldn't that just make them more of a laughing stock?

"Not everything is as it seems," the old man with the long beard bristled. He was known as Deputy Gemmes, a man known for his temper despite his somewhat adorable appearance.

Xagu didn't say a word. Logically, if this was a plan of the humans, they should be attacking to finish the deal now, but it was clear and obvious that none of them had such intentions. That made it somewhat clear that this truly had nothing to do with them, but that only made it more amusing.

He would crush this genius. He's like to see if- 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

BANG.

The moment Xagu turned his back on the humans, Clarence attacked. It came with such force and such surprise that Xagu couldn't even react.

He was so arrogant that he had turned his back on his enemies even when his heart was exposed to them all. Clarence only hesitated for a moment before he rushed forward, shattering his heart and ripping it out of his chest.

Clarence didn't even look back toward his fellow humans. If they couldn't see the situation for what it was right now, they had no right to be the so-called last bastion of the Human Race.

After Xagu left here, he would go heal himself. Then he would go all out in his assaults and become their living nightmare. Worst yet, he would go all out to kill Leonel.

There were times to take a step back, and then there were times to move forward without hesitation. This was one of those times.

"Clarence!" Gemmes roared.

Hearing this familiar agitated voice, Clarence didn't even react. Instead, he grabbed Khelgis and Adru, both of whom had been under Xagu's protection.

"I suggest the rest of you scram, now. Or else I'll kill these two right here. I wonder how your mighty Patriarch would react to the death of his son and daughter-in-law?"

The Sun and Moon Demons froze, feeling a cold chill warp their spines.

They knew that they couldn't allow this. If Xagu and Khelgis died, even if the Human Race did suffer later, it would be they who suffered first. But at the same time, if they allowed Khelgis to be captured, would their punishment be any different?

Clarence suddenly squeezed Adru's throat. She began to struggle, her face turning white, then blue. Her legs kicked at the air and her body began to shudder.

An expert like her could last quite a while without air, but her brain couldn't surface without a flow of blood and Force. The longer she stayed like this, the worse it would become.

When this didn't make the experts scram, Clarence sneered and began to do the same with Khelgis.

The group of Sun and Moon Demons shuddered before rushing toward the distance. They didn't stop until they were outside of city limits, but they didn't take their eyes off of Clarence, their gazes burning with a fiery hatred.

They knew that no matter what, some of them would suffer for this. The question was... which of them was going to return to inform Urlgan of this news?