Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2514 [Bonus] Oliidark

[Bonus chapter courtesy of Firemonster <3 5/6]

Leonel hadn't known what to expect when he came here, but a sea of people was most definitely not one of them.

He had heard Clarence's call to action, but he knew that there were certainly not this number of people with Dream Force affinity.

Plus, Clarence had said three days. Since then, it had already been over a month. Leonel wouldn't come until he was fully ready, but there were still this number of people? Wasn't that a bit too ridiculous?

This should have been the central city of the Vast Bubble. It was a place only the elites of the elites could step into. The population definitely shouldn't be so dense.

The only explanation was that this was the doing of Clarence.

Did he really want this number of people to show up, though?

Leonel didn't know much about the Dream Pavilion, but he knew of the dangers of Dream Force. Just logically speaking, it was impossible that these people wouldn't be left in a state adjacent to death after being foolish enough to come here.

"Look at this. I told you it was getting too ridiculous. Even some Fifth Star brat showed up here. It's making my eyes water just looking at these people."

Hearing this, Leonel was speechless.

He hadn't bothered to hide his identity when he came here, it was useless to do such things before Dream Force experts. He was mostly ready to rely on himself to find out what was going on. He had some contingency plans and he was semi-confident in escaping if he had to.

Well, he was about 70% confident. But it was important enough to him that he was willing to come here on such low odds.

But now he was being looked down upon by some nobody. It almost made him want to laugh.

If he wasn't qualified, then no one else here could possibly be qualified. Discover ð’ew chapters at novelbið’(.)coð’Ž

He was a Dream Sovereign. There were probably only a handful of such people in the whole of Existence considering how rare Dream Force affinity was just in general.

Leonel didn't even look at the person, he couldn't be bothered to. He just wanted to figure out how he would get this going. He didn't have the patience to wait out here, not after the months he had been building up his anticipation.

"Look, you scared the brat. He didn't even dare to-"

"Can you piss off?" Leonel looked back.

He didn't even put much effort into his voice, and yet it sent the pair flying back, blasting a large, cone-shaped hole in the crowd of people.

"Find something better to do with your time. If you're too scared to go up, just say so. What a waste of air."

Leonel's actions shook many to their core. Immediately, he was given a large berth. No one was willing to come close to him, but that was just fine by him.

He managed to cut through the crowd of people until he reached the front, and he managed to find out what all the hold up was about.

There was a line of people from powerful organizations, some of which he actually recognized. They were some of the people that he had fought back during that demon-fighting event. He would have felt a wave of nostalgia... if he cared enough to.

His eyes moved and they eventually landed on Mistress Oilidark. He was surprised this old crow was still alive and kicking. Then again, vindictive assholes like her tended to live the longest.

By her side, there was her equally annoying granddaughter. But other than that, there was a pair of men that Leonel didn't recognize, but could likely put a name to.

These two should be the missing husband and son-in-law pair. From what Leonel remembered, the two of them had been sent to battle on behalf of the Four Great Families and nothing was ever heard from them.

Due to this, Mistress Oliidark began to move as though her husband and son-in-law were missing, even recruiting grandson-in-law candidates for her granddaughter.

Unfortunately for her, there had been three of them including Leonel, and Leonel killed the other two.

Leonel only gave them a cursory glance before looking away. Like he had said, he wasn't here to waste time. But to them, seeing Leonel again was like being hit by a speeding truck.

Back then, it was as a representative of the Oliidark family that Leonel had wreaked all that havoc. If not for the contributions of her husband and son-in-law, things that ended up sparing the family in the end, they would have been finished.

The Endless Twilight Pavilion Head, Ophelia, had been thoroughly enraged by Leonel's words. She had wanted nothing more than to tear him to pieces, but because the seal shattered, she had been called away by duty.

When she came back and found that Leonel was actually gone, she had nearly wiped out the Oliidark family in a fit of rage.

Once again, it was only because of her husband and son-in-law that the family managed to be stabilized and changed.

Mistress Oliidark couldn't help but feel a well of rage when she saw Leonel again. But it was actually her granddaughter that reacted first.

"It's you!" Athrae suddenly called out. "Daddy, kill him! He's the one that caused us all that trouble!"

Leonel's steps paused. He had suddenly remembered something.

He looked back toward the family. In the midst of the crowd, there should have been endless commotion. And yet, the world seemed to fall into silence.

Remembering how willful this little girl was, he also remembered how far the family was willing to go. He had been willing to let go of the fact they enslaved him, but a memory flashed in his mind.

Leonel raised a hand and Mistress Oliidark flew into his hands so fast that no one was able to react.

Her throat was being clamped down so tightly that in an instant, her old, wrinkled face had turned blue.

"Chef Lucca. Carra. Amerie." Leonel said slowly.

The more names he said, the more confused Mistress Oliidark was. She couldn't even remember what he was talking about.

"You killed them, didn't you? The esteemed Oliidark family couldn't possibly be caught going to such an establishment."

It was only when he said this that Mistress Oliidark's eyes widened.

"Wait-"

CRACK.

Leonel shattered her throat and spine with a single squeeze.