Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2518 Piss Off

Leonel shook his head furiously because he could finally get a good look at what was inside.

His eyes widened.

It was a tablet, but it was completely unlike his Silver Tablet. It was carved of a crystal clear crystalline gem that radiated an assortment of rainbow colors. It had a presence that far surpassed anything he had ever felt before.

Leonel knew that there were two categories of tablets. There was one category that he mentally referred to as the Wise Tablets. These Tablets were the ones with inner worlds that likewise came with an exchange. He could use them to control certain things about the world and likewise use them to gain a deeper understanding of the world around him as well.

Then there were what he called the Legacy Tablets. They were tablets that had odd words written upon their surfaces, denoting things that Leonel couldn't really understand. And within them, there were Lineage Factors hidden that could be used to unlock and use abilities you were compatible with, but were not both with.

This tablet here... Was very clearly a Wise Tablet. It was the very kind of Tablet he had in his possession, and it was the same Tablet that Mo''Lexi had in her possession.

Leonel had guessed that there were higher level Wise Tablets much like there were clearly tiers of Legacy Tablets, but he hadn't even started maximizing his Silver Tablet before this... Life Tablet? Appeared before him.

There were so many more secrets he had yet to unearth, and-

BANG.

The Life Tablet suddenly shot out of the treasure box and right into Leonel's forehead. He only had time to widen his eyes for a moment before it collided with him.

He was sent flying back, but the Life Tablet was no longer present. Instead, it had fused into his Ethereal Glabella, taking up a large amount of space all to itself. It stood in the very position that his Stars had once done because they were transferred to his Destruction World.

At that moment, his Mage Core, a lush tree of rainbow leaves and an ability he had all but forgotten about, was suddenly subject to a rain of colors. Rather than wilting, though, it flourished and grew. Expanding again and again.

At the same time, the space within his Ethereal Glabella likewise expanded wildly.

The Life Tablet took root in his body and both the Dark and Light sides of his Northern Lineage Factor roared with life.

Leonel barely managed to take control before anything too wild happened. If he allowed this Life Tablet to make changes to the Northern Star Lineage Factors, who knew what would happen or who he would alert?

BOOM.

A shimmering image suddenly appeared in the temple. It was a silhouette of a figure that Leonel couldn't make out, but the pressure they exuded was so great that he coughed up a mouthful of blood that sparkled with rainbow-colored lights. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The figure didn't say anything, but Leonel could feel that its gaze had landed on him.

Then, without a word, it vanished.

One after another, like a long queue, figure after figure appeared. Their silhouettes were all different, but what remained the same was that the details of their features couldn't be seen clearly at all.

Every time they did, their casual pressure almost destroyed Leonel from the inside out.

Clarence himself had already been pressed so far into the ground that his cheeks smashed against the hard floors.

Leonel's knees bent and looked as though they were about to scrape along the ground.

Were they doing this on purpose? He wasn't even sure. Given the power of these people, a casual glance by them might really cause this much pressure. But that didn't make him feel any better.

"PISS OFF!"

A wave of pressure came from the Life Tablet, and the Vast Dream Pavilion, which was suddenly under Leonel's control, seemed to close down.

The next silhouette was blown to pieces and none appeared after that.

Leonel sucked in a large amount of air.

After he had gained the Florer family's Lineage Factor, every intentional breath of his could already kick up hurricanes and tsunamis, but now that he had really been pushed to his limit, if it wasn't for the sturdy construction of the temple, it would have been blown off its foundation.

Clarence, who was at the end of his rope, was even blown away like a leaf in the wind, the wild beating of Leonel's heart sounding like the raging of war drums in his ears.

It took several minutes before Leonel finally began to calm down, but he was still pissed on the inside.

He didn't know much about the Dream Pavilion or who these people were, but he knew basic etiquette. You couldn't just sweep your senses into someone's home just because you felt like it.

Whether they were pressuring him on purpose or not, it pissed him off. Who were they to casually step by like this was a common market and not the last bastion of the Human Race?

Each one of them had had a different shape and form, but he recognized them by this alone.

The extra floating hands of the Nomads, the ethereal presence of the Spirituals, and then there came Races that he could even understand or fathom, Races that exuded might not much different from El'Rion or Shan'Rae.

Leonel stood to his full height, finally having the strength to pull his back straight. His gaze was filled with a burning light.

Even without understanding the whole situation, he felt Clarence's rage already. He had actually been so heavily injured by a few glances. Even now, with his Vital Star Force, he had only recovered to about 50%. He would need a few more minutes before he could recover completely.

He seemed to understand why Clarence would take this path.

He raised his head, and at that moment, a flood of information entered his mind.

Its origin? The pulsing Life Tablet.