Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2521 Belief

Leonel planted a kiss on Aina's forehead, cupping her cheeks with a smile on his face. Though she smiled during the action, she frowned soon afterward.

"What are you going to do this time?"

Leonel grinned. "Just wreak a little havoc, nothing too big."

"You're a terrible liar."

Leonel laughed. "Objectively, I'm the perfect liar. If there was a competition of liars across the world, I would probably be number one. I'm captain liar, king liar, emperor liar-"

Aina scrunched up her little nose, the adorable action causing Leonel to stop and laugh.

"You're beautiful, you know that?"

Aina blushed at the sudden words. "What are you talking about all of a sudden? Are you trying to sweet talk your way into my bed? Keep going, it might work."

Leonel's smile bloomed even brighter. He felt that he was really lucky to have a woman like this. Although they hadn't had the smoothest path to getting here, he felt that every moment was worth it.

"Just know, Aina. Nothing can keep me from returning, I promise."

Those pair of radiant golden eyes stared up at him, carrying a hint of something Leonel hadn't seen before.

It was belief.

It wasn't shrouded by sadness, darkness, or even the slightest hint of doubt. She just believed in him. And for some reason, that made Leonel feel stronger than he ever had before. Goosebumps raced across his skin and he was suddenly intoxicated by the gaze of this woman in his arms.

He kissed her. It wasn't their spiciest kiss, but it was probably their truest.

Aina's eyes were a hint misty when they pulled apart.

"Do you want to?" She asked softly. She had never been actually serious about gatekeeping their bed. Who knew how long it would take for Leonel and her father to make up? If it took years, wouldn't she be suffering too?

"Save it for me," Leonel said with a grin, giving her ass a little pinch. "I'll rock your world when I'm back."

Aina laughed. "Save those big words for if you actually manage to defeat me."

"According to my calculations, my win percentage is near flawless," Leonel said righteously.

"Is that so? I seem to remember a certain virgin quick shot."

Aina's eyes blinked innocently, as though she was asking Leonel to confirm if that was true or not. What she received in return, though, was a devious grin.

"Alright, you win."

Aina's clothing suddenly exploded apart, floating into the air like wisps of ash and smoke.

She was too stunned to react. When had Leonel gotten that ability? Plus, they were in the middle of a forest right now, her preferred training spot. But there was nothing stopping someone from suddenly walking in on them. Whenever they were in their room alone, Anastasia knew not to peek, but this wasn't their usual safe zone.

The sudden anxiety made her heartbeat quicken and her face and body flushed red.

However, there was nowhere to escape to. Her delicate back found itself pressed against a tree with Leonel looming over her, fully clothed.

Leonel pressed a palm by the side of her head, grabbing one of her breasts with his other. It felt so soft in his palm that it almost reminded him of melting butter. It was a feeling he could get lost in for all eternity, but he was here to tease this future wife of his.

Aina shuddered at the sudden touch. Beneath his tense nerves, her body flexed, revealing the subtle lines of power she hid beneath that delicate figure. The faint abs that moved beneath her heavy breathing, her rippling, tall breasts, those wide hips that flowed out from her narrow waist...

Every inch of her was perfect.

She was as tense as she could have been, and yet Leonel only continued to play with her one breast, ignoring the other and the rest of her. The sensation of heat and anxiety overwhelmed her, and suddenly a faint drizzle of a sparkling liquid dripped down her inner thigh.

Aina didn't notice it, but Leonel most definitely did.

A smile spread across his face. "Do you want to go inside?" 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Aina nodded, her voice not working.

"Are you sure?"

She nodded again, but for some reason she seemed to forget what a nod of yes and a shake of no. Her head hesitated, and then she did the latter, before changing and going to the former, and then second guessing herself once again and going for the latter once more.

Leonel's smile deepened, his head lowering and kissing her delicate lips.

Aina shuddered as she moaned beside herself. She couldn't even control it, and didn't have the time to feel embarrassed that she had entered such a state from a mere peck on the lips.

Leonel's hand left her breast, trailing down her toned torso and grabbing her thigh with a strong palm. The current Aina was standing on her tippy toes, too uncomfortable to place her feet on the ground... or maybe it was just that she really wanted Leonel to kiss her again.

The strong hand, though, made her knees feel weak. If not for how tense she was, she might have already collapsed.

Leonel looked into her eyes. Those golden irises darted back and forth, somewhat wanting to focus on Leonel, but also scanning the forest to make sure that no one was coming. Her heart only beat faster and faster.

And just when her anxiety had reached a peak, she suddenly felt Leonel's hand slip between her thighs.

Her hands shot downward, grabbing Leonel's forearm with both hands. However, when she felt its size, the pulsing vascularity on it, the fact her own hands couldn't even wrap halfway around his hulking mass, she looked into his eyes again. She had simply never been so attracted to any other man before. Even his forearms were perfect, what flaw did he have?

A finger gently glided down her other set of pink lips and her mind went blank. If not for Leonel's kiss, she might have alerted Anastasia's entire world...

And she wouldn't have given a damn as the pleasure came in waves.