Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2525 Gem Force

The little fox shot off and began to lead Leonel down a trail.

'I have maybe five more minutes before I'm tapped out. I hope this place is close or else I'll have to call it.'

Luckily, it was. Or, more accurately, Leonel realized that he could move through this world quite fast. He didn't just have to use Dream Force like a weapon; he could use it as an auxiliary amplifier to his real body as well and almost swim through the air instead of running.

When he realized this, he picked up the little fox and shot through the air. It seemed that escape and maneuvering would have to be something he focused on in this round.

Soon, he spotted what the little fox was pointing him toward. Then, forming up a large concentration of Force, he trapped the little fox in a box and shot toward the distance.

The fox would only listen to him for as long as the Life Tablet's suppression stuck around. Any longer than that and it would become a danger to him. He thought about just killing it directly, but it was hard to tell when he'd find such an easy to control guide again.

Leonel glided to a stop, shrouding himself in Dream Force to hide his presence.

On his way here, he had noticed several things about this world, the most important of which was that Internal Sight didn't work the normal way either.

One's Internal Sight became more like echo location than a secondary extension of your senses like it should have been. As a result, what others were sensing wasn't your body, but rather the interaction of your body with the Dream Force around you.

If you shrouded it well enough, you could become like the Rapax: entirely immune to detection through Internal Sight.

'I still wonder how they do that,' Leonel allowed himself a fleeting thought before focusing on the situation at hand. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

In the distance, there was what looked like a scepter. It hadn't been spotted by any humans, but there was a pair of White Stone Elephants nearby and they looked like they were grazing. It was odd considering this world didn't actually have any grass to speak of, but he didn't question it. They had to survive off of something, and that something was likely Dream Force.

Although White Stone Elephants were ranked beneath Starry Tailed Foxes, this wasn't the metric Leonel was using to weigh their threat.

For one, the ranking of the Light Northern Star Lineage Factors had much less bearing on the actual strength of the creatures themselves. That wasn't to say that there wasn't a gap between their strengths, because there were. It was more to say that a God Beast Enjoy was a real danger no matter what rank they were.

Leonel's run-in with the Shadow Tail should tell anyone everything they needed to know.

And secondly, these elephants were clearly not as infantile as the little fox had been. They were more mature and thus had far more strength. Of course, they weren't as large as true White Stone Elephants, or any of the other God Beast Envoys for that matter.

Just according to the visions Leonel had seen, those beasts could swallow entire planets should they want to. These elephants, though, were only about four or five meters tall. They were juveniles as well, though not as much as the little fox.

'Their threat level should be about the same as the Eighth Dimension, thereabouts. Though, I probably shouldn't look at it like that, too vague... There are two of them. Should I kill them first, or grab the treasure and run?'

Leonel's thoughts flickered for a moment and decided.

'Why not both?'

He suddenly shot forward. He was parallel to the ground, the clouds so thick around him that he could hardly be seen. At the same time, his control of Dream Force was so perfect that it was impossible to see his momentum shifting the clouds around him.

The pair of elephants seemed to sense something odd but it was too late.

Leonel burst forward with a great amount of Dream Force and smashed the barrier around the treasure, grabbing the scepter.

A surge of Force came from the touch. Leonel felt that the scepter increased his Dream Force control, or rather the amount he could control, but around 20%. It wasn't anything huge, but it was worthwhile.

The White Stone Elephants raised their trunks, their slightly illusory bodies trembling as they trumpeted into the skies.

The clouds wobbled as they rushed for Leonel. Their bodies were instantly coated by a sparkling, gem-like Force.

Leonel had skipped over the White Stone Elephant, but he knew that it had a strong Earth Force under its belt, and that must be it.

Earth Force wasn't very useful in the general sense in this place, but if he could use it for added defense, it would be invaluable.

Leonel rose high into the skies until the elephants had no hope of reaching him. Dream Force surrounded him and kept him afloat as he waved the scepter, unleashing a barrage of blows below.

Like invisible hammers, they collided against the bodies of the elephants, causing their Gem Force to break apart beneath the pressure and crushing their bodies.

Leonel controlled the pieces of broken off Gem Force with a natural ease, then he used the Life Tablet to suppress the mind of the elephants, causing their reaction time to lag just a touch.

If he could control the little fox, of course, he could do this as well. He didn't need to spend all that Dream Force if he could use it as a cheat to quickly win the battle.

The Gem Force crystals of the elephants tore into their skulls.

Just as they were about to dissipate and a large amount of their Dream Force was going to be wasted, the Life Tablet trembled and all of it shot toward Leonel, entering his body.