Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2535 Spotted

"HUMAN!"

The roar was filled with rage and fury. And yet, the response it received in kind was the complete opposite.

"That's not my name, you know?"

Arrows blanketed the skies, and yet the Nomad could do nothing to deal with them directly as a Tier Six threat bore down on him. He was suffocated from all sides, the pressure reaching a level that stifled him entirely.

He could only die with grievances, staring toward Leonel with a furious look in his eyes, a furious look that only lasted until he realized that there was a strong grip on his Dream Force.

He thought that, at worst, he would return to his body having been booted from the world...

Never did he think that Leonel would actually dare to kill him directly.

The worst part was that Leonel didn't even pay attention to his death, having landed beside another Forgetful Orb and pocketing it. Then, he suddenly moved.

Before the Tier Six threats could react, he appeared behind their necks. Just as his Dream Force was about to run out, his spear ripped through their spines and out of their throats.

The Life Tablet trembled, and two Tier Six existences were absorbed by Leonel.

'Tier Six.'

Leonel looked at his stores. Right now, he was at 200% in terms of amplification, but he had already run into another bottleneck.

Now, not only were more powerful treasures suppressing weaker ones, but if he gathered more than five powerful treasures, they not only suppressed every treasure underneath them to 0%, but they even began to restrain one another.

Leonel had five 40% amplifying under his control, putting him at exactly 200%. If he pulled in a sixth one, they would all fall to 30%, making it not worth it as that would put him at 180% for all six of them.

The only way he could benefit would be if he found another set of stronger treasures, but in this region, it seemed 40% was the highest.

According to Leonel's calculations, he was quite strong right now. A foundation of Tier Six with a booster of 200% gave him at least the capital to run from a Tier Seven.

Unfortunately, the gaps between the Tiers, especially at this level, made it very difficult to close these gaps. But Leonel had his own ideas about this matter.

If he could enter the Life State, he would immediately cross over another entire Tier. However, he felt that it would be better if he reached Tier Eight first before he did that.

The quantity of beasts he needed to defeat were getting more and more ludicrous. He had already killed almost ten Nomads, and during that time he had faced off against and used several means to kill over 20 Tier Six threats, and he had only just hit Tier Six from Tier Five.

If he wanted to hit Tier Seven, he would need to likely kill over 30 Tier Seven threats, and reaching Tier Eight would require killing over 40 Tier Eight threats. If he also had to kill over 50 Tier Nine threats to reach Tier Nine, it would take too long.

But if he put the work in on the front end, and then used a cheat to enter Tier Nine directly from Tier Eight, it would be much more worthwhile.

Only he could do this as well for several reasons.

For one, he had the lowest Dream Force comprehension here. Second, he had the advantage that came with being a Sovereign and having the Life Tablet.

This was feasible and it was his path to a dominant victory.

He reached forward and picked up the net of runes the Nomad had stored. This one had already managed to kill and snatch a Tier Six existence, but Leonel had still been confident in defeating him thanks to the 200% boost and the fact he was so close to Tier Six to begin with. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

This ability of the Nomads to immediately jump to the strength of the beast they captured was excellent, but the drawbacks were also considerable. It was impossible for them to capture more than one beast at a time, and it was also impossible for them to use treasures.

'The fact this man succeeded means that there's definitely another aspect of this net of runes that I'm not familiar with. I think I have the confidence to observe the next one for a bit longer now.'

Every time he caught one of these fights ahead of time, the Nomad seemed to be biding their time in order to unleash something to catch the much stronger enemy off guard.

It had to be remembered that their Pavilion Head only helped them to capture Tier Fives, and then they went off to battle Tier Sixes on their own. Why did they have so much confidence against an enemy so much stronger?

Leonel targeted the next mountain range, moving even faster than he had before. By now, he had a total of nine rune nets. All but two were empty, though.

The Tier Sixes had been more valuable for raising his own strength, especially since he could only easily control one at a time anyway. Storing them away when he could only make use of one at a time in most situations would be an egregious oversight on his part.

However, now that he was Tier Six, he should be able to control a Tier Seven for just long enough to make it work. He would just have to find one first.

He had yet to see even a single Tier Seven or above. They were likely in the stronger mountain ranges.

But if he went over there, the odds of him running into stronger enemies would likewise increase.

'For now... it's only a matter of time before they feel that they've leveled enough and conclude that a "Fifth Dimensional" expert like me will probably be stalling in these weaker areas.'

As Leonel finished his thoughts, he appeared on a new mountain range once more and soon spotted another Nomad.