Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2538 None

Leonel took stock of what he had, and ultimately he felt that his odds of success were too low. However, he had a different idea.

He focused his attention on the Spiritual Regnier.

Regnier was clearly a Wind Spiritual. Although his Innate Node hadn't come in with him, Leonel could very clearly feel that he had one just by the way he manipulated the Dream Force around him.

The Spiritual Pavilion Head was using a method that many others had used before the. It was too much of a waste of resources to use the Dream Force one got from killing the creatures to establish a firmer connection with your real body for the sake of using Forces you were more used to.

So instead of doing that, a novel sort of martial art was created with Dream Force as an outlet and your favorite Force as the foundation.

Essentially, rather than forming a connection with their original Force, they used Dream Force like they would have used their original Force.

Although this made their Dream Force Manipulation slightly weaker as a result, the benefits they gained from the experience and ease made up for it in spades. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

To make a complicated matter simple, Regnier was essentially using Dream Force now no differently than he would use his Wind Force.

Some Forces were better used in this manner than others, and Wind Force was clearly one of them. They didn't rely on explosive power like a Fire Force might, and were instead more used to pulling and pushing at things, a more ideal way of using this Dream Force.

Due to this, though, Regnier was a bit dangerous to deal with although he was at a very, very slight disadvantage against Burul.

Burul was very clearly using Palm Force, a rare variation of a Weapon Force not much different from Fist Force. However, because it was so close to him, it was even more effective than Leonel's Bow and Spear Force were in this world.

Unfortunately for Burul, he wasn't a Palm Sovereign, and as such he lost out in that just a touch as well.

Unfortunately for Leonel, Burul's Palm Force was powered by years of experience he didn't have.

Luckily, though, it wasn't quite in the Life State just yet. This went to show how difficult it was to progress into the Life State. Even a powerhouse like Burul was likely to only have one Force at this Realm.

Leonel shot into action when he felt that he had observed enough.

At that moment, the Tier Seven beast trapped between the two of them began to move oddly. Originally, it had been worried about its own injuries, but in that instant it made a suicidal action as though it had lost its mind completely, rushing toward Burul without regard for the injuries it would accumulate.

Burul was caught off guard but instead of panicking, he laughed. Inwardly, though, he was pissed. He just wanted Regnier to think that he was happy about this turn of events.

In reality, he had already caught one Tier Seven threat, he didn't need another one. It was just that the Tier Seven threat was the added variable that stopped Regnier from running away. If it and Burul suddenly attacked him at the same time, he could suffer. So he had no choice but to put his full attention onto the battle at hand.

Now that the beast was suddenly running toward Burul at the cost of heavy injuries, this would not only distract Burul, but it would give Regnier ample room to run.

Although he could use his net of runes to kill it instantly, that would put his trump card on cooldown for an entire hour. Who knew what could happen in that time?

'No, I can use this. Regnier might not have the time to think about it and might assume that I can use this attack more than once. He might even assume that it's a proximity thing. If I use it now, he will be highly wary of me and might battle more cautiously than he should, giving me an opportunity to take advantage.'

Burul's thoughts moved like lightning, worthy of a Ninth Dimensional powerhouse. A beam of light shot from his forehead just as the Starry Tailed Fox came in close.

The creature was torn to pieces as Regnier's eyes opened wide. What was that just now?

Regnier's focus was entirely on Burul. When he saw such a sudden attack, and even how the Tier Seven threat was somehow trapped and returned to Burul, his mind was on high alert.

He had to run.

He turned to do so but his heart jumped. When had this child appeared behind him?

Leonel didn't hesitate and took the initiative. In fact, the attack was already before Regnier before he could react.

Regnier didn't even get the chance to register the fact the attack wasn't a threat to him before it landed. Because he was so high strung, he treated it as a real and tangible threat, retreating to get out of the way.

Dream Force pooled around him like hurricane-force winds, ready to shred apart Leonel's attack.

But at that moment, Leonel reacted as though nothing was there. He stepped through the Dream Force as though it wasn't there.

No, it was there, but when it entered Leonel's sphere of influence, it turned silent.

Regnier's eyes widened as Leonel's spear flickered. This time, it wasn't a scepter turned spear, but rather a real spear, flickering with a silvery light.

The speed, the skill... it tore Regnier's clothing apart and left cuts all over his ethereal body.

The avalanche of shock left him frozen, and he only barely managed to register that Leonel was also somehow slowing down his speed of thought. No, he was suffocating the link between his real body and this projection, making his thoughts run much more like a mortal than the mighty expert he was.

But then it clicked.

Leonel was great, a genius even...

But he was doing no damage.