Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2539 Go to Hell

This thought snapped Regnier back into focus. He abandoned using Dream Force like the wind. It was causing the Dream Force around him to fall into Leonel's sphere of control; how could a junior possibly pull away a Force he had been using for longer than Leonel had even been born?

However, the instant he did so, Leonel suddenly retreated.

Regnier frowned, wanting to follow. But the moment his thoughts started to move with their normal fluidity, he thought of many things all at once and remembered that there was an even larger threat to his back.

He could only keep Burul at bay when he used his Force like the Wind, but if he used it like the Wind, Leonel would suffocate him.

He had to extricate himself as quickly as possible.

The feeling of danger already enveloped him to his back as he sensed that Burul was already gearing up to attack again. Remembering the power of that heart-shuddering attack, his own almost stopped beating entirely.

It seemed to him that Burul had to be close for it to work out, so he had to keep his distance no matter what.

And that was when it happened.

A beam of blinding light came from Leonel's direction. The feeling and essence of it were exactly the same as what had come from Burul. This time, the speed of thought Regnier had regained was to his detriment.

He could feel every inch of that beam, and each movement, every breath, even the runes that flickered into existence through the air, were exactly the same. He couldn't find even a single exception aside from the fact that it was weaker by a Tier.

'Dammit!'

Regnier lost his cool and switched back to using Dream Force like the Wind. If he didn't, although he was sure he wouldn't die, he would be injured enough that it would affect his clashes with any other Pavilion Heads.

He couldn't allow that.

On the other side, Burul wasn't sure what was happening. His vision had been obstructed by his own attack, and all his Internal Sight picked up was Regnier fighting with... air?

His conclusion was that it must be a creature of high enough level to conceal itself within the Dream Force, and that had to be at least a Tier Eight threat.

He cursed beneath his breath. His net of runes was obviously on cooldown now, not that it would be easy to deal a death blow to a Tier Eight.

What should he do? Wait for Regnier to suffer?

He didn't believe that his trump cards were so much more superior to everyone else's; he wasn't a fool. The Breeze Dream Pavilion had definitely come prepared and there was more to them than just that.

Regardless, he closed in the distance. He had to see the situation for himself.

But when he tried to approach, a blinding light came from the opposing side.

He recognized it immediately; how could he not? Even the aura was identical to the one he had just unleashed, just a bit weaker.

His people? But how could his people hide from his senses?

He braced himself and leapt backward. The line of fire was directly in line with himself, and though the cooldown for the net of runes was only for the single-burst attack, because he had just used it, the flow of strength from the Tier Seven to himself would be somewhat limited for the next few minutes. He didn't want to take any chances.

The situation slowly cleared, and he found Regnier high in the skies, frowning deeply.

His "opponent" wasn't there anymore, having seemingly vanished into thin air.

Regnier's frown deepened by the second and his heart suddenly stopped beating entirely. His own palm slapped to his collarbone, reaching for a necklace that should have been there...

But it was gone!

The kid had stolen it?! How? When?!

Regnier's fury bubbled up. That necklace could only do one thing, and that was to find his people. He didn't think it was a coincidence that Leonel had targeted it.

How had he not noticed the loss of something so important?

From below, Burul watched as the always calm Regnier suddenly put on a fierce expression. Even after years of goading and prodding, Burul had never seen him wear such an expression? What had just happened? And where was the Nomad who just used the net of runes?

Did Regnier kill them?

That was impossible; there wasn't enough time to do that.

The world of Dream Pavilions watched as two powerhouses stood around, baffled about what had just happened.

It was hard to tell what these experts were thinking; they were too good at hiding their thoughts. Regnier had been much like them before this incident caused rage to build up across his face.

"BOY!" Regnier roared.

Burul was even more taken aback. Boy? Who was he talking about?

"You've gone senile, old bastard?" Burul asked with a sneer.

Regnier looked down toward Burul, his green eyes sparking with a furious crimson. But when he remembered something, he actually sneered as well. The contempt in his expression was practically palpable.

"Do you know who that was just now?"

Burul frowned.

"I'm sure you saw them using your little invention, no? You were probably very proud of that. Too bad it landed in the hands of a human brat."

"Impossible!" Burul's voice boomed.

However, Regnier's sneer only deepened.

"I wonder how many of your Nomads he's killed?"

Regnier had no way of knowing if it was more than one or not, but he still made sure to pour salt into the wound, repaying Burul tenfold.

"You son of a bitch!" Burul roared, launching an attack.

"You fucking idiot!" Regnier barked. "We have to go and capture him!" Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Go to hell! You think I'll believe you?!"

Leonel chuckled, twirling a familiar thin-chained necklace on his forefinger. That had worked better than he thought.

Now it was time to hunt some Spirituals.