Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2540 Threat

Leonel's spear flickered, driving through the chest of another Spiritual. Unlike with the Nomads, he let these people live, but it wasn't out of the kindness of his heart.

For one, he had his own bottom line, but deeper than that, as much as he really wanted to offend everyone under the sun, he couldn't do that. He had basically crippled the Gem Dream Pavilion already, and Burul was still on his kill list. If he crippled three Dream Pavilions, those bastards might find a reason to deal with him.

Of course, another reason was that they weren't involved in Clarence's death. However, this wasn't really enough of a reason for Leonel to spare them. The first reasons definitely weighed heavier.

Who knew if they wouldn't have treated Clarence the same way if they had a chance? Plus, it was clear and obvious to him that even if they were benevolent enough to let Clarence live, they still definitely wanted his head.

He wasn't a fan of sparing people who wanted to kill him, but some sacrifices ultimately had to be made. Of course, if they pissed him off enough, he wouldn't mind wiping them off the face of Existence.

But that was unnecessary... for now.

This was the sixth Spiritual that Leonel had killed, and he had already turned his attention toward the seventh. He knew that Burul and Regnier were likely trying their best to find him by now. Although Burul was a hothead that was easy to goad, that sort of provocation wouldn't last forever. He ultimately wasn't a fool.

From the six Spirituals he had "killed," he had managed to gain some more information about their communication method, mostly through the treasures they left behind.

The necklaces worked both ways. That essentially meant that if Regnier managed to find at least one of his Spiritual brethren, then Leonel could be found through their methods. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The drawback was that they wouldn't know exactly who was who and could only do so randomly, with the exception of the King necklace, of course. A necklace that was in Regnier's hands until it fell into Leonel's.

This essentially meant that if Regnier found one of his people, Leonel would definitely be caught, flaw or not.

But this disadvantage also gave Leonel an advantage. That was because as long as Regnier didn't find his people, to the Spirituals, all they knew was that a group of their own was gathering around their leader.

Leonel had already taken advantage of this several times, leading Spirituals right into pre-laid out traps that granted him easy kills on them.

He didn't really need to do this, honestly, as most of them were just Tier Six threats. But he was still Tier Six for now as well; why get into a long, drawn-out battle and risk exposing his location when he could end it swiftly?

That being said, he was inching closer to Tier Seven.

Of his ten rune nets, seven of them were outfitted with Tier Sixes, one of them with a Tier Five, and the final one had a Tier Seven in it.

He liked this configuration for several reasons, but the moment he found a Tier Eight, he would definitely change it around.

However, the necklaces were starting to become a ticking time bomb.

There were only so many mountain ranges and so many places the Spirituals could be. The odds he would run into Regnier were getting higher and higher.

Although Regnier was just Tier Seven the last time Leonel came across him, he knew that the Pavilion Head definitely had some sort of trump card of his own. He couldn't take any of them lightly.

On top of that, he still hadn't heard much of anything about the Owlans. Who knows, maybe he might accidentally run into one of them while thinking he was chasing down a Spiritual.

After all, he wasn't the only one who could kill.

Leonel thought for a moment and made a move to cut his losses.

There were only a dozen Spirituals, including Regnier. He had killed six of them and crippled one of their contingency plans. That was enough for now.

If he could just destroy them, he would. Unfortunately, he didn't have a reliable way of doing so.

These treasures all seemed simple, but they were forged of materials beyond him. The rune nets were just one example, but he had to remember that these were true powerhouses. Even if these were Bronze Grade treasures to them, considering the worlds they came from, it would be almost impossible for Leonel to destroy them.

In that case, Leonel found a random Tier Six and threw the necklaces into its belly before rushing away.

Over two hours later, a figure appeared where Leonel had been, only to find that only a Tier Six creature remained.

The woman looked from the necklace in her hand, then toward the creature, and then smiled.

"It seems like someone else was hunting Spirituals too. They managed to get Regnier? That shouldn't be the case... Regnier is much smarter than Burul, and there doesn't seem anyone else who could do it.

"Was it the Miss? But that's impossible as well. She wouldn't abandon the necklaces. She would welcome them with open arms..."

The only explanation seemed to be the humans, but...

That felt ridiculous as well.

"Hm, if seven Spirituals have been dealt with, I guess that's enough. The miss said to forget all the hunting and just go to the main mountain. I guess I should do that now. I should be able to complete the final breakthrough on my way there..."

The beautiful woman casually threw the necklace in her hand at the creature. She seemed to know that it would have some use, but didn't care to follow through on it at all as though it was meaningless.

And why wouldn't it be? Ultimately, the Owlans would win.

BANG.

The creature exploded.

One would have expected the necklaces Leonel had thought to be indestructible to be left behind, but there was nothing left at all...

The woman didn't even bother to absorb the Dream Force.

If Leonel was there, he would be certain of only one thing...

Tier Eight threat.