Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2541 How?

Leonel didn't regret his decision. Although he didn't know of the appearance of the Owlan woman, he wasn't surprised in the slightest. Right now, because he had chosen the dominant victory route over the speed victory route, this was bound to happen.

But he was ready for it.

By the end of the first day, Leonel finally hit Tier Seven. At this point, the Forgetful Orbs were looking extremely enticing to him, and he had collected 22 of them. This was definitely more than enough to reach the Lower Life State. As for the Middle Life State, he wasn't too sure; it might even be unlikely.

This True Dream Plane was on the lower end, so while it was acceptable for Clarence to want to use it to enter the Life State, anything beyond was asking for too much.

Plus, his Dream Force was actually a second priority to him right now in comparison to reaching Tier Nine. What he wanted most was this victory.

Progressing through the Life State was something everything else found to be such a daunting task, but it was hard for Leonel to feel the same when he had casually accomplished the same after a random bout of meditation.

This wasn't to say that he was arrogant about it, but instead rightfully confident. These orbs were also of great value to his people as well. Since there was no guarantee of reaching the Middle Life State, wouldn't it be better to save them?

With a Forgetful Orb of this tear, he could definitely help several reach the Impetus State and catch up to him quite swiftly.

Who said they could only be used on Dream Force?

Leonel exhaled a breath, putting away his 23rd Forgetful Orb.

The rune nets were good, but they could only be used so much. If he wanted to actually have a chance to absorb the Dream Force the creatures released and improve, he couldn't use the rune nets because the default setting on them was to absorb the creature they attacked. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

That restrained what Leonel could do a bit, but this was fine as well.

Now as a Tier Seven, he could do some real damage to a Tier Eight if they weren't properly prepped. He could control a Tier Seven for two and a half minutes, a Tier Eight for over a minute, and a Tier Nine for almost 40 seconds.

He was ready to take some real risks. This was where his plan for domination and his plan for speed deviated the most.

He looked down at his collection. By now, he had all ten run nets filled. One of them still had a Tier Five, one of them had a Tier Six, and the others were all filled with Tier Sevens.

In addition, only two of the Tier Sevens were on cooldown right now, so he basically had access to a full arsenal.

In this time, Leonel had managed to find a Tier Eight, but he didn't attack it immediately like it seemed that he should have.

The deeper he went into these mountains, the more Tier Eights there would be, but the more danger there would be as well. If he really wanted a dominant victory, he couldn't bank on going mountain to mountain like he had before.

He had to kill over 30 Tier Sevens just to make it here. If he had to kill over 40 Tier Eights, in that time, the odds that he would be found were too high.

The speed route was obvious.

Quickly trap one Tier Eight, then find a Tier Nine, freeze it in place, and then trap it as well. Once he was done with that, abandon all his treasures and the Dream Force he had accumulated, then fuse with the rune net and rush toward the mountain peak. Like that, he would definitely be the first to reach there.

It was the clear plan, the obvious plan, the plan a Third Dimensional expert like himself should be taking.

He didn't want to.

He would crush everyone who entered with him and he would be the last to remain. Even the Owlans wouldn't be spared.

This would be his statement to the world. In that case, he needed something different.

Leonel's figure flashed, and he suddenly blocked someone's path.

Regnier's pupils constricted. He had been looking for Leonel everywhere, high and low. The last three to four hours had been entirely spent on that pursuit, and his progression had slowed considerably.

He honestly didn't think it was a big deal because around this tier was where everyone slowed down. The last push to Tier Eight and Nine were very difficult.

Of course, the Tiers were Leonel's own self-created system. But everyone had their own divisions in their minds that worked similarly.

Leonel smiled. "Looking for me?"

Regnier had long since regained his calm. He wasn't brash, and that had simply been a momentary lapse. After he escaped Burul's rampage, he had long since returned to his normal baseline.

That was why when he first saw Leonel, his first thought wasn't rage, but rather caution.

How had Leonel found him so easily? How could he always appear without him being any wiser?

All signs pointed to the Life Tablet. But he had to admit that he didn't think that it would truly be this much of an advantage.

He was wrong, of course. He couldn't use Dream Force normally in this world, but that didn't mean Leonel couldn't. What weighed heaviest now was nothing but Leonel's Dream Sovereignty. He could naturally use Dream Force in ways Regnier couldn't fathom as he was stuck using it as a Wind Force.

"You must be wondering how I found you?" Leonel asked with a smile.

Regnier's eyes narrowed.

Leonel shrugged. "You're too predictable. You and Burul both. At this point, I've yet to come across a single Owlan, and that's not because of their low numbers, it's because they're focused on actually winning. Whereas you two are focused on killing me.

"How many humanoids do you think are still around these mountains?"