Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2543 Enjoy

Leonel sneered. What was he confused about? Hadn't he already told him that he and Burul were too predictable?

Their battle had just passed through at least three mountain ranges. Regnier didn't even realize that he had been led here because he hadn't been led at all. In fact, it was more accurate to say that he had been pushed here.

Due to that, he didn't even realize that he had been led by the nose all the while.

This was the very same mountain range he had found the original Tier Eight on. What he didn't expect was that Burul would show up so soon, but this was fine as well.

"BOY!"

Burul's fury was towering. By now, he had scoured every mountain range he could find, even killing a few Spirituals, but he hadn't found even a single Nomad.

It was obvious what happened. Regnier hadn't been lying. Leonel had, indeed, killed his people.

Regnier was a bit taken aback by Burul's level of rage. He was a hothead, but not to this extent. He was still scheming and intelligent, he knew where to pick his spots.

Back then, Regnier had only exaggerated Leonel's feats a little. After all, he could only confirm that one rune net had been stolen, and he wasn't even sure if one had to be killed first to have it snatched. Hadn't Leonel taken his necklace without him dying?

But this...

Regnier didn't have the right to be distracted. The flurry of strikes from Leonel was absolutely relentless. Burul was coming in from the side and the Spiritual Pavilion Head was immediately on guard against him; although Burul seemed to be focused on Leonel, who knew what this conniving bastard might do? Then there was the Tier Eight threat to worry about on top of that.

Regnier felt like he was being overloaded with sensory information and the grin on Leonel's face was only becoming brighter.

"DIE!" Burul swept in from Leonel's side, a Palm Force capable of shaking the mountain descending.

Leonel pulled back his spear. Spinning it in his hands, several scythe-like blades formed and shot in the direction of the two Pavilion Heads.

Leonel's Spear Force and Bow Force were beyond that of Burul's Palm Force. He shredded the latter apart as though it didn't even exist.

"Your comprehension of Weapon Forces is weak, old sack of shit."

"What did you just say to me?!"

"I don't like repeating myself for the mentally disabled."

To an outside observer, their conversation would have only been funny due to the facial expressions. As Dream Force experts, it didn't matter what language the other was using, they could immediately translate it.

Regnier's language was particularly harsh and grating on the ears. It wasn't as bold as the Pluto Race's language, and was instead filled with endless hacking, wheezing and snorting.

It only made Leonel want to make fun of him all the more.

ROAR!

The Tier Eight had had enough of the encroachment on its territory.

Burul and Regnier were already on guard against one another, and only sought to put more distance between them when this happened. But Leonel only sneered.

In one movement he dispersed his rain of arrows into the surroundings, enveloping their retreat routes. At the same time, he took subtle control of the Tier Eight.

Gem Force sprouted and formed mountains that blocked their retreat. Once appeared behind Leonel as well, though this was purely for show.

Burul and Regnier were forced to stop their retreat and Leonel's smile suddenly vanished as he relinquished his control over the elephant.

An all out battle Royale ensued. Burul and Regnier tried to focus their attacks on Leonel, but it was hard for them to do so when such a powerful creature wanted them all dead. In the end, the trio was even somewhat forced to band together to stop the elephant from killing them off one by one.

Leonel knew that these two would prefer to get a distance, but if he allowed that, this battle would drag on forever. The reason he had taken this risk was because he wanted to end it right here and right now, and he would do exactly that.

Burul's expression flickered as he felt that this was a great opportunity. These two were basically fighting with him, but only he had the ability to deal a sure kill strike on a Tier Eight. With three fighting at once, that opportunity would come much sooner than he thought.

'No, the kid might have captured a powerful enough creature to deal a fatal blow to the beast as well. He definitely has a Dream Net as well. I'll need to react faster than him.' 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

From time to time, he would launch a sudden attack on Leonel, really wanting to kill this kid. But he had already become half-hearted about it. The only purpose of these strikes was to keep up his facade as a madman and to make sure Leonel kept some distance away so that the coming opportunity would be his.

Suddenly, his gaze sharpened. 'There!'

Leonel's spear struck down, slapping the elephant's trunk into the ground. At the same time, Regnier's hurricane-force wind knocked into its side, knocking the creature almost off balance.

As it was trying to regain itself, Burul's forehead erupted.

Burul saw Leonel taking out a Dream Net, but his sneer deepened. That was absolutely perfect, he would be first.

BANG!

Burul froze, looking down to find that his legs and torso had been separated from one another.

The White Stone Elephant died at the same time, Burul's beam tearing through it.

Leonel didn't even give Burul a glance as his entire focus was given to Regnier instantaneously. He had already brought out another Dream Net, ready to use it on the Spiritual.

Regnier's eyes widened at the sudden change, but he quickly calmed down. If he would have to take that step here, then he would just have to do so.

He clicked a button on an inconspicuous belt he wore on his waist. It lashed out, wrapping quickly around his wrist and forearm before forming a shield.

Regnier had already seen through everything. That Dream Net Leonel had just used was only enough to kill Burul because the latter fell back down to Tier Four as his activated Dream Net was in the process of assimilating the Tier Eight.

The only reason he had brought out the shield was in case Leonel managed to get his hands on the Dream Net that was currently falling through the skies... but how could he allow that?

The shield sent a pulse of Dream Force right at Leonel that caused his eyes to widen. That concentrated blast of Dream Force was on the level of a Tier Eight!

Seeing Leonel's first change in expression, Regnier couldn't help but sneer. He had to thank this brat for both killing Burul for him and handing this treasure to him at the same time.

Regnier shot for the falling Dream Net that had now lost its owner. But as he was about to grab it, a sense of danger overwhelmed his senses.

He looked back to find that Leonel's shock had been turned into a sneer.

BANG!

A blinding light enveloped Regnier.

Why had he kept a Tier Five Dream Net on him all this while? It was precisely for this moment.

A Tier Five was enough to kill a Tier Six. For an existence like Burul who had fallen back to Tier Four, it was even overkill. To Regnier, though, it was fodder to underestimate Leonel.

He thought that a Tier Eight's blast would be enough to push Leonel back, not realizing that the Tier Seven Dream Net Leonel had was a half step above in strength, capable of one shooting a Tier Eight beast under the right circumstances.

Leonel landed on the ground, the Tier Eight Dream Net fell into his palm as the last wisps of Regnier's consciousness began to return to his body. The Spiritual looked deep at Leonel, his green eyes turning no small hint of crimson.

Leonel, though, had already stopped paying attention to him. Waving a hand, Burul shot into his hands before he could dissipate completely.

He held the battered man by his neck, looking right into his eyes.

"You..."

"I think you've done enough talking for a lifetime," Leonel said calmly. "Enjoy the afterlife."

His hands squeezed down.

Burul, Pavilion Head of the Gem Dream Pavilion, had fallen.