Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2560 Closer

"Leonel..."

Aina spoke between panting breaths, only pulling away for small spurts to barely just get out the words she wanted to say. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"... it feels too good... I think I'm losing my mind..."

As the wholesomeness of the atmosphere faded, it was replaced by a burning heat that seemed to want to scorch her body. Even so, Aina didn't feel like she was exaggerating. Whether or not Leonel's seed would put a baby in her was entirely dependent on her choice, and her mind was so foggy right now that she was another half inch from saying consequences be damned.

Leonel suddenly thrust deep inside her. He had learned to vary his strokes so well, building up her anticipation and reading her mood as though she was an open book.

Slow, deliberate, short strokes... she knew he could reach deeper, she knew that he could practically pierce right through her if he wanted, and yet he didn't, teasing her entrance open again and again, as though forcing her to relieve the first entry repeatedly.

And then when she felt like she couldn't handle it anymore, he slowly pushed in so deep that their hips ground against one another.

"Oh god..."

Aina didn't feel like she talked much during sex. Except for some teasing interludes, she found that her mind was usually in another space and time entirely.

But now her lips and thoughts moved on their own. The entire world was a blur to her as her eyes seemed another few centimeters from permanently rolling into the back of her head.

She could barely hold on, feeling herself rolling in a tide of pleasure. It was as though all her instincts had taken over her reason, like she was another pawn of nature.

Leonel could feel Aina's level of desire more than ever before, and he was sure that it was the same for her. Each one seems stuck in an infinite sort of feedback loop, the emotions of the other fueling their own and then cycling again and again.

He didn't even seem to need to use his Ability Index to grasp exactly what she wanted, exactly what she needed.

And it felt damn good.

He pulled one of his hands away from being stuck in a lock with hers, using his arm to pull her up by the waist.

Aina's entire body seemed to have become sensitive. The feeling of Leonel's strong arms pressing against her soft skin was like another spark of electricity running through her spine.

And yet, when she finally settled into their new position, her wait pulling her further and further down Leonel's cock, her entire body seemed to go limp.

Leonel propped himself up on his knees, supporting Aina's waist with an arm. Their left hands were still pressed together and she seemed to refuse to let go.

He could feel every inch of her squeezing down on him. Lost in pleasure, her body writhed, heating up and leaking from seemingly everything she could manage.

She finally let go of Leonel's hand, but it was only because she thought she could use both arms to better bring them closer. She wrapped them around his neck, her fingers practically embedding themselves into this scalp.

Tears continued to flow down her face. It wasn't fair. She wanted to be closer, somehow closer than this. She wanted them to be one.

She felt Leone's hands on her ass, pressing his forearms against her thighs and controlling her weight as though she weighed no more than a light feather's touch.

He picked up their pace, his rhythm no longer as varied, but instead becoming relentless. He loosened the restraints bit by bit, moving faster and faster.

Aina held onto him so tightly that he thought that she might imprint herself into him. The feeling of her soft breasts against his hard chest was like heaven, her ass felt like a silky water in his hands and her writhing insides were like the finest, fragrant oils.

A chalice of the gods poured its Ambrosia over the tip of his cock, making every stroke feel as though he was ascending into another world.

Aina's tongue wrapped around his. It was so delicate and he could almost feel its unblemished pink color. It rolled around so smoothly, matching an expertise that matched her Body Clairvoyance and countless hours of practice with this very man in her arms.

Leonel felt a pair of fingers dig into his back, but even those spikes of what should have been pain in this situation rang like the bells of pleasure.

He and Aina both pulled back from their kiss at the same time. She could seem to sense how close Leonel was, and she herself had lost count of how many times she had been driven over that mountain.

She wanted to see the pleasure in his eyes as he finished inside of her. She wanted him to use her every way he wanted, any way he could think of. She wanted to be his in every sense of the word.

Without Leonel's lips blocking hers, her moans became more feverish. Her intense gaze met Leonel's, their forehead pressed against one another and their hot breaths blowing against each other's cheeks.

"Yes... yes..."

It seemed to be the only word she could say, repeating it again and again. It was hard to say if she was reconfirming her answer from earlier, if she was talking about Leonel's cock, or maybe she was urging on what was most definitely coming.

She squeezed down around him tighter. Every time his arms lowered her to the base, a warmth would spark around her clit at just the slightest touch. Her body felt like it was on fire and there only seemed one thing that could possibly give her what she wanted...

There was only one way to be closer.

Looking into Leonel's eyes, she felt him convulse inside of her. He could see those sparks of love in his eyes, the willingness to do anything for her, protect her from anything, shield her from the world itself if he had to.

And then like a rushing stream, she felt a feeling more perfect than anything she had ever experienced before.