Chapter 2561 Little Vixen

One would have thought that after such a wild level of stimulus, the two might have calmed down. But that was far from the case.

Aina felt like her mind had been overloaded, but Leonel's Vital Star Force had plans of their own and Aina's soul, intertwined with his own, didn't want him to stop until he had vented everything. She practically did everything but speak out the words: "Use me".

The pleasure she derived from it was like riding on an endless high. Nothing could seem to knock her down from it. And in the end, she just wanted more and more of it.

It was hard to tell how much time had passed. It might have been days, maybe even weeks. The two hadn't bothered to care. Even now, while soaking in the lake of Cleansing Waters, they were pressed against one another, Aina's back against Leonel's chest and his cock still pressed between her.

Aina's eyes were barely clear anymore, but sensing just the slightest hint of desire from Leonel, she reached down, cradling the head of his cock in slender fingers, pressing them against her delicate pink folds and sliding it inside of her.

She released a heart-shuddering moan, enjoying the feeling of Leonel's hands rolling over her breasts. The two didn't move nearly as fast as they had during the earlier rounds; it was hard to tell that they were moving at all aside from a subtle grinding.

At this point, it seemed to be less about reaching a peak and enjoying the slow, steady waves that came before it.

Leonel bent forward, pressing his cheek against Aina's. She reached back with a palm, pressing against his other cheek. Her eyes were misty but filled with love and affection.

Feeling Leonel delicately play with her pink nipples, her body felt like it was in an elevated state. He was hardly moving his cock, but it only made every subtle movement hit ten times harder.

"Can this count as a honeymoon?" Aina asked in a sultry and somewhat amused voice.

Leonel could feel the coercion in Aina's voice. He knew that she could hardly control herself right now; even the coolness of the waters they waded in was unable to bring down her heat, but he was still somewhat surprised that it was so powerful.

Aina had awoken a coercion ability long ago in Valiant Heart Mountain, the day her curse was cured. But after learning to control and restrain it, she never really used it again, except during that combination attack they had created together in the Void Palace.

Now that she was somewhat absentminded, lost in the feeling of being one with Leonel, that ability came back in full force. If not for Leonel's Dream Force being in the Life State, he might have lost his mind and started railing his wife with everything he had.

Of course, she wouldn't mind it. But he quite liked their current slow pace. It allowed him to admire every inch of her.

He smiled. "You can't go around talking like that; you could make a man lose himself."

Aina's smile brightened, though her eyes remained misty.

"What's that? You want to fuck me even harder than you already have? You really want to break me, huh?"

Leonel chuckled. He could hear the slight excitement in Aina's voice as though that was exactly what she wanted him to do.

When it was said in that voice, he really did almost forget about everything else. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"I'll take everything you have," she spoke again, her voice dripping with seduction.

The waters around them rippled, even turning a hint red and violet as the world reacted to her will.

"This hole... all of them... are yours..."

Aina seemed really drunk, her words only getting more vulgar. She wasn't usually so rated-R, at least not with her words. She was mostly the type to tease with subtlety and then let Leonel take the reins.

Leonel decided to play along.

"All of them?" He questioned in a teasing tone.

Aina gasped. "Mr. Morales, you're so naughty."

"I plead my innocence, Mrs. Morales, by reason of smoking hot wife."

Aina's laughter was like a tonic of pleasure for Leonel. He felt like he was riding on a cloud.

He knew that Aina didn't want to change her name from Brazinger until she could make that family regret their actions, but much like him... she seemed to have chosen him over the world, chosen him even over herself.

The two of them had become one in a way very few could.

"I apologize, I've been rude," Aina continued seductively. "Please punish me."

She pressed her ass a little more firmly against Leonel, grinding down.

She bent forward a little, a cute little pink dot staring back up at Leonel. Clearly, she wanted him to take it.

"Why does that sound like exactly what you want?" Leonel asked, his hands grasping Aina's waist so firmly that she squirmed with excitement.

Leonel was actually very tempted to take what she wanted to give him, but he felt that doing so while Aina wasn't quite in her right mind would be irresponsible of him.

That said, he also didn't want to ruin the mood with his sudden bout of morality, so he grinned instead.

"I don't know what you mean, Mr. Morales," Aina said innocently, her ass wiggling back on him.

SLAP.

Aina squealed, a slight giggle of delight coming from her cherry lips.

She reached back from her leaning position, wanting to give her wrists to Leonel so he could really rail her. But what she didn't expect was for Leonel to take her wrist and suddenly pull her off of him and onto her knees. With the height of the water, her nipples only faintly peeked over the waterline.

Her misty eyes glittered with excitement as they landed on the veiny rod before her, its heat slapping against her forehead.

"You can't give little vixens what they want," Leonel said righteously.

Aina was caught between making another quippy remark and really wanting to take his cock into her mouth.

The latter won out.

Her body shuddered with pleasure as her soft lips wrapped around him. One would have thought that she was pleasuring herself.

She grabbed Leonel's hips, her eyes watering even more as she pushed her down as far as she could go.

Leonel watched speechlessly. This wife of his had really lost her mind...

He grinned. He liked that.