Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2565  Peace

Aina pouted and laid back down on Leonel's chest. She was clearly very unhappy. If she had known this would happen, she would have gone too. Although she could only use Soul Force, surely Dream Force wasn't that hard to learn, right? Honestly for Aina, she rarely used Forces other than various Weapon Force and Blood Force not because she couldn't, but because she didn't like putting her eggs in too many baskets. Spreading the wealth was good practice in most cases, but not when your task was becoming as strong as humanly possible. In fact, even her Weapon Forces were purely used in accessory to her Ax Force. So really, she only used two Forces mainly. However, with her Clairvoyance, learning other Forces was not very difficult at all. For example, the lightning Force she gained access to in her demon form, it progressed along easily even though she rarely practiced it much. It could be said that her Blood Force and Ax Force were already at an extreme level. It was just that she was much like Leonel, unable to bring out their full strength due to the limitation of her Dimensional level. Right now, she was working on her own unique methods of pulling out more potential from herself. Unlike others, the fact she had progressed her Dimensions too quickly honestly didn't bother her too much. She didn't need to return to the Third Dimension like Leonel had because she had perfect control over her body and soul. Separately, the Wise Tablets could only rate Aina's Clairvoyance skills as Gold Grade… But what if both were in the same body? That was a different matter entirely. "How?" Aina finally grumbled. "Well, I could participate in the Gathering of Kingdoms personally. But I had a much better idea."

"And that is?" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Send you instead."

Aina raised an eyebrow. "Why's that a good idea?"

In truth, it would probably feel good. She'd get to lay claim to her territory, and bash in the faces of a few harlots overextending themselves trying to touch what didn't belong to them. But on the other hand, one Leonel had already attracted so much attention, if a second Aina appeared wouldn't it feel like the humans were rising up again? There would be some people who really didn't like that. And some of those people would be Gods.  "Well are you?" Leonel asked with a grin. "Human, that is."

Aina blinked, suddenly understanding. "You want me to participate as a demon?"

"Well, you don't really need to say as much, but they'll connect the dots themselves. And honestly, even if they think you to be a human, I don't think it'll change much. "Plus, I don't want you using your Blood Sovereignty in front of all of those people. I don't know if Invalids appear in the same form in this world because I haven't actually done much research on it. But I'm sure they exist. "There's also one other thing to mention. Winning isn't necessary. The culling is only for the bottom rung, we just need to make it far enough to not be among them. Then, you can withdraw.

"I'm sure they'll try some underhanded methods, but nothing we can't handle. They'll be preparing for me anyway. When they get you, they'll get a huge wake up call."

"Okay," Aina said with a smile. It didn't matter if Aina participated as a demon or not because as things went, their "world" was now formed of six Bubble Words now that had fused into one. When Leonel thought about it, it might even be that the Demons were eager to charge into this land precisely so that they could get the protection of the Dream Pavilion, only to realize that they wouldn't have a chance at it any longer. They probably even thought that they were already safe. Leonel almost felt bad. Almost. The Gathering of Kingdoms focused purely on the younger generation for obvious reasons. They wanted to test the potential of worlds. There would be no Ninth Dimension monsters this time around and the strongest would be in the Seventh Dimension, Aina's Dimension. Of course, the handicap of not being able to use her Blood Sovereignty to the greatest degree, not to mention the fact she was born and raised in an Incomplete World, would weigh heavily on Aina. But Leonel was quite confident that she'd bash quite a few heads in. Those poor honey traps wouldn't even see what was coming. After talking about these things, Leonel and Aina forgot about the world again and sank into their own fantasies. Sometimes they would talk and laugh, sometimes they would have soft vanilla sex and sometimes they might jump off the deep end, mostly led by Aina's drunk antics. Leonel found it amusing how "drunk" his little wife got whenever they had sex with their souls. She lost her filter, her words would make a sailor seem prim and proper, and she always seemed to "forget" what happened. Of course, Leonel knew she never forgot. With their souls so close, he could practically feel all of her memories. She remembered quite clearly, she just chose to conveniently not say a thing. Leonel silently filed away this perfect sort of blackmail material, loving every second of it. He could't find himself tiring of calling her his wife, and this time really meant it. Well, he had always meant it, but there was a deep resonance with his soul this time, one that made him smile from ear to ear like a made man. His soul felt firmer than it ever had before, and the feeling of knowing where she was, what she was feeling, what she wanted, no matter how far apart they were or how much time passed was more reassuring than he could have ever known. This sort of peace, he wanted it to last forever. The idea of a struggle that would last for a lifetime had truly begun to piss Leonel off somewhat. He would do whatever he could to ensure that one day… at least for his family in this little corner of the world… peace would be all they knew. This week will only have two chapters a day. A more in depth announcement is in the announcement channel of my discord if you're curious about why. Unfortunately, the announcement is too long to put here. /Awespec is the code for entry. Awespec

 