Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
2567 Broken

Leonel released a shuddering breath. His bronzed skin shimmered, reflecting like metal beneath the son, and yet still being soft beneath Aina's touch. Well, the skin was soft. The muscle beneath was anything but.

Between his Vital Star Force, his Metal Body and his various Lineage Factors, his body was a cut machine.

His muscles were compressed to the absolute extreme, giving him a somewhat lean silhouette. But his chest was broad and his shoulders were akin to boulders. Remembering a certain anime his dad really liked back on Earth, his own back could be said to have a demon face of its own, the sunlight getting lost in its deep crevices.

It wasn't just his upper body either. Even the slightest twitch of his legs revealed striations and cut separations of his quads, while his abs would have descended into infinity if not for his crotch.

However, it was one thing to look like this, but the power he felt rolling through his veins was on a completely different level.

Right now, he felt that he could crush the likes of Khelgis and his companion with a single fist. He wouldn't even need to take out his spear, and he had yet to even forge his Divine Armor.

Leonel smiled down at the woman in his arms. He kissed her head, taking in that familiar scent that was so reminiscent of apple cider.

"Finished?" Aina asked.

"Yeah, I am. For now," Leonel said.

"For now, huh? You want to ruin my honeymoon." She said in a pouty and willful voice, but it was clear she wasn't very serious.

Leonel laughed. "We can stay here for as long as you want. Worse comes to worst, we can just leave the human Bubbles behind and go traveling. Who needs a Dream Pavilion?"

Leonel wasn't being sarcastic in the slightest. If that was what Aina wanted, he'd do it. Nothing else really felt all that important to him right now.

The only people he'd worry about would be his brothers, who were already with him, and his mother and grandparents, who had their own plans.

Aina smiled sweetly. "I'm not that bad, I'll let you do what you need to do... eventually."

"I did want to ask something, though. How's your Dream Force? Do you use it?"

Aina laughed, feeling a bit speechless. But then she felt it made sense.

She made food for Leonel all the time, and that ability was like an extension of her Clairvoyance. When their souls intertwined, she could subtly feel what he needed and act on it.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

So, it could be said that Aina was highly familiar with Leonel's many paths as she was always able to adjust to them perfectly, giving him exactly what he needed.lightsnovel

But, Leonel didn't have the same ability. Although he could use his Ability Index to just scan and forcefully comprehend Aina through route logic, it felt a bit... artificial.

He didn't mind it if it was for the sake of giving his wife pleasure in bed, he still used some of that even to this day though not as strictly as in the past, more so casually. But using it for anything felt like unnecessarily prying into her secrets. It felt wrong.

"I used Soul Force before, but, uh..." Aina's voice trailed off. Then she began somewhat of a long explanation.

It turned out that when their souls interacted like that, a large part of the reason Aina entered a drunken state was because she was being somewhat overwhelmed by Leonel's Dream Force.

The sensory information that Leonel was fielding at once was several levels above Aina, and due to that, in the feedback loop they entered, she was always the one taking the brunt of it.

Leonel was used to fielding so much sensory information at once, but she wasn't. It overwhelmed her nervous system and she practically went into shock, her thoughts becoming a little dull as though she had taken one too many shots of alcohol.

However, even with those "drawbacks", that Leonel didn't really feel were drawbacks, the level of intimacy between their souls had reached a level where rather than just vaguely being able to understand what Leonel needed, Aina could feel it as clear as day. When that was matched with the added clarity she felt after her death, it practically felt like Leonel was a clone of herself in a weird sense... essentially, only in the sense that her Soul Clairvoyance worked just as easily on Leonel as it did herself.

Clearly, this was a perk of being husband and wife. Leonel didn't know what sort of ritual Aina had completed during their wedding night, but it definitely held more weight than maybe either of them knew.

Even so, what was there to regret?

So what if the other could get a clear look at their entire being whenever they wanted? Their level of trust in one another had long since reached that state even without this step.

The only difference was that in this situation, they had actually benefited greatly. Though, Aina had likely benefited much more in the immediate future.

"...My Blood Force is almost at the Middle Life State, my Ax Force is at the Lower Life State. The black lightning Force I use sometimes is only at the Peak Impetus State. Those should be my main Forces and the ones I use the most.

"The weird thing, though, is that other ones appeared suddenly. I didn't understand until I realized it was actually you."

Leonel's lip twitched. She just gained an extra to Life State Forces just like that? Wasn't this ability a little too broken?

But he didn't realize that she wasn't even done.

"I can even feel your Sovereignties as well. Dream Sovereignty is actually very useful. My Soul Clairvoyance made it easy to protect my mind already, but with the two, I feel like I'm unlocking other abilities I didn't even know I had.

"I don't really need Spear or Bow Sovereignty, but Destruction Sovereignty is very useful too..."