2568 Steps

Aina giggled. "Don't look at me like that. This is what they call 'taking responsibility'."

Leonel laughed. He guessed that could be considered better than any dowry or gift to the family. But it wasn't like it was completely thanks to him that Aina was able to gain this.

Without her Soul Clairvoyance, a clearly broken ability, she would have never been able to do it. Now, she was probably even more powerful than she had been in the past.

But this was also good in Leonel's views. One of them would never have to worry about falling behind the other. They'd always be able to keep up with each other like this, especially since...

"Don't pout so much, this means I can help you a lot too. I can feel the recipes for a lot of Force Pills you need floating around in my mind."

"Like?" Leonel asked.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Well, I can see that you want to use your Death Pulse Deer and Golden Tiger Lineage Factors as sacrifices to make your body stronger. You're relying on your comprehension to do that, using your understanding of Earth Force, Constellation Force, and your Scarlet Star Force to succeed.

"But I can see that you're still losing a lot of its potential. I would imagine that the true Golden Tiger and Death Pulse Deer are exceptionally powerful creatures and their strength, even in the Fourth Dimension, wouldn't be so limited.

"I can create a series of Pills that make the Lineage Factors, um, I guess you could say more in line with your goals for them?"

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Well, right now the purpose of those two Lineage Factors isn't exactly what you want them to be. Though they have portions of themselves that do enhance the body, especially during a beast transformation, they're actually more focused on Force and Force usage.

"Trying to transfer potential to use Force into pure bodily strength isn't an easy one-to-one transition. I'd say you're losing out on probably... 90% of the potential, at the very least? The issue is mostly in how your Lineage Factor is manifesting itself.

"Lineage Factors appear in all sorts of different ways. Some appear as new organelles within your cells, some create new tissue, mutating existing organs or creating new ones entirely, some focus on the blood cells creating new or different types, some change the folds of your brain... the number of paths is endless.

"In this particular case, there are a few changes to consider, but they mostly occur in your mind, between your soul and your brain. There's a heavy emphasis on these Lineage Factors increasing your capacity and affinity for certain Forces over making physical changes to your body, and that's why they're so hard to convert.

"You're trying to take something that's almost metaphysical and make it purely physical, there's no easy way to make that conversion."

"But my lovely wife can?" Leonel asked with a grin.

Aina smiled sweetly. "I can, but it won't be a single-step process, nothing this complex ever is.

"First, I have to convert those subtler changes to your soul and use them to influence your Ethereal Glabella. Then, using the Ethereal Glabella as a bridge, I can use those former soul fluctuations to cause changes to your brain.

"Once that's finished, your own body can begin upshifting and down-regulating certain genes you already have within you, amplifying certain changes.

"But ultimately, that will only get you to around... 30%, I guess? That's still triple your current power, but that's not quite enough, and every further step is more difficult.

"The main problem is that the God Beasts probably chose this route because it was the easiest to get the greatest number to succeed. If they could have given humans bodies comparable to their Beast Envoys, they probably would have done it already.

"Even if you're up or down-regulating certain Genes, they'll still be human Genes for the most part, though you seem to have another set within you unrelated to us...lightsnovel

"Then that means that we'll need measures a bit more drastic to push it beyond 30%. So, I'll need to create a feedback loop between your body, brain, Ethereal Glabella, and Soul. That will probably be the most intensive process and it will require the most resources, but assuming success, it can get you to 50%.

"That will be the hardest part because afterward, your Ability Index can take root. I'll then connect the feedback loop to your Ability Index and you'll gain personal control over the process. By then, the process toward 100% will be entirely reliant on how many resources we can find for you to absorb.

"So, like five or six steps, maybe? To reach 100%. That'll require at least one pill each, maybe more depending on certain things and resources we have on hand."

Aina practically finished talking in a single breath and Leonel just looked at her, feeling a bit guilty.

Force Pill Crafting was clearly something that Aina was passionate about, and he knew so little about it. He hadn't even known what Forces she specialized in, or more accurately, what level they had reached. Yet, she knew him like the back of her hand.

He held her tight. "My wife is so smart."

Aina scoffed. "When you say it like that, you make it sound like you thought I was stupid."

"No?" Leonel grinned, earning him a pinch.

"You're getting a little too glib, Mr. Morales."

"I liked husband better, let me hear it again."

"Hmph," Aina turned away, pretending to be mad.

"If you're too stubborn, I might have to punish you again," Leonel said with an evil smile.

Aina's shoulder trembled. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Oh? Is that so? Miss 'all my holes are yours'?"

Aina gasped. "I did not say it like that!"

"So you remember after all!" Leonel's grin became wider. "What do you say? Still willing to let me take it?"

Leonel lightly patted Aina's perky bottom.

"Sure," she said a little too quickly before she raised up a palm. A surge of Earth Force gathered on her palm, forming a tower that looked a little too familiar for Leonel's liking.

He looked down at his crotch.

"So long as you let me get a turn," she spoke between a fit of giggles, pushing Leonel down.