Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
2569 Wealth

2569 Wealth

Leonel managed to protect his backside, albeit just barely. Giving Aina access to Earth Force though… Very bad idea.

Aina ended up giving him a list of things she would need to make the first batch of pills and they actually weren't so bad. It would be a simple matter to trade for those things through the Dream Pavilion. Even with all those ridiculous restrictions they placed to suppress the Vast Dream Pavilion, there was still a great deal of advantage you could get from them if you knew how to make use of those chances.

Leonel knew, though, that out of respect for Aina, they would definitely have to go and see her father.

She probably thought that he would forget, which was why she was still clinging to him and was being a bit defiant about letting him go.

It was one thing to not inform her father about who she was dating and sharing a bed with. But Leonel was her husband now. The weight of the two things was completely different even if to many it just felt like a small change in title.

Leonel had always… well, almost always treated her well. At the very least, when they took the titles of boyfriend and girlfriend, he had never done anything to hurt her and he often put her own happiness far ahead of his own.

They had both loved each other for a long time and that feeling had never changed but…

There was just something about that step that they had taken together that made the world's colors seemed brighter, made their feelings feel sweeter…

The way his eyes lit up when she called him husband, and the way her smile brightened when he called her wife…

Even without anything changing, it somehow felt like everything had changed.

This was her man, her life partner, her other half.

There was simply no way she couldn't tell her father about this. Even if Leonel didn't get his approval ahead of time, they owed him a conversation afterward.

Luckily, Aina knew that Leonel wouldn't forget about such a thing. So she patiently waited with a sweet smile on her face, clinging to him as he practiced his techniques. There was a deep peace in her heart that wasn't going anywhere, and would likely never go anywhere.

As for Leonel, well… he was stalling. No, he wasn't stalling, he definitely had something very important to do, and that was of course to understand his path to entering the Fifth Dimension.

Why would he be stalling?

The Third Dimension focused on Force, but the Fourth Dimension focused on the body. The former established a connection with the higher energies of the world while the latter essentially refined yourself with them.

Of course, this was a bit of a deeper layer. On the surface, you formed your Nodes in the Third Dimension, and in the Fourth you established the periphery network of Nodal Pathways that circulated said Forces around your body more ubiquitously.

You would connect your Nodes in addition to creating a large network that could put the original circulatory system to shame.

The first time Leonel crossed the Fourth Dimension, he had stepped clear across it, hopping from the Third directly to the Peak of the Fourth. He entered the Fifth not even a few days later.

It could be said that he wasn't necessarily familiar with a slow and winding process of making it through the Fourth Dimension, but the fact he had blazed through it was its own form of familiarity. With his Control Ability Index, very few would understand how to make substantial changes to their body aside from him.

You'd likely have to have Body Clairvoyance like Aina did to surpass him in this area.lightsnovel

The problem, of course, was that his father's [Final Destruction] technique didn't work like that.

His Nodes weren't located in his body, they were rather in the Second Dimension in his self-created Destruction World.

This posed a clear problem. How would he form a connected network through his body if he didn't even Nodes within him?

Pain.

That was the real answer to the question. He'd have to suffer again, and this time he'd have to withstand an assault of his being, his soul and his body at the same time.

According to his father's method, he would have to form a connection between his World of Destruction and not just his body, but each one of his cells individually.

To be considered to have entered Tier 1, he would have to establish a connection with 10% of his cells, so on and so forth until 90% for Tier 9. He would then have to hit 100% to be qualified to make an attempt to enter the Fifth Dimension.

He was essentially making his entire body a Nodal Pathway. He would be able to eject Force from any cell of his body.

Leonel couldn't help but wonder if this would impact Aina's plans for him. After all, she talked about changing his Gene expression and this might change that as well, especially when he got into the details of what his father wanted him to do.

"… This really might complicate things," Aina fell into her thoughts. "It will be hard to tell unless I can feel the changes."

"You don't have to try and seduce me like this. I am at your service," Leonel said righteously.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Aina laughed. Technically, their souls were always connected now so they didn't need to go so far, but she had no intention of correcting him.

"Try it with one cell first, I might be able to feel it."

Leonel sighed. "My old man is really a glutton for punishment, just that he likes punishing me instead of himself.

"I'll need a ton of resources to do this too, I'll need one complete Essence of Pure Ninth Dimensional Reinforced Urbe Ore per cell. He's trying to kill me."

Aina's eyes widened.

One Essence Reinforced Urbe Ore, especially Ninth Dimensional, was heavy. It wasn't a single kilogram, it was a thousand.

A normal human body of Earth had over 30 trillion cells in it.

As for Leonel, he had over a hundred times that.

Just to enter the Fifth Dimension, he'd need the wealth of world that probably rivaled a Demi-God World!