Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
2570 Requirements

2570 Requirements

The worst part of all of this was the fact that this was just the requirement to make it to the Peak of the Fourth Dimension; this wasn't the list of requirements to enter the Fifth Dimension, as that was its own can of worms. Leonel was actually worried to check.

A thousand kilograms of Pure Reinforced Urbe Ore per cell for over 300 trillion of them. That was so many zeroes Leonel didn't even want to count them out.

Even so, without a choice, he looked at the requirements for entering the Fifth Dimension and he almost facepalmed.

[Elevate all Forces to the Half-Step Life State]

[Comprehend Black Constellation Realm]

[Comprehend Black True Destruction Sovereignty]

[Comprehend Dream Sovereignty]

[Swallow World Spirit of Demi-God World]

[Forge self-created Natural Force Art]

[Elicit Auspicious Air]

Leonel released an audible groan.

The list was fine for the most part. He was making good headway on all of them. They even made sense. They weren't asking him to make excessive changes to his body like the others had.

This made sense. The Fifth Dimension was all about elevating one's state of mind, breaking free of prior restrictions and reaching a higher level.

The fact that all the requirements seemed to be related to his mind were all in line with this.

However, what were the last two supposed to be about? How was he going to do that?

Setting aside the clearly suicidal implications of the second to last option, the last one made his head spin.

A Force Art capable of eliciting Auspicious Air was ridiculous. There was a reason it was called a Natural Force Art… it was Natural, it was in the name. It was something formed by Existence. It could be gathered, sometimes controlled, but you couldn't just create it because you wanted to.

Leonel had one in his mind right now, though it had long since outlived its use. He had outgrown it.

He originally received it in the Merlin Zone, a mere Fourth Dimensional Zone. So it could be said that the fact it had survived for so long was a testament to just how valuable these things were. It took him elevating his mind to the Impetus State for him to feel that it had no use whatsoever… and it was Fourth Dimensional!

Leonel faintly remembered the feeling that [Dimensional Cleanse] might have something related to Natural Force Arts within it, but he still hadn't fully comprehended what that was after all this time and now that he had to make it so far it wasn't helping.

At this point, between needing the wealth of a near Demi-God world, and having to claim the World Spirit of one, he might as well be an egg throwing himself at a rock. Plenty wonderful.

It took him entering a battle Royale with a bunch of Ninth Dimensional powerhouses, of races that made humans look like weak mice, just to get his hands on the Evolution Ore he needed.

If he wanted to accomplish this, he'd probably have to start selling himself on a nearby street corner.

Leonel really didn't have the words for this old man of his.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Until this point, [Final Destruction] could be practiced in an Incomplete World. Although the Ores of the Dimensional Verse and other worlds of the like were weak, with Anastasia they were a dip in the Cleansing Waters away from reaching perfection.lightsnovel

In fact, it would have been far easier to progress in an Incomplete World until this point. No one would be able to threaten him and he could directly snatch anything he needed.

But his father shouldn't even have a concept of a Demi-God World Spirit, and an incomplete World certainly didn't either.

'No, that's not true…'

Leonel's thoughts shifted to Anastasia again. She was a World Spirit, and an extremely powerful one at that. She had just been handicapped due to the stupidity of the Minerva Race.

Anastasia would be all the reference his father needed to draw some conclusions.

He also had to remember that the dictionary was translating the intentions of his father based on words he could understand. That meant that Demi-God World Spirit should just be a mixture of Velasco's understanding and Leonel's own.

Even so, it should be accurate. When it was an average of these two minds, it would be rare for them to be incorrect.

Velasco knew exactly how powerful the World Spirit had to be, and Leonel had learned enough about this world by now to make accurate enough guesses.

Thinking to this point, Leonel knew that there was no wiggling out of it.

He sighed.

His reaction this time had been much more fierce than the other times. He had a much more joking air in the past as though he was bantering with his father again, but he never really doubted that he could do it.

But this time…

There were positives to the choices he had made with his Dream Force, but there were also drawbacks.

But he would Persist.

'I bet there's World Spirits for sale in the Dream Pavilion, even ones that high up. Those people have no shame.'

Demi-God Worlds were more in number than actual Demi-God powers. The Pure Bloods were a perfect example.

He'd just have to find a way to get his hands on one.

Still, dealing with the power behind it was one thing, but what about the World Spirit itself? Anastasia directly avoided contact with other World Spirits due to the danger, so would it be different here? What if they could destroy him with a wave of their hands?

Leonel took a breath and exhaled. He settled himself down, feeling his heartbeat slow beat by beat.

He could do this. With his wife's hand in his, what couldn't he do?

He opened his eyes. "Should we go visit a certain father-in-law now?" He suddenly said.

Aina smiled. "Why does that make it sound like there's more than one?"

"Who knows? Does pops swing that way?"

Aina rolled her eyes, but the happiness in her eyes was as clear as the fluttering butterflies of nervousness in her gut.

She hoped this would go well.