Chapter 2574 Happy

Leonel was intelligent. At that moment, it clicked. Ability Indexes weren't inheritable, but Lineage Factors were designed to be passed down. Because he knew about Sparks, he thought that Aina had just created her own and it seemed to make sense that such a thing would birth from her Body Clairvoyance Lineage Factor.

But this... this also made sense. In fact, it made much more sense.

Miel released Leonel's hand and looked into the distant skies, trying to regain his composure. The two men stood there in silence for a long while as he regained his composure, but Leonel didn't seem to be in a hurry.

"... You make my daughter happy."

It was hard to tell immediately if it was a question or not. He seemed to already have the answers he wanted from the wedding band, but it was hard to remove his distaste for Leonel in a single bound.

Even so, it didn't change Leonel's answer in the slightest.

"Between the world and Aina, I choose Aina."

Miel's gaze flashed and his eyes landed on Leonel like lightning. His crimson irises held wave after wave of emotion.

There was a lot of surprise, some reminiscence, some guilt, some... disdain? But it didn't seem to be aimed at Leonel at all, which only made it odder.

Miel sighed. "Stop using your Dream Force on me. You can't see what I don't want you to see."

Leonel's own gaze flashed, but then he looked toward the man skeptically. Miel was only in the Eight Dimension, and he obviously wasn't that kind of super genius, or else he would have wiped out the human alliance he hated so much already.

Was it because of Soul Clairvoyance? That probably made sense, Aina had perfect control over her mind.

"It's not because of Soul Clairvoyance," Miel explained simply.

Leonel smiled. "Is this where my father-in-law establishes his dominance?"

"Yes." Miel replied simply, taking Leonel off guard somewhat.

At that moment, Miel's aura seemed to skyrocket and in the blink of an eye, it was at a level that left Leonel completely suffocated, so powerful and all consuming that the fused Bubble Worlds trembled.

Then it disappeared.

Leonel blinked. "That wasn't real strength, you projected that into my mind."

"Of course I did. I don't want others to know, I have my own circumstances."

Miel didn't explain further, but the implication was clear. No matter how grand your imagination, without actually having that level of strength, it was impossible to fake it even through a mental projection.

"I want you to know that I'm much more powerful than you think."

'Used to be,' Leonel thought, somewhat defiantly. But again, he held his tongue.

However, even though he did, Miel actually smiled, looking at him with a knowing glint in his eye. The man who never smiled lips actually curled. Even Aina would be floored if she was here.

But honestly, Miel was in a very good mood. There was suddenly a lot to smile about.

"Since things have reached this point, I have nothing else to say about the matters between you and my daughter. Just treat her well and I won't have to kill you."

Leonel's brows raised but he eventually nodded solemnly.

"Now, about the Gathering of Kingdoms," Miel cast a glance up at the skies. "I can take you two away to a place. You can't hide in the Dream Pavilion although the Steles aura can't penetrate it. According to the rules, a Dream Pavilion must be attached to a world, so they'll use the culling as an excuse to take it away.

"The best option is to give up the Dream Pavilion for now and I will take you to a Spiritual Bubble that is quite open and accepting of Half Spirituals. With your and Aina's abilities, you will be able to blend in with a few simple methods."

Leonel hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. If it wasn't Miel, how could he ever hesitate to tell someone his thoughts.

"We can participate," Leonel suddenly said. "In fact, I plan to have Aina participate alone."

Miel frowned, but the reaction wasn't as violent as Leonel was expecting, so at the very least, they could have a normal conversation about it.

Rather than saying more, though, Leonel waved a palm and Scarlet Star Force manifested. Then, his Dream Force flourished, a crown appearing above his head and robes adorning his body in wisps of silver and gold fog.

Miel's pupils constricted. "Life State!"

He could feel that there was something elevated about Leonel's existence, but it was hard to scan a Dream Force expert. It wasn't just this that made it hard to get a grasp on Leonel, but also the fact he seemed to be in the Fifth Dimension, but was actually in the fourth.

"I think you know how it works, Aina's insights into her own Forces were already comparable to my own, but now she's gained mine well."

Outside of Leonel's expectations, Miel was actually surprised by this.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Then Leonel remembered something... Ability Indexes were separated into five tiers, but they weren't the only abilities with tiers to them.

Not everyone with the Northern Star Lineage Factor could form a connection with the Golden Tiger or Death Pulse Deer like Leonel could, and the concept was the same here.

Clearly, Miel didn't expect his daughter to already be at this stage.

But eventually, he shook his head.

"It's not enough. Your Force Comprehension is exceptional, but talent weighs very heavily in Existence. Someone with much weaker comprehension than your own can make up for it by their sheer body constitution. The only way to equalize that somewhat is to reach the Ninth Dimension, but even then if the gap in talent is too large, it would be hard to make up for."

Leonel smiled. "Good thing, then, that Aina doesn't just have Soul Clairvoyance, she had Body Clairvoyance as well as an Ability Index."

Miel's eyes opened wide and he seemed to really look at Leonel for the first time.

"Bring me to my daughter," he suddenly said.