Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2579 Together

But... it was also because he was a Fawkes that certain plans had better odds of success than others did.

"Should I?" Aina asked.

She did really want to practice the method, but the trouble was that the Gathering of Kingdoms was just on the horizon. If she bit off more than she could chew, she wouldn't have enough strength to win.

But at the same time, rebuilding her foundations through the use of her Body Clairvoyance was difficult.

"I actually think that you could manage it in a much shorter time than pops can," Leonel said.

"Are you going to keep calling him that?" Aina said with a roll of her eyes. The first time she thought it was just a joke, but it was obviously a pattern now.

Leonel laughed. "Do you want me to shun him? We can do that too. Whatever my lovely little wife wants."

Leonel had always called his father "old man" or "dad", he would never use such names for Miel because as much as he respected the man, there was no one he respected more than his father.

However, Miel was also family now. He didn't feel it was right to call the man by his first name, and since Aina had built the bridge between them this time, it seemed that it was Leonel's turn to try and build a bridge in kind.

"Call him whatever you want," Aina said with a pout.

Leonel smiled. He could sense Aina's complicated feelings on the matter, but he could also tell that there was a part of her that felt happy Leonel and her father were at least on decent terms now.

"Like I was saying, though, the pairing of Body and Soul Clairvoyance should make this technique go by even quicker for you. You should be able to reach the ninth Reincarnation quite quickly, a few decades, maybe."

There was no limit to using [Soul Reincarnation], but there was a point of diminishing returns. This was a limit of the technique itself, rather than the actual method of Reincarnation.

After the ninth attempt, it would take three more before you had the same returns as the first Reincarnation. After that, it would take nine more to have the same as the second, and 81 more to have the same as the third.

It went on and on like this, each attempt taking far more time than the last. So the ninth Reincarnation was known as reaching perfection in the method.

"Plus, I have a feeling that being bonded to my soul will actually help you. And, with the Dream Pavilion at our backs, and all the Contribution Points in the world to spend on just the two of us, I think you can knock out the first Reincarnation in just a few days.

"The only question is if you want to."

Technically, the two were still on their honeymoon. Meeting with Miel was supposed to be the cherry on top, but it had ended up being far more doom and gloom than either of the two had hoped.

Jumping right into practice and meditation from here on was a bit of a hard pivot, and Leonel wanted to give Aina the room to decide.

"You really think I can reach the top 100 without it?" Aina responded with her own question instead of answering directly.

"If I didn't think you could reach the top 100 easily, if there was even an inkling of doubt, I wouldn't even suggest it."

Aina smiled. "You believe that much in me?"

"Of course. I actually think that you're already capable of battling the Ninth Dimensional humans of these Bubble Worlds if you went all out, I just haven't asked you to because it's never really been necessary."

Aina was progressing with astonishing quickness ever since she awoke. While he was stuck in the Golden City, she was still lacking a bit, but since then she just kept soaring by leaps and bounds. After they got married, her strength was even more ridiculous. Though, Leonel honestly had the feeling that she'd never use his Forces, not because of some twisted moral logic about unfairness, but rather because she was already following the path that was perfect for her.

Other than around the edges here and there, and maybe to hide some of her real strength during the tournament, she probably wouldn't use his comprehensions much.

"And it's also because... I have a pretty good feeling that you're a God Childe." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"A God Childe?" Aina blinked in confusion.

Leonel explained what El'Rion had told him and Aina's eyes flashed with recognition.

"So that's why...?"

That voice that was always in her head only finally disappeared after she was revived. And honestly, it could be said that part of the reason she always had a sheer masochistic form of training was because it was the only thing that quieted that voice somewhat.

"Yes," Leonel nodded. "I think that right now, whether it's your Body Clairvoyance or Soul Clairvoyance, they're actually much more substantial in weight than they would be in anyone else. Almost as though you've unlocked a sixth tier of them beyond the Savant Tier."

Aina blinked, lost in thought for a while before she smiled.

"Okay then, then how about together?"

"Together?" Leonel asked.

"Why train separately?" Aina continued. "There's nothing stopping us from doing it together, it'll be our own unique honeymoon."

Leonel smiled. "Okay, then let's make like newly weds and spend a ridiculous amount of money. Just a pair of sugar daddy and woman who married for money."

Aina laughed as they vanished, their destination the Dream Pavilion.