Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2581 Simulation

"For you, I-"

"Nah, I mean for you. If there's something you need to complete your first Reincarnation and I can't trade for it, it would be bad. There shouldn't be a problem, but better safe than sorry."

Aina blinked and suddenly smiled meaningfully.

"What?" Leonel asked, confused.

"You're underestimating me a little too much."

"What happened to 'you believe in me so much?'" Leonel said in the best Aina impression he could muster. Considering his Ability Index and Dream Force, he might as well have been her in those first few seconds.

Aina rolled her eyes. "My methods work on a higher level than that, I can even find unconventional paths where others wouldn't see them. I react to the resources that are on hand, not the other way around. So long as there's a decent enough selection, there won't be any roadblocks."

"Oh? So why did it sound like you had a perfect plan laid out for me already?"

"Because I do. But what's important isn't necessarily the resources themselves, but rather the steps. I can think of a hundred different ways to achieve the same goal."

Leonel's eyes brightened with understanding. It was an extremely powerful ability, the only drawback was that Aina needed to be in the moment.

She couldn't think of herself in a different state and then make plans based on it. She needed to be in that state first, only then could she make her plans. Which meant that she would need to trigger [Soul Reincarnation] first before they did anything.

But, Leonel had another idea.

What if she relied on his Simulation abilities? If Leonel could make a perfect simulation of an event, and Aina sensed it through him, wouldn't she be able to create a counter to any and all circumstances?

The idea lit his eyes up.

There was no one more intimate with Aina's body than himself. He even had a perfect clone of her in his mind from when the Metamorphosis first began on Earth. In fact, he had a perfect replica of her from even back when they were just students in Royal Blue Academy.

The beauty of Leonel's Dream Force was that he could retroactively go back into his memories and fill in details that he had originally missed. Much like how he suddenly remembered his mother after swapping his Soul Force for Dream Force, he could likewise do the same for Aina, except on a much deeper level.

Leonel suddenly grabbed Aina's shoulders and she was confused for a moment before she sensed an image with striking clarity slowly weeding its way into her mind.

Her eyes opened wide, but then she subconsciously began to focus on it, a flood of thoughts and deductions she hadn't considered before bombarding her from all sides. Then, it all suddenly clicked.

A long while later, her gaze slowly sharpened into focus once again and she looked at Leonel with hints of surprise still coloring her eyes.

She seemed to understand the weight of this just as much as Leonel did.

If Leonel could do this, not just for herself, but for everyone... just how powerful could they lead them to become?

Between Leonel's Simulations, Aina's Clairvoyance, and the Life Tablet, wouldn't they be able to create a stable of elites that could rival the Gods?

"Let's test it out," Leonel said. "Start on the path you think will work. Every Force Pill you concoct will be another that I add to the Simulation, allowing the virtual version of you to progress, and we'll see what happens.

"That way, you can use your current comprehension to concoct your Force Pills instead of having to rebuild them back up first. Let alone a few days, you could reforge your path in just a few hours."

Aina's eyes lit up.

Indeed, Force Pill Crafting was another discipline that required a large amount of comprehension. If she was relying on her comprehension as a Third Dimensional existence, it would take time and any number of variables could crop up.

However, with this method, she could use her current comprehension to elevate her much weaker self, lay out a perfect plan first, and only then would she Reincarnate.

By then, she'd have a perfect slate of pills waiting for her to pop into her mouth one after the other. The only variable of time at that point would be how long it took her to digest and integrate the pills into herself, and then how long it would take her to reforge her comprehensions.

However, the higher her Dimensions, the stronger her soul, and the sharper her Soul Clairvoyance would be. By the time she returned to the Seventh Dimension, it would only take her maybe minutes at worst to compile everything once again.

"No..." Aina said, almost talking to herself. "... if I infuse my Force Pills with my comprehensions, timing it with the perfect moments of enlightenment, then I won't need to waste even that bit of time." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Aina was already lost in her thoughts, and she had already thought of the first pill she needed.

She listed off some ingredients and Leonel found them quickly. She entered a state of meditation and then began to concoct, her Blood Force flying about like rippling tides in the air.

They didn't bother to stop as Aina finished off one pill after another, adjusting to Leonel's Simulations and taking the perfect step every single time.

After barely an hour, an array of Force Pills lay before them, a total of six. Each one seemed to contain a world of its own and the skill made Leonel shake his head. He really needed to get back into Force Crafting or else this little wife of his would leave him far behind.

After giving Leonel an excited look and a bright smile, Aina sunk into another state of meditation.

Soon, her aura began to plummet. From the Seventh Dimension to the Sixth, from the Sixth to the Fifth and then finally way down to the Third once more.