Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2586 Blood and Gore

People were concentrated in certain areas and they weren't really interacting with the city much at all. It was more like they had all been randomly spawned here and were instead trying to reconfigure their bearings. The result was a "bustling" city that was instead filled with people looking around and observing one another.

It seemed that this made sense. After all, they were indeed randomly spawned here. Leonel still found the choice a bit weird, though.

There was no separation from people of different realms and such, they were just thrown into a hodgepodge and forced to co-mingle, something that was highly dangerous given the circumstances.

Aside from those Demi-God Worlds that were pretty much certain to pass, everyone else was on edge. Unless you had a good margin against reaching that 10% number, there was no way that you could be relaxed in this sort of environment. Even those that felt like they had a great chance were still on edge because things weren't entirely under your control.

The only way to guarantee that there would be no issues was to have a genius capable of reaching the top 100, something most of the worlds did not have considering the concentration of strength in the hands of a minority of worlds.

And, of course... Leonel and Aina were pretty much the only humans here. At the very least, whether it was with his eyes or his Internal Sight, he didn't catch a whiff of any of them. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Of course, that made sense. There were definitely humans outside of the human alliance, spread out across Existence. But these people likely lived ignoble existences that Leonel wouldn't wish on anyone. Slavery was probably the pinnacle of what they could hope for.

This, though, likewise made Leonel and Aina stick out like a sore thumb. In the midst of this sea of Nomads, Spirituals, Demons, Clouds, and even Beast Race members, they were particularly...

Ordinary.

A growl came from Leonel's back. He sent a glance to find that it was a lion Beast. Its fur was a bright gold, and its mane, as well as the tip of its tail, flickered with flames so dense that they really did look like thick matts of fur as well.

Though it sounded like a growl, it was actually speaking in a language as it raised a paw and pressed it down toward Leonel's head.

The paw didn't have any force behind it and looked harmless. In fact, it moved down like a normal pat on the head, almost as though the Beast found Leonel cute.

However, it stood at least five meters tall, and though it wasn't nearly so exaggerated, its paw felt like a house was falling down on him.

Then Leonel's Dream Force latched onto the language and retroactively translated everything from the start.

"Hoho, cute little humans. I didn't think we'd find some so early on, brothers. Look at the beauty, I'll definitely take her. Little man, I can take you in too. I've grown tired of pleasing my concubines, I need something fresh and new. I don't know if her little body can withstand me, though-Hohoho."

Leonel raised a hand and stopped the paw from touching his head.

Even without being Dream Force experts themselves, there was no doubt that these people all had their own methods of translating language. It was clear they understood what the Beast was saying as well as flashes of regret flashed in their eyes.

With his senses, Leonel could tell quite immediately that these people weren't lamenting because they felt sympathy, but rather because the lion Beast was the strongest existence in this little corner of the city and they felt it was a shame they weren't strong enough to fight over their "ownership".

Leonel's usual and immediate reaction to such stuff was rage. Even the slightest hint of crude language toward Aina was always met with death. However, his reaction this time didn't seem to be so vengeful.

Holding Aina's hand in his own, and the lion's paw in his other, his expression didn't seem to change in the slightest.

"Hoho, little human, you're stronger than you seem. This is good. If you're not, then you'll probably be torn to pieces by my concubines. They hate weak men."

Leonel flicked his wrist and the lion Beast suddenly found an uncontrollable force pushing its paw up.

It stumbled backward, its three other limbs stabilizing it as its paw remained in the air.

Leonel turned back as he lowered his hand. His palm reached forward, facing the ground as he seemed to make a reverse come here motion, his fingers tapping toward the ground.

The lion Beast was somewhat confused as it stumbled back and couldn't even react to the change.

Suddenly, the fire that made up its mane flared up and became as heavy as a mountain.

BOOM.

The head of the lion Beast crashed into the ground. It would have been a truly comical sight in any other situation, its ass still waving in the air while it roared, trying to wring its hand free. But maybe it was too stupid to realize just yet that freeing itself would be shredding apart its own head.

The eyes of many of the spectators widened, not sure what exactly they were seeing. However, they didn't have long to react before the roars of the lion Beast were muffled as its flames covered its entire head, covering it in a smooth surface of red that was barely transparent... just enough to allow one to see its expression of roaring agony.

At that moment, Leonel's fingers flickered across the air again and the flame on the beast's tail flared up, becoming solid as well as it grew into a tower at least a meter tall and a half meter thick.

Then, everyone looked away as the tail rushed down, driving into the lion's back side.

Blood and gore filled the skies.