Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2591 Finished?

"Finished?"

The sudden voice that wasn't amongst the ten Council Members caught many off guard. It wasn't like there was a rule against speaking, but at this point, the only people that they weren't allowed to offend were these ten, or else they would be playing with the lives of not just themselves, but their families, their friends, their entire worlds...

"Good." Leonel nodded when he didn't receive a response aside from sneers and gazes of derision.

Then, he suddenly vanished.

The ten Council Members couldn't react before Rhangyl's throat was suddenly in Leonel's palms.

BOOM!

Leonel drove the Spiritual Prince back with such speed and ferocity that lines of buildings were destroyed and a deep trench was dug into the hard, cobblestoned roads.

The eyes of several individuals widened considerably, but at this point, the only thing most could see was Leonel's tall back as he ripped something out of Rhangyl's hands.

Rhangyl's expression was entirely ice-cold. If Leonel could hand the man anything, it was the man's calmness. However, if it was a competition of stoicism, he was far outside his depth. And nothing in that cold gaze was able to stop Leonel from taking the key from his hands.

Leonel had simply moved too fast. It wasn't just that he moved so quickly, but also that his Dream Force warped their senses, making them think he was still standing still when he very much wasn't.

The rule on the restriction of Dream Force had just been explained and had yet to be enforced, and it had cost them.

"Taking the key will do nothing for you," Rhangyl said coldly as he stood to his feet.

Leonel twirled the key in his fingers.

"I think you've misunderstood something. I didn't come here to partake in your little games. I came to kill you."

The key vanished and Leonel pulled out his spear, pressing his hands together and pulling them apart until a gorgeous shaft of red, gold, and silver took shape. His aura flaring to the point it shrouded the entire city. There wasn't a single soul that couldn't feel his Quasi Life State Spear Force.

Rhangyl's eyes only had time to sharpen for only a moment before the spear suddenly appeared before him.

The elements swirled around him and formed a shield of rainbow as Leonel's spear descended.

BANG!

Rhangyl slid backward, a slight grunt coming from his lips as he barely managed to stop himself after crashing into the side of a building.

Leonel's wrist flickered, his spear streaking like silver meteors through the air as he attacked Rhangyl from all sides. The Spiritual Prince could only barely manage to defend, and yet he was doing so.

Leonel had felt the toughness of his neck when he grabbed it, and had he held onto it for any longer, he had felt like his hand would be minced to pieces.

Rhangyl was an archer, Leonel knew that. But this archer seemed to have also gained the body of a person who was nothing short of a pure berserker.

And yet Leonel didn't care.

Suddenly, Leonel swung an arm backward and a spurt of Force in the shape of a soaring bird was cut in two.

Without missing a beat, his assault on Rhangyl continued until suddenly...

BOOM!

The shield of Force Rhangyl was using to defend himself suddenly exploded, the Fire Force within rampaging and being torn out of his control as he was sent flying backward once again.

This time, a spurt of blood came from his mouth, his upper robes being burnt to ash as he crashed into another building.

"Show me something more," Leonel said calmly. "You were so strong and mighty when I wasn't there, what is the mighty Spiritual Prince going to do now?"

Despite the blow to his gut, Rhangyl's body reacted much more like metal than flesh and bone. His fair skin, radiating hints of gold, looked far more like a metal that had just been tempered by steel than flesh that had just been burnt.

Rhangyl coughed again, slowly standing.

He looked back toward the Council Members who had only sent out a superficial attack until just now and didn't seem eager to do much of anything else.

The reason he had said that Leonel could do nothing was that the rules were already set in stone the moment they had spoken them. In order to change any rules, you needed the same stamp of approval that the rule itself had initially gotten. Meaning... unanimous.

So, unless Leonel was planning on fighting ten of the strongest geniuses beneath the Demi-God level all alone, it was a pipe dream.

Even if he had the strength, whether he could actually accomplish it was up in the air because there was no way he'd have to just fight the ten of them, not to mention the variable of the keys itself.

He knew why Leonel had taken the Key. Without the resonance of all ten, the enforcement of the rules was impossible. So, despite the fact he had clearly already broken several rules, they still couldn't kick him out yet.

This left them in a stalemate, one that could easily be fixed by a few orders from each one of them.

And yet they didn't do it.

Rhangyl obviously didn't have the same level of station as the others, and even Leonel seemed to be more toying with him than taking him seriously. Leonel wanted him to be steeped in humiliation and die with shame, much the same as he had once done to the Morales. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

With a look of indifference, Rhangyl met Leonel's tranquil gaze. Despite being targeted by so many large powers, the man didn't seem moved in the slightest. Against the entire world, he was equally as unmoved.

"I'm going to enjoy killing you," Rhangyl finally said something different from his usual indifference, the elements in the sky shaking as though in reverence of someone...

That someone being Rhangyl himself.

Ten points of light shone from beneath his skin.