Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2592 Faster

Rhangyl was an anomaly. The man had ten Innate Nodes, and that alone was enough to put him into a class all his own, especially since he was naturally born with them and didn't have to manufacture them or form them after birth. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

He had two Fire, three Wind, two Water, and three Earth Force Innate Nodes. They formed a perfect balance in his body.

In truth, the fact that he had once had three Wind Force Innate Nodes and just two of everything else had thrown off his progress and actually slowed him down. The moment he gained the balance he was looking for, allowing Wind to counter Earth and Fire to counter Water, his strength had soared by leaps and bounds.

By the time he had been taken in by the Spirituals and acclimated to these worlds with far more complete Forces, he improved by leaps and bounds in single instants.

Rather than being like Leonel and Aina who had to slowly rebuild their foundations, he was a Spiritual. He directly abandoned his old body, allowed his Innate Nodes to swap in far more powerful Forces, and then rebuilt this new body.

He would show Leonel the power of a true Spiritual.

His Forces roared and he pulled out his body. They coalesced into a single point and formed a rainbow arrow that sparkled beneath the sun. Then, he released the winding metallic bowstring with a TWANG!

BOOM!

The air exploded and shattered as though space had become as fragile as glass. The arrow appeared before Leonel in an instant of time, but he didn't even move, watching as it pierced through his chest.

Rhangyl's pupils constricted.

"I would suggest you bring out another weapon," Leonel said lightly.

In that moment, his Dream Sovereignty, Spear Sovereignty, and Bow Sovereignty suddenly took shape.

His white robes were covered in flowing fog of gold and silver and barely emitted the faint wisps of ancient runes.

At the same time, a crown took shape above his head, causing the world to go still.

[Domain].

[Universe].

Universe Force sparkled as it descended through the air, a suffocating [Domain] suppressing all things.

At the same time, Leonel's Spear Force and Bow Force took a Quasi step forward, giving them the shape and feeling of a Life State Force as his Dream Force bloomed even more fiercely.

Rhangyl's Fire Force blinked out instantly, and his Earth Force followed suit. His Water and Wind Force were all that was left, but the balance was suddenly skewed to one side, causing his Force to nearly enter a frenzied state within him.

Leonel's wrist moved almost delicately.

SHIIING!

The sound of metal scraping against metal resounded. Before [Universe]'s effect, his spear was so fast that it felt like he was wielding a light sword. In an instant, a slash was cut across Rhangyl's chest, leaving a white mark that just barely began to gather up droplets of blood from beneath his skin.

Leonel didn't seem to mind, his cool indifference still on his face as his spear flickered again.

Another cut appeared, this time across Rhangyl's cheek. It was yet another white mark, one barely drawing droplets of blood.

Then again, and then again.

Streaks of invisible spear light filled the surroundings in a storm. Every time Leonel just barely moved, another scar would appear on Rhangyl's body, then another.

"Not going to do anything?" Leonel asked.

Rhangyl had clenched his jaw so hard that he was practically spitting daggers. He had just circulated his Forces at full force before losing connection to half of them. He couldn't move not just because of [Universe], but also because he had to force it to calm down first, something that was exceptionally difficult to do when your opponent was tugging at you every which way.

By this point, the Council Members were frowning. They obviously didn't care about Rhangyl, but the longer this dragged out, the closer the association between this failure and them would become.

However, Leonel treated them like air. His wrist flickered again and again until Rhangyl suddenly roared, finally regaining control of himself and bursting forward.

Leonel was even faster.

Rhangyl didn't even know when the fist appeared at his gut, driving into his steel-hard skin as though it was a puff of clouds instead.

His eyes bulged and spittle flew from his mouth as he rocketed backward, his body crashing through building after building.

"Without your bow, you're kind of weak," Leonel's voice echoed again. "It can't be that a human is better with the bow than the mighty Spiritual Prince, right? Come, use it again. Maybe it'll work this time."

By this point, many had locked auras onto Leonel. They could see plain as day that he was only in the Fifth Dimension, and many of them were able to put two and two together after sensing this.

Every time Rhangyl got up, Leonel would swing his spear down again, and then again.

Everything was slow and methodical, almost as though he was taking a stroll through a park.

His blade flickered three times and three silver streaks arced through the air, pincering around Rhangyl before driving through the same point in his stomach.

PCHU!

Blood flew from Rhangyl's lips as his lower belly was nearly cut in two, almost bisecting him at the waist.

"Enough!" Rhangyl roared, his composure vanishing as a bloodthirsty light pooled out from him.

His soul seemed like it was on fire, pools of Force forming around him into whirlpools of rainbow in the skies. They began to rain down with arrows, each one swirling with massive amounts of power.

PCHU!

Rhangyl's eyes widened, suddenly finding his stomach skewered on the end of Leonel's blade. His feet lifted from the ground and his hands flailed, barely grabbing onto the pole arm with a weak grip.

At that moment, someone suddenly appeared by Leonel's side, grabbing his arm.