Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At that moment, another teleportation array was lit. This time, a whole host of young and old knights walked out. It was very obvious that they came from the knight academy.

It wasn't long before they, too, were shocked by the lineup before them. It was clear that Camelot was taking this as seriously as they could.

Leonel suddenly felt a pair of eyes on him. He casually turned his head to find a familiar large man.

Sir Lamorak looked down toward Leonel with placid eyes. It was impossible to tell what his emotions were at that moment. He seemed like a man who wouldn't blink even if a mountain came crashing down before him.

Leonel met his gaze equally as expressionlessly.. Even when his strength was far beneath Lamorak's, he hadn't wavered. It could be said the only reason he had panicked back then was due to Magus Aliard's attack on his mind.

The current Leonel had long since learned how to defend his mind from such things. He no longer had to rely on the passive strength of his spirit, he could actively block such spells.

It could be said that Leonel was one of the only few who didn't feel such reverance in the presence of these individuals.

In truth, Leonel was born in an Empire as well. Though somewhat different from a Kingdom, the concept was similar enough. However, Earth's government was quite unique. While the sovereignty of the Emperor was important and many positions were hereditary, there was still the shadow of democracy.

This was why officials went by titles like Secretary Marquisette and Governor Duke. Each of these titles were combinations of democratically elected titles and hereditary ones.

Due to this unique system, Leonel hadn't grown up in an environment where there was an emphasis on kneeling — and by extension, not kneeling.

That said, kneeling and not kneeling was one matter, while bowing to pressure was another. There was a difference between a person who knelt out of fear and one who knelt simply out of custom.

Leonel's body might kneel, but that didn't mean his heart kneeled.

Facing Lamorak's gaze, rather than shying away, Leonel felt his blood boil uncontrollably once again. It took all of his will power to not point a spear in the direction of that man.

He restrained his aura completely and eventually looked away from Lamorak. He felt that if he continued to look, he would lose all ability to control himself any longer.

At that moment, arcs of light splintered in the air, causing a mote of light to float before each participant. Soon, that light broke apart to reveal a wooden card with a number engraved onto it.

Leonel's number was 321.

"Battles of the Mage and Knight Academies will go on simultaneously. Please split apart according to your numbers. You've been split into group of 100. Numbers 1 to 100 here…"

Another Two Star Magus had taken over the preceedings. This time, he was a Two Star Earth Magus. Though there were some Two Star Magi taking part in this tournament, there were many with powerful family backers that had no need to do so.

This tournament was entirely made for those who wouldn't be receiving quotas from their families.

"Why're you staring daggers at a little boy, Lamorak? Oh?"

A man no shorter than Lamorak looked up in interest.

"Is that the boy who made you suffer a loss? I heard that you had to activate your Blazing Internal Strength to defeat him, aren't you embarrassed?"

The man jeered Lamorak without restraint, laughing heartily. But, it was clear that this wasn't a disdainful taunt but rather simple banter between friends.

Lamorak grunted, but his eyes narrowed. He didn't like the look Leonel gave him at all. It wasn't particularly disrespectful, but the feeling was akin to being questioned by an ant. It made him feel uncomfortable.

"If he can fight you, this might be a bit too easy for the boy. He should steamroll the 21-30 bracket with absolute ease. He should be of some help during the Trials…"

Some of the knights here were old enough to have entered the Merlin Trial Gates the last time. Though 50 years was long to a mortal, to those who practice Internal Strength, living 150 years wasn't a problem.

As such, they were all well aware of just what kind of danger waited for them. Even though they were also much more powerful than they had been in the past, they still didn't feel an ounce of confidence. This was the kind of weight the Merlin Trials placed on the heart.

"Whether he'll gain a spot to enter is still a matter that needs to be decided."

"Hm?" The knight by Lamorak's side frowned. "Don't tell me you're targeting a little boy, Lamorak?"

By the knight's tone, it was clear he was one part stunned and another part disappointed. Stunned because this wasn't the Lamorak he knew and disappointed because this wasn't the sort of disposition a knight should have.

"His origins are unknown. The only reason I allowed him to live was because Aliard stepped in and he was a Light Mage. But now, he's come out as an Earth Childe and washed his hands of all Holy Son related matters.

"There's no need to target him directly or even kill him for now. He can consider this payment for the service he's given to my Camelot up until now. But, allowing him to enter the Merlin Trials is impossible. He's an already difficult to control variable, letting him get more out of control is inadvisable."

The knight's frown deepened.

"In that case, why are you allowing him to participate at all?"

"It's better that he loses justifiably so that he has less things to complain about. I don't care about face, but I can't tarnish the shield of the Knight of the Round Table."

"Are you joking, who are you going to find in his age group capable of defeating him? What are you playing at, Lamorak?"

Lamorak snorted. "Maybe those who have to take part in this selection cannot, but if I select a few talented 30 year olds from those families, it will still be possible."

"…"

The more Lamorak spoke, the more uncomfortable the knight became. It was clear that Lamorak wasn't a scheming person. Would a scheming person so easily reveal their snake tail like this? Lamorak was only doing what he thought was best for Camelot.

In a lot of ways, he wasn't entirely wrong. There were too many questions about Leonel's identity and his abilities were even more questionable. Not killing him was already a sign of good will in Lamorak's opinion. However, allowing him to enter the Trial Gates was impossible.

However, what happened next left Lamorak stunned.

"Um, excuse me. I shouldn't be in this group."

Up to now, the atmosphere had been quite solemn and quiet. Due to some odd spell or maybe the black drapes placed over the empty seats, their voices didn't echo as one would expect. However, this left everyone feeling exceptionally hollow. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Most of the voices had been coming from either the hundred or so elites observing from the stands, or the Two Star Earth Magus directing everything below. So… Leonel's voice stood out especially.

The Two Star Earth Magus frowned.

"What is it?"

"This is the group for 21 to 30 year olds, correct?" Leonel asked.

"Yes, that is correct. You're in the right place."

Leonel frowned and shook his head. "I'm only 18 years old this year, why would I be in this group? When did I say I was older than 20?"

The arena was stunned silent.