Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2625 Humanoids Vs Beasts

Leonel laughed. "Why are you so sure I have anything planned? Let's just wing it."

Aina rolled her eyes. This guy was too unbelievable. If you wanted to lie, at least make it a realistic lie.

"Come," Leonel pulled Aina along with a smile on his face. The two strolled through beautiful clouds of pink, violet and blue until they stood on a particular peak.

"I'm going to make you a new outfit, I can't let dregs damage it so easily again." Leonel shook his head, some of his gloominess returning. But he pushed it down. There was a limited amount of time remaining and he wasn't exactly sure when the other foot would drop, but there would be quite a bit of chaos soon. He was certain of that.

The trouble was that he could only weave fabrics by using beast pelts, and trading for such things was a bit more... difficult. Beasts weren't just animals in this world, they were a powerful force of their own, including Demi-Gods and Gods.

There was a dividing line between humanoids and beasts, that was certain. However, regardless of his dividing line, there was a tentative peace between the two sides.

Much of these things were just fuzzy understandings to Leonel. There was a lot of history written and marked down in the Life Tablet, something that made sense.

The Wise Star Orders were responsible for keeping records, and among those records, aside from techniques, abilities and Lineage Factors, history was most definitely among the most important as well.

However, there was no objective history, especially when in the case of the God Beasts, the saying that "victors write history" didn't exactly apply.

The God Beasts were almost... painstakingly neutral. They took into account every detail, accounted for every potential spark and motive... it made for a reading of history that wasn't only bogged down, but even more complex than even the rules of the Dream Pavilion.

This was all to say that even Leonel found it hard to summarize the clash of beasts and humanoids.

Just objectively speaking, this was inevitable. Summarizing every bipedal organism as a humanoid was asinine. What did a human like Leonel have to do with a Void Race member like Shan'Rae?

By the same token, although they were all called beasts, how many different Races did they have among them? Could they really be looked at as a monolith either?

Such a history was bound to be complicated.

What this meant is that there was no easy way to just buy high level beast pelts from the Dream Pavilion like he could trade for ores and Force Herbs. In that case, making what Aina needed was far more complicated.

Demons were a good alternative to this, but there weren't really any that he could use in the same sense.

He thought about just making Aina an armor, but he knew that she preferred her usual outfit instead. She might even prefer to just use a normal set of clothing instead.

Aina was a woman who even preferred short hair over her long hair because it allowed her to battle more freely, she definitely didn't like bulky armors impeding her battle style either.

Of course, Leonel had the skill to not make it bulky. But if he could align himself with his wife's preferences, he would do so.

Luckily...

Aina flipped a palm. The Segmented Cube was still on her finger, so she was able to use it with the same ease.

In her hand, a long and thick tail appeared. It was at least four meters long and over two feet thick in most locations.

"I picked it up because I thought you might find it useful. Yuri said something about how the tail of a White Spectral Tiger is a dense concentration of their comprehension of Spatial Force."

"Oh?" Leonel said. Then, he grinned.

Anyone else holding that tail would have already been shredded to pieces. But now only did Aina hold it, but Leonel also held it in his palms for a while, weighed it, and then tossed it into the air.

Little Tolly slithered off of Leonel's left arm and flashed into the skies. It formed a sleek knife and cutting into the soaring tail. It moved like it was fileting a fish, and in an instant, a perfect pelt was left behind. It was layered in white fur and black scales, exuding a strong spatial fluctuation.

However, Leonel noticed instantly that compared to the bone hidden deep within the floating tail of flesh, the pelt itself was a far cry away.

'Interesting...'

Little Tolly flashed again suddenly, the bone was perfectly cut out as well. It didn't have a single scratch on it, nor did it have any blood or flesh remaining.

Runes danced across its surface, Runes that reminded Leonel a lot of the ones that floated in his very own Innate Nodes. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

'How mysterious.'

His smile widened and his fingers began to move like he was striking the cords of the universe itself.

Tolliver responded in kind, separating into several pieces and slithering through the skies.

Leonel separated the fur and the skin beneath, processing the former into a tough leather and weaving the latter into a silk-like material.

Something like chaining short strands of fur into a much more substantial fabric was something that took careful control, but for the current Leonel, it felt as easy as breathing.

At the same time, he gutted the bone of its marrow and dried it, condensing the Forces around it until it shimmered like a glorious chain-whip.

Leonel separated the tail into its numerous smaller bones, and then he began to refine them into even smaller, condensed pieces.

Tolliver and Leonel coordinated, their movements so perfect that the world seemed to resonate along with them.

Aina stood to the side, looking in awe. However, she spent most of the time looking at Leonel's side profile, her gaze filled with an enamored light.