Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2626 Who Needed a Shirt?

Finally, there came the bone. Leonel refined them into shoulder guards, shin guards, elbow guards, a subtle breast plate, and a hidden gauntlet that covered just the back of her hand and some of her forearm.

Soon, it was completed and it trembled as it floated in the air. Leonel nodded to himself, feeling that he had done a good job.

This time, the Force Arts he used came entirely from the Runes of the Tiger's bone, skin, and furs. It was an interesting feeling. Not being able to control the Force Arts all on his own made it a challenge.

However, because he had gained the flexibility that came from Complexity and Simplicity, he was able to adapt. Compared to creating a new Force Art language for every Craft, this was actually a little bit easier. He just had to be mindful of the Runes of the White Spectral Tiger Race and how it moved and adapted.

"Try it," Leonel grinned.

Aina rolled her eyes. This guy just wanted to see her strip, but in the end, she obliged with a smile.

Leonel watched as Aina got rid of her tattered military uniform for his new Craft instead.

She almost moaned in satisfaction as she slipped it on. The silky fabric was so soft against her skin that it felt like she was being caressed by a cloud.

The hidden breastplate perfectly cupped her chest so that she didn't even need to wear an uncomfortable bra, and even the shin and arm guards she thought might restrict her movement somehow formed to her shape perfectly.

What surprised her the most, though, were the boots.

Honestly, of her usual outfit, military boots were often what she disliked the most. She mostly wore them because she didn't want her feet to be on the ground and they were the only things sturdy enough to take her strength.

Even back on Earth because she had entered the Fourth Dimension, her strength had already been particularly tyrannical. Normal shoes simply couldn't take her power.

But these boots... not only were they incredibly sturdy, but they made her feel as though they weren't even there. Not only that, but even her weight itself seemed to be cut in half.

Leonel smiled and nodded, feeling that Aina liked it.

"Thank you," she said, kissing him on the cheek.

"Do you want to continue using your Battle Ax? Or...?"

Leonel never really offered to make a weapon for Aina for multiple reasons.

For one, after realizing what it took to make a weapon that didn't crumble beneath his Spear Sovereignty, he realized how much strength he was leaving on the table. Unless he could make a Battle Ax that wouldn't crumble beneath Aina's Battle Ax Sovereignty, wouldn't he just be harming her?

The second reason was because her Battle Ax, the Heirloom of the Brazinger family, that is, seemed to inexplicably grow more powerful every day.

Every time he observed it, it seemed to be on a higher level.

Leonel wasn't confident that he could create a Battle Ax stronger than the peak potential of this Heirloom. But, he was fairly confident now that he could create one stronger than its current state.

Aina shook her head. "No, that's okay. I'll stick with it."

"Does it have any rules for how it grows more powerful? Do you need any resources for it?"

Aina smiled and shook her head again. "It's a bit weird. It doesn't even care about my Battle Ax Sovereignty. It only responds when my Berserk God Lineage Factor grows stronger, and only then. I made some huge progress during the tournament, so it's in a bit of an embryonic phase right now. Soon, it'll break free."

Leonel frowned. This sounded good, but he also didn't like the idea of Aina running around with a weakened weapon. That was a problem.

"Will that take too much time?"

"You don't need to worry. It's very quick, it just needs my blood. I didn't do it before because of the trouble it might cause... speaking of which, do you think that leaving so much of my blood behind, and even losing a leg, might cause some issues?"

Aina wasn't a fool. The most troublesome people and the reason she had to hide her Blood Sovereignty, Invalids, could sense how special she was by smell alone.

"Almost certainly," Leonel nodded. "But the problem isn't really others knowing you're a Blood Sovereign, it's how many know. If any Invalids find out, it will be by coincidence and they will almost certainly hoard this information to themselves."

Aina nodded, understanding. There was a difference between a few knowing and countless worlds knowing. If it was the latter, how would they even fight back against it? They weren't ready for such scrutiny. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"It seems like they're here," Leonel suddenly said, looking up into the skies.

Aina frowned. "Who?"

"Whoever's closest," Leonel smiled with a mysterious light in his eyes.

Aina rolled her eyes. "How are you still gatekeeping even now?"

Leonel laughed. "I'm not gatekeeping, I really don't know."

He reached out a hand and the wind suddenly howled.

Scarlet Star Force and Emulation Spatial Force surged as a glorious spear was formed.

Leonel grabbed it out of the air with one hand and grabbed Aina's hand in the other.

With a flick of his wrist, his spear descended and the skies were split in two.

By his side, his wife wore a radiant white military outfit accented in black. As for him... well, he just wore a pair of sweats and hadn't bothered to put a shirt on.

But who needed a shirt when you had Divine Armor?

BOOM!

Half of the Bubble cracked and fissured as a group broke their way through.