Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2629 Grimm and Wicked

Leonel didn't expect to see this face before him. But as he stood there, he didn't attack immediately. He felt something weird coming from Wicked, a great strength that made him feel more threatened than even Grimm.

He had purposely avoided Grimm because he was unable to face off against such a person head to head just yet. He could only wait until he was the last person standing and then drown him in schemes and battle tactics.

What he didn't expect was that there would be a second interesting character right here.

With his memory, of course he recognized Wicked. There were many of that Incomplete World trial that had caught his attention.

Aside from Wicked, there was still that tall and beautiful brown-skinned lady, the pink-eyed little woman, and of course there was also Alpha Clown and Alpha Bluestar.

Three of those were humans, and it was hard to tell if they had managed to survive the carnage. If they did, they would definitely be a great asset to the Human Race and he had thoughts of helping them out despite the fact he had clashed with a lot of them.

There was also Rhangyl, but he had already personally killed the man.

What he didn't expect was that Wicked would end up being the largest variable of them all.

Leonel grinned. The mask of Liquid Metal on his face danced, forming a replica of his grinning interior that could shake the soul.

"Interesting."

Wicked frowned. He had been ready to counter and catch Leonel off guard with a sudden killing intent, but he didn't expect for Leonel to come to a sudden stop even with Grimm bearing down on him from behind.

Just what was he thinking?

Leonel tapped a foot and vanished.

BOOM!

Grimm landed with the force of a meteor, roaring into the skies. When he looked up, he found Leonel standing high and mighty.

[Domain].

The two area of effect techniques stacked atop of one another.

A trembling formation appeared to Leonel's back like a pair of spreading wings. The Natural Force Art expanded, growing larger and larger until Auspicious Air seemed to replace the Anarchic Force.

Leonel held out his spear, his aura climbing higher and higher.

[Star Fusion].

BANG!

The Liquid Metal seemed to catch on fire.

Then, he swung down.

His Spear strike enveloped the world with gold. The might of a Life State Force shredded everything in its path apart, and even Grimm and Wicked had to continuously retreat as well, unwilling to meet it head on.

Leonel was unable to use the greatest strength of his Forces, they were simply too powerful. The true strength of a Life State Force was beyond him and his body couldn't output that strength.

In order to output just a small part of it, he had to complete his Spear Dance. Only in that way could he slowly accumulate the strength he needed from the surroundings and execute an attack that could hold at least a fraction of that strength. But now...

It was much easier.

His Natural Force Art became a support for his mind, unleashing the shackles of his soul and releasing the inhibitions of his body by proxy.

At the same time, his Divine Armor began akin to a conduit of Life, a perfect fusion between himself and Tolliver, he had gained a second outlet for the overwhelming strength.

Now, just a single one of his spear strikes could match up to the former strength of a spear strike executed after a completed Spear Dance. And... if he did a Spear Dance now...

Carnage was unleashed below.

Beneath [Domain], even Grimm could hardly use his Force properly. Although Grimm was powerful, his best Force was only in the Impetus State, could he fight back against a [Domain] fueled by not just one but several Life State Forces?

Grimm and Wicked alike found themselves wholly suppressed.

If an enemy had no Impetus State Forces and Leonel used [Domain] with all of his Forces, even with how restricted his Forces were now, he was able to strip away their ability to use Force entirely.

Against Grimm who only had two Impetus State Forces, only one of which was at the Peak Impetus State, even with his Life State Force severely weakened in their use, Leonel could still suppress him by more than 50%.

Under such a level of strength, the two could only watch as their fellow Nomads were slaughtered one after another. They couldn't even rise into the air with any sort of ease, how could they face off against him?

BOOM!

Leonel landed on the ground with a heavy thud, walking forward toward the last two remaining Nomads. By this point, the gateway to the Nomad Bubble had been shattered and there was no way back for these two.

Leonel swept his spear to the ground, a large swath of the ground suddenly being cut in two. The earth that Grimm found it difficult just to leave a crack in lifted up beneath his command, filling the skies with rumbling boulders.

Earth Force sprung free of Leonel, pooling into the surroundings and ground. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

It was said that Earth Force was maybe the weakest of the elements. It was too difficult to use to the scale it was meant to be used at, it was simply too difficult to rip control of the earth away from its World Spirit, and even further than that, in a world of Anarchic Force like this, it was steeped in a Force designed to shred all others apart.

But now, this hard to manipulate Force suddenly bent and twisted beneath Leonel's will, forming flaming meteors that blazed in the skies like stars.

Now, it was just the three of them.

Leonel grinned, an eerie warp slithering through the liquid armor.

He had a lot of frustration building up inside of him, this world seemed to love to piss him off. He had to let Aina go and fight alone, but that didn't mean he liked it for even a single moment.

And he had just found two great targets to vent on.

BOOM!

He moved like the wind.