Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2633 Worst Case Scenario

After a while, Leonel's injuries were finally in a semi-decent state.

He had been caught off guard earlier, and he actually felt that he could potentially do something to deal with the situation this time around. At the very least, the Life Tablet might be capable of being a helping hand. But...

Gods weren't something he wanted to touch with a ten foot pole right now. If he was too willful and he brought their ire down, wouldn't he be screwed?

There was a difference between Demi-God Races and actual Gods. It was a matter of comprehension and personal strength.

Without forming a Dharma, one couldn't even exhibit the abilities of a God. And, without forming an Idol, one couldn't be a True God.

He didn't know which of these categories that Evergreen or Zoltene fell into, but regardless of what it was, it was impossible to form either one without a Creation State Force.

Well... unless you were his wife, but that was a bit of a special situation.

Aina hadn't formed a Dharma nor an Idol. Rather, she had formed a Quasi-Dharma, something that most couldn't hope to form.

The only reason this was possible was because of her Berserk God Lineage Factor. Leonel even had a feeling that the word "God" in that title was purposely chosen.

One of the greatest techniques of the Four Great Families was the capability of forming a Manifestation. Aina had managed to unlock it after witnessing it for the first time during the Cloud Race's attack on Earth, but since then, she hadn't used it.

It seemed that the reason for that was because she was trying to learn how to use it in a better way, and in the end, she clearly succeeded.

Of course, these were matters that Leonel just naturally came to understand from Aina's memory.

This was all to say that even if they were only from Demi-God Races or even Mortal Races below them, Evergreen and Zoltene had already shed whatever limitations their original Races had once had.

Leonel didn't know what Evergreen's Race was, but he knew with certainty that Zoltene was a Nomad. The connection was clear and it seemed to make the schemes he was trying to parse apart even more complex... or much simpler the way he thought about it.

"Anastasia, if I put him in your world, will it cause problems?"

"No," Anastasia replied simply.

Leonel grinned. That was what he liked to hear.

With a move, he pulled Wicked into the Segmented Cube. Under the suppression of the Life Tablet, he couldn't resist even if he wanted to.

Leonel's smile faded and his expression became serious.

Right now, he was between a rock and a hard place.

On the one hand, he felt that Wicked was definitely not a normal pawn of Zoltene. It felt smarter to just let him go.

But on the other... was it really? If he let him go, he couldn't control what might happen. Just the fact that he had suppressed Wicked so easily would expose the fact he had the Life Tablet, and thus his identity.

In the end, he would have to take the risk of capturing him instead. For now, it was the only path forward.

Anastasia's confidence was quite a bit of reassurance to him as well.

"Time to-"

BANG!

Aina landed by Leonel in a flash of black lightning.

"Finished?" She asked.

"For now... there was only one Ninth Dimensional expert here. How about on your side?"

"Three."

Leonel chuckled. He didn't believe that they had gathered up like that, it was more likely that Aina went and cleared three areas on her own.

He didn't blame her, she probably wanted to vent. Having to fight those fools for so long without being able to use her Blood Sovereignty must have been suffocating.

"There's a bit of an issue over here that can add some variables, but there's not much we can do about it right now."

"Is it bad?"

Leonel fell into silence for a long while, not sure how to reply.

"... Potentially. It would depend. I'm thinking in terms of the worst case scenario, but we'll have to be more prepared. First, I want to go to the Three Finger Cult and check their situation personally. I'll need to use my lovely wife as a shield."

Aina smiled but didn't say much.

Taking her hand, the two vanished. No one of the Human Bubble seemed to be aware that a young couple had saved them from yet another calamity.

...

The Cult Bubble.

After the fusion of the six Bubbles into one, the Cult Bubble had ended up in the worst situation. This was an unfortunate reality caused by the fact they were the vanguard of the three Human Bubbles to begin with. To make matters even worse, much of their territory was occupied by the large scale formation that was formed in preparation for the plot of the Human Bubble.

Due to this, the Cult Bubble had faced the largest scale attacks. However...

The Cult Bubble was also the only Human Bubble practically forged for war. It was the cruelest of the Bubbles and everyone born here was tempered through blood and fire. As a result, even though they were in the worst situation, their outcome was also better than the others.

When Leonel and Aina appeared in the region, though, he frowned.

'Mo''Lexi... she's not here?'

"Anastasia, where is she?" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"She..." Anastasia fell silent for a moment before she seemed surprised by something. "... I can't find her anywhere, but her flight vessel seems to have been randomly abandoned. There are a few people who scavenged for things within it, but other than that, she seems to have disappeared."

Leonel frowned, not sure what to make of this. He thought of the possibility that someone had killed her, but....

Something felt fishy.

What happened to her Black Tablet?

"Halt! This is the territory of-!"

Leonel and Aina glided by, ignoring the sudden influx of warriors.