Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2637 One

Leonel stood in silence for a long while. Suddenly, he felt that these people were quite pitiful.

'They're the ticking time bomb these people left in the Human Race, huh...?' DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Although Leonel could think of other reasons they might have been left behind like this, he felt that this one had a greater than a 60% chance that this was correct.

'If what I'm thinking is true, then there's probably also a better than 60% chance that this is related to the God Factions who want Humans wiped off the face of Existence...'

Leonel's thoughts jumped from place to place, mostly incoherently. Maybe only the greatest Dream Force users in existence could possibly follow his thought process.

In the end, he jumped through so many possibilities that statistically speaking, he had at best a one to two percentage chance of actually being correct.

"Alright. You, you, you and you..."

Leonel pointed out several people then threw the rest into the Segmented Cube.

"Follow me."

Among the people Leonel called forth, there was Anya and Seltin, as well as one of the Ninth Dimensional experts and Drakkar.

He could feel that these people had strong enough souls to withstand the Dream Pavilion and their existence would make things more convenient for him. Anya, in specific, would be a great boon to help shift the ratios a little bit and maybe open up more options down the line.

Quite soon, Leonel had returned to the Dream Pavilion. He also brought both Goggles and Eamon, allowing them to take full advantage of the Dream Pavilion's environment.

"From now on, you're members of the Dream Pavilion. I'm sure you understand that using your Northern Star Lineage Factor here is a no-go," Leonel spoke to the Cult members after sending Goggles and Eamon away. "Raise your Dream Force comprehension, make something decent of your circumstances, and maybe you can make something of yourselves as well."

The Ninth Dimensional expert couldn't hold back his confusion.

"... Elder, isn't this the Dream Pavilion? How...?"

"How? I'm the Pavilion Head, that's how."

The Ninth Dimensional expert's eyes opened wide, not being able to compute what he just heard.

Leonel waved a hand and left while holding Aina's in his other.

Almost the moment they stepped out, the world fractured again.

"Time for round two, it seems," Leonel said with a laugh.

Aina smiled. "Let's go."

The two broke out into a blaze of speed and unleashed another round of carnage on the Inbetween World. Once again, the ending was predictable.

...

'Cloud Race this time... that could have been very dangerous...'

Leonel exhaled a breath. If they managed to infiltrate the Bubble and combine into the Human Race, they would have been very difficult to weed out.

The Cloud Race, inevitably, had the highest survivability in these sorts of situations. Unfortunately for them, there was no easy way for them to enter this Bubble without exposing their location to Leonel.

Well, there were ways... but the problem was that the worlds with access to such methods definitely passed the Gathering of Kingdoms with ease.

'But they're still not here yet, huh...?'

These small invasions, mostly from desperate worlds trying to cling onto a final hope, were definitely not what Leonel was waiting for.

"Hey, Anastasia. Do you think that it's possible to scan through everyone's affinities like you did their Innate Nodes back then?"

"Yes, I can do that," Anastasia replied.

"Sounds good. Can you find everyone with a strong enough Dream Force affinity to enter the Dream Pavilion?"

"Um... how much is that?"

Leonel smiled bitterly, then after a thought he waved a hand and formed a clone with his Emulation Spatial Force. After some more thought, he formed two more.

"Give me a breakdown of how many people exist that can meet these three standards."

Of these three, one was a bare minimum requirement and they should have a decent chance at reaching the Impetus State. The second had a good chance of at least making it a half-step from the Life State, and the third was a bit ridiculous and was at least about 80% of his own talent.

Leonel went about his business as Anastasia began her scan. It should be faster in these Complete Worlds as there was less empty space to move through compared to Incomplete Worlds.

As expected, it only took a few hours for Anastasia to come back with an answer.

"There are 1273 of the first time, 13 of the second, and one of the last."

Leonel froze. "That many?"

What he was the most surprised about was that there was actually a person with 80% of his talent. Well, 80% of his talent in Dream Force. That was absolutely ridiculous.

"Show me them," Leonel said.

He didn't need to worry about the gap between himself and Anastasia in terms of mental capacity at this point, because a number of just over a thousand wasn't enough to shake him.

He took it in with absolute ease, but he was surprised when he saw who this person with 80% of his Dream Force talent was...

It was a woman, and a woman that he had met already at that. It was none other than Cindra, one of the Slayer Legion Generals and the woman who seemed a little too interested in Aina's father.

'But she doesn't use Dream Force at all...'

It was then Leonel understood.

Even he, who had a great Dream Force affinity, started off using Soul Force alone. It wasn't until he went to a recruiting city of Valiant Heart Mountain that he was able to swap his Soul Force for Dream Force...

But how many dared to do so? Unless you had another Dream Force expert to check your talent without the potential risk, who would gamble with losing their minds to check their Dream Force affinity.

Plus, considering there were trillions of humans, wasn't this number actually pitifully few?

'That woman used Light Force as well if I recall correctly... Is that a coincidence?'

A smile spread across Leonel's lips. This was much better news. If his conjecture was correct, this would be very useful.

"Anastasia, scan the Demons as well. They're already stuck in the same boat as us, might as well make use of it."

"Gotcha."

Leonel shot into the distance. It seemed it was time for him to do some more kidnappi-recruiting.