Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2640 Relativity

Cindra trembled. She had no idea when he got behind her like that.

"You... how did you do that?"

She had studied Light Force with everything she had all her life. Even amongst Ninth Dimensional experts, she had never seen someone with better mastery over it than her.

It was ironic for her to say this considering her Light Force wasn't in the Impetus State yet, but she really felt that everyone else was too inferior... Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Until now.

What Leonel had done just now was clearly an exceptionally high level of application to Life Force, and somehow... she also felt that he had just done it on a whim, like it was something he had just come up with.

She didn't know where that feeling was coming from at first, but then she suddenly got it. It was her Dream Force... her Dream Force was helping her read some of Leonel's intentions.

But how was her Dream Force state so high already? Hadn't she just awakened it?

"I have you to thank, actually. Your application of Light Force is quite unique, it gave me some ideas. I can give you the method if you want, but I cheated a bit. Though it's possible to do what I just did with Light Force alone, I made it easier on myself by using Emulation Spatial Force as well."

"Ah, can you please tell me?"

Cindra's eyes suddenly lit up and Leonel chuckled. She was, indeed, a lot like Eamon. The main difference was that Eamon acted this way toward Crafting and she, instead, seemed obsessed with Light Force.

At the same time, though, Leonel found her to be fascinating. Her Light Force was, indeed, not in the Impetus State. But for some reason, her application of it dwarfed his own.

Of course, technically speaking, Leonel never grew his Light Force to the Life State. Instead, he had grown his Scarlet Star Force to the Life State.

Even so, it had to be remembered that while Scarlet Star Force was a top one Fire Force, it was likewise was a top three Light Force and a top ten Star Force. That meant there was no way it was just normal for Cindra to be beyond him in this way.

Well... at least she had been until Leonel took a bit of advantage from her and raised his usage creativity to a new level.

"Sure. It's just a matter of relativity. Light is the most unique thing in the world as it can force even Time to be relative. The faster you move, the slower time around you is in relation to everyone else."

A blank look came from Cindra.

"Eh..." Leonel stopped speaking then sighed. It seemed that people in this world didn't know anything about the theory of relativity. He had just assumed they would since so many other things from Earth appeared here in one form or another.

Technically speaking, these theories should be easier for these people to unearth, not harder. After all, Einstein had to just imagine what it might be like to approach light speed, but these people could actually do it.

'Hm... maybe that's not exactly true. The stronger the world is, the more different the laws of physics are as well. Someone who can travel at light speed in a Third Dimensional world wouldn't necessarily be able to do it in a Fourth Dimensional World.'

As Leonel was lost in thought, a light bulb seemed to have gone off in Cindra's own.

"Ah!" She exclaimed. "I understand!"

She suddenly vanished from Leonel's sight and started zipping around. Suddenly she seemed to break past a barrier and her movements became more irregular. She suddenly began to appear and vanish on a whim, even to the point several copies of her appeared everywhere.

BOOM!

A rippling light came out from her as her Light Force stepped into the Impetus State.

Leonel pursed his lips. "Not bad..."

His thoughts were pretty simple. The theory of relativity was based on the fact that light speed was constant and could never be stacked, slowed or sped up. Even if you ran with a flashlight in your hand, the light coming out from it wouldn't gain your additional speed.

However, for that to be true, time itself had to be relative to light so that any third party observer watching this scene wouldn't suddenly combust beneath a paradox.

Well, that wouldn't actually happen, but Leonel chuckled to himself when he thought of it the first time. It was what had always helped him to grasp the concept.

This usage of Light Force was essentially that. Taking advantage of relativity to warp the perception of the same third party observer.

Essentially, this would force time to slow down for the person observing you so that the laws of the universe didn't collapse.

It was harder to do with just Light Force alone, but when you stacked Spatial Force with it, especially when there was some Dream Force incorporated, it could make you a monster in a small region.

Of course, it would be even more powerful if Leonel used [Universe] with it.

BOOM!

'Hm?' Leonel looked up somewhat speechlessly. 'Did she just enter the Middle Im-"

BOOM!

Leonel laughed. The only other person he had ever seen capable of having so many consecutive breakthroughs, other than himself, was Aina. It seemed they had really found a diamond in the rough.

'In that case, shouldn't I ask Anastasia to try and find some greater talents in general-'

Leonel's eyes suddenly narrowed as a message came from Anastasia.

"Anastasia, please do me a favor and explain to Cindra what's going on."

"Okay," a sweet voice replied.

Leonel left the Segmented Cube to find that the Bubble World had shattered again.

Aina zipped by and landed next to him.

"How did it go?" Leonel asked.

"A lot of them were happy to get out of their situations," Aina said. "They've lost a lot in the chaos. And you?"

"Cindra was a bit harder to convince, but I think it's fine now."

"Is this what you were waiting for?" Aina asked, changing the subject.

Leonel looked up. The Gathering Stele was finally beginning to fade away and that seemed to signal it.

BANG!

Leonel exhaled. "I guess so."

High in the skies, a furious Nomad appeared. They were five meters tall and their floating hands were each ten meters from palm to finger. He looked like a true deity.

These Nomads were clearly on an entirely different level, and that was because they had a Dream Pavilion. In fact, it was a Dream Pavilion Leonel recognized quite well...

The Gem Dream Pavilion. The fourth participant of the True Dream World Challenge Sequence.

It seems they had come to collect the debt Leonel owed them for slaughtering all of their experts.