Chapter 2641 Point

"Jeez..." Leonel exhaled a breath.

No matter how you looked at it, that thing in the skies really looked like a God. Was all of this necessary? He was just a little human, isn't that what they always said? So why were they going so hard all of a sudden?

Aina was about to spring forward when Leonel tightened his grip on her hand.

She looked back with a questioning gaze, not quite understanding. That sort of enemy was definitely not one that Leonel could fight.

That giant Nomad very clearly had Noah's Ability Index, the ability to not only perfectly control his own size but also his density and weight.

The Morphing Ability Index.

According to Leonel's Life Tablet, it was a Black Grade ability, but as with all things, it was highly dependent on the user. Even a Black Grade Ability Index could be exceptional if it was properly controlled.

Leonel's own Ability Index wasn't very highly ranked either. At the very least, it was firmly beneath Aina's. But how far had he been able to bring it?

For someone with the special quirks of the Nomads, this Ability Index was truly... troublesome.

Aina knew all of this, and she could also feel that this Nomad's strength was exceptional. Leonel simply wasn't able to fight such a person. So she wasn't sure why he would stop her like this. She should be the one to go.

"Hey, hey," Leonel chuckled, "don't you think you've done enough fighting?"

"But-"

Leonel's grin widened and Aina fell into silence.

"Okay. But I want 20 babies now."

Leonel was speechless. What was this woman talking about now?

Soon, he laughed, shooting into the skies on a rising staircase of Emulation Spatial Force.

The Nomad, who was furiously scanning the region, spotted Leonel almost immediately. He had just been about to descend onto the Dream Pavilion, but he didn't expect that Leonel would expose himself even before trying to rush back first.

"What are you so surprised about, old bastard? Did I look like I feared your people when I slaughtered Burul and the rest of them?"

The Nomad's eyes bulged. This, human...

Leonel waved a hand and the cracks across the Human Bubble solidified and healed.

The Nomad's gaze narrowed and his rage suddenly felt as though a bucket of cold water had been poured over it. How had Leonel just done so? That should have been impossible...

"You..."

"Surprised? Want to run, now?"

The Nomad's violent momentum seems to have dimmed considerably.

He had come here alone, not out of choice or arrogance, but because that was the only way. It wasn't so easy to move between worlds, especially across such large distances. He had no choice but to come alone...

But why did it feel like Leonel knew he would come? Why did he look so confident?

"There's no need to look so confused. It's all so obvious that I'm not even sure why you all are trying so hard to hide it.

"Pathetic dregs like you wouldn't even dare to act under normal circumstances. The Gem Dream Pavilion was barely in the top 1000. The Owlans could have entered the top 100 whenever they wanted and the Spirituals were firmly in the top 500. Your Dream Pavilion had no business mixing into the matters of the True Dream World.

"And yet, there you were. Not only were you there, but when you found Deputy Pavilion Head Clarence, you strung him up and tortured him to death as though he was some sort of animal. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Those kinds of actions don't make any sense whatsoever. I may have personally said some things you found offensive, but going so far is a fool's errand for a world as weak as yours.

"The world may hate the Human Race, but we're still here, and it's certainly not because of a little formation even I was able to shatter with a few tricks. That barrier could at best hold back those weak Demon Races.

"No one dares to touch us because they don't want to offend the Pluto Race or the neutral Faction that backs them. So why is a little middling world like yours so aggressive? Hm?"

The world around the Nomad trembled fiercely, his weight increasing to the point gravity bent and whined, space shrinking, collapsing and distorting around him.

"No answer?" Leonel asked with a smile. "I wonder, how long does it take to rush here from your world? Probably took many months, huh? When did you leave? You can't see the Gathering Stele from the Inbetween Worlds, now can you?"

"ENOUGH!" The Nomad roared. "I am the mighty Kaelan, do you think the likes of the Human Race has the right to speak to me this way?!"

Leonel picked at his ears. "And yet, you still haven't attacked me yet. I'm right here. Do it, big man. Be gentle if you can, I scare easy."

Kaelan's eyes practically bulged out of their sockets. Leonel was barely a hundred meters from him, a nigh insignificant distance. Even if Leonel had been kilometers away, it would have been absolutely meaningless.

He was so infuriated by Leonel's nonchalance he felt like his heart was about to implode. He still didn't understand how Leonel could possibly be so calm.

It was all a bluff, it had to be. But after what happened to the Nomads in the True Dream World... could it still be considered that?

Kaelan then had another thought. None of this made sense. If Leonel was trying to goad him into attacking, why spend all this time talking? So long as Leonel appeared, he would have attacked. So what was the point of making the trap so obvious that he didn't dare to step into it?

It had to be a bluff, that was the only thing that made any sort of sense.

Plus, the moment the Human Race lost its protection rights, didn't that mean that anyone could attack and kill them? This was the culling! He was justified!

Leonel smiled then suddenly pointed up.