Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2643 A Stage

El'Rion looked at Leonel deeply and decided to give up. He was never going to win a war of words with this man.

At that moment, Aina appeared by Leonel's side, looking at El'Rion curiously for a moment.

"Is this supposed to be the 'snotty nosed brat'?" Aina asked.

Leonel burst into laughter and El'Rion's expression became sour again. Watching the young boy try to control himself again and again was probably Leonel's most amusing pass-time at this point. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Alright, we can stop teasing him now. I'm sure you have something important to tell me?" Leonel said.

"... Yes. This is a special circumstance. It's impossible for me to do this-"

Leonel waved a hand and shook his head. "Never expected that."

El'Rion fell into silence again. He really didn't know how to deal with this man. Leonel seemed very eager to let him know that he wasn't relying on him, but if he knew that he was coming, didn't that mean that he already was?

"... Like I was saying, this situation is extraordinarily unique. The Gathering of Kingdoms just ended and your world successfully defended itself. In addition, you've been the constant sufferer of several schemes until now.

"If our Faction did not take action, it would mean allowing the others to trample on our authority, and that could not be allowed."

The meaning was clear. If in the past the Gathering Stele was the representation of the God Beasts of Creation, now it was the representation of the Plutos. Its rules were upheld by them and controlled as such.

At the same time, the Gathering of Kingdoms was a treaty of sorts. It was a balance taken between the neutral faction and the factions who wanted to wipe out all other Races.

Obviously, the latter group wanted to minimize how the resources of Existence were used up by getting rid of countless worlds, believing themselves to be the ones meant to replace the God Beasts of Destruction.

However, the majority neutral factions wanted the status quo to remain. It was trying to mess with the balance in the first place that led to all of this, so trying to actively change things again just felt foolish.

The Gathering of Kingdoms was a compromise.

Years of peace mixed with short spurts of violence. There was a path to survival for many, and it gave life and evolution a chance to occur naturally.

If one tried to ignore this compromise, they would be likewise ignoring the new balance the world had struck.

That couldn't be allowed.

Leonel had heard from his meeting with Shan'Rae that the Pluto Race was losing some of its prestige. If under normal circumstances the Pluto Race might have turned a blind eye to some things, they definitely could not now.

El'Rion was just telling Leonel things he already knew, and it left Leonel feeling a little annoyed, but in the end, he just smiled and shook his head. This was just El'Rion's way of getting a little revenge, so he allowed it.

"... Dealing with these people is fine, but you've antagonized a Demi-God Race, and that's more complicated. The Owlan Race has their own Dharma wielder and that means their actions can't be so easily waved away.

"The good news is that the Owlan Race also has to be wary. They've been very cautious over the years because they've been trying to distance themselves from the Minerva Race. It's unlikely that-"

"They will attack," Leonel said.

"What-"

"They'll definitely attack. In fact, they're probably on their way by now. If not, they will be soon."

El'Rion frowned. He didn't understand why Leonel was so certain.

The Owlan Race attacking didn't make any sense. Why would they go from so cautious to so high profile?

Leonel shook his head and sighed, his playful demeanor disappearing.

"You're still thinking about things too simple," Leonel said. "Nothing is ever a monolith. It's hard to expect even a single person to act in a predictable fashion. There are so many variables related to personalities and personhood. Let alone an entire power.

"Not everyone in the Owlan Race is as comfortable with the status quo as you believe."

El'Rion was once again confused. How could Leonel understand the inner workings of the Owlan Race better than he did?

Unless... the Challenge Sequence? But Minerva should have a far higher Dream Force than Leonel, how could he possibly grasp her character?

Then, it hit him.

Did Leonel need to? Wasn't the fact Minerva had such a name to begin with paint the picture clearly enough?

How could a race trying their best to separate themselves from their past possibly give birth to a talent of Minerva's level and give her such a name?

Minerva might not be the strongest of the Owlans, not even close. But in terms of talents, she was top three without the slightest doubt, and her background was exceptional within her Race as well.

"You..."

El'Rion's assessment of Leonel had taken a complete 180 after he returned from a battle with a Shadow Tail. He didn't even know he should explain this matter to anyone, it was far too unbelievable.

He should have known that the way Leonel saw things was far different from the way others did. The plane his mind worked on could already be compared to the best of the Gods.

And it made no sense to him.

"But there's no way they'd attack so soon... The Gathering of Kingdoms-"

"They have a viable reason to attack. I have their Race's 'treasure'. They'll have all the excuses they need."

"Why are you being so casual about this? You do realize that even if it's only Minerva, she is capable of crushing defeating even me as I am now? There is a huge gap between Mortal and Demi-God Races."

"Well then," Leonel smiled. "Shouldn't you do something about that?"

El'Rion was rendered speechless once again. Didn't this man just say he didn't need him?

"I've already said, I can't-"

"Not like that," Leonel said. "I'll crush them on my own. If there's anything you're right about, it is that they'll have to wait a while. I don't fear these people.

"What I need from you is something different.

"I need a stage to be a Wise Star Order without losing my head."