Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2650 Goading Trouble

"You're going to wear that?" Aina asked, blinking.

"No way. You give a woman a ring and she's suddenly treating you like your mother," Leonel mumbled.

"What was that?"

"What was what?" Leonel smiled innocently.

Aina rolled her eyes. She didn't really care very much about what Leonel wore. She, herself, wasn't really fond of dressing up either. But she could see that this man was goading trouble.

This was an event that a lot of people were taking seriously and he was trying to go in sweatpants. Where was the propriety?

"You're just trying to poke and prod people into finding trouble with you."

"Guilty," Leonel grinned.

Aina smiled and chose to drop the matter. She was just trying to see something, and judging by Leonel's response, she understood his intentions.

Was it about trying to goad people into targeting him? Maybe a little bit, but that wasn't the whole of it.

Leonel understood how to read people and social situations very well. He knew when he had to dress well and well he didn't. He wasn't clueless. The fact he had chosen to do this meant that there was a reason for it.

In that case, his intentions were quite clear.

Leonel wanted to appear as the representative of the Human Race... but only in spirit.

He appeared at the Heir Wars like an Emperor with his Empress by his side, but he didn't want to give off the impression of a mature man with a good head on his shoulders right now. He wanted to embrace the arrogant young master role to its fullest degree.

If he appeared to be too good of a leader, too understanding of the overall situation, and too prepared to take on the world, it would bring him more trouble than not.

The role he wanted to play was that of an extremely intelligence and talented young genius who had yet to understand just how large the world around him was and how deep the waters of danger plunged.

For that role, sweatpants was the absolute best.

"So I'm guessing you're also quite firm in not wanting me to participate in the Force Pill Crafter stream?"

"Of course. You just need to stand around and look pretty, let your husband handle everything."

Aina laughed. "You're getting bolder with your words."

"Is it working?"

"Maybe," Aina's golden eyes twinkled.

"In that case, I have to be fashionably late anyway."

Leonel grinned and scooped Aina back into their room despite the fact they had only just taken a step out. Aina's squeals were soon muffled by his lips.

The Owlan Bubble.

Unlike many other Races, the Owlan Race was singular in its territory. There were many speculations as to why, but the main reason widely accepted by most was that the Owlan Race was simply too low-key.

There was a reason they were also called the Sage Race. They hadn't warred or participated in any battles for many generations, and they had long since become a Race of gentle beautiful women and handsome men in the eyes of the public.

In line with this, their world was also gorgeous beyond measure.

Their cities floated in the skies and their clouds were floating mists of a pink that was gentle on the eyes. Their moons were visible even in the day, three of them shimmering a gorgeous sky blue color that fused with the skies and yet had their own distinct presences as well.

Their sun was a pale violet color that looked identical to Leonel's own hair.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Their rivers sparkled like small gems of flowing diamonds and their Force Herbs and greenery looked as though they had been carved of emeralds.

It was a world without poverty and hardship, an unmatched paradise.

These were the feelings of all those that stepped into this heavenly place. The Owlan Race didn't usually allow outsiders into their home. There was a 99.99% population of Sages in the Owlan Bubble and it could be said that other than the Sages themselves, no one else had seen this world in its full glory.

Experiencing it for the first time, the youths who touched down felt absolutely shaken. Even given the long line and wait they had to experience in order to enter the hosting city didn't seem to be much of a bother anymore. All they wanted to do was slowly take in the world around them just a little bit more. Only that way would they feel satisfied.

The Gathering of Minds worked differently from the Gathering of Kingdoms. There wasn't the Gathering Stele to facilitate things, so instead, in the last month or so the Pluto Race and Owlan Race had collaborated to create a network of teleportation hubs. Or, more accurately, they commandeered a network that already existed for the sake of the event, covering the outrageous fees and providing maintenance to areas that needed it.

Thanks to this, everyone was given three months to make their way over before the festivities could begin, and yet the line was already so large the moment the teleportation channels had opened. It was clear that this event would be much larger than anyone could have anticipated... and that was because the prizes were simply too enticing.

The Owlan Race had put up several blueprints as prizes, blueprints of Life Grade treasures personally created by their ancestors.

These were the greatest enticements to Crafters and it lit a fire under the participants...

But that was only the very beginning.

If one made it into the top 1000, they would receive a Mind Splitting Rune, one capable of doubling the capacity of one's speed of thought.

If one reached the top 100, they would receive Spirit Elevating Force Herb, one capable of doubling the potential of one's Spirit Companion.

If one made it into the top 10, they would not only receive a Creation Grade Ore, but also one Eighth Order Standard Blueprint.

If one made it into the top 3, they would receive one Ninth Order Standard Blueprint and a Ninth Order Workbench personally forged by Minerva herself.

However, it was the top 1 prize that truly shook the soul.