Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2669 Stifling

Not long later, the Owlans issued a statement. It held all of what one might expect. Lumina was lambasted as a divisive individual who hadn't understood the spirit of the debate. However, the worst sin was the fact that she had disparaged one of the participants without rhyme or reason. Of course, the language was far more flowery than this, and the argumentation was actually quite excellent, but Leonel just couldn't be bothered to get anything more than the cliff notes.

He touched his ears, a cold smile curling his lip. His earlobe had been split in two, and it certainly wasn't his own doing. He hadn't reacted to it back then, or more accurately, he hadn't reacted to the sudden pain at all even when he registered it. When it came to Minerva's attack itself, his body couldn't have moved fast enough to get out of the way even if he wanted to.

Aina had moved, but because his hand was on her head the entire time, she got the message to not move as well.

"Cute," Leonel said lightly.

His Vital Star Qi couldn't heal the wound at all. No matter how hard he tried, it stayed just the same, as though no amount of Force he could form could heal it.

"I'm participating," Aina said coldly. Her golden eyes glowed with a murderous intent as she seemed to want to burn the world down.

At the moment, the two were in their hotel room as Leonel's ear continued to bleed without signs of stopping. It seemed that his blood couldn't even coagulate and dry to stem it at all.

Leonel looked toward Aina and didn't answer immediately.

Their goal was obviously to hide Aina's skill. The reality was that Aina's Force Pill Crafting was on a level all to its own. Even if it was filtered through Leonel and lost more than 90% of its usual potency, it would still be enough for victory.

The value of the highest echelon of Force Pill Crafter was much higher than a top flight Crafter. A Crafter could protect you... but a Force Pill Crafter could give you the strength to protect yourself.

These were two entirely different things, and the rarity of the latter was much greater.

Leonel assumed that this difference would disappear and even overlap once he got to the truest highest echelon of Crafting, but ultimately, as with most things, it wasn't just about truth all the time, but rather... perspective.

If Aina's skill in Force Pill Crafting was revealing, it would lead to a different kind of trouble compared to her Blood Sovereignty, but it would be a problem that came with the same level of trouble nonetheless. In fact, it might be more complicated to deal with.

With Blood Sovereignty, it would be Variant Invalid brutes rampaging about in a mostly straightforward attempt to kidnap her, but... in this case, it might not be the same. The plots might be far more sinister, far more multi-layered and variable, and harder to combat.

"Why?" Leonel asked.

"To prove a point," she said with a scowl he was sure was meant to look menacing, but he could hardly see it as anything other than adorable.

Leonel smiled. "And what point is that?"

Aina pouted, not liking Leonel's line of questioning at all.

Leonel sighed. "Honestly, if it was just that, it would be fine. But the main problem is that we have to disassociate our success from the potential success of the Human Race as a whole. Someone capable of doing what you can do... well, a Force Pill Crafter of a certain level could elevate even a Demi-God Race, let alone our own. We're not strong enough for that yet."

Aina didn't respond, but she didn't look very happy about his words.

"I've going to complete my third Rebirth."

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "You're ready for that?"

"I was a while ago. The only reason I didn't was because we were having fun, but I've been ready since the Gathering of Kingdoms concluded.

"After it completes, I'll break into the Eighth Dimension."

"You want to complete three Rebirths for each the Seventh, Eighth and Ninth, I assume?"

"Yes." Aina nodded, not surprised that Leonel had guessed it. "I think that I might even be able to complete the fourth immediately after I break through too."

"Okay. Well, you know your husband is a wealthy tycoon," Leonel grinned. "I'll support you."

He still had way more contribution points than he knew what to do with. Well, that was mostly because there were too many things he wasn't allowed to trade for, but that was neither here nor there.

"It's not enough," Aina said with a teasing smile, her previous foul move being whisked away as she straddled Leonel.

"Oh? And what would be enough?"

Aina kissed him. "Take them for all they're worth."

"Extorting people?" Leonel's laughter boomed. "That's what I do best."

The couple was quickly lost in their own world.

***

The day came and went. With the conclusion round of debates, the four teams that made it through were expected.

Leonel and Aina.

Celestia and Verma.

Talon and Somnus.

Aerin and Lyra.

Each of the teams stood on their own pillars. Today, Aina didn't look last at all. In fact, her killing intent had returned and it made the atmosphere quite heavy.

Leonel could only smile bitterly, but he didn't try to police his wife's actions. She could be just as stubborn as he could sometimes.

Talon kept looking over at Aina, his red, Samoan-like runes pulsing from time to time before calming down. He had to keep reminding himself that he was a Crafter here, not a Barbarian. If not, he would have already jumped out to attack.

Even until now, Leonel's ear still hadn't stopped bleeding. He had no choice but to Craft an earring for himself that had the sole purpose of catching and storing the falling blood. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

And that only made Aina angrier. She could fix it, but doing so would reveal too many things.

It was too stifling.