Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2673 Fingerprints

Ultimately, none of this would have as much weight as it seemed if not for Pluto Race. They had sponsored this event, they had rebuilt the Minerva Pillars, they had their stamp all over this. If not for them, maybe even the Owlans would be too small and insignificant for the Gods to give a damn about. But this... and now... No. She couldn't accept it. Had she really been so tunnel-visioned on the Segmented Cube that she missed all of this?

Talon stood frozen, looking at the long list. Leonel seemed to have been prepared for all of this. He couldn't help but look toward his partner, Somnus. But in a rare moment, he found that Somnus' expression was actually incredibly solemn. In all his days, Talon had never seen Somnus take anyone seriously. This was a man who could chuckle and laugh through everything, and even when he seemed to have on a "serious" expression, it was usually nothing more of a facade to lure his competitors into a false sense of security before he unveiled his trap.

Everyone knew the Dream Asura Race. Among the Demi-Gods, they were probably the most dangerous race. They seemed to keep to themselves, but they had hands in many pots. It was impossible to tell just how many things below the God Realms that were actually under their control. It wasn't a surprise that they had sent a participant for this Gathering of Minds, but it also had to be understood that the Clan of Demons wasn't exactly united.

Somnus' actions in coming here were actually for his own goals. As for what those were, even Talon didn't know. Even so, Talon could never guess that the reason that Somnus was reacting like this now was because someone had warned him against coming.

"Somnus, I told you once before. I know you won't listen to me, but the Gathering of Minds is something you should avoid at all costs this time around. It's troubled waters and you could end up stuck in the turbulence. Why do you think most Demi-God Races have politely declined? We're powerful enough to reject the invitation of the Minerva, so take advantage of that and let one of the other worms get caught up instead."

Talon chuckled. "Dear sister, don't you know that fishing in chaos is how you catch whales and sharks? This place is too boring, I hope you're right."

Talon's elder sister looked at him deeply for a moment and then went back to not caring. She didn't seem to care much one way or another as she yawned. As far as she was concerned, she had already done her duty.

"Alright, just don't bring that shit back here. If-no, when what I say happens, know that you're banished from the Clan. You're on your own."

Talon blinked in surprise, but then he smiled. Banished? Did he care? No, not really. There was really no comradery among the Dream Asuras. Everyone was always plotting and scheming. He might as well have been alone to begin with. In fact, he felt that this "warning" was just another one of his sister's schemes. Maybe she wanted to place one of her own people there instead.

"Too bad for her, his standing was more than high enough to claim this spot for himself, while she was too old to participate."

"Plus, when she said he was expelled from the Clan, she didn't have the power to do it. That meant that she was relying on her prediction being correct to push for it first."

"Essentially, once he was stuck in those troubled waters, the Clan would use it as an excuse to boot him."

"He wasn't surprised by this at all. The Dream Asuras were flexible to the point of being spineless."

"Of course, it wasn't out of cowardice. Rather, they always looked to maximize their benefits. There had even been plenty of Dream Asuras who were expelled in the past, only to return upon becoming strong enough. Then everyone acted chummy as though it had never happened at all."

"He couldn't take it seriously at all."

"Without another word, he turned and walked away." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Flaura watched as her brother walked away and sneered behind her book."

"'Little idiot brother, you're so easy to goad into action. Look at you go.'"

"Flaura chuckled after her brother vanished."

"'Too bad. You have no idea that Ancestor's fingerprints are all over this mess. Maybe if it was someone else, you'd have a chance. You might even know I'm scheming against you right now. Too bad... too bad... you were the cutest of my little brothers.'"

Somnus' eyes flashed like lightning and he suddenly looked off into the distance as though he was trying to see something. The more he looked, the more solemn his expression became. His gaze shifted back to Leonel who was just sitting there. He felt he understood why his sister had goaded him into coming here, their Ancestors' fingerprints were truly all over this world...

"But why did he sense so much of Leonel's as well?"

"Suddenly, he spoke."

"If you don't want to take the 28 point challenge, just say so. And what do you mean you'll accept if three of these treasures are brought forth? If you recall, you've already given up one challenge, you can't reject another one without losing all right to participate."

"Minerva's expression changed and she suddenly wanted to scold Somnus for speaking like this. Leonel obviously knew this as well, so why would he say this?"

"That was obviously because he knew that right now, the only legitimate way for them to claim his things was through a Crafting challenge. If it was any other way, or any time after today, they would be dropping a rock on their foot."

"If Leonel used the excuse of a second refusal to participate as a reason to withdraw, it would all really be over."

"The Owlans would take this loss and not even get the Segmented Cube back out of it."

"Was this what Somnus wanted?"

"Indeed... because he realized that Leonel's withdrawal was the only way for him to get out of this unscathed."

"Unfortunately for him, Leonel wasn't going to play to his tune."

"That familiar smile returned."