Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2674 [Bonus] His Stage

[Thanks to Mr. Ham (1/6)]

Leonel gave Somnus a look, then his gaze landed back on Talon, his smile quirking into a sneer. He didn't say a word. He didn't have to.

Unfortunately for them, Minerva had chosen to do this in partners, which meant that one person couldn't unilaterally decide to do anything.

"Shut up, Somnus!" Talon roared, fuming.

He was shocked by the list, but his fury didn't disappear in the slightest. In fact, he felt that the only way to crush Leonel's pride was to take this Life Tablet. It was just that...

"Fuck!" Talon roared, whipping out an orb.

"What is it you-"

"Shut the hell up!" Talon roared again, shutting the voice on the other side up. "Send me a Demi-God World Spirit and two top class Mine Cores, now."

"What the hell-"

"NOW!" Talon roared.

"You know what, I really don't appreciate the way you're talking to me right now."

"Woman, I will rail you into next Sunday if you don't hurry the fuck up."

"Is that a promise?"

Talon was furious by the flippant replies, but before he could say anything else, the orb popped and a spatial ring was left in its place.

He took the ring and slammed it down into the pillar so hard that it quaked.

"It's here. Now fight me, damned coward."

Leonel laughed. These people truly were rich. He just commanded someone casually and it had appeared just like this? Maybe he had underestimated these worlds far too much.

"Since you're being so generous, how could I not take your offering."

Talon clenched his teeth hard, but soon, his rage became like the smoldering embers of a subdued flame. His crimson runes glowed so brightly that his body seemed to be a metal that had just come out from a forge, even his belly was so solid it reflected like polished steel.

In an instant, he seemed to have channeled it all into a furious concentration.

Somnus remained silent, not lashing out after Talon's outburst. In truth, Leonel withdrawing wasn't the only way to avoid this, because Talon getting the Life Tablet was another way.

So long as it was anyone but the Owlans.

"We will make bracers-"

"Whoa, whoa, hold on," Leonel held up a hand. "Don't you think you should reveal it to everyone? I need to know what to cross off the list and what if you make me do all this work just to cheat me?"

Talon's eyes flashed, but this time, he didn't seem to be as unhinged.

The spatial ring flashed and three items appeared in a floating orb.

"This is a Demi-God World Spirit from a world that collapsed 2000 years ago. This is the Abrasive Ore and the Urbe Ore."Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Everyone's eyes flickered.

Even the simplest on the list, "Urbe Ore", couldn't have possibly been that simple, or else it wouldn't have made it onto Leonel's list. That meant that it had to be the purest Ninth Dimensional Reinforced Urbe Ore, and an entire mind at that.

The Demi-God World Spirit was self-explanatory, but the Abrasive Ore...

The Ore was, obviously, a Ninth Dimensional Ore, but it was more well known for being one of the few Foundation Type Ores like Urbe Ore, but it was on another level entirely.

It worked a lot like Evolution Ore, but rather than just elevating the Forces of an Ore, it could elevate its very substance. It was called Abrasive because it had an extremely rough surface that could attach to anything.

Just with a casual addition of Abrasive Ore, one could raise a weapon formed by the mediocre means of a Moral World into the Realms of Demi-God Realm.

This one in particular, was capable of raising a treasure to a Lower God Realm status! It was an incredibly important strategic resource, and yet it had been brought out like this today.

Leonel smiled. "Okay, now you can go."

"We will Craft braces. We will only use three Ores, Urbe Ore, Elastic Flash Ore and Sparking Rose Ore. Half an hour time limit. Do you dare?"

Leonel chuckled. "You don't need to try and goad me anyway. I've already said it... none of you are my match."

The pillars trembled and the Ores appeared before them.

"Atlas! Come!"

There was a flash of lightning in the skies that sparked and landed right in hand. After a blinding, crackling bottle vanished, there remained a hammer of silver and bronze in Talon's hand. From time to time, it would sparkle with both an ancient light and arcs of lightning.

"Oh?" Leonel was a bit surprised. He had never seen a spirit like this before. But, he was also amused.

It looked like Talon had summoned his Spirit from the skies, but in reality he had just pulled it out from his spatial device. As for the bolt of lightning, it was caused by the Spirit becoming akin to a lightning rod.

He had to admit that it was still very cool, though.

Originally, he thought that it was a Lightning Spirit, but that wasn't the case. It was an Earthen Lightning Spirit, it had both characteristics of Earth and Lightning Force. It was a path of Crafting Leonel had never seen before.

With another flash, Talon's workbench appeared and he smashed his hammer down on it, looking toward Minerva with a fervent gaze.

"You all... may begin," she said lightly.

At this point, she had no choice but to continue pretending to be calm. Whether or not things would fall completely out of her control was still up in the air. She would wait to see how things fell.

BOOM!

Talon almost immediately began to work. Every time he struck his hammer down, the skies would rumble and descend with a bolt while the ground would quake to stabilize its energy.

He forgot about everything else and fell into a rhythm. He didn't even notice that Leonel hadn't started. And quite frankly, he wouldn't have cared in the slightest.

This was his stage.