Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2687 Seconds

Somnus had never been so humiliated in his life. He thought that the moment he started to bring out his full strength, it would all be over-that was why he had never panicked despite his shock.

But the truth was beyond his expectations.

Leonel suddenly took a step back and became a support while his wife took the vanguard. One wielded a ruby battle ax and the latter formed a bow from thin air.

The worst part was that the Domain was still effective.

One after another, Leonel unleashed a barrage of arrows that Aina herself didn't seem to have to slow or care for in the slightest. She fought all out, and from what he could tell, she didn't slow her speed or change her cadence in the slightest. There were even several moments where she would erupt with jerky, unpredictable motions and sudden changes in battle philosophy or approach, and yet it never seemed to faze Leonel at all.

He hung in there, hoping that Leonel would eventually slip up and end up injuring his own wife...

But that moment never came.

In fact, the two only seemed to grow stronger, especially when Leonel did something inexplicable and began fusing his [Finality] strikes into one.

The vast majority of Leonel's [Finality] Force Arts were formed of Scarlet Star Force... but who said those were the only ones he had formed?

A twin pair of Force Arts began to take shape before his bow every time he pulled back a new arrow, spinning in opposite directions like ancient magic circles.

At that moment, the immovable earth of the Inbetween World became akin to clay beneath his will, forming chilly black arrows that were quickly wrapped in flames.

Beneath the simultaneous barrage of Aina and Leonel, Somnus simply couldn't hold up. Even after growing to almost five meters tall, Aina's Dharma manifestation made an appearance, causing his eyes to open wide with shock.

At that point, he tried to run, turning tail and disregarding any dignity as a Demi-God that he might have thought he had.

Unfortunately, it was worthless.

One of Leonel's arrows shot through the back of his knee, pinning him into the ground as Aina appeared behind him, slashing across the other leg and bisecting it cleanly from the rest of his body.

In just a few hours, the mighty Dream Asura had wilted, falling to the ground, unable to muster up any more strength.

Leonel smiled, landing beside Aina who still had a bloodthirsty light in her eyes. She seemed to want more even now.

She had felt stifled and suppressed in these last few days as well, and this wasn't nearly enough to make her feel better.

Leonel patted her shoulder, smiling reassuringly. Soon, they'd have their revenge, and not just by proxy of someone else, but in the truest sense of the word. Once they grew powerful enough, no one would be able to stop them.

Then, his gaze shifted to Somnus and he frowned.

From what he could tell, Somnus was in the 3rd Tier of the Seventh Dimension. He was in a weaker tier than the participants of the Gathering of Kingdoms had been, where most of them had been in the 9th Tier of the same Dimension. But, he was so much more powerful.

Neither he nor Aina was injured, nor had they felt threatened while battling against him, but that was because they were both geniuses at controlling the flow of the battle. Plus, Leonel's [Domain] was constantly suppressing Somnus as well.

Yet, the man had still managed to last more than half a day, and even now, he wasn't dead.

Leonel had a much better appreciation now for the gap between Mortals and Demi-Gods. But that wouldn't stop him from dealing with Somnus.

There were some things that you shouldn't say, or you should be ready to face the consequences for doing so.

Originally, he hadn't planned on doing this to Somnus. Although he was very curious about the Dream Asuras and wanted to garner more information about them, the overall risk wasn't quite worth it.

But he had changed his mind. Somnus' display had reminded him that keeping Dream Asuras at arm's length wouldn't change a thing. If they wanted to target him, they would.

Just how many worlds away from the Demoness from his own, and yet hadn't she still turned his world upside down? Had he ever done anything to her? Had he ever offended her?

None of that mattered to them.

In that case, he would bring the fight to their doorstep.

Somnus released a bitter chuckle that echoed with a gurgle of blood.

"You're going to be very disappointed. My Clan prepared to expel me for even coming here today, and if you kill me you'll find it impossible to access my treasures. So whatever you wanted out of this, you won't get it."

Hearing the first half of Somnus' words, Leonel's gaze narrowed. Truly, it seemed the Dream Asuras weren't to be underestimated. He hadn't given anything away, but it seemed that Somnus had already thought of the possibility of him trying to rope the Dream Asuras into this mess as well.

But clearly he wasn't 100% certain, or else he wouldn't have mentioned his treasures afterward.

Leonel smiled. "If you wanted to protect your treasures, you shouldn't have shown me how to open your hidden world in the first place."

Somnus sneered. As if he would believe that.

"One minute..." Leonel suddenly said, looking up.

Aina rolled her eyes. This man was really still counting.

Somnus, however, was very much confused. What was he talking about?

But Leonel didn't seem eager to divulge, crouching down and maintaining his silence as though nothing else in the world mattered but the ticking timer.

"Thirty seconds..."

Suddenly, the Inbetween World began to tremble.

"Twenty seconds."

Leonel looked off toward the distance, a smile tugging at his expression.

"Ten seconds."

BOOM!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

A streak of rainbow appeared on the horizon and Leonel opened his hand toward it.

BANG!

The Life Tablet landed with a boom and Somnus' eyes opened wide. Was that...