Chapter 2696 [Bonus] Asura Force

[Bonus chapter thanks to TheCodedProf :) (3/6)]𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Leonel had asked for a large list of things from the Celestial Embers, so in terms of raw resources, he wasn't actually looking forward to what Somnus had all that much. Instead, he was looking for things that might be unique or beyond his expectations. He also didn't expect a single person to be carrying around such a large amount of raw resources to begin with.

But he was actually pleasantly surprised. Somnus had clearly been lying. Not only had he had enough to match far more than what was on Leonel's list, he was wealthier than what the Celestial Embers had provided.

Leonel chuckled. 'I guess this man was hiding himself a bit too.'

The issue was that Somnus' wealth wasn't in raw resources. Well, they were, just not in the normal sense. It was just that there were piles and piles of Ninth Dimensional Urbe Ore. The amount of wealth was obscene and it made Leonel grin ear to ear.

He had gotten a total of three Demi-God level Ninth Dimensional Urbe Ore mines from the Celestial Embers, but if he could save those and use them to start up a whole network of mines under Anastasia's supervision, how much more valuable would they be? Then, he could use Somnus' wealth to temper his body instead.

"Anastasia, please help me dump these in the ocean, and let me know when they're perfectly purified."

The large piles of Urbe Ore vanished.

The next thing Leonel found was actually a whole collection of World Spirits. They were separated into orbs, each one with a different sort of affinity, clearly crafted from worlds that had unique environments.

'There's something interesting about this... When I asked for a Demi-God World Spirit, I thought I was shooting for the stars, but not only did Talon produce one, Verma produced one, and even this Somnus produced one...

'There's clearly something going on here for all these top echelon people to have World Spirits at their disposal.'

The array of World Spirits were mostly Mortal. However, there were two of the Demi-God variety, one of which had a strong water affinity and the other of which seemed to be streaking with bolts of lightning.

"Hey, I know you're focused right now, but do you think you'd have any use for a World Spirit?"

Leonel talked as though he was chatting to the air itself, but he knew his voice would reach Aina thanks to Anastasia.

"A World Spirit... I don't know, I would have to see and observe it."

Leonel nodded. That was, indeed, how Aina's ability worked. Usually, she wouldn't know exactly what to do and would have a feeling she would have to parse apart herself.

"Here," Leonel said, tossing out all the World Spirits toward her, including the Mortal ones. Maybe she could find something of use through them. After all, their simulations didn't account for World Spirits.

While he let Aina figure that out, he picked up the last of what was left.

'Oh?'

They were polished gems, and when Leonel gently pulled his fingers across their surface, he realized something curious.

'These are similar to the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone key... there's information hidden within them, and you have to puzzle them apart and use your Dream Force to realign and read them... Easy enough.'

Somnus' dim eyes looked up for a moment when he saw this. He shook his head and gave up. He had given up on hoping Leonel wasn't smart enough to do things, and as expected, just moments later, he had already broken through.

It was a shame, though... because he had left the family expecting to potentially be expelled, he had not only brought all his wealth with him, but he had also exchanged all his accumulated contribution points for a few things that he had been wanting to learn for a long while.

Some of them were just methods and tidbits of information. But another portion were techniques it had taken him years to finally trade for.

And now, Leonel would be the one benefiting from them. It was enough to make a man choke to death from anger.

'Hm?' Leonel's brows shot up. '[Spirit Refinement Sutra]... Interesting...'

It seemed that Aina was right about the unique Dream Force of Dream Asuras. Known as Asura Force, it was a combination of Life and Dream Force, connecting the two together.

What was interesting about the Force, to Leonel at least, was that it seemed to be a unique tether between the body and soul, almost in a very human-like way, but not quite because the souls of Dream Asuras were very much separate from their bodies.

Leonel couldn't help but wonder... if it was because of these similarities that the Demoness had chosen to have children with his grandfather. Maybe she was looking to capitalize on potential synergistic effects...

Regardless, this method of the Dream Asuras was bone chillingly similar to his Divine Armor and Metal Body... except they used World Spirits and Spirits instead.

Their Asura Force was capable of devouring World Spirits and taking on their characteristics for themselves. Well, in theory.

The trouble was that it was very difficult to get a 100% success rate, and unlike with Ores that had many of a single kind, World Spirits were extremely unique in their variability.

Due to this, Dream Asuras often spent most of their time trying to collect an array of World Spirits that would perfectly suit them. In the end, this Sutra usually wasn't even used until they reached the Ninth Dimension.

It could be said that all of these nest eggs were just Somnus' attempt at gearing up for his inevitable breakthrough in the distant future.

"I see... so I was right, you did run away from your Clan..."

Leonel had been fairly certain, but only now did he fully confirm it. It didn't make sense for Somnus to have a technique he couldn't use for a long while others.

'Now, what else is here...'