Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2698 [Bonus] Sigh

[Bonus chapter thanks to TheCodedProf :) (5/6)]

Tolliver's silver exterior, dancing with golden runes, quickly became lit ablaze as though it had been set on fire.

Leonel could sense the struggle of the World Spirit beneath it and he wondered if he had bitten off more than he could chew.

World Spirits didn't have Dimensional grades like humans or beasts did, but that was because they were technically all at that Ninth Dimension. They were birthed at the peak potential of the world they governed.

In this sort of situation, it was like Tolliver was trying to swallow a Ninth Dimensional Demi-God, and that sort of task spoke for itself.

Leonel believed that Tolliver's potential would win out, which was why he chose to take the risk anyway. But that didn't stop him from worrying.

Luckily... it didn't seem that Tolliver would leave him to worry for long.

Very quickly, the struggles of the World Spirit became faint whispers and eventually, all that was left was the kernel of its being, one that was quickly swallowed up and devoured by Tolliver whole. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel grasped out with a hand and the enormous tsunami of molten metal that Little Tolly had become was soon restricted into an arm sleeve attached to his skin once more.

Leonel sucked in a cold breath, feeling a hint of stinging pain.

Tolliver had finally broken into the Seventh Dimension and there were a great number of changes that had just taken place. The golden runes on its silver body had gained tinges of red, and from time to time, a strong pulse would come from his arm as though Tolliver was trying to swallow him whole.

It was quite painful if Leonel was honest with himself. It felt like he had gone right back to square one in terms of how difficult it was to stop the little Metal Spirit from eating him alive.

Luckily... Leonel's Fire Force affinity was off the charts and nigh impossible to measure. Slowly, he got the hang of it, and once he did, that stinging pain vanished.

The more difficult matter, at least from an outsider's perspective, was how this change would affect his Crafting.

Leonel had trained all this time with a Metal Spirit. Obviously, the methods and paths of a Spirit with Fire attributes would be much different than what he had come to be used to.

However, Leonel didn't feel that this was actually much of a problem at all.

Setting aside the fact his ability to control flames was far greater than his ability to control Earth Force to begin with, his Crafting had already surpassed the usual strict guidelines. If anything, the added flexibility of being able to use flames wouldn't only help him, and it made him wonder...

What other elements might be useful for Crafting?

Thousands of wild ideas came to mind in an instant, but he forced himself to calm down. Even if he could think of many ways a Wind Attribute might benefit a very specific kind of Craft, what good would it do him if he couldn't control it properly?

There was also the fact that Tolliver was now part of his armor to consider as well. The affinities that Tolliver gained would affect him implicitly. He couldn't do anything too wild that would ruin his path.

However... sticking with things that were on his path was a different matter entirely.

A thought flashed in Leonel's mind.

'All those years ago, when I first stepped onto Planet Luxnix, I tried to create weapons that utilized my Destruction Sovereignty, mostly to help Blackstar. I somewhat succeeded, but mostly failed... but with this...'

He had been thinking too simply before. If World Spirits were capable of being used like this, why limit himself to simple concepts like Earth or Fire? Why not try to combine them into something more unique? Something of a higher tier? Something that embodied a Sovereignty?

'Interesting idea... but I can't succeed with just the World Spirits I have on hand, and for now, it's just a working theory. I'll keep this slotted in the back of my mind for now...'

Leonel stood, his mind racing.

'One of the seven worlds that Somnus has sunk his claws into has a Dream Pavilion... this could be useful...'

A timer suddenly went off in Leonel's head again. Then, he smiled. 'Excellent...'

He looked down at the pill in his hands. If he took this, he'd be able to veer his Northern Star Lineage Factor down a new path and truly be able to take advantage of both his mind and body.

When the day came that he crushed the Demoness and unleashed his Dream Asura Lineage Factor in full force, the foundation that this laid would allow him to shoot ahead by leaps and bounds.

'All of my Forces are at least in the Half-Step Life State... I've comprehended the Black Constellation Realm... I've comprehended Dream Sovereignty... I have a World Spirit of a Demi-God World to swallow now... and I've formed a Natural Force Art under my own strength...'

'The only thing I have yet to do is comprehend Black True Destruction Sovereignty... Once I do that, I will be able to enter the Fifth Dimension...'

'But before that... shouldn't I complete the Fourth Dimension first?'

Leonel's lip curled into a smile.

All this time, he had been in the 1st Tier of the Fourth Dimension. Since he was going to wreak some havoc soon, why not eke out a little bit more of his potential?

It would be a shame if he couldn't see the faces of the Owlans as their world crumbled down around them.

...

El'Rion appeared in a vast void, then stepped out and entered an Inbetween World. When he appeared, nothing seemed to be there... everything left would be eaten away by the Anarchic Force, it was truly the best place to kill someone.

And yet, when he reached out a hand, he still managed to pick out a piece of mangled flesh.

Looking at it, he sighed.