Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2700 Own Creation

Leonel sat in the middle of the Cleansing Waters of the ocean, surrounded by Pure Ninth Dimensional Reinforced Urbe Ore.

According to his father's technique, he needed one Essence per cell. But before he took action on this front... he swallowed the pill that Aina had created.

Almost instantly, his body superheated as though he had become the core of his own world. His veins lit on fire, becoming molten streams of crimson that threatened to burn him up from the inside out.

During these last few months, Leonel had been thinking a lot about the soul and the benefits of having it separated versus being a part of his body. Those thoughts had, obviously, been triggered by Aina's own path.

That said, Leonel didn't actually believe that his father was wrong. Rather... he felt that he was looking at things the wrong way the entire time.

It was one thing to follow the path a technique set out for you... but understanding what that path was and why each step was as it was was a different matter entirely.

The best example of this was actually [Dimensional Cleanse]. The difference between whether you could share that technique or not was entirely based on whether you understood its various layers. For a long while, Leonel had been able to use the technique, but he was unable to share it with Aina or his brothers because he didn't really understand it.

These thoughts had led him to realize that he had never really understood his father's intentions behind each step either.

He shuddered every time he saw the number of resources he needed just to progress a single step forward, but he had never stopped to think... Why?

The establishment of [Final Destruction] seemed to be the creation of a Destruction World. Secondary to that, it was turning the body into an anchor for this world. And in the end, the soul seemed to be an afterthought in this equation...

Or was it?

If he took a step back, if his soul was still using his body as an anchor through the Dimensions, then how would his Destruction World be able to do the same? In the end, wouldn't his soul and Destruction World end up clashing against one another?

It seemed, then, the reason he had to separate his soul from his body was precisely to avoid this sort of outcome.

But now what? Did all of this mean that he was forever lost to the path of humans?

Leonel wasn't so certain of that.

Taking deep breaths through the pain, the Cleansing Waters washed away much of the heat, rushing out in waves and carrying the bubbles to the surface.

Slowly, he began to feel his body's strength increasing by leaps and bounds.

Using his Dream Force as a conduit, his Northern Star Lineage Factors began to strengthen his body not through a newly created mechanism, but rather the mechanism they were always designed to be used with in the first place.

The process was either shockingly easy, or acceptably so depending on your perspective.

Even with the Dream Asura Lineage Factor suppressed, Leonel's body was still somewhat different from other humans. His ability to use his Dream Force to directly affect change in his body was on a completely different level.

And it wasn't just this Lineage Factor either...

Wasn't his Control Ability Index precisely designed to control the parameters of his body? Wasn't that the tradeoff for being unable to project Dream Force in the first place?

When these thoughts began to click into place one after another, Leonel realized that his talents were more synergistic than he had ever given them credit for.

It all seemed too perfect, slotting in one by one.

Even without raising up from the 1st Tier of the Fourth Dimension, his abilities increased by leaps and bounds, and from the restrictive chains of a Mortal, his body soared and quickly reached the stature of a Demi-God. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He could feel his body growing as light as a feather, many of the restrictions on his Forces loosening as his power bloomed.

His body became more perfect, his muscles more proportioned, his skin more resplendent in their bronze hue, even his face gained subtle hints of improvement-not obvious enough to make him look like a completely different person, and yet still enough to take him from a handsome man, to one that was blindingly so. Whatever gap there had been between himself and Somnus vanished into thin air, at least in the looks department.

Leonel seemed to glow, every one of his cells shimmering and multiplying.

Leonel originally had more than a hundred times the usual 30 trillion cells of a human. Now, he seemed to have gained another hundred times atop of that, the dense perfection he was exuding thrumming with its own resonance.

And then, without taking a break, he began to absorb the Essences of the Urbe Ore around him.

His mind split millions of ways, tempering each individual cell at the same time.

He grew explosively, his aura condensing and his very pores spilling over with Force.

His entire body had become his Nodal Pathway. He could pull in Force from any direction, and expel it from any direction just the same.

At the same time, the aura of Destruction pulsing around him was both vicious and undeniable. Just a single move of his intention could crush anyone in his path.

The rise of a towering might continued to tremble around him until it reached a tempest that exploded forth.

A solid pillar of water shot out from the surface that was easily hundreds of kilometers above him.

Despite the violence, it was perfectly smooth and controlled, rising so high into the skies that it could be seen from countless kilometers around.

Ten Stars shone within Leonel's body and the bounds of space and time bent and twisted. In that moment, Leonel felt as though he had truly become the center of his own world...

A World Spirit of his own Creation.