Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2701 Ridiculous Asks

20%... 30%... 50%... 65%... 80%... 95%... 99%... 100%.

BOOM!

Leonel's aura exploded forth and the world seemed to bend to his whim. Acrid smoke billowed from the corner of his eyes and the soles of his feet, as he suddenly shot into the skies, standing within them without the help of any other might.

Leonel looked down at his hands, somewhat in shock. In Complete Worlds. The only existences that could fly were Ninth Dimensional, and even then, it was dependent on their personal strength and the strength of the worlds they were in.

In terms of worlds, Anastasia's own should be the cream of the crop, likely only a small bit shy of God Realms. As for why she was shy of them, that was because the foolish Crafters of the Minerva Race had whittled away her potential with their foolish ambitions.

However, even so... flying in the Fourth Dimension? Even if it was the Peak of the Fourth... In fact, he could be considered a Quasi Fifth Dimensional expert now... but even so, wasn't it too ridiculous?

Leonel punched out and the world seemed to collapse around him. He could feel as though there was a push and pull between the World inside of him and the World his body was within. That push and pull reminded him a lot of [Domain] and [Universe], almost as though his Force was pressing its Will down into the world and imposing his might.

But this time, instead of targeting specific people or persons... it was the world itself.

'Wow...'

Leonel had only just had the idea of giving Tolliver a Destruction affinity. But did he even need to anymore? It felt like his father had thought of it long before he did.

His very will was Destruction itself now. If managed to comprehend the Self, then all of his Crafts would naturally have such characteristics as well.

BOOM!

Leonel's head suddenly snapped in a certain direction before a grin spread across his face. The pillar that shot into the skies was a bloody red, fueled by a Blood Force so dense that the world seemed awash in its aura.

He didn't need to look to know that it was his wife breaking into the Eighth Dimension.

Now, the duo had more than just a small bit of capital at their beck and call.

'Hm... I just have to comprehend Black True Destruction Sovereignty now to take the final step and enter the Fifth Dimension. But... I guess I should check the requirements for completing the Fifth and going into the Sixth now...'

Leonel sighed to himself. He knew it would be best to know exactly what he was looking for before he and Aina took the next steps. Wouldn't it be a shame if he had a chance to procure a treasure he needed, but missed out because he didn't even know to look?

He took a breath and peeked at the silver dictionary.

'Ahaha...' he chuckled dryly. '... you've got to be kidding me...'

The Fifth Dimension was all about undoing the shackles of the mind. Leonel had begun some pondering about why his father insisted on separating his mind and body, but now it felt even more obvious why.

For every cell of his body, just to progress through the Fourth Dimension, he needs an entire Essence's worth of Ninth Dimension Reinforced Urbe Ore-an absolutely ridiculous cost, and one that only got worse after his number of cells multiplied by another hundred.

Somnus' Urbe Ores hadn't even been enough and he had been forced to drain one of his Ninth Dimension Urbe Ore mines, leaving him with just two now.

But this was just on another level.

[For every Tier of the Fifth Dimension, absorb one World Spirit with God-Realm potential].

Leonel didn't even know what to say to this. First he needed a Demi-God World Spirit, but now he needed nine God World Spirits? Was his father trying to get him killed?

This wasn't even the requirement for entering the Sixth Dimension either, it was solely for the purpose of moving through the Fifth. It seemed that his feeling of becoming a World Spirit wasn't entirely unfounded. And as for the requirements to enter the Sixth...

[Elevate all Forces to the Life State]

[Comprehend Silver Constellation Realm] Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

[Comprehend Silver True Destruction Sovereignty]

[Comprehend Silver True Dream Sovereignty]

[Refine a World with God Realm Potential using your Natural Force Art]

'...'

Leonel rubbed his eyes, trying to make sure he was seeing correctly.

He had already become numb to the ridiculous asks of his comprehension, so he didn't even look at them, just focusing on the last line.

What in the hell did that mean?

His father wasn't even asking for World Spirits anymore, but actual entire worlds?

Leonel rubbed his temples.

'Okay, that's the second time the word "potential" was used. I assume that's on purpose or else it wouldn't be there. Does that mean there is a difference? But I thought World Spirits were all born at their peak potential?'

Leonel fell into his thoughts, trying to ignore the fact his father wanted him to swallow up a world like he was some sort of Void Beast.

If he really did that, and he was caught, it wasn't just a matter of himself anymore, the entire Human Race would definitely be finished.

The difficulty wasn't just in the task itself, but the implications behind it as well. There was no way that the world would allow a World-swallowing monster to roam free, especially since there was no real confirmation that this was the last time he would have to do it.

'Maybe it's related to the fact that some worlds can become Demi-God or even God while their inhabitants are still Mortals or Demi-Gods? In that case, maybe there is a path for World Spirits to evolve... it's just not as obvious.

'It seems I'll need to learn that as well... There was definitely a clue in the research papers Somnus brought along with him, I just have to rearrange the info and...'

Leonel's eyes glowed with a twin pair of lanterns.