Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2702 Blood Streaks

Minerva was practically catatonic. She seemed to have completely forgotten that the Void Race Pavilion Head was still here. Even now, she couldn't believe that she had fallen so far.

The reason these tears of blood were falling from her eyes wasn't due to despair, that emotion had vanished as soon as it appeared. Instead, it was rage and fury.

Anger toward the fact that this had happened.

Anger toward the fact she had been outplayed by a mere child.

Anger toward the realization of what had to happen now.

She took a breath, the voice of Drae'Von flickering into and out of attention for her. She seemed to have almost entirely tuned out the man, if not for his power, maybe she wouldn't have heard anything at all.

Slowly, her gaze became more and more focused, a sparking ember dancing within.

Soon, she took a breath and looked up.

"Esteemed Elder, please give us a chance. I understand how this matter might look, but this was never the intention of my Race. With your might, you should be able to tell whether I am lying or not, I have not stepped into the Realms of Creation with my Dream Force."

Minerva already knew the response to this. In the eyes of the Void Race Elder, she was a mere pawn. Of course she wouldn't know anything, the truth would be in the hands of her Ancestors.

But that was the thing about a conversation between Dream Force experts. Their minds worked quickly, and anything that could have fooled them before, so long as a small corner of it was unveiled, would expose the rest of it.

If Drae'Von felt that Minerva was ignorant to the matters before, he should have also concluded that she had "figured" all of this out by his own reactions.

In such a situation, he would assume that Minerva's response was in one part related to her wanting to confirm whether or not her Ancestors had truly betrayed the current Gods or not.

"You are aware that I will not allow you to leave."

"Esteemed Elder, I do not ask for this. I only ask for two things. One to inform my elders of your presence, and two that you also apply this same pressure to the Celestial Embers. Whether Elder believes my words or not, or believes that my Owlan Race has done anything untoward, I hope you would understand that I saw the Ancestor of the Celestial Ember take away the tablet with my very own eyes.

"This is the truth."

Drae'Von looked at her, the galaxies and stars across his body pulsing in silence.

"We will establish a connection with the Celestial Embers right here and now."

A communication device was ripped out from Minerva's spatial device and put on full display. Then, with a wave of his hand, it shattered, its bits and pieces absorbing tendrils of darkness until with a swirling flash, a portal was torn between worlds and suddenly the image of a flaming bird appeared on the other side.

Nova looked up, noticing the change to her surroundings immediately.

When she saw the Void Race Elder, she bowed slightly, lowering her long neck before looking up.

"Might I ask why you've contacted me, your lordship?"

Drae'Von's presence bloomed, but the Celestial Ember didn't falter, looking at him earnestly and still waiting for her answer.

"The Life Tablet, return it."

Nova blinked. "Life Tablet? I do not have it, nor was I able to procure it. I guess it was in my possession for a short time, but it vanished by methods unknown to me."

Drae'Von frowned, or so it seemed. Rather than his expression changing, nebulas began to explode across his body...

Because he could tell that Nova wasn't lying either.

How could they both not be lying? It was one thing for Minerva to not be lying, but the Celestial Ember?

Nova blinked. "Would you believe me if I said a young human boy was responsible?"

Drae'Von's temper suddenly snapped and he lashed out, grabbing toward the void. But in that moment, Minerva suddenly stood to her feet.

BOOM!

Drae'Von's fluttering image was repelled and sent back to his Dream Pavilion, having been expelled by Minerva herself.

With tears of blood quickly drying on her cheeks, she looked toward the Celestial Ember who was already chuckling.

"You've done this to our Race..." Minerva said lightly.

"Have I? I believe you have a certain little boy to blame far more than myself."

"I promise you that I will kill you both with my own two hands."

"Is that so?" Nova chortled. "I welcome it. But know that this is an opportunity for you, not a failure. You get the chance to rise up like you always have." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Minerva frowned. "What are you-"

"You've chosen to call yourself Minerva. Do you believe that anyone would believe you?"

Minerva fell into the silence. She was not the one who had chosen her name contrary to popular belief, and her parents had chosen the name during a completely different environment.

"Run along, now. I would suggest you inform your Ancestors as quickly as possible as this matter is beyond your ability to withstand."

"And what will you do?"

"Me? I will, of course, support my allies."

With that, Nova softly whistled and the void portal gently closed, leaving Minerva standing in silence.

After a long while, she plucked a feather from her wings, bringing its tip to her face.

She sliced into her skin, following the streaking lines of blood without the slightest change to her expression.

Blood flowed even faster, but her hands didn't pause, even to the point of cutting down to the bone.

Three streaks... five... seven...

Her beautiful face was completely ruined.

Without another word, she turned and left the Dream Pavilion, locking it down before she disappeared into the distance. As for her destination, it was none other than the core regions of the Owlan Race.

War was coming whether they liked it or not.