Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2722 Corporate

Leonel sat in silence, his gaze filled with a gloomy light.

He had been forced to let the matter go for the moment, but he was still inwardly seething. Unfortunately, he wasn't strong enough, and he was unwilling to let Aina expose her true strength at the moment. If he did so, not only would it put her in even more danger, but wouldn't that defeat the purpose?

He was feeling so unsatisfied right now because he constantly put her in the line of fire again, and again, and again. If he were to do it one more time, wouldn't the outcome be the same as every other time?

The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He closed his eyes, taking a breath and slowly calming himself down.

He had made use of his anger to improve his Destruction Sovereignty and enter the Fifth Dimension, and that had also come with a great boost to his strength. But he had also let it take hold of his mind in order to succeed.

It was a give and take, as with everything else. If he let himself sink into that depravity too much, he much end up right back at square one, suffering the same endless fury he had for so long after his father's death.

Honestly, right now, that was exactly the fury he wanted to tap into. He had let them off too easily and he didn't believe they deserved the mercy he had shown them, but what else could he do?

He had been able to match the Moonstone Lord for a short time, but he was a pathetic warrior in Leonel's eyes especially after what he had seen from observing Demi-Gods, let alone Gods.

The Moonstone Lord was at the 1st Tier of the Ninth Dimension, he had one Life State Force which was likely that odd Earth and Water Force he had used to block his arrows, and probably one or two powerful Impetus State Forces.

Then there was, of course, his Race to consider as the baseline talent was also of great importance to a person's individual strength. Leonel had seen this personally after he managed to take advantage of his Northern Star Lineage Factors.

Right now, Leonel's body had the talent of a Demi-God, and the increase to his strength was astonishing. He had managed to cross four Dimensions to do battle with the Moonstone Lord.

But it wasn't nearly enough.

Behind the Moonstone Lord there were countless guards, and behind them there were countless elders, and behind them, countless Ancestors.

Even if the geniuses among them were ignored, there were still trillions upon trillions of Spirituals. Was he supposed to fight them all? With what army?

And now the teleportation platforms out of this world were sealed off and they probably had perfect tabs on his location. They almost certainly controlled the World Spirit of this Bubble as well, so there wasn't anywhere he could hide even if he wanted to.

These last few things weren't actually what Leonel was worried about. Since he dared to act, he had a thousand different ways of leaving this world with these people being none the wiser.

It was just that he didn't want to. He wasn't satisfied.

Once again, he found himself being tugged between what was smart and what wasn't, and this time... the lines were actually much more blurred than it seemed.

'This scheme... it's more than just about snubbing their noses at humans. Their words, if they picked up any sort of steam, could actually lead to the destruction of what's left of us all. They had extremely sinister intentions. I can't ignore this now even if I wanted to... but how am I supposed to change this situation?'

The gloominess around Leonel was practically like a forcefield. He sat in silence, preferring to be alone at the moment as his mind churned.

...

"Is he going to be okay?"

The voice surprisingly came from Yuri. She spoke to Aina, wondering why it was that Aina wasn't trying to do anything.

They had returned to Savahn and Yuri's home, but at this point it wasn't nearly as "homie" as it had been in the past. It felt more like there was a guillotine looming over their heads, ready to fall at any time.

Aina smiled a bit bitterly, looking toward Leonel's back. She then looked at his brothers, and they too, while sending glances at him from time to time, didn't choose to bother him.

After a bit, Aina chuckled.

"Don't worry so much about him. What he's thinking of right now is how best to screw them all over. He's only unhappy because he hasn't thought of the perfect method yet, and he only hasn't thought of the perfect method because we're still lacking information."

Yuri scoffed. "You sound love sick." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Aina laughed. "I can read his mind, you know. It's quite an amazing thing. Now, when are you and Raj having babies?"

Yuri's eyes suddenly began to dart around as though a deer in headlights. She wanted to scurry away like a frightened rabbit, but Savahn was too busy cuddling in Joel's arms to help her out.

"W-we... we're not at the same stage as you and Leonel yet," she looked down and away, before quickly covering Aina's mouth, stopping her from saying anything else. "They all have superhuman hearing, why do you have to talk about this here?!" She hissed.

Raj, who was trying to pretend as though he wasn't paying attention, suddenly coughed, choking on his drink a bit.

Aina laughed through her palm before whisking Yuri away. She really wanted to know the answers to these questions.

At that moment, James plopped down by Leonel and put an arm around him, burping into the night skies. It seemed the alcohol was starting to get to him a bit because his eyes were already hazy.

"You went corporate on me, bud. What's with all this hesitation?"

James' laughter rang through the air as Leonel's gaze sharpened.