Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2725 Human Skin

Leonel's body exploded with power, every movement causing space to shudder.

He remembered the feeling of being in control of El'Rion's body. For a Pluto, even a single drop of blood could pierce through a Void Beast's corpse as though it was made of nothing more than wet paper. That had taught him just how powerful the Race was, and it was what made him certain that he was still far away from that stage.

However, even while acknowledging this, Leonel had come to understand something else.

Every step forward he took was enormous, and the changes to himself weren't to be underestimated just because they didn't match up to the greatest standard of bodily strength here was.

In terms of sheer body strength, at least in comparison to any other Fourth Dimensional existence Leonel could come across, he believed that there was no Demi-God that was a match for him. And even that was likely selling himself short.

The changes to Leonel's body couldn't just be measured in terms of his strength alone. That was because every improvement he made to his body was tied to his Northern Star Lineage Factor and his Morales Lineage Factor. By extension, that made them related to his Light, Dark, Star and Earth Force, which were well into the Life State by now.

This was to say because everything was so wrapped up into one, it was hard to distinguish between what was purely Leonel's bodily strength and what was related to his comprehension and use of Force. The two couldn't be divorced.

As a result, while Leonel's body was "only" at a Demi-God standard, a Fourth Dimensional Demi-God wouldn't be able to withstand a single punch from him even if he only used his body strength and nothing else. In fact, even a Fifth Dimensional one would be no match for him in this regard. It would take one on the verge of entering the Sixth Dimension to match up to his raw physical strength alone.

And he had yet to even form his Fifth Dimensional Metal Body.

Leonel didn't hesitate. Now that the time he needed to accomplish this had been shortened considerably, he didn't feel the need to shirk the effort and simply went all out.

After absorbing nearly 10,000,000 Mine Cores at the Fourth Dimension, shattered that many Fifth Dimensional Mine Cores instantly and then all hell seemed to break loose.

Leonel's blood sounded like raging rivers and thunderous storms in his veins. At that moment, he thought of the Dragon that was his mother's Emperor's Might manifestation and that seemed to form the core of his improvement. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Almost the moment he thought of it, his King's Might Lineage Factor, which had remained dormant and unused for so long, suddenly came roaring back.

Dream Force rolled off of him in waves, but this time, it was anchored by something even greater.

As he quickly absorbed the Fifth Dimensional Mine Cores, Leonel realized that his King's Might Lineage Factor had mutated once again, and this time the changes were shocking.

Gervaise was practically invincible within Ascension Empire territory. This was because his Emperor's Might Lineage Factor was tied to his Empire, and thus his strength could be fueled by not just his own power, but that of his citizens, their Dream Force, and other mysterious Forces that Leonel had gained faint inklings about, but lacked the full pictures of.

But what about Leonel?

He had experienced some of that shocking strength when he took over the Morales family, but it had only been a short time and he never really got to experience the full effect of it all...

But now, he had become a Quasi World Spirit, and his Lineage Factor seemed to have anchored itself in his Destruction World.

Leonel couldn't avoid it. This was because the separation of his soul in the first place was done for the sake of allowing all of this to happen, and now, it was like his King's Might had found an anchor for itself as well.

It was a full circle moment, not just because in the past Leonel had built his King's Might off the back of Destruction before changing his mind, but also because of a more important reason...

His Destruction World needed his body as an anchor... his body needed his soul as an anchor... and now, his soul, with his King's Might as a conduit, needed his Destruction World as an anchor!

It was hard for Leonel to tell immediately if this was a good or a bad thing.

On the one hand, it sounded exceptional. This would give him way more control over his world, and he could imagine the synergy it would have with [Domain], [Universe], and [Finality]. In fact, Leonel had already been having some thoughts about how his Destruction World could even improve these already overpowered techniques and make them even more powerful.

But the trouble was that he seemed to have cut himself off from one of the strongest benefits of King's Might...

People.

Even if Leonel could by some miracle allow people into his Destruction World, would they even be able to survive? How would he even be able to pull from them to strengthen himself? Didn't this mean that his King's Might, at least in this regard, was permanently neutered?

He shrugged it off. By now, he had already given up on becoming some great King of the people, so even if that was the case, it didn't change much for him. Also, he didn't have the mind to investigate it right now because he was completely focused on increasing the strength of his Metal Body.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Every echo of Leonel's heartbeat caused the air to shudder. Veins bulged across his body, not out of pain, but because his blood was rushing around so fast and so furiously that they dilated, and in order to make sure that his body wasn't dealing with large, bloodless gaps, it was forced to produce more and more.

Leonel had practically become a beast in human skin.