Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2729 Trio

Leonel's arrow tore through the skies with such speeds that booming concentric circles of volatile air formed an enormous cone around it, rippling out in all directions.

Each one would start as small as the tip of the arrow and then bloom outward so far that it seemed that all the glass windows in the entire city were blown out in an instant of time.

The first wave broke them into pieces. The second wave crushed them even further. The third turned them into volatile particles in the air so small that they could be breathed in. And the fourth turned them to nothing.

When the arrow finally reached Zornoir, he exploded the instant the tip of the arrow touched him.

[Finality].

Leonel exploded with over 10 times his strength in an instant, causing a firework of blood and gore to rain down from the skies before they were vaporized by the fifth pulse.

It was truly an arrow to end all arrows.

Leonel grinned, grabbing at the air and pulling Zornoir's soul down and into the palm of his hand. Even with all that destruction, he was perfectly intact, painting the perfect picture of Leonel's level of control.

He had forgotten how fun it was to use the bow. By default, he always brought out his spear, partly because of his Lineage Factor and partly because back then, his White Lion Bow had fallen behind considerably in strength compared to what he could take out from the Spear Domain Ring.

But now that he could create his own weapon, and his Lineage Factor had evolved, he felt he shouldn't neglect his bow as much.

The main problem was honestly his Constellation. It was clearly better suited to boosting his spear and his Divine Armor. If he changed it too much, it would begin impacting the other Morales.

He hadn't forgotten about them, it was just that... he felt it was difficult to face them.

They had lost their friends, their family, and he, their Patriarch, wasn't there when they needed him most.

It wasn't his fault, and he even held some resentment toward his grandfather for pulling him away like that without a word, but he had done all he could already.

Emperor Fawkes likely didn't have much of a choice, and without the chance to reform his foundation like this, how could he exhibit the strength he was now?

Even his father knew that this was an inevitable outcome for the Morales, that was why he knew that Leonel would be able to comprehend the Constellation Realm ahead of time. The Demoness would have never allowed them to continue as constructed, it would constitute too many unwanted variables.

Leonel clenched his fists and exhaled. He released his grip when he was just about to crush Zornoir and calmed himself.

"Three... two..."

Leonel looked up, and at that moment, the skies shook as several auras descended in a torrent of energy.

A bright smile spread across Leonel's face.

"How dare-"

Leonel tuned out the rest, cleaning out his ears. He didn't have the patience for the soap opera-like corny lines. Sure, it sounded all very real and good. After all, you'd be highly pressed to find better actors than Soul and Dream Force experts.

But when you were an expert in Dream Force like Leonel, seeing through the quirks in their soul fluctuations was so easy that he could practically feel his bones rusting from the cringe.

For his mental health, it was best he didn't listen.

He raised his bow to the skies, facing off against the small troop of ten.

"Just come already, will you?"

...

"Their teleportation platforms are shut down?"

A man dressed in a black cloak and a mask stood with his frown hidden from the world. All around him, he could hear the complaints of those that wanted to get to the Ma'at Bubble, but couldn't because all of their channels had been shut down.

This man was, unsurprisingly, Aerin.

In the end, he couldn't hold himself back. But he knew that there was no way that he could appear out in the open. Not only had he left behind a body double, he had snuck out with the best channels available to him, not even leaving his father a letter.

As a Dream Force user, he knew the pitfalls, and he knew how to protect the minds of those around him, and also how to fool another Dream Force user.

Everything was perfect until he got here and found out that there was no way in.

'Why would they shut down the teleportation channels? This is unlike what was described in that letter. But if someone really is luring me here, then why would they bar me from entering the place they wanted me to come to in the first place?'

Aerin's expression suddenly changed.

Could it be?

'No, I need to leave. Now.'

Aerin turned away, ready to rush out when a sudden gust of wind blew his cloak's hood off and shattered his mask in a single blow.

A vicious gust of wind swirled in the air. Hurricane force winds seemed prepared to collapse reality itself, tsunamis forming in the oceans and mountains collapsing...

Just beneath a breath.

A trio of Void Race youths stood in the skies.

"This air smells like shit."

"Then don't take in so much of it, fool."

The three bantered like they weren't stepping into a war-torn world.

"I can't believe they sent us here. Who's fighting already anyway?"

"They probably sent the Impures," another responded.

The so-called Impures were to the Gods what Lumina had been to the Owlans... descendants with such impure blood that they couldn't be quite classified as Gods, but they were better than probably most Demi-Gods by virtue of their lineage. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Even those ants should be enough to deal with them, why did they have to send us?"

"There should be some goodies here. It's a Demi-God World, after all. It's not like we get the real resources back home anyway."

"We should hurry too... I heard Shan'Rae might come. Some mortal pissed her off and she jumped at the chance..."

The three shivered.