Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2730 Assimilate

Leonel took a step and appeared high in the skies. In one hand, he held Zornoir's soul, and in the other, there was his bow. He continued looking at the soul as though he couldn't sense the trembling rage around him from the surging Spirituals. His mind truly seemed lost in thought...

And then he grinned.

He suddenly nocked Zornoir's soul onto his bow, causing the eyes of the Spirituals in the surroundings to widen in shock.

"You want a villain? I'll play the villain role for you nicely."

[Star Fusion: King's Might].

[Assimilate].

At that moment, Zornoir's soul let out endless howls as he was fused into an arrow of world-shuddering proportions. All the strength of a once mighty warrior was infused into a single weapon, pulled and stretched by the will of Leonel's King's Might and his Crafter's touch. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

He manipulated the Force Arts until they were perfect for Zornoir, bringing out his full potential.

There was no doubt that King's Might was the biggest nightmare for Ninth Dimensional experts...

Once it was used, they had no chance at a rebirth. Their comprehension, their strength, was no longer their own. Instead, it became Leonel's.

What right did they have to use it to come back in that case?

Like Leonel had said, since they wanted a villain, he would give them one. Not only would he give them one, but on this day...

The Fawkes family would return.

BANG!

The arrow was so fast the air shattered the moment it left his bowstring, a long tail of rippling space being left in its wake.

The approaching troops of Spirituals felt their hearts freeze over. A single thought dominated their minds, forcing their hearts into submission.

Run.

But was that even possible anymore?

Leonel's laughter filled the skies.

"Years ago, the Fawkes were betrayed by their own people and forced into hiding by the feelings of the weak and pitiful.

"Today, we return."

Leonel's hidden Dimension flourished and in that instant, the full brunt of his Fifth Dimensional strength bloomed, shocking the world as it was layered in a fictitious Sixth Dimension aura.

At that moment, they realized that it wasn't a Ninth Dimensional human powerhouse they were facing...

It was a Sixth Dimensional genius!

The Spirituals began to explode one after another before the arrow even reached them. Their Forces were ripped apart, their resistances crumbling beneath its mere presence, let alone its touch.

It soared by them with such speed that they froze in the skies, their bodies cracking apart. The rest of them thought that they had survived by some sort of miracle as it suddenly flashed by them, disappearing into the distance.

But those were the last thoughts they had in this lifetime.

Before the arrow even landed, they shattered to pieces like porcelain. And then, a mountain in the distance crumbled, the world shaking beneath its might.

Leonel's voice boomed, layering atop the cacophony of explosions. It was as though he wouldn't be satisfied until the whole world could hear him.

And then the world itself shook, the might of the explosion being so great that the entire Bubble World suffered an earthquake.

Leonel waved a hand, and the dozen warriors that had come to deal with him were pulled into a bundle of souls. He grabbed at the air with another hand and his Emulation Spatial Force quickly formed into a quiver.

"[Assimilate]."

The most fearsome nature of the Fawkes was put on full display for all to see. It only took victory in one battle for their strength to suddenly steamroll forward.

Without King's Might, not only would Leonel still be battling, he would have already been heavily injured. As powerful as he had become, it wasn't enough for him to treat the pinnacle of the Mortal Races with impunity, especially when they were in the Ninth Dimension.

But did he need to now?

He had already made his decision. Since he was using a separate identity this time, and he was seen as a mysterious human that had come out of nowhere, he would give them some real pressure.

The Fawkes family had been feared enough in the not too distant past that not only had their own fellow humans acted against them, but it also had to be remembered that they were goaded into doing so by much higher Races. The Demi-Gods were certainly involved, and if Leonel was correct, even the Gods might have given a nudge or two here and there.

In that case, the Fawkes was the perfect role for him to step into.

He wanted to see how far they would try to push him. His King's Might Lineage Factor, paired with his Dream Force, was the perfect weapon to use against enemies much more powerful than himself. At the same time, the display of might he had just shown would make them think thrice before they came to deal with him.

Would it create more pressure as well? Almost certainly so. But so what?

He had a feeling that this would only help him, not harm him.

'There are some holes in my identity. The first and most obvious is Savahn and Yuri. What are the odds that they would both be close to myself and Aina, as well as this new Fawkes character?'

Leonel smiled, seemingly not worried at all.

The truth was that the devil was in the details, and where not all flaws were weaknesses... they were also opportunities, and sometimes, when flaws were too obvious, intelligent people might overlook them because they wouldn't assume him to make such a stupid mistake.

This was the sort of game and flow that Leonel liked the most. He felt like someone was trying to put him on their chessboard, and quite frankly...

He found it to be amusing because he could tell that this person wasn't an absolute expert like the Demoness.

They were fallible, and probably thought themselves to be much greater than they were.

And he would crush them because of that.

"There's something, Leonel," Anastasia called out.