Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2732 Won

Leonel landed in the mountain range his own arrow had just destroyed. Nothing he did was without purpose, even if it was showing off. Or so he liked to think.

He grinned to himself, sensing the volatile plumes of creation, strands of destruction, and more importantly than any of that, the wild fluctuations of space in the surroundings.

Just now, he used [Assimilate] to fuse a Ninth Dimensional warrior into his arrow of Scarlet Star Force and Emulation Spatial Force. Seeing such potential for creation, his Scarlet Star Force quickly gobbled it up, and the pure Dream and Soul Force coming from the soul bolstered his Emulation Spatial Force considerably.

On top of that, because of his Destruction World's influence, he had been able to force the Craft into a Quasi Self Grade state. And as a result of that, all the potential for creation was quickly forced into a state of complete and utter Destruction.

This was all to say that the arrow wasn't just a little powerful... it was so strong that it was likely capable of lighting up more than 27 Runes on the Truth Pillar, a number that was nine better than the best Leonel or Minerva could do.

[Assimilate] was one of the three most powerful techniques of Emperor's Might. It was designed to allow you to fuse the souls with objects that could raise and elevate its status to another level, but it could also do the reverse.

It was thanks to [Assimilate] that Tolliver had managed to gain the talent of an Infinity Beast, and when it was done in reverse, Leonel's arrows gained the strength of a Ninth Dimensional expert.

No, it wasn't accurate to say it like this. It was more like the Life Force of such an existence, all their potential and everything they had once been or would have ever been exploded all at once. And that was all without even considering the Scarlet Star Force it was fueling.

It wasn't just a Ninth Dimensional level of strength; explaining it that way was too simple... and its power proved that.

This time, though, that wasn't the point of Leonel's current escapade. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The eruption of his arrow had provided him with a good opportunity. The space here was highly unstable, and the gap between it and the in-between world was shrinking and expanding rapidly, fluctuating back and forth.

If he timed it correctly...

Leonel took a step and suddenly vanished.

...

Aerin covered his face with a hand, but he already knew that it was useless. He had disguised himself even beneath his mask, also making himself taller.

His real height was barely over five feet tall; he'd be hard-pressed to get to 5'1" unless he was wearing shoes. That was a dead giveaway to his race, so he had, of course, taken other precautions aside from a cloak and mask.

But the trouble was that without all of them together, anyone stronger than him would be able to see through him.

And just like he feared, the moment his mask was shattered, the Dream Force around him shattered as well.

His translucent wings burst from his back as he continued into a hurried retreat, pulling out his bow.

He still didn't know who was assaulting him. His eyes darted from left to right, his Internal Sight blooming.

When he still couldn't find anything, he circulated a technique, his eyes beginning to glow and his Nodal Pathways pulsing with power.

The earth beneath him trembled despite the fact he was in the air, and a wave of Earth and Spatial Force rippled out in all directions.

The danger Aerin was feeling was on an entirely different level. He had still yet to see this person, and many were looking at him like some sort of madman, but all he could feel was that if he didn't go all out, he would lose his life right here and now.

Geomag Force was a top 10 Earth Force, one known for its fusion between Earth and Space Force, and for its rarity.

Aerin would have normally never displayed his abilities in using this Force. He had spent much of his life hiding his true talent, and if not for the opportunity the Gathering of Minds presented, he would have never taken even a single step out of his world.

But unfortunately, reality was cruel. The moment he stepped out, he found himself stuck in this game of cat and mouse between himself and an existence he had never laid his eyes on before.

Using his Geomag Force, he pushed his senses to the limit, sensing pulsing through the earth and space to locate who had suddenly attacked him...

And that only let him smell his death coming a split second before anyone else. Just a small split moment... not enough for him to do a single thing with, and certainly not enough to save his life.

The sudden attack seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once. It bore down on him with such force that his body froze before it even landed. In that moment, he felt like those Spirituals who had just faced Leonel's arrow.

Then it appeared before his eyes, a whirlwind of strength looking to bore a hole through his forehead.

It was then a figure appeared before him, standing tall and proud, he extended out a hand.

"Well, shit, this attack is more powerful than I thought it was," the figure mumbled.

Aerin almost fainted when he heard this. Why act so confidently if this was going to be the end result anyway!?

"Blackstar!" The figure chuckled as though he could hear Aerin's thoughts before calling out to the empty void of space.

At that moment, Aerin felt his vision go black and when it cleared up again, he felt himself shiver. He looked back and found a long, cone-shape trench extending behind him. The city was half destroyed and everything left in its wake had crumbled to ash.

"Welp, looks like they won this round," the figure clicked his tongue.

Aerin's face warped in confusion. What did that mean?