Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Soon, an odd metallic beast came into being.

At first it seemed that its metal coverings were just bits of oddly placed armor. However, when it began to stretch, it became obvious from its movement that these metallic shields were a part of its body.

It stood on four limbs, looking somewhat like a large silver tiger. However, its tail was exceptionally long, being formed of shield-like scales that reminded one of a scorpion without the final pincer. This tail was almost like a whip, being double the length of the creature's body.

It had two sharp tusks that left its mouth partially open. At the same time, it only had a single vertical eye that split its forehead in two.

At this time, the beast was surrounded by a shield. Though the voice had said that the first trial had begun, a step had to be completed first.

The demon chosen to be first stood on its platform, facing the creature. However, he had yet to step onto the main platform just yet. This wasn't because he was cowering in fear, but rather because odd patterns had begun to form before him.

He wasn't the only one who could see these patterns. It was another choice. Except this time, everyone would bear witness to it together.

Soon, the patterns coalesced, forming a clear image. What was left were numerous spheres connected by branching lasers.

Most of these spheres were dim. However, at the very bottom, there was one that was slightly brighter.

Leonel's mind immediately realized what this was.

'Skill tree?'

At first, Leonel thought his idea was silly. But, the more he thought about it, the more he realized that this was the only explanation.

The demon's choice of weapon was a mace. The only bright sphere of the skill tree also projected the image of a mace except this mace was in movement, displaying what Leonel assumed was a technique.

Unlike Leonel who was in the dark, it seemed the demon wasn't surprised by the appearance of this skill tree. His eyes looked toward the top of the skill tree with a fiery light, but he was well aware he wasn't in position to touch those legendary abilities just yet.

With a hint of reluctance, he reached for the only slightly bright sphere.

<Basic Skill 'Single-handed Bash' Chosen>

<Skill Points Remaining: 0>

<Trial Commencing> Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The demon brandished his mace and licked his lips.

The shield vanished the moment he stepped onto the main platform. In that instant, the lazily stretching beast suddenly stopped, a faint growl trembling its tusks.

The battle lasted longer than Leonel thought it would. He had originally assumed that it would be a matter of a few moves, but the longer he observed, the more shocked and apprehensive he became.

The reason for his shock wasn't because the beast was too powerful or that the demon was too weak, or even the vice versa of either. The reason he was so shocked was because aside from 'Single-handed Bash', the demon didn't use any other moves.

No, that wasn't exactly right. It wasn't that he didn't use any other moves but rather that… He couldn't!

When Leonel reached this point in his thoughts, he sucked in a cold breath and suddenly understood how this trial would work. There were likely formless laws in this place that made it impossible to use skills that weren't unlocked through the skill tree.

Leonel was stunned. For the first time, he somewhat regretted choosing the bow. If things were really like this, he was in a bad position.

It wasn't a simple matter of attack patterns being restricted. The demon could only move with simple steps. In addition, his skill seemed to have a cool down as though this was really a game. This sort of situation caused him to only be able to attack once every three seconds.

This meant that every aspect of battle was controlled, whether it was movement, attack or defense! As a bowman, Leonel was particularly restricted. It would make the future several levels more troublesome.

This wasn't the only problem either. Leonel had hoped to use his Mage Arts to make up for his lack of arrows. But, if he could only use skills on his skill tree… where would he get arrows from?!

Leonel was certain that if this place could restrict even attack patterns, there was no way it would allow him to produce his own arrows.

'Shit…' Leonel clenched his jaw.

Finally, after a long drawn out battle, the sound of shattering glass resounded. An invisible shield around the metallic beast broke, causing it to shut down.

Beaten and haggard, the demon's eyes flashed brilliantly. Though fatigued, he had done it, he had passed the first trial.

<First Trial Complete>

<Time Taken: 2:39:02>

<Trial Grade: C>

<Skill Points Rewarded: 2>

<Special Reward: None>

The skill tree appeared before the demon man once again. This time, a new row had lit up. But, with his skill points, he could at most choose two. In addition, there were some skills that needed more than just a single point to awaken.

For now, though, all the skills the demon man could awaken were Basic and as such only needed one.

The trouble was deciding a path to go down. Should he try to diversify or try to specialize in one branch until he could awaken ranked skills?

Eventually, the demon made his choice.

<Basic Skill 'Two-handed Bash' Chosen>

<Basic Skill 'Charged Bash' Chosen>

<Skill Points Remaining: 0>

<C-grade Recovery Rewarded>

The demon's platform shot back. Once it was within the group of waiting trial takers, a soothing light descended upon him, slowly washing away his fatigue.

At that moment, everyone grew tense once more. For a Demon Lord with such a formitable body to struggle so much, everyone was hoping they'd have more time to observe, even Leonel.

Unfortunately… reality was cruel.

Leonel felt his platform tremble and then shoot forward.. It seemed he had won a lottery he had wanted no parts of.