Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2743 Take Your Place

Leonel stood with Eamon and Goggles by his side, the former of whom was at the Seventh Dimension and the latter of whom was still at the Fourth.

Goggles was taking his time, reaffirming his foundation. With the resources that Leonel had given him, he could have certainly entered the Fifth Dimension already. But Leonel himself was the perfect example of why Dimension wasn't everything. He had taken it upon himself to comprehend every step of [Dimensional Cleanse] himself before even thinking about moving on, and he was also putting quite some effort into comprehending his Dream Force. Despite being in the Fourth Dimension, he was already at the Quasi Impetus State. Who knew, maybe he might even breakthrough soon. In that way, he was a trump card.

As expected, when the Nomads saw that Leonel had a Fourth Dimensional and Seventh Dimensional existence by his sides, they couldn't help but narrow their eyes. This was... Unexpected.

The Khafra Patriarch was taken off guard as well, his thoughts moving like lightning as he thought through the Fourth Dimensional existences they could send up. The unfortunate truth was that the list was small. Not only that, but they were all children as well. Some of them were as young as six or seven years old. Were they really going to throw them into battle like this?

Looking at the smile on Leonel's face, they frowned. On the one hand, someone who was so old and yet still in the Fourth Dimension wasn't a threat. Under normal circumstances, they would find it to be hilarious, actually. But the problem was that they had Leonel as a blueprint. Could it be that there was another genius like Leonel amongst the humans?

As troublesome as Goggles was to find an opponent for, Eamon almost had the opposite problem. There were so many Seventh Dimensional geniuses amongst them that it was hard to pick one to participate. This might even end up in some internal conflict before the battle even began. Had Leonel done this on purpose?

They thought that he was hot-headed. But if he was, shouldn't he make it a two-person battle again? Why had he made such a... smart decision?

'Something is wrong,' Patriarch Khafra thought to himself. 'I should-'

'Continue.'

A voice echoed in Patriarch Khafra's ear. He could practically hear the smile in the words that oozed with confidence. Flaura didn't seem to care about Leonel's little ploy.

The Khafra Patriarch looked toward the Hands of God by his side. He realized that he had been eager to participate, but it seemed that it would be his turn. Leonel wouldn't allow it.

He waved a hand. "Bring Little Fox and Ferrouge here."

Soon, a little boy and a young man in his very early twenties appeared.

The little boy could be described as cute as a button. He had large, chubby cheeks and a rosiness to his skin that accentuated his vibrant youth. Even so, there was a cleverness that belied his immaturity, sparkling in his large green eyes. He had a level of cuteness that could make a hoard of girls pinch him to death, and it was only made all the more adorable when he started playing games with his little floating hands.

Leonel laughed when he saw the little boy, not out of disdain, but even he had to admit that he was too cute. He almost immediately felt fiercely protective of this little boy and didn't want to see anything untoward happen to him, but that was what made him laugh harder. This was no doubt an Ability Index. It seemed that the little boy's Dream Force should come from a charming type ability. Leonel would use the Life Tablet to find out exactly what it was, but he didn't want to give his enemies any chance to see through him. Logically, almost no one should be able to sense the Life Tablet, but he wanted to keep all his ducks in a row. No use in overextending himself just for a little bit of curiosity. It wasn't worth the risk. This little boy was obviously Little Fox, and the young man should be-

"Patriarch, please!"

Gregwyn's voice suddenly echoed. Ever since Leonel had appeared, he had been looking forward with a gaze that could kill. Leonel had, of course, noticed him and recognized him as well; he just couldn't be bothered to give a damn.

"Give me this chance!" Gregwyn's irises had practically turned red. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He, too, was in the Seventh Dimension. He didn't want to miss this opportunity. He had to participate no matter what.

Patriarch Khafra frowned. This was exactly the situation he wanted to avoid, and yet it had still happened anyway.

He waved a hand, a force pressing down on Gregwyn and silencing him. Now wasn't the time to allow such dissent.

Ferrouge glanced at Gregwyn and his heart trembled. There was a tremendous amount of rage coming off of him in waves. Even Patriarch Khafra, who had just turned away, frowned once more, looking back. Gregwyn's floating hands were pulsing with a vicious light, veins of red pulsing into and out of existence as they bulged and shrunk in rapid succession. He looked like a rabid dog, turning all his aggro toward Patriarch Khafra. He couldn't stand this man for blocking his path forward like this. The skies above their Dream Pavilion trembled and the Pavilions quaked.

Suddenly... BANG! Gregwyn's floating palms explosively increased in size, his own body growing from under two meters tall to over three in that very instant.

Patriarch Khafra's suppression of him shattered, but he didn't react as one might have thought to this situation. Instead, his gaze glowed, a fascinated expression appearing on his face.

He looked at Gregwyn deeply as many of the weaker Nomads shied away, unable to withstand the sudden change.

"Interesting, interesting," Patriarch Khafra spoke to himself.

Then, he nodded. "Ferrouge, you'll step down. For this battle, Gregwyn will take your place."