Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2752 Weak

By this point, they were already over the halfway point. There would likely be two or three more challenges between now and the end.

Of course, there could be more, but that was dependent on how short they were.

The challenges like the one where Patriarch Khafra faced off against Leonel provided the least amount of points. The long ones like the three on three between both teams provided the most points. While challenges like the one where Eamon almost lost his life provided the most disparity in points. It could be said that after this round, Leonel and the others had fallen much further behind.

But they were still in striking distance. One challenge loss wasn't enough to change everything, or else what would be the point in holding this combat to begin with.

Leonel helped Eamon stabilize his situation. He had broken an arm and practically all of his ribs.

Unfortunately, there were no items that Leonel could bring in, so he couldn't help him out either. This was a bit of a troublesome matter... for most people.

While it was true that he couldn't bring in any other items, the same wasn't true of Force. At least in this courtroom, he could use Forces outside of Dream Force, and because of that, he had his Vital Star Force.

He poured it into Eamon, and soon the latter's situation not only stabilized, it skyrocketed upward for the better.

Leonel looked up and the first thing he saw was Gregwyn's maleficent gaze, but he was having a hard time taking the man seriously.

"Take this as a lesson," Leonel said, looking toward Eamon. "Strength is very important in this world. The weak can only prattle on about justice and morality."

"LEONEL!" Gregwyn was furious. How could he not know that Leonel was speaking about him?

Leonel didn't even bother to respond. Gregwyn was good at loading his words, speaking of women and children, but he had never faced off against women and children, looked them in the eye, and then slaughter them.

Did he kill them? Yes. But he had done so no differently than what would have happened to the Human Domain had the invasion of Gregwyn's Nomad Race succeeded.

He walked by their planets and casually destroyed them with the indifference of those invading Races.

He remembered Gregwyn's face and demeanor quite well. It wasn't that he paid so much attention to such a meaningless person, but rather because his memory was too good.

He remembered Gregwyn reclining on his palms, laughing and chuckling as the Human Domain was being invaded, having the time of his life. He wasn't even part of the vanguard, he was just leisurely commanding from the back. How could a genius like him put his life on the line so casually? Of course others had to do it for him.

He couldn't take such a person seriously.

Did he really care about the death of the women and children? Or did he care more about the fact his status had been stripped away from him after his people died?

If he really cared about protecting their lives, why had he run back to the core of his Domain? Shouldn't he had stayed on the battlefield and let Leonel kill him there? At the very least, there should have been some sort of vanguard waiting for when he entered their Domain.

But where they were?

Scuttling like rats in the middle of their territory, hiding behind the women and children he claimed to care so much about, and shuttling away their nobles to the safety of another Domain.

Pathetic.

"Indeed," Patriarch Khafra said lightly. "The weak can do nothing more than clamber." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The words, this time, were clearly aimed at Leonel. What was he doing now if not clambering? He lost to the Owlans, so he challenged the Spirituals. He lost to the Spirituals, so he could only challenge the Nomads.

Leonel's indifference spread out into a maleficent grin. At the moment, he exuded far more intention to kill that Gregwyn could hope to live up to.

"Pick the one on one if you dare, old man. Someone who's already lost to me speaking about the weak? Learn your place. The world can see for itself which of us is the weak one."

"You did not have to ask," Patriarch Khafra spoke lightly, reaching forward and picking the Force Art Tower challenge.

In a blink, Leonel and Patriarch Khafra had vanished, the two of them appearing in separate towers.

The Force Art Tower challenge was likely the most important challenge to appear. It was the golden goose, so to speak.

While you couldn't win with a single challenge, and all challenges were created equal, this was the one exception to the rule.

Winning it in one go still wasn't possible, however, this was certainly the most important challenge, and a decisive victory here was certainly enough to open a gap no less than Gregwyn's victory.

It wasn't just this, but it would also be a long challenge, meaning that it would also provide a large amount of points.

It was likely that after this, there would only be one challenge remaining.

This challenge was "simple". The Tower had nine floors and each floor had an environment. This environment would, in reality, be a hidden Force Art. The world itself was akin to a Force Art.

To this day, it was still widely accepted that other than the Life Tablet and Gathering of Kingdoms Stele, this was the greatest Craft in all of existence.

To make a world out of Force Arts... just what kind of concept was this? It was beyond normal Realms of understanding.

And it was precisely this sort of world that Leonel appeared in. Everything looked so real, so lively.

Greenery surrounded him, a massive carnivorous plant loomed overhead, looking much more like an unbloomed lily with jagged rows of teeth on each petal.

The green was only interrupted by hints of blues and reds, sometimes yellows and purples.

It was truly a gorgeous world.