Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2765 Innocence

Leonel pinned Aina beneath him, wrapping an arm around her waist and intertwining his free hand in one of hers.

It had been a long while since the two had sex on an actual bed, even though this one was only barely large enough for their heights. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Leonel was just over 6'9" and Aina was easily over 6'2". It could be said that the beds meant for the Dwarven Race were very much not designed for them.

Even so, they made do, forgetting the world and having a sweet sort of moment together that strayed from their usual wild antics.

By the time either one actually came up for breath, they were flushed. Aina's skin seemed painted in red, looking so thin and delicate that even her beating heart could be seen between her large breasts.

Leonel flipped her on top of him and wrapped around her waist tighter, his hands sinking into her soft skin. Their hearts beat as one and their movements were slow and deliberate, almost as though they weren't chasing any sort of climax, but rather wanted to enjoy every stroke and every moment.

They wasted the day away, not minding anything else until they fell into one another's embrace.

"Are you going to tell me what happened now?" Aina asked, pinching Leonel's waist. This guy took advantage of her. Had she still been in the Eighth Dimension, there was no way she would have made that mistake earlier.

"Who asked you to take a shower? Clearly, you were seducing me," Leonel said righteously.

Aina rolled her eyes. "I'm so sorry, mighty king. Next time I want to groom myself I'll ask for your permission first."

Leonel's hand reached down as squeezed a cheek, feeling endlessly satisfied.

"As long as you know the error of your ways."

Aina giggled and rolled her eyes again. "Now, quickly, tell me."

In truth, she didn't mind it. Leonel was at least half right. Why would she shower here when she had the best water in the world available to her in the Segmented Cube?

Honestly, her libido was getting higher and higher these days the stronger she grew. Luckily, her husband was more than equipped to keep up.

"They just made a foolish mistake. I'm almost certain that I know the parameters of their alliance now, and that makes things much easier."

Leonel waved a free hand and the green-veined hand shot up toward him.

"The only variable is this hand here, but I'm pretty sure if I analyze it, I can deduce whether it's truly meant to be a Nomad palm, or something else. In fact, Anastasia, what do you think?" Leonel asked.

A World Spirit should be more sensitive about these things. So long as Leonel directed her, it shouldn't be too difficult to tell.

"Human," Anastasia said before shrieking. Covering her eyes with her little palms, she ran away at her fastest speed.

Leonel and Aina burst into laughter.

Anastasia always gave them their privacy. At the very least, she understood this little bit of decorum. She didn't spend her time spying on everyone. As a World Spirit, her concept of time was different from most everyone else, so as long as Leonel interacted with her from time to time, she wouldn't feel lonely.

The existence of a World Spirit was mostly spent in long bouts of solitude. It was just that Anastasia had awakened some sentience of her own, so she wasn't exactly like a normal World Spirit should be. If not, she wouldn't be so embarrassed by Leonel and Aina's display.

"Human, huh?" Leonel looked at the palm. Surprisingly, he still wasn't certain as though he was missing something.

However, regardless of what it was, he still felt confident.

"What does this mean?" Aina asked.

"It means that I know their weakness, and they only think they know mine. A while ago, I overheard a conversation between some Dwarven Races about how outsiders are interested in the rewards they got from the Gathering of Minds. There's some pressure, some artificial, some not.

"This makes it easier to parse through the noise and understand exactly what they want to do. We can, mostly, ignore the Cloud Race and focus our attention on the Nomads. In fact, we can even maybe use the Cloud Race not much unlike they are."

"Then what do you want to do?"

"Well, first... I think it's about time the Pavilion Head of the Dwarven Race's Dream Pavilion changes," Leonel said with a grin.

"You are...?"

"If I was this Dream Asura, after the Khafra Dream Pavilion fell out of the top 300, I'd have them challenge the Dwarven Dream Pavilion for their spot back.

"This would cause two things. Not only would this let the Khafra Bubble rise back up, but it would also be a signal to the world that the Dwarven Race is vulnerable. By then, the artificial pressure would increase and give them a chance to strike.

"The more pressure the Dwarven Race is under, the more chances there would be. If something happens to Aerin at just the right time, it could truly spark the flames of war."

"So you want to hand the Khafra Bubble their second loss in a row."

Leonel grinned. "I haven't had enough fun crushing those bastards yet. In fact, I think it's about time Patriarch Khafra dies."

Aina's gaze flickered. Sensing the determination from Leonel, she suddenly felt something inside of her heating up again. This time, it was her turn to pounce.

"Ah, my innocence!" Leonel called out.

"Shh, shh, don't struggle," Aina whispered into his ear, her coercion leaking and making goosebumps rise up all across his skin. "It'll hurt at first, but then it'll feel good."

Leonel was aghast, what kind of role-play was this? Where was the morality? What happened to their little cute romance? Where was the justice? Why wasn't she putting it inside her yet?

Leonel's face looked like it was painted in horror, but his body didn't resist in the slightest, making Aina let out a bell-like laughter.