Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A pilar of golden light fell onto Leonel's body.

At first, he thought it was a pity. Aside from soreness in his muscles from pulling his bow again and again, there wasn't much else wrong with him.

However, the moment the pillar fell onto him, Leonel realized that he had thought too simply.

Leonel felt his meditation technique begin to circulate on its own. He immediately realized that this meditation technique wasn't one he had learned from Camelot, but rather a meditation technique he had grasped from [Merlin's Bestrowal: Bowman King].

Meditation techniques all relied on breathing. This wasn't only the expansion and contraction of the lungs, but of the Force Nodes as well.

Where they differed in complexity was in the purity of Force they used to temper one's already existing Internal Strength and the methods by which breathing could be done.

Many meditation techniques could only intake energy through the mouth and nose. Some higher level techniques could use the hands in thanks to special seals formed by the fingers.

However, Merlin's technique was on a completely different level. It could absorb Force directly through the Ethereal Glabella. Not only was Force capable of doing this exceptionally pure, but it was also incredibly dense, making it easier to Crystallize one's Force.

The special Force capable of doing this was known as Star Force. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Star Force was among the highest level Forces in all of existence, existing on a level no inferior to Light Elemental or Dark Elemental Force. In fact, this was only when considering the lowest grade Star Force there was. When the highest order Star Forces were taken into consideration, even such Elemental Forces could not compare.

Of course, this was just a matter of differing quality. There were always exceptions to the rule. There were stronger and weaker inheritances of Light and Darkness as well. But, this wasn't important at the moment.

What was important was that Star Force was well known for two abilities: its purity and its density.

Compared to other Forces, Star Force was the most well known for its purity. Not only was it exceptionally pure, but it could influence its surroundings to be purified. In fact, this latter abilities where much of its preciousness came from.

In addition, Star Force was naturally dense. Even without undergoing Crystallization, a given portion of Star Force could execute more actions than the same amount of another Force.

What Leonel realized at that moment was that this recovery opportunity wasn't just for healing his body, but it also circulated his meditation technique for him, purifying his Force.

Leonel immediately realized that this refinement was several times faster than it had been in the past.

Suddenly, Leonel's expression changed.

The two stars within his Ethereal Glabella began to greedily absorb the Star Force flooding into him. Soon, they began to spin faster, pulsing out with radiant Star Force that was a level purer and denser than what was provided by Merlin's Trial grounds.

Leonel felt like he had been hit by a bolt of lightning.

[Dimensional Cleanse]… Could it rely on Star Force as well?

Now that he thought about it, every time he formed a Star, his body would be cleansed and impurities would be washed from his body. DIdn't that conform with the abilities of Star Force?

Leonel couldn't believe he hadn't made this connection before.

At that moment, he realized another weakness of his Dreamscape. Things he didn't place within his Dreamscape obviously couldn't be used to draw conclusions.

Leonel had never placed his own techniques within his Dreamscape. Everything that could be found within it now were things he had read within the Mage and Knight Academy libraries!

Leonel took a deep breath, quickly circulating the meditation technique. This time, he didn't restrict his Stars, instead allowing them to act as they pleased.

In the past, he hadn't been able to absorb enough Star Force at once to elicit this response. But now that he had, he realized his body was perfectly suited to Merlin's meditation technique.

Others continued to take their trials, but Leonel didn't have time to spare for them.

By the time the feeling faded away, Leonel realized that just one of these rewards was the equivalent of an entire month of meditation for him. If he continued at this pace, in another dozen or so trials, he would have enough assurance to form his Ninth and Tenth Nodes!

Leonel felt that once he formed these final two Nodes, he wouldn't have anything to fear within this Zone any longer. He felt a keen anticipation.

But soon, he buried these thoughts deep within his heart.

Even after the pillar of light stopped, Leonel didn't open his eyes. Rather, he had focused his attention on the skill tree once more. Namely, the skill at the very top.

In truth, there were five.

One pictured an endless snowy plane. The whistling of harsh winds and sharp, fluttering snow made Leonel feel a bite of cold just by looking at it.

The second was a forest painted in red, yellow and brown. It was a lush landscape of Fall that made one gasp in astonishment. However, it carried with it a withering feeling that ate at the heart as though reminding you that death was a step away.

The third was filled with greenery. A sun hung high in the sky, beaming down with endless heat. Leonel felt as though his eyes were being scorched just by glancing at it.

The fourth could only be described like a cool breeze. It was fleeting and calm while carrying an air of rebirth and revitalization.

These four skills were linked and came together as one to form the highest level skill.

This highest level skill could only be described as having a myriad of changes.

Leonel knew exactly what these skills represented. When he first laid eyes on them, he couldn't help but be shocked. To think that these Trials could give him such an opportunity.

However, grasping it would be troublesome. The only method of doing so would be to unlock every skill of the weaponry root.

Still, the moment he laid eyes on it… Leonel knew he had to no matter what.