Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Author's Note: I keep getting caught up in the story and always forget to properly explain this part of DD's magic system, so we'll finally get to it now, lmao]

In the universe, the current state of Leonel's Force Strengthening Deviations can be called by many names. However, the one that resonated the most with Leonel was the Embryonic Stage. These so-called Embryos were represented by the small translucent spear and the 12-sided Star in Leonel's Ethereal Glabella -- each representing Leonel's Spear Embryo and Light Embryo respectively. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Unlike the various fictions Leonel had indulged in back when his life was more normal, the comprehension of Force Strengthening Deviations was incredibly complex. Each path had a myriad of variations making it so that two people at the same level could be of vastly differing strengths.

Ultimately, the path of improving one's Force Strengthening Deviations — or, rather, comprehending and refining them — was known by some wise men as the Comprehension of the Cycles of the Universe.

Force Strengthening Deviations represented the mysteries of the universe. In order to use them to the highest standard, it was thus necessary to comprehend these so-called Universe Cycles. And, how thoroughly one comprehended them dictated just how powerful one's Force Strengthening Deviations would be.

This matter was difficult to comprehend at first, but the highest level skills of Merlin's Trial painted it perfectly.

The simplest Universe Cycle in all of existence were the Four Seasons: Winter, Spring, Summer and Fall. This level of comprehension was known as the Four Seasons Realm. The current Leonel could be considered to be at the Embryonic Stage of the weakest Four Seasons Realm!

That said, calling the Four Seasons Realm weak simply did not do it justice. Even those strong enough to progress through this Universe Cycle and comprehend the next may not do so perfectly. Refining one's Force Embryo to the point of comprehending the profundities of the Four Seasons wasn't a simple task by any stretch of the imagination.

What made mastering this Realm exceptionally difficult was the fact that not all Force Embryos were compatible with this compression.

If you comprehended a Fire Embryo and wanted to master the Winter Variation of the Four Seasons Realm, just how difficult would that be? Just the idea alone didn't seem to make any sense.

As a result, many failed to comprehend the Four Seasons Realm in its entirety and could only be assumed to have gained small insights into it. Only the most exceptional of geniuses could comprehend all four aspects of the Four Seasons Realm and use it as a foundation to proceed to the next Universal Cycle profundity.

Compared to Elemental Force Strengthening Deviation, Weapon Force Embryos had a comparatively easier time. However, the difficulty was still as troublesome as ascending to the skies. One could spend a lifetime comprehending just a portion of the mysteries in this so-called 'weakest' Universal Cycle.

By now, it should be obvious why Leonel was so shocked by these Merlin Trials. If he was to believe what was before him now, it would be possible to comprehend all four aspects and even fuse them into one if he completed this Trial to its entirety.

One had to know that the fusion phase of the Four Seasons Realm was the most difficult. It was already hair raising to attempt just to comprehend each of the Four Seasons individually. But, combining them into one was even more so. However, it was only by completing a perfect fusion that one lay the most perfect foundation for the next stage.

This was the world of Force Strengthening Deviations. Only by comprehending these profound Universal Cycles could one truly become powerful.

This was exactly why Leonel couldn't just break into the next realm with his Spear Embryo. The more spear comprehensions he observed, the more all-encompassing his eventual fusion would be. The better he could capture the myriad of changes the Four Seasons represented… the more potent and powerful his spear would be!

'The next Realm after the Four Seasons Realm is known as the Heavenly Body Realm. It requires comprehending The Meteor, The Moon, The Planet and The Star. But, I can forget about comprehending them perfectly or even fusing them into one if I can't clear the Four Seasons Realm first.'

The Four Seasons Realm was the equivalent of the Third Dimension. However, when mastered, it was the equivalent of peak existences within the Fourth Dimension. Likewise, the Heavenly Body Realm was the equivalent of the Fourth Dimension, when fully mastered it was the equivalent of peak existences within the Fifth Dimension.

Though… these things are easier said than done. And the reason for this is due to the fact there are different kinds of comprehensions within each Realm.

The first kind of comprehension is one who doesn't attempt to grasp the Universe Cycle at all. For example, Leonel could try to forcefully evolve his current Third Dimensional Spear Embryo into one of the Fourth Dimension as long as he gains access to Fourth Dimensional Force.

This sort of comprehension is the weakest and is known by various existences as 'Shell Comprehension' or 'Empty Comprehension'.

The second kind of comprehension is the one displayed here. This is relying on the comprehension of another to grasp the truths of the Four Seasons Realm.

Leonel wasn't certain if he would be allowed to keep Merlin's comprehensions when he left these trial grounds, but if he could, then he would fall into this second kind of comprehension.

This sort of comprehension was in the middle of the first and the third kind. It wouldn't be as powerful as the peak existences of the Fourth Dimension, but it should be able to make Leonel undefeatable within his own realm of strength with a fair amount of ease.

The third kind of comprehension was the most powerful. This kind was the result of one relying on themselves to comprehend the truths of the Four Seasons and fusing them into one. Only in this instant would the true strength of the Four Seasons be perfectly displayed and only then would it truly be possible to leap an entire realm to battle.

After knowing all of this, the reason why Leonel would be so eager to gain these skills was obvious. Even though it wasn't as good as comprehending the third way, it would still be very helpful to him. It would allow him to lay a foundation for his own personal comprehension in the future!

In addition, this was just for the bow. Currently, Leonel's main weapon was the spear. He wasn't so arrogant to believe that he could grasp everything in his hands. He was only one man and he was already struggling with juggling everything he had to learn and master already.

In such a case, wasn't mastering the second kind of comprehension better than not comprehending it at all? In that way, he wouldn't have to worry about his bow skills lagging behind for a long while. In addition, by using his bow as a framework, he would be able to light his path of the spear. It would definitely become many more times easier to bring his Spear Embryo to completion in these circumstances.

But, once again, Leonel forced himself to calm down. The number of skill points he would need numbered in the tens of thousands. In addition, he hadn't even formed a Bow Embryo yet. He was getting too ahead of himself. He had to take this step by step.

Just as Leonel was reaffirming his own resolve, a familiar voice sounded once again.

<First Trial Complete>

<Time Taken: 12:52>

<Trial Grade: Perfect>

<Skill Points Rewarded: 6>

<Special Rewards: 1 Special Store Ticket, 2 Star Points>

Leonel's brows shot up.

His head immediately snapped toward the platform to see who had gotten such an exaggerated result, only to find King Arthur standing over the metallic beast, his back straight and his aura towering.