Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2782 Remember

Leonel spent the next few weeks seemingly wasting his life away, but it was honestly the most fun that he had had in a long while. He didn't think about Flaura, or Goggles, or any number of things that he still had to do.

The world had essentially forgotten about him. There was too much going on.

The Dwarven Race was under a lot of scrutiny, the Cloud Race was facing suppression from all sides, Flaura's whereabouts were unknown, the war of the Owlans and Void Race was only ramping up even further as more and more factions became embroiled in the conflict...

And yet the young man that had triggered it all was lying down with his head in his wife's lap without a care in the world.

From time to time he would laugh about her grumbling and scheming to get her best friends pregnant. In fact, she had created three separate Force Pill formulas in just the last week to help them along.

One was able to improve their chances of getting pregnant to almost 100%.

The second was able to reduce the pain of birth to near negligible levels. In fact, it wasn't even a pain nullifier, it worked by loosening the muscles and flesh during birth and giving the baby a wide canal to just slip and slide down as they pleased.

The third was able to nurture their babies, maximizing their talents in the womb and ensuring that they grew up strong and prepared for the harsh world around them.

Unsurprisingly, Yuri and Savahn ran away with their tails between their legs.

The second pill especially felt like it was plucked right out of a horror movie. Too many embarrassing things could happen if everything just went loose down there. How could they even guarantee that it would all snap back as it should naturally?

Aina tried to assure them that it would. In fact, because there would be no rips or tears, the body would go back to normal with even greater ease. But the poor girl didn't seem to realize that this was just an excuse for her friends to escape her.

Leonel had a great time listening to and observing all this "conflict". Aina was practically in despair, watching her dreams crumble right before her eyes. Wouldn't this have been a cheat to an enormous family, how could this happen?

There was one day where Leonel almost lost his life though. He had the audacity to make the joke that if he had a few extra wives, this would fix everything. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Luckily for him, Aina was still in the Fourth Dimension so he was able to run away. If not, he might have really lost his member that day.

Time ticked by and soon, Leonel's thoughts finally drifted to work somewhat naturally.

Honestly, it wasn't exactly so. It was instead that he happened to run into a familiar couple. Simona and Eduardo.

The duo wasn't having too bad a time. They could go anywhere they wanted in the Segmented Cube despite being "prisoners", so they had partaken in some of the festivities, albeit off to the side.

What was especially funny about this was that Eduardo seemed to be fascinated by football.

Leonel didn't pay much attention to them at first until he recalled something.

The Godlens.

Honestly, it wasn't that Leonel didn't recall the family, it was more so that his plate was so full that they were probably near the bottom in terms of priority.

First there was the Gathering of Kingdoms, then the Gathering of Minds right afterward, and then came the attack of the Spirituals just when he wanted to relax.

Of course, even before that there was the situation with the Dream Pavilion Challenge Sequence, and then he got married right before the Gathering of Kingdoms. When did he have time to even spare the Godlens a thought?

That said, even though they were nearer the bottom of his list of priorities, he did have Anastasia check on them from time to time, and it could only be said that their movements were odd... or rather, they were the exact opposite of odd, which was precisely what made them so weird.

They were just going about their normal lives, according to Anastasia. Training, eating, drinking, banging, there was nothing out of the ordinary.

Leonel was almost certain that it wasn't that everyone was normal, but rather that Anastasia couldn't deduce what was wrong. But once again, he found them to be too low on his priority list to check personally.

The barrier that they had up now was no longer able to stop him after his Crafting breakthrough, anything created by King looked like a joke in his eyes now. But the question was if that was all they had.

The Cult had surprised Leonel. The Four Great Families had surprised him by somehow vanishing from thin air. The Godlens had also already surprised him once before just by virtue of the existence of [Finality], [Universe], and [Domain] as well.

Who knew if they had anything else in store for him this time around.

Leonel took a step out of the Segmented Cube and into the Vast Dream Pavilion.

"Hm?"

Leonel looked to the side to find Eamon. The latter had buried his head in a book and he was furiously reading it.

Leonel never thought that he would use such an adverb to describe reading, but that was exactly what was happening.

The young man's Dream Force was spiraling about wildly and even though he wasn't reading a real book, but rather a crystal that projected on, Leonel could practically hear the page turns. Every time, it was like a slap of wind was echoing through the world.

Leonel hesitated for a moment, but when Goggles' image came to mind, he pushed it down and stepped forward.

Eamon was startled away and looked up with red eyes.

"What's wrong?" Leonel asked.

Eamon smiled bitterly. "... Is it wrong to love someone who loves someone else?"