Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2785 Farce

Patriarch Godlen didn't know what to think or what to say. The family had grown so fast in recent years that he didn't think that Leonel would be a worry. His only personal hope was that he could save his daughter one day, but he also knew that it wasn't yet time to leave.

What he never expected was that there'd be a day when Leoenl actually came to him instead of the other way around.

"Oh? Not fighting anymore?" Leonel blinked innocently.

The rage in the Patriarch's chest almost bubbled over. That toying expression reminded him of what Leonel had done to them the last time they saw him. Not only had he managed to steal their most important techniques, but he had even escaped right from under their noses as though their defenses were worth nothing at all.

They had been led by the nose by a mere Fifth Dimensional...

Patriarch Godlen froze. Why was Leonel still in the Fifth Dimension? No, it felt so much deeper despite the fact he was still in Tier 1... it didn't make any sense.

How could he know that the Leonel he knew was actually in the Third Dimension, not the Fifth? While this was truly the Fifth Dimension for Leonel...

The shock was enough to leave him crippled for a moment.

"Alright, since you don't want to fight, we don't have to. If I'm honest, I'm not really in a fighting sort of mood right now, and you're also not really worth my spear," Leonel spoke candidly. "I'm here for one reason and one reason only.

"Your Godlen family is a convenient jump off point. The human race is a collection of loose sand right now and I, quite frankly, don't have the patience to organize it all. The Cult is finished, the Four Great Families are gone, the Dream Pavilion is under my control.

"So honestly speaking, there's just you left."

Leonel raised his spear and rested it on his shoulder, his tone remaining casual.

That was right. The real reason he wasn't so eager to wipe out the Godlens was because honestly... he didn't really care much about what happened back then anymore. So much had happened since that pressing the Godlens down and forcing them to obey his orders was more than enough payback for him.

Ever since the demon emperor was killed in a single strike by Aina, they had been extremely quiet. They didn't even dare to venture toward the Human half of the Bubble, fearing what might happen again. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

And aside from the Dream Force experts that Leonel was secretly nurturing, not to mention his own brothers and the other members of the Slayer Legion, he wasn't paying much attention to the rest of the Human Bubbles, but the situation wasn't good.

There was still relative anarchy anywhere the population was dense enough. Those that lived in the wilderness were better off, especially since the fusion of the Bubbles had completed, so the sporadic appearances of demon worlds around the Bubble had vanished, leaving them safer overall.

Essentially, cities like the ones the Olliidark's used to manage no longer acted as protections against Demons because those entrances had vanished.

Even so, the worst part of the situation was the areas where humans were the most densely populated. And the issue with that was that those also tended to be where the most talented humans were too, so that only made the problem worse and more violent no matter how you looked at it.

The Godlens were the most useful tool he had to rein the human population in.

Patriarch Godlen slowly took deep breaths. By this point, the entire city had been alerted and several individuals began to rise up into the skies, including Eduardo's father and grandfather.

Leonel could sense how hostile they were, but he also didn't seem to care in the slightest. He let them gather up as though nothing at all could move him.

And then he saw her.

Simona's mother was a woman that was easy to forget. It wasn't because she wasn't beautiful, but because she was too reserved. It was hard to understand what she was thinking or what she was scheming.

Looking at her now though, even though he had planned to look away, Leonel's gaze couldn't help but narrow. There was something off about this woman, something that his improved Dream Force picked up on that he wasn't able to in the past.

'She's a Wise Star Order?'

Leonel's frown deepened. He ignored everyone else and continued staring intently at this woman.

No, she wasn't a Wise Star Order, but she was something similar, almost like Cindra who was a Snow Star Order, but she wasn't that either.

In fact, Leonel didn't feel that she was part of the Northern Star Lineage Factor at all, but part of something else entirely.

'Something else?'

Leonel's gaze flashed as he suddenly recalled something. The Constellation Families.

As a layman, Leonel didn't understand what was special about the Constellation Families. Other than finding it weird that the Morales took so long to form one when much weaker families already had them, he didn't really give it a second thought.

But after seeing much more of the world, if he went back and tried to retrofit those beliefs into this world... they didn't coincide at all.

He had yet to see a single other Race or family with a Constellation... so was it really so normal? Or was it the other way around?

If the Fawkes went to the Incomplete World to survive, then could it be that there were others like them, looking for the same chance at survival?

Was that what he was missing this entire time? Was it a mistake to give them such an opportunity to grow?

Leonel's lip curled. He raised his spear from his shoulder, and pointed it not toward Patriarch Godlen, but his wife.

"If I beat the strongest person here, we can skip this farce, right?"