Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2786 Black.

Amynta's eyes narrowed. Her brother, Mauve, stepped forward.

"Kid, you're only arrogant more and more arrogant by the-"

Leonel's spear swung down, and for a moment the world seemed to be split in two.

Touching upon the Self State didn't just increase the strength of his created spears considerably, but it also brought his spear skill to an entirely different level.

There was already a thin veil between his path of the spear and his Crafting to begin with. Now, they were practically one, having reached an impossible to fathom level for most of those present. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Mauve's eyes widened. It felt like Leonel had already marked him for death, and the skies themselves had accepted. He could practically see the Northern Star looming over Leonel's shoulder.

Death.

That was all that was in store for him if this spear descended, and no one could react to it.

It was then that a light sigh rang out.

BANG!

A violet blade met the wave of silver, gold and red. They clashed in the skies, and most were sent flying in all directions, unable to maintain their footing in the air. The only one who seemed perfectly fine was Eamon who stood behind and to the left of Leonel. It was clear who had the upper hand in that strike, but it was hard to draw any real conclusions. Amynta had reacted later and was clearly reluctant to do so.

At that moment, the Pyius family Matriarch held a beautiful violet blade in her hands. The crafting could only be said to be absolutely exquisite and even Leonel was drawn to it immediately.

It wasn't a sword nor a saber, but it was rather a scythe with a blade that curled almost like a scorpion's tail.

The pole arm was a bit irregular, crafted from what looked like amethysts and diamonds. Without the blade, it would have looked reminiscent of a mage's staff. With the blade, it completed an otherworldly presence.

Leonel's gaze narrowed. This scythe was made by an exceptional craftsman. He had to admit that even he couldn't create such a good weapon, not right now.

But it wasn't just that.

There was a mysterious blade Force hanging in the air, one that was unique to the point this was the first time Leonel had ever sensed it.

He could only call it Scythe Force, but it was tinged with hints of a dense corrosive aura that seemed both with and against it. It was like Amynta had only half fused two different Forces into one.

And that was when it clicked for Leonel.

Right now, Drake was trying to create a Gun Force. It felt like Amynta was doing the same with Scythe Force. But this was still on another level.

Gun Force didn't exist in wider Existence, but Scythe Force seemed to, at least in part. Amynta was forcefully changing it to be more in line with her character.

'This woman is a genius... and exceptionally dangerous.'

Leonel's gaze sharpened and the two of them moved at once.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The others had yet to even recover, but when the shockwaves of Leonel and Amynta's battle reverberated, they realized that this wasn't something that they could get involved in.

Vivak, the Godlen Patriarch, was shocked as well. He knew that his wife was hiding secrets, she had disclosed them to him. But he didn't know the true extent of her power. This was the first time he was truly seeing it.

BANG! BANG! BANG! CLANG!

Leonel's gaze flickered as his pole arm clashed against Amynta's blade. There was actually a nick that threatened to spread and split his spear in two.

His figure flickered once again, space rippling. [Universe] and [Domain] descended, but to his surprise, he found a pair of domains countering his own.

'She comprehended [Universe] and [Domain] as well.'

Leonel was inwardly shocked once again. Weren't the Godlens unable to find anyone who could? Just how much was this woman hiding?

Amynta suddenly spun, her scythe curling through the air and forming tendrils of gorgeous violet blades. When they came together, they formed a lethal rose in the skies.

[Finality].

Leonel's heart skipped a beat.

'Shit.'

The rose suddenly exploded, a whirlwind-like storm of poisonous blades shooting toward Leonel.

They exploded with power, the scythes of Force expanding to double their size in an instant.

Leonel shook his head and sighed.

'Fine.'

She could use [Universe]. She could use [Domain]. She could even use [Finality].

But did she have as many Life State Forces as he did?

BANG!

The scythe blades shattered as a golden Spear Force erupted from Leonel's blade tip and his Dream Sovereignty robes descended. An aura of Destruction trembled and in that instant, Amynta found herself suppressed from all sides.

Leonel took a step forward and the space beneath his feet rippled as though he had just stepped onto a still lake. His aura continued to rise as the Stars within him roared to life.

Plumes of smoke came from the soles of his feet and the corners of his eyes, a fiendish grin spreading across his face.

Suddenly, his spear thrust out.

For a moment, his blade seemed to be the center of the world. Beautiful, untouchable. It was a stroke that left those that saw it both in awe and in fear.

Amynta felt her body tighten. She was truly restrained in every aspect. No matter what she did, she couldn't move a single inch.

Leonel had spoken, and he wanted her dead.

And that alone was enough for the universe.

The spear tip appeared before her throat and that was when she roared out.

Her robes burst and a tight, sleeveless bodysuit appeared. Her back was exposed to the world and the tattoo of a vicious black and violet scorpion was revealed.

Her wildly fluttering hair tied itself up into a tight and long ponytail that descended down her back. Its tip glistened with a silvery blade and it looked like she could use it to attack whenever she so pleased. And the fact its length had become over two meters confirmed that point.

However, Leonel hardly paid attention to any of this.

He was looking at the sky that had turned almost entirely black.