Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2788 Two New

Leonel stood high in the skies, his Auspicious Air emanating stronger and stronger waves as a white and black ball circulated around him. In that moment, it looked as though the skies had become painted in bronze, almost erasing the darkness brought by the Constellation that was high up above them all. Leonel's expression was calm.

Quite frankly, what he had just done was entirely on a whim, but the flexibility that came with the Mage Core in his Ethereal Glabella in combination with his ability to create Natural Force Arts could only be said to be on an entirely different level.

He had tapped into the Earth Force of his Mage Core and synced it with the formation of a Natural Force Art that played on his own body. At this moment, his body was a perfect fusion of the Dark and Light halves of the Northern Star Lineage Factor, and as such, it could be said to only exist because it was likewise in perfect balance.

When he condensed so much earth and baptized it beneath this unique Force Art, it was like he was molding it into an entirely separate existence.

The push and pull of yin and yang could almost be used like a perpetual motion machine, explosively increasing his own strength and lowering the strength of his enemy at the same time.

"Interesting..."

Quite frankly, Leonel didn't think too much about it. He had only taken some inspiration from the way Cindra used Light Force and began to think about these matters more from the perspective of someone from Earth.

The result was outside his expectations.

He ignored the beaten and ragged Amynta, raising a palm and allowing the two orbs to hover over his hand. They orbited around one another. He could feel a strong pulling attraction coming from the black orb, and from the white, he felt a strong repelling force.

Right now, they were restrained, but if he nudged them with his Earth Force a bit...

"The power is mine to wield."

BOOM! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The ground beneath Ryu's feet suddenly exploded, a pit that reached into a depth of over a hundred meters forming and the building that had once been there was flattened to nothingness.

Leonel's gaze flickered. All he had done was activate the white orb a bit and direct the repelling force downward, and yet this was what happened.

If he had used the black orb instead, did that mean that the building would have rushed at him instead?

"That's fascinating."

The ground quivered with newfound strength under his command.

"This is the power I possess."

This was most definitely the product of the Natural Force Arts. Leonel found that it couldn't just change the range to which he could control Force external to him, but it could even change its character somewhat.

By every metric, this was just normal Earth Force from the normal ground. It would be ranked at the bottom of all Earth Forces. And yet, here it was exuding a might far beyond its own.

Leonel's Morales Lineage Factor only allowed him to wield relatively normal Earth Forces, but he had practically just created two new Earth Forces right now that could probably rank favorably amongst the top 20 at the very worst. In fact, they had much more potential than that.

"But it also only worked so well because of the template I used, that being my own body. I probably couldn't just randomly come up with ideas and change Forces to my whims. Not without thoroughly understanding them first, that is."

Under the balance of push and pull, a strong force field formed around Leonel. At this point, it was unlikely that anyone here could even penetrate these defenses.

"Shall we put an end to this?"

At that moment, Amynta finally managed to struggle to her feet, only for the black ball to pulse.

She was ripped up by a mysterious force, her body shooting through the air and suddenly stopping before Leonel.

The orbs rotating around Leonel began to rotate around her instead and she was completely trapped. Even a twitch of her fingers was nigh impossible in such a state.

Vivak's eyes went bloodshot, but there was such a strong force field around them that he couldn't even close the distance.

"Enough! Release her!"

"Alright, that's about enough, right?" Leonel smiled as though he hadn't just come out of a heated battle.

Well, it was heated in the eyes of everyone else, but to him it was mostly just a good sparring session. He didn't use his Divine Armor because he simply didn't need to at all.

Amynta was strong, sure... but she was only strong in comparison to a Human.

In her defense, her strength actually wasn't very far from the Emberheart and Moonstone Lords... if it was taken into account that she was still in the Eighth Dimension, that is.

If she broke into the Ninth Dimension, she may be able to give them a good battle. But in practice, she was still inferior to them, and Leonel for that matter.

However, this wasn't to say that she was helpless.

From what Leonel could tell, Amynta had sacrificed a lot to achieve this. She had spent a long time in the Incomplete Worlds and had likely ruined her greatest potential.

As for the reason why... Leonel could already see it.

The Constellation Family Bloodlines.

During their battle, he had been using his Internal Sight to thoroughly check the city and he quickly found out why it was that everything seemed normal.

That was because the largest changes weren't external, they were internal.

He could sense that many had gained the Bloodlines of the 12 Constellation Families, and they were slowly growing used to their new power.

Amynta was never meant to be their figurehead. She had given up this right so that she could plant seeds.

In the future, so long as the children Leonel was observing grew up...

"They will be formidable."

They would become far more powerful than even Amynta.

However, Leonel was also smart enough to understand exactly how all of this happened.

"Now... Can you tell me how many lives you sacrificed to make this possible?"