Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2791 Hammer

Gemmes was immediately caught off guard by Leonel's interruption. He was asking for who the current Pavilion Head was, how dare Leonel treat him like this?

There wasn't a single fiber of his being that believed that all of this was done by Leonel. In fact, he was more inclined to believe that Clarence's mad plan had succeeded and he managed to enter the Life State.

He had seen Leonel in the Gathering of Minds, but the scope of these people's understanding was far too limited. They feared the other Races, but they didn't know to what extent they should fear them. To them, Leonel was just facing off against other members of the younger generation, wouldn't they be able to defeat them just the same?

And because they had escaped from the Dream Pavilion, they hadn't been able to watch the Challenge Sequence, so they had no idea what happened in this respect.

They had spent their entire lives protected by a formation, how could they know the extent to which that formation had protected them? How could they know that even the younger generation of the Mortal Races could slaughter them, let alone the younger generation of Demi-Gods or above.

When Gemmes saw Leonel, he still acted with the demeanor of an elder, and because he knew Leonel had lost the Life Tablet, he was even more confident.

What chance did Leonel stand against him without it? He was still a member of the Dream Pavilion, a Deputy at that. He could certainly mobilize much more of its strength than Leonel could. It could be said that this was a guaranteed victory in his eyes.

Thinking to this point, he pressed down his fury and maintained his elder-like demeanor.

"I will give you one more chance. Where-"

BANG!

Leonel slapped out with a palm and rather than being sent flying, a wave of Dream Force took shape and slammed Gemmes into the ground.

The old wizard-looking man coughed up a mouthful of blood, feeling as though all the bones in his body had been shattered at a single given time.

The other Deputies and lesser members froze. What had they just seen? Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Leonel took a step forward and appeared before Gemmes. He squatted down and picked up the old man by his hair, forcing him to look into his eyes.

"Do you really think that you have the right to speak here?" Leonel asked in a calm tone.

The fear in Gemmes' eyes was practically palpable. For a moment it looked like he was about to piss himself... until that was exactly what happened.

Leonel shook his head. He found it hard to believe that someone so old could still exhibit such pathetic control over themselves.

But when he thought about it, things were always like that. Age was never the best gauge of someone's maturity, and it was often the oldest individuals who became the most immature, especially when they received pushback from someone they deemed to be less experienced and less worthy than themselves.

"You left the Dream Pavilion when it needed you most, and now you're coming back... for what exactly? Are you even necessary?"

BANG!

Gemmes' head exploded into a rain of blood.

A violet glowing bloomed in Leonel's eyes and his soul was forced into a ball before it could dissipate.

These people were useless to him, but Leonel had some thoughts recently.

[Assimilate] was what he had used to help Tolliver gain the talent of an Infinity Beast. Of course, he had to rely on the energy from an entire Vital Star, but he had succeeded nonetheless.

But what if he did the same on a smaller scale?

These old bastards were useless to him. They were people who would turncoat at a flip of a hat.

It would have been one thing if they had other things to rely on, but not only were they cowardly, they were also fools.

What did they think was going to happen after they escaped from here? They didn't even try to leave the Human Bubble because they feared the Inbetween Worlds. After all, not everyone could practically ignore Anarchic Force of a certain level like Leonel could.

So their plan was essentially to hide away in Bubble and hope they weren't found? For the rest of their days?

They were not only incredibly selfish, but they were so controlled by their own fear that they couldn't even make rational decisions...

This was a reason Leonel didn't plan on letting them live, but there was another reason as well...

And that was because he suddenly had a very big distaste for betrayals. He had always known that betrayal was bad, but not in his eyes it wasn't just bad...

It was the worst sort of sin, and these people deserved to pay dearly for it.

Their bodies exploded one after another and Leonel never bothered to blink even a single time. He didn't give a damn.

They fell to their knees, pleading, hoping, praying, and it still changed nothing.

In just a brief instant of time that must have felt like an eternity to them as their lives played out before their eyes, Leonel killed them all, grabbing hold of their souls and controlling each and every one.

With a wave of his hand, the blood disappeared as though it had never been there and Leonel entered the Segmented Cube once again.

Quiet fell on the Dream Pavilion.

...

Leonel walked through the Segmented Cube's world, his steps light as he entered the region of his Fifth cousin's territory.

CLANG! CLANG! CLINK!

Leonel soon laid eyes on Ramon laboring over a flame. He wasn't using his Metal Spirit to Craft, but was instead forging like an olden days' blacksmith, something that Leonel didn't expect to see.

He lived in a simple cabin, but he had turned its entire surroundings in a forge. The heat was so great that it seemed that the forest would be burnt to ash.

Standing over an anvil, he hammered away.