Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2794 Matters

His Dream Force would dictate his state of mind, it would be the intelligence that guided his actions and it would protect him from overextending himself and making foolish decisions.

However, when his Dream Force had decided that it was time to battle, that there was no other option but to cut down his enemy, another part of his would make itself known.

A Sovereignty amongst Sovereignties.

An air of otherworldly confidence to have a spear that could pierce through anything, a bow that could shoot down anything.

The golden bracelets around Leonel's wrists grew to the point they looked like halos hovering around his arms. At the same time, they began to gain small freckles of violet as though they had been tainted by Leonel's King's Might.

The world shook and vibrated wildly as Leonel Spear and Bow Force skyrocketed, taking one step forward after another until the both of them were firmly at the Quasi Creation State.

And with the auras of their Sovereignty...

BANG! CRACK!

The world fissured and shattered around Leonel. His will was so strong that even the appearance of his Bow and Spear Force seemed to want to collapse everything.

Anastasia suddenly appeared above Leonel, her face in a panic. But when she saw that it was Leonel, she relaxed somewhat.

She wasn't sure what to do. If this continued, it would be pretty back. But at the same time, Leonel was in a bit of a daze and he didn't seem to realize what he was doing.

Just as she was about to make a decision, Aina appeared in a flash of black lightning as well. She had sensed something odd going on as well. She even thought that Leonel was in danger.

When she saw the halo-like bracelets around his wrists, her gaze couldn't help but flicker. What powerful Weapon Forces... but they were also mixed in with something else.

It was like they had suffered the brunt of Leonel's frustration and were forced to endure it even though they were on the verge of completely collapsing.

Aina had never seen those symbols before, but how could she not have seen Leonel's Spear and Bow Domain Rings before?

Both were shaped exactly like that, an incomplete ring with a miniature weapon hovering between its unfinished loop. It couldn't be a coincidence that this phenomena was identical to that. In a lot of ways, it reminded Aina of her Manifestation, but she didn't quite understand why.

Aina stepped forward, weathering the storm as a droplet of blood trickled down the corner of her lip to place a hand on Leonel's shoulder. Then, the two vanished.

Anastasia patted her chest with her little hand, still not understanding.

Her world was so sturdy. Although Leonel was excellent, even a Ninth Dimensional Demi-God shouldn't be able to cause this scene. It didn't make any sense.

...

The moment Leonel and Aina appeared out in the real world, there was a violent upswell. The skies seemed to connect with the earth and the entirety of the Human Bubble began to tremble wildly.

Suddenly, the halo-like bracelets around Leonel's wrists solidified and it looked as though one could reach out and touch them as though they had been formed of the most shimmering brass. It was then that the flecks of violet also solidified, giving them a violet-gold look.

It suddenly became obvious why Leonel had caused such a commotion inside of the Segmented Cube. Whatever was happening now, there was a need for Leonel to resonate with something in the outside world. It wasn't Leonel's strength causing this, but rather whatever he was communicating with.

...

Deep in an unknown corner of Existence, an ancient ground trembled.

At the center of it, an enormous sword of stone was pierced into the ground. It was impossible to tell the size of such a weapon, even a scale of hundreds of kilometers wasn't adequate.

From afar, it looked fine, but at that moment, a leaf fluttered over from an unknown location. The moment it reached a certain change, golden blade lights manifested and shredded it to pieces. In an instant, the leaf was cut apart so many times that by the time the blade lights vanished, there was nothing left but a floating mass of atoms, completely invisible to the naked eye.

On the opposite side of this towering sword there was a rod pierced into the ground. It was just as tall, just as mighty... but any spear master worth their salt could tell that it was a spear at first glance.

The ground around it was perfectly smooth and when a rush of wind kicked up a pebble into its vicinity, a replaying of what occurred in the sword's domain was recreated.

This piece of land silently floated through the outer reaches of Existence.

...

Leonel roared, a wild sphere of Bow and Spear Force forming around him. They seemed to clash, his body becoming a battlefield.

"Pipe down!" He roared.

The bracelets on his wrists cracked, only to be quickly filled by more violet. His will forcefully suppressed them, pulling them into submission as his aura continued to soar. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Flaura coughed up a mouthful of blood, wiping it with a sleeve. A dangerous light flashed in her gaze as she stepped over a corpse, vanishing into the distance.

Every time she dealt with a situation like this, a great amount of rage would billow up. Just to survive, she was being forced to progress much faster than she wanted, scaling the Dimensions without solidifying her foundation like she wanted.

This was the worst sort of sin to her. This would almost certainly limit her future potential, but if she was dead, there would be no future in the first place.

'It should be here,' she thought to herself.

At that moment, an Invalid appeared before Flaura, but she showed not the slightest hint of fear.

"I have information you might be interested in."

The Invalid stared blankly, not responding. But Flaura expected this. Even Variant Invalids were all fools, let alone an Invalid.

"Take it and give it to someone who matters."

She handed something over and then vanished.