Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2795 Vague

Leonel didn't know what was going on. It was in one part because he didn't understand, and another part because it was difficult to think at all.

"He rarely found his mind being overloaded by anything, but at the moment it felt like that was truly what was happening. There were too many sensations, so many sparks going off in his mind that he couldn't do anything but stand there. He didn't have the mental capacity left to even control his body, let alone pay attention to any sensory information coming in from his surroundings."

"He didn't hear Anastasia's voice or his wife's. He found it difficult to pay attention to anything but the Big Bang echoing through his mind."

"He felt like his body was being stretched through both the past, the present and the future, as though he was forming a will that surpassed it all."VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"He didn't know how long it lasted, but all he could think of as he came down from that high was how disappointed he was. He felt like he had opened a gate to unprecedented power, and yet instead of being able to take advantage of it, it was locked away in his body because his Dimension was far too weak."

"It was a good thing. If the true extent of this power remained while he lacked the ability to withstand its might, his body would implode."

"However, he still didn't like it. It was hard seeing power you had rightfully earned slip away from you."

"Leonel's eyes slowly came into focus. He went from a person who was all of paralyzed, blind and deaf to someone whose senses nearly overloaded him in the next instant."

"The world felt so bright, so clear... so malleable."

"He vaguely saw the bracelets around his arm and wrists before they slowly faded away, and his first thought was much like Aina's. They looked identical to the Spear and Bow Domain rings."

"They were partially complete rings, almost as though someone had cut a small piece of them. In that missing portion, there was the hovering piece of a weapon. It was a gorgeous piece of craftsmanship that only seemed stronger in this form."

"Even though they were slowly fading, Leonel found that even as they did so, lifting his arms was actually so difficult, almost as though succeeding in doing so would allow him the ability to destroy the world."

"If he could barely lift his arms in this state, then what about when they were fully formed before? How had he even managed to stay on his two legs?"

"'What happened...?'"

"The last thing he remembered was solidifying his Weapon Force Paths, or specifically, his Sovereignty, but..."

"The moment Leonel thought about his Weapon Forces, the skies rumbled again and the fading bracelet shuddered, reversing the process of fading and slowly becoming more corporeal."

"Leonel's focus and mind, along with his Forces, seemed to be quickly draining away all at once. In just a few seconds, he was completely depleted and the bracelets winked out of existence."

"He collapsed, his vision turning black. He vaguely caught sight of Aina catching him before his head hit the ground."

"Leonel groggily opened his eyes. A mind-splitting migraine threatened to crack his skull in two as he struggled to sit up."

"But before he could, Aina pressed a palm to his chest, holding him down."

"'What the hell happened?' Leonel muttered."

"'I should be asking you that,' Aina said with a hint of exasperation."

"Leonel chuckled. 'You're the Five Star Health Professional, how about you diagnose me?'"

"Aina rolled her eyes and gave Leonel a flick on the forehead that felt like a bomb going off in his head."

"He groaned. '... Domestic... abuse...'"

"Aina shook her head."

"'I don't know. All I know is that those bracelets looked like your weapon rings and also felt a little bit like my Manifestation at the same time... but my Manifestation relies on my Lineage Factor at least in part. This doesn't seem to be the same all.'"

"Leonel frowned. It seemed that he would have to have another talk with the Godlen family."

"But if Aina was correct about the rest of it, didn't that mean that it was a Dharma of some kind?"

"They said that when one entered the Creation State, there was nothing beyond. However, there were levels of refinement within."

"A normal Creation State was already excellent. But, a Creation State that formed a Dharma was on another level. A Creation State that formed an Idol was even beyond that."

"Leonel didn't know many details outside of this as he had only vaguely heard it in passing thanks to Anastasia. But he was certain that there were also other matters to consider as well. He just didn't know what those matters were just yet."

"All Leonel knew was that he had really gotten screwed over this time."

"He didn't actually believe that the main strain on his body was the fact he had apparently awakened a Dharma or whatever it was. The main issue was that he had awakened two."

"His Bow and Spear Force didn't seem to want to coexist anymore, and they were trying to force him to pick one or the other."

"This had never happened before and he wasn't sure why... The only explanation he had was that it had to do with his path."

"He had chosen a path of absolute Supremacy... so how could there be two absolute Supremacies in the same body? Wasn't that a contradiction you couldn't ignore?"

"However, Leonel had still managed to force them into submission."

"He didn't care what they thought. The Supremacy in his body wasn't the Forces, it was himself. They were just conduits through which he could exhibit his might, not his might itself."

"That seemed to have forced his Weapon Forces into a more quiet state. But this seemed to only be a temporary solution."

"As for why that was... Leonel had only a vague guess about this as well."