Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2796 Idol

"If Leonel was correct, then the reason this was only a temporary solution was that his control wasn't there yet. The ability he had awakened was so powerful that it wasn't yet his place to truly control them. It could be said that he was only strong enough to give it a temporary patch.

However, the main problem should just be using both of them at the same time. That wasn't something that he did too rarely, but it also wasn't something that his entire battle style relied on. So long as he avoided it, he shouldn't end up in the same situation again.

Regardless, this should mostly be a good thing. Whatever breakthrough he had had just now, even if it caused problems in the future, would only help him.

Eventually, Leonel had enough strength to get up and Aina finally allowed him to do so as well. Then, he made his way to the Godlens. He had some questions.

Vivak and Amynta didn't expect Leonel to suddenly visit so soon after the last time. A part of them was still worried that everything would come crumbling down once again, but they were thinking too much.

When Leonel asked his question, they were taken aback and looked toward one another.

Where did the symbol for the Domain Ring come from?

Now that they thought about it, Leonel was indeed from an Incomplete World. There were many things that powerhouses of even their worlds didn't know about, let alone someone like Leonel.

"... I don't have the full story either," Vivak said. "I can only say that in the past, beasts ruled everything. They were more powerful in all aspects and far more adept at Force Manipulation.

"While humanoids understood Force Manipulation to some extent, beasts were born with innate understandings and instincts that humans couldn't replicate on a large scale.

"If you took 100 people from a human family and 100 beasts from a single clan, the curve for a human's Force Manipulation would be a normal distribution, but for a beast clan, it would be highly skewed.

"Of course, when the entire beast population was taken into account, that was still a normal distribution. But when you were talking about individual bloodlines and bloodline types, this was where it changed.

"This was where the ruling Class of beasts came from and it was also where the God Beasts were born.

"It could be said that the humanoids were at a huge disadvantage during this period. There was little they could do to combat this...

"Until the first humanoid learned how to create Weapon Forces."

Leonel's brows rose. He realized at that moment that he had guessed a lot of this. He had even realized already that it was possible to construct Weapon Forces from far simpler Forces, creating specific doctrines.

Weapon Forces were a unique category amongst Forces and they were very uniquely human.

Little Blackstar, for example, couldn't use Weapon Forces, and neither could any of the beasts that Leonel had come across in his life.

Well, it was hard to say if they couldn't, or if their talent was just a double-edged sword.

Beasts were born with an innate understanding of one or more Forces. It could be said that any Forces outside of these one or few were impossible for them to learn. Little Blackstar wouldn't be running around wielding Light Force anytime soon and almost certainly never. Since Weapon Forces were created, there was no way for Beasts to use them as a result.

In that case, if you took this to the logical conclusion there was one obvious question...

Who created the first Weapon Forces?

And that seemed to be what Vivak was answering.

"It could be said that though the change wasn't immediate, the creation of Weapon Forces gave humanoids a chance to tip the scales in their favor. This is because although Weapon Force, in part, relies on affinity, there's also a huge component of personal freedom and personality to it as well.

"Weapon Forces allowed humanoids the flexibility of anchoring at least one of their Forces to their personal tastes, and this was a huge game-changer.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"If one had to give just one reason the humanoids were able to supplant the God Beasts, it was because of this.

"Make no mistake about it. Even after the God Beasts of Creation and the God Beasts of Destruction fell, humanoids were still absolutely no match for the other God Beasts until this change allowed them."

Leonel's eyes narrowed. This was interesting for a very specific reason...

The Pluto didn't seem like the type of Race to use Weapon Forces at all. Their bodies were so powerful, their blood so precious, that it seemed a waste for them to rely on weapons at all...

But then again, wouldn't Fist Force and other things of the like fall firmly into this category as well?

He didn't have the whole picture just yet, of course. So it was hard to tell how true his statement was.

'Interesting...'

"That's a nice story, but you still haven't told me where the symbol comes from," Leonel replied.

Vivak nodded. "After the creation of Weapon Forces, there eventually came to be those who reached the Impetus State, then the Life State, then the Creation State... and eventually: they formed Idols.

"I only know this from reading our records, but Idols are meant to be unique existences. Even if two people form an Idol from the same Force, the path cannot be the same.

"The main problem is that with Weapon Forces in specific... there's some clashing that can occur because of this.

"Weapon Forces are both innately unique and innately universal at the same time. So when an Idol is challenged, it holds a completely different weight.

"At any given time, there can only be one Idol of a Weapon at a time... and every few generations there will be a battle to decide the outcome."