Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2798 Now?

Leonel's spear moved like the wind. Suddenly, billowing tendrils of foggy silver-blue light came off of him in waves. From certain angles, it even seemed as though he was a blue star letting off waves of solar flares, his furious momentum rising to another level.

[Star Fusion].

He became even faster, his lungs expanding and the beats of his heart sending rippling waves through space. Just his heartbeat alone sounded like a war drum, echoing through the air and even sending the weaker Invalids flying while directly shattering the even weaker once to nothing but motes of light.

Every time one of these Invalids came after his wife, he was reminded of that day back on Earth. By that point in their relationship, Leonel had already accepted that the Aina he knew and Aina he had come to know after the Metamorphosis weren't really his wife. Instead, they were a combination of the two.

His wife could be very shy sometimes, but she could also be very demanding. She could be very soft spoken, but she could also be a mass murderer.

However, the one thing that she never was... was fearful.

That was an emotion he had never sensed from her until the Puppet Master appeared. That day, she was paralyzed, not just by his power, but also by an attack on her heart and her psyche.

He understood his wife maybe even better than he understood himself, no... he almost certainly did. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Family was something deeply personal to her.

Battle was something also deeply personal to her.

And yet, the Puppet Master had wanted to take away both.

He had the ability to freeze her body, ripping away her ability to defend herself, and all the training that she had put her heart and soul into had become worthless in a single instant of time.

She wanted a family. She had been stripped of that right by the Brazinger family, so she had always promised herself that when things settled down and she could find a man that she trusted, she hoped to build a large family with him, five, ten, even twenty kids if it came to it...

And yet, the Puppet Master had wanted to commandeer even that, stripping her of her right to build her family in her image, and trying to turn her into some sort of breeding farm for the Invalids.

Regardless of which it was, it hit Aina hard, and even to this day, when she met Invalids, Leonel could sense hints of that past echoing through her heart.

It wasn't just for selfish reasons that he hated the fact he had sent Aina off to send that letter back when they were trapped in the cult, it was also because he knew that she would have to likely face the one creature she didn't want to face the most...

A Variant Invalid.

All of those memories and thoughts came bubbling up once again the moment Leonel saw this hoard. He was so furious that he didn't think of anything other than slaughter.

After he killed one, he wanted to kill another, then another.

He didn't know fatigue, his mind didn't even have a metric for stamina at the moment.

He wanted them all dead.

Even their commanders weren't spared. The Variant Invalids that were all directing them couldn't last even a single strike beneath his blade.

The plumes of Destruction were so potent, so violent, that at a certain point the entire region around Leonel became nothing more than a death zone.

His Absolute Domain's presence seemed to fuse into his Destruction World, manifesting at once and shattering the very existence of Invalids that were far too weak that stepped into his range.

By some unknown point, Leonel had slaughtered his way all the way through the army and had even made it to the crack in the Human Bubble.

Waves upon waves of Invalids were still making their way in, only to be stopped by a destructive spear that knew no limit.

His spear tip vanished, dancing through the wind.

He tapped into his Spear Domain Lineage Factor, or rather its mutated form, for the first time in a long while. And this time, they erupted with strength that was unprecedented in the past.

Time and space distorted beneath his blade. Even without the slightest hint of Spear Force fused into his attack, his skill had reached an entirely different level, so much so that Auspicious Air began to form and gather on its own, resonating with his spear stances and blessing his attack.

A foggy air of dense, ancient bronze began to dance with the dense billowing blue and the smokey black coming from his Destruction Sovereignty.

He was simply a lethal killing machine, no thing could stop him as he stepped out into the Inbetween World, his fury agitating even the liquid Anarchic Force in the region.

Leonel unleashed a roar and his hair danced in its violet hues.

[Star Fusion: Combustion].

The beautiful blues became a furious red. His body emitted waves of steam as he swept his spear cross.

Time and space couldn't limit him in the slightest, it seemed that enemies fell even before his blade swept by them and even more fell long after it had already passed.

The devastation knew no bounds. Somehow, rather than calming after entering the Inbetween World, it was as though another hidden beast within him had been released.

If it wasn't for the fact that Invalids left no skin and bone behind when they died, it could be said that they would have already been swimming in an ocean of blood.

None of them understood the kind of a fury a husband could tap into when protecting his wife. Not a single one of them understood that they hadn't just touched on Leonel's reverse scale, but instead on the very core of his existence.

When he was merely an ant of the Dimensional Verse, he had dropped a city from the sky in rage.

What did they think he was going to do now?