Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel shot up from his platform without the slightest hesitation. Though he hadn't expected such a thing to happen, he realized that there had to be a reason why others still dared to have thoughts of targeting him. The only explanation was that a round exactly like this one existed.

The smaller grey platforms shot toward the large. In one swift motion, not only did the metallic beast disappear, but they were all dropped toward it.

The large platform expanded. Soon, it was about 200 meters in width and length, but this sort of situation left Leonel frowning. There were over 200 people who had entered these trials. This sort of platform might seem large but…

'200 meters… 40 000 square meters… that leaves 200 square meters to a person.'

Ultimately, when the math was broken down, everyone got a 14 by 14 meter region to themselves. How was this considered to be much space at all?

For Leonel, who had taken the path of a bowman, he would be placed at a striking disadvantage.

Leonel's gaze suddenly flickered.

'What is that?'

Realizing the danger he was in as he fell toward the large platform, Leonel immediately chose the smartest path available to him and began to pay attention to those that could threaten him. Of course, all those that fell into such a category were those who managed to gain Perfect evaluations.

However, in doing that, Leonel found something that stunned him. Each and every one of them had two orbs of light hovering above their heads, whereas no other person had such an orb of light.

'Those… Those have to be the Star Points they earned. Could it be that they can be stolen during an elimination round?'

Leonel's eyes widened. That had to be so. Why else would they only appear now?

If he noticed such a thing, how could others not notice as well?

'In that case…'

Leonel's feet hadn't even landed onto the large grey platform yet when he had drawn his bow.

A hint of Force wrapped around his bow, causing it to glow with just the slightest sheen. However, in the next moment, the seemingly normal light began to crackle with faint hints of yellow lightning suffused with the green glow of wind.

Leonel hadn't been able to use the ability of his glove treasure until now because his Force was restricted. But after unlocking 'Reinforced Arrow', everything would be different.

Leonel also realized something else. While he was at a disadvantage in being in such a closed space, he also had a huge advantage as well… Among those soon to land on this platform… none were safe from him!

'Reinforced Arrow!'

SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

The sharp sound of wind and crackling lightning took hold of everyone's senses. Everyone had been entirely focused on where they would land on the platform and the enemied they'd have in their immediate surrounding, how could they expect that not only would someone attack while still in the air, but that they'd also attack someone over a 100 meters from them?!

One of the two demons with inborn strength was completely caught off guard by Leonel's actions. How could he have ever expected to be targeted at this time?

In his shock, he acted on reflex, trying to deflect Leonel's arrow, but to his horror, he realized that the rules of the Merlin Trials were still restricting his movements. He hadn't spent any skill points on the physical root, and even if he had, the maneuvers one could buy that applied to this situation were too far up for him to even afford.

Feelings of disgruntlement and unwillingness welled up in the demons heart. Who among those who were here weren't heroes of their generation? Each of them stood at the top of their respective Kingdoms. To die like this…? And even while being unable to use his true strength…? He was unresigned!

PUU!

A bloody hole shot through the Demon Lord's skull.

Before anyone could react, the two orbs of light above his head flickered and disappeared, reappearing above Leonel.

With a harsh bang, Leonel landed on the platform. It was unfortunate, but he only had time to aim and fire a single arrow. However, the benefits he had gained were unimaginable. He hadn't thought he'd get the chance to earn Star Points so quickly. Now, all he needed was five skill points and he'd be able to allow Blackstar the ability to move.

Just when Leonel was feeling that he had benefited, he suddenly felt his heart go cold. Even after all this time, the primitive man's instincts still ran through his veins, making him feel as though he was in imminent danger.

Leonel looked up to find not a small number of eyes on him. Whether it was the demons or the humans, the vast majority had turned their attention toward him.

It was only then Leonel realized that he might very well have acted too rashly.

If he realized the advantages and disadvantages he had, how could others not as well? Leonel might have benefited in catching everyone off guard, but now he was pegged as the most dangerous whether or not this was the objective reality.

Everyone realized that if they turned their back to Leonel now and fought their own battles, who was to say that they wouldn't be the next to suffer beneath one of his sneak attacks.

This wasn't all, either. They all realized that Leonel now had two star points floating above his head. Not only would killing him now benefit them into the future, but whoever did so would gain two star points. The benefit of such a thing was inconceivable. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Leonel slowly took a step back, but realized he couldn't take another. This wasn't because he was at the edge of the platform. In truth, at this moment, he would rather prefer if he was.

Unfortunately, though he couldn't be said to be in the middle of the large square platform, he was still about 40 to 50 meters from its bottom edge and over a hundred meters from his closest side edge.

Suddenly, he was faced with enemies from all sides…