Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2806 You?

Leonel grabbed out at the air, pulling the Nomads soul into his grasp. After a quick look around, he vanished.

He was really tempted to ask Anastasia to blanket the world and find any good resources for him, but in the end, he stifled it.

Although he had just killed their Dream Pavilion Head, there were other Dream Force experts here. Anastasia couldn't even hide from human Ninth Dimensional experts, let alone this level of expert.

If he started leaving a hallmark of a strong sense sweeping over a world right after a Dream Pavilion Head died, then it would end up eventually coming back to bite him.

He thought about maybe using it to pretend to be some great, untouchable expert. But in the end, he shelved that idea as well.

Minerva likely knew enough about the Segmented Cube to draw the distinction, and unlike the rest of the world, she likely knew by now that the Segmented Cube was certainly in his possession once more.

'Next target.'

News of Dream Pavilion Heads falling spread quickly. It wasn't something that could be hidden, and by the time Leonel had killed half a dozen, his seventh target was already on high alert.

Unfortunately, he had to keep going. This wasn't nearly enough. He would need to kill three dozen at the very least before he was satisfied.

So he switched his targets from the Nomads to the Cloud Race.

There were simply too many Dream Pavilions, 9999 in total, and each one of them needed at least one Life State Dream Force expert or else they would end up in the same state the Vast Dream Pavilion had been in the past where they would have to give up ownership.

This gave Leonel a large population to pick from, and with Somnus' information, he was able to find the location of their Bubbles with ease.

Just when everyone felt that only Dream Pavilion Heads were dying, Leonel switched his style again and targeted more powerful Dream Pavilions with more than one Life State expert on their roster.

He moved through the Bubbles with a precise ease, and no one seemed capable of catching his shadow.

Even when there were ambushes set up, it didn't matter in the slightest.

With the setup of the Dream Pavilions, everyone knew immediately when a Pavilion Head fell. Dream Force experts were rarely schemed against. Although their overall combat prowess was weak, everyone knew that their intelligence and auxiliary abilities were top flight.

None of them could be underestimated.

But it didn't matter to this assassin.

And soon, the situation came back to bite Flaura once again.

There was only one person on the run who had the power to cause this sort of travesty and still leave unscathed.

The worst part was that although Leonel had targeted members of the Cloud Race that Flaura was supposedly using, the ratio of Cloud Race members to those of other Races was so substantial that it looked more like she was just trying to cover her tracks.

By the time Leonel vanished into the wind, not to appear again for a long while, it could be said that the number of Flaura's pursuers had truly skyrocketed as she gained the ire of the entire Mortal Race World as well.

Not all members of the Mortal Race were weak, they had their Gods as well, and there were some on the verge and close to reaching that level.

And unlike the Gods that couldn't descend, they very much could.

It was like Flaura had picked up a rock to throw it at Leonel, only to end up shattering her own foot.

Leonel returned to the Human Bubble not much over three months later, his "pockets" filled to the bring with Life State Dream Force souls.

Then, he got to work, carefully fusing the Forgetful Orbs and the souls together, creating a new treasure.

All this time, he had been thinking about one fatal weakness of this method, and that was the matter of Paths.

If one wasn't a Sovereign, a Path didn't matter. All you had to do was follow the Force and it would tell you everything you needed to know.

But if you weren't a Sovereign, forming a Dharma and an Idol in the future was impossible.

Without knowing what his grandfather was doing, Leonel couldn't casually risk the futures of all the Dream Force experts of the Human Race just for the sake of short-term gains.

This was why he needed to get Life State souls. By using the powerful comprehension and then "dumbing" it down to the Impetus State, he could get the benefits of both worlds.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

That way, if there were any capable of comprehending a Sovereignty in the future, they wouldn't find themselves strapped by their foundation.

Essentially, he was using more than he needed to in exchange for a lesser result, so that he could help these fellows out in the future.

Rather than ruining their futures, he was actually giving them a sudden boost right at the start.

'This has promise,' Leonel thought to himself.

The location was unknown even to most currently present.

A man with a belly that reflected like polished brass beneath the light sat on a throne. His skin was as golden as the metal and the tattoos that covered his body were a crimson contrast. He looked like what a Buddha and gangster might look like if they fused into one, but his aura was much less amusing than his description...

Especially the opaque white orbs that were his eyes.

He looked down as he listened to the report. The world trembled around him even though he said not a single word.

"My disciple is dead?"

He put almost no force into his words, and yet it sounded like an avalanche, his bellow akin to meteors falling from the skies.

He didn't seem to have much of a reaction to these words. Instead, he looked to the side.

"You were the one who said that Apex must seal himself, correct?"

An elder by the side suddenly trembled.