Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2810 Refine God Realm

Leonel clenched the orb of information in his hands. For it to be worth as much as 20% of their available funds, a fourth of the price to protect six fused Bubbles, one could imagine how valuable this information was.

It didn't guarantee success, but after scanning through his options, Leonel felt that there was no better path for him to take.

[Refine a World with God Realm Potential using your Natural Force Art]

This was what his father asked of him to reach the Sixth Dimension, and it was a tall task. The more he understood about the world, the more difficult he found that this task was.

Not only did he need to find a world capable of becoming a God World, but he also had to elevate his Natural Force Art to the point of being able to resonate with the entire world and then consume it.

What he had done during the Challenge Sequence, specifically in clearing the Force Art Tower, was a mirror of what his father was asking for. The trouble was that it was on a much smaller scale.

The trials in the Force Art Tower were specifically tailored so that they could be deciphered in this way. The world itself was formed of Force Arts, they weren't real to begin with. However, the world that Leonel would have to find wouldn't be fake. It would be real in every sense of the word.

That meant that he wouldn't just have to analyze Force Arts, he would be forced to analyze the world itself and interact with Forces that he had no concept or affinity with.

It was a fundamentally different ask and a task so impossibly difficult that it was hard to imagine how it could possibly be only the Sixth Dimensional requirement.

He was worried to even check what the Seventh Dimension asked of him, but much like with every other time, his father refused to allow him to even see it until he had completed the previous tasks.

This information that Leonel had gotten was related to this task. However, it wasn't one might expect at all...

It was information related to an Incomplete World.

This didn't make any sense on its face. An Incomplete World was, quite literally, the furthest thing from a God World. Even the Human Bubbles were better than it.

However, Leonel had remembered hearing something quite important when he first met El'Rion...

To the Gods, Incomplete Worlds were a form of currency.

Why was that? Why did the mighty Gods take interest in the least common denominator of Existence? What use could they have for them?

At first, he thought that it was similar to what the humans used it for: experimentation.

But that didn't make sense.

Leonel had learned that Incomplete Worlds couldn't sustain the birth of even Demi-Gods, let alone Gods. Their laws couldn't withstand it and their Regulators wouldn't allow it.

Even El'Rion had been suppressed when he entered the Dimensional Verse.

So that got Leonel thinking.

If they couldn't use it for experimentation, then what for? If they couldn't observe their own Race, then what would be the point in observing lesser Races? There was nothing that would be remotely useful to them.

After a long while of getting nowhere, Leonel took a different approach. He systematically went through the history detailed in the Life Tablet, slowly building an understanding for himself until it clicked. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The purpose of the Gods in using Incomplete Worlds wasn't for experimentation. Rather, Incomplete Worlds provided a blank canvas for growth.

An Incomplete World was exactly that: Incomplete. It was a world that missed maybe one step or several steps away from becoming a Complete World.

With special methods, it was possible to mend this world and harness it into a form that would become more than useful. In fact, such a mended Incomplete World would become the most valuable commodity in the world.

A blank slate with laws that were not inferior to the highest order worlds.

So the question was, then, why go so far? Why not just take over the weaker worlds? Why go through so much trouble?

This was the next thought that Leonel had, but this ended up clicking into place as well. The point was the blank canvas.

While mending such a world, its laws could be tweaked to meet the exact specifications of the God in question.

Imagine for a moment a world perfectly conducive to [Dimensional Cleanse], one that could practically replace all the layers of the technique for Leonel. If such a world was in his possession, did it mean that it could progress for him? Maybe it would create a new Race of beings perfectly in tune with the method, and over millions to billions of years of evolution, he could even see uses for the technique he could never imagine himself.

This was just one aspect, though, the blank canvas aspect.

But there was another, and that was "potential".

His father's dictionary had said very clearly that he didn't need a God Realm. He needed one with the potential of one.

What did this mean?

A Complete World was set in its potential. Improving it was highly difficult, and that was why even Gods of a lower Race had to transcend and enter the God Realms instead of just creating a new God Realm for themselves.

An Incomplete World was like a child in the womb, malleable and full of potential, not yet set in its ways.

In this situation, even an Incomplete World with poor potential could still be adjusted somewhat, bringing it to a new level.

It just depended on how much you were willing to invest.

What Leonel had just bought were the coordinates to an unclaimed Inbetween World? Its potential was rated as the absolute lowest. Meaning, even if it had succeeded in becoming a Complete World, it would have been no more than a Mortal Realm.

But this was all Leonel could afford.

If he wanted to use it to enter the Sixth Dimension, he had a lot of work ahead of him... and just three years to do it.