Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2811 Pick Your Poison

Now, everything was set. It was time for him to go.

Of course, he would be bringing his wife along. He couldn't bear to separate with her. But that wasn't the case for everyone else.

Leonel brought them all in for a meeting and smiled.

"Everyone, I'll be leaving for the next three years. It might be longer, but I will do my best to ensure that this doesn't happen because we don't have such breathing room.

"According to my calculations, the barrier should last at least that long. In that time, I hope that the Human Bubbles will gain some cohesiveness to it.

"If there's a need for you to go outside the barrier, you're all adults and I won't stop you. If that's the way you choose to train and progress, I will respect your decision.

"At the very least, in the next three years, there won't be any issues with resources or things of the like."

Leonel bid everyone farewell and then set off with Aina. The rest would be up to them.

This was the only path for him to get stronger. If he didn't take it, everything would be for naught.

Unless he gained the strength to fight with Gods soon, nothing would change.

**

Aina exhaled a breath after hearing Leonel's plans. The two walked hand in hand through a desert plane, their destination a Nomad Race teleportation platform that would bring them closer to their destination. As for the way afterward, that would have to rely on Anastasia. The trouble was that since traveling through the void had no Force for Anastasia to pull on, they would have to fund it themselves.

"What happened to the other Incomplete Worlds, though? Weren't they under the control of the humans? We could just take one of them."

Leonel nodded. "I considered that as well, but there are a few problems with that.

"First, after they 'harvested' everyone, they basically imprinted those worlds already, ruining them. They basically fused those worlds and their Complete Worlds to complete the harvest, and that changed them from Incomplete Worlds to something stuck in between.

"Second, I went to speak to Vivak about it just to see what the situation was and if it was salvageable, but Vivak said they lost contact with them a long time ago. He believed they were lost to the void once again after I caused the six Bubbles to fuse back when we escaped the Cult."

The Bubbles fusing together changed all their coordinates. That meant they had no idea where the Incomplete Worlds were now. Who knew what happened to them?

Even the Gods couldn't reliably find things in the void, let alone the humans.

"The third issue is mostly speculations, but I'm pretty sure their disappearance has something to do with my grandfather. I would bet a pretty sum on it."

Aina nodded. She knew that Leonel always had a good reason for things, but making him explain things to her had become a guilty pleasure of hers, especially since she knew he couldn't be bothered to explain things to anyone else.

It made her feel special and a little bit willful.

Leonel smiled, sensing her good mood.

This time, he wasn't wearing what he had worn to assassinate the Nomad in the snow. Instead, he was wearing a tannish-grey outfit. He wrapped a scarf all the way around his face, neck, and head, leaving two exposed strands that billowed in the scorching heat.

A puffy pair of pants pressed against his skin beneath the harsh winds. They scrunched up around his calves and were tied down by a cloth belt around his hips.

The look was complete with a poncho that hung loosely from his shoulders.

Honestly, he liked this uniform a bit less than his previous white assassin's wear. He only rated it at a six.

Soon, the couple had made it to the teleportation platform and used it.

It was only after this that Leonel became serious.

Although he had bought this information, that didn't mean he was the only one to do so. In fact, he could see the number of people who had before him, and he had no guarantee that no one would buy it after him.

There were two people in total.

This wasn't the only issue he would face, either. Leonel had the body of a Demi-God now, he was no longer technically a Mortal. Even if he was only in the Fifth Dimension, just because of this, he would face suppression from the Incomplete World's Regulator.

It wasn't to the point of killing him like it had his father, but it wouldn't be pretty either. Every moment he spent in this world would likely be agonizing.

He wished that this was all he had to worry about, but unfortunately, his mind was sharper than that.

He had spent a ridiculous amount of money on information that others couldn't easily access. So, the question was obvious.

Who else would dare to do this?

Wasn't the answer obvious?

If he was lucky, it was a Demi-God. If he was unlucky, it was a God. A real God.

The trouble was that even if it was a Demi-God, Demi-Gods weren't even remotely on the same level as Gods. Weaker Demi-Gods couldn't afford to spend any amount of money on these endeavors. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

That meant that if it was a Demi-God that had taken action, they were almost certainly in the Ninth Dimension. In fact, Leonel would go as far as to say that it was a guarantee.

If it was a member of the younger generation, then it would almost certainly be a God.

Of course, those of the Ninth Dimension couldn't step into an Incomplete World to begin with, so if it was a Demi-God they would be sending in weaker individuals to monitor the situation.

But if it was a God, they would almost certainly be entering themselves.

It was a pick your poison sort of situation.

One way or another, his life would almost certainly be on the line. There was no escaping it.