Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2813 Simple and Not

Leonel took a breath and looked at Aina to check her condition. All things considered, she was doing far better than he was. She was only in the Fourth Dimension right now and that was a huge plus. The Regulator didn't lash out much at all, other than being a little pale, she was doing fine.

He, however... well, it was hard to find a single location on his body that wasn't injured, and that was just on the surface. The chains of the Regulator had no sense of space or distance, they could appear whenever they needed.

The wounds that could be seen with the naked eye were only the most obvious. The lacerations on his inner organs were where it got particularly bad. He had been skewered like Swiss cheese and there was hardly a part of his body, whether inner or outer, that was safe.

The worst part was that the chains had not vanished. They were still flickering into and out of existence.

'I need to deal with this.'

Aina was checking Leonel at the same time she checked her, and unlike Leonel, she didn't sigh in relief. If anything, her mood got worse. Leonel looked absolutely horrible. It was as though he might collapse any moment now.

"I'll be fine," Leonel said with a smile.

"You don't look like you're going to be fine. We don't have to do this, we can find another way. If I break through again, I can start focusing on Force Pill Crafting again. Maybe I can concoct a pill that can replace what you need."

Leonel smiled. In the world, Aina was probably only one of a select few who dared to say something like that. What kind of pill could replace the refinement of an entire world?

"Have you noticed?" Leonel asked.

"Noticed what?"

"You're in the Fourth Dimension, so it seems the Regulator didn't target you much, but it isn't as though I'm some sort of powerhouse. I'm only in the Fifth Dimension. So why is the gap between what the two of us experienced so large?"

Aina blinked in confusion before her eyes widened.

"Yeah," Leonel nodded. "I'm pretty sure there's a method of weakening the assault or obscuring the eyes of the Regulator. Remember, the Four Great Families managed to enter somehow.

"Yet, everything in history seemed to say that Ninth Dimensional Experts couldn't enter at all."

There were two examples of Ninth Dimensional existences succeeding in entering Incomplete Worlds.

The first he had seen was Shan'Rae's Ancestor, a monstrous existence who just directly suppressed the Regulator. Though, to be fair, he was only capable of doing this for a short time. The reason he left so quickly was definitely because he couldn't do this indefinitely.

The second was obviously the Four Great Families.

What was interesting was that the methods of the Four Great Families were somehow far more sophisticated than the Void Race member.

You could say that this was because the Four Great Families had preparation while the Void Race Ancestor had shown up on a whim after feeling that his descendant was in danger...

But was that the full picture? Was it even part of it?

There was something truly mysterious about the Four Great Families, and Leonel happened to have an infallible memory.

He might not have understood the inner workings of the Force Arts back then, but he had a clearer picture of them now. On top of that, his father had left him a hint.

He was meant to use a Natural Force Art to refine this world. This was obviously something he could only do after ensuring this world had reached the standard of God Realm potential, but it was a clue, nonetheless.

Wasn't a Natural Force Art all about resonating with the nature and matching its attunement? Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

In that case...

A subtle bronze aura began to radiate from Leonel. When it appeared and Force Arts began to flicker in his eyes, the chains began to lag, spending more time in an incorporeal state than they did a corporeal one.

Leonel exhaled a breath of relief as some of the pain ebbed away.

His body mended itself to some extent, and the weight on his shoulders lessened considerably.

"Alright, I'm good to go."

Aina looked at him with a skeptical glance, but it was clear that she had relaxed a small bit, too. Even so, the worry didn't fade completely.

"Are you sure? You seem..."

"Weak?" Leonel chuckled. "You're right. My body right now is probably closer to the first time I became a Fifth Dimensional expert than the second time. But my body is one thing, my comprehension and Force Manipulation are another.

"That said, this is only because I have a worse than superficial understanding of this world. This is just a stopgap measure so that these chains stop ripping me apart.

"The more I understand about this world, the weaker the suppression will get, and the closer to my previous strength I'll approach.

"Still, it shouldn't be too much of a problem to defend ourselves."

The strongest existences in this place should be just Eighth Dimensional. There were surely geniuses that could match those of Complete Worlds, but they should be few and far between.

Aina exhaled. "Alright, what do you want to do?"

"There are a few thoughts I have about how to get this world to God Realm potential, but we'll have to get a lay of the land first."

This was what Aina was most worried about. How was it even possible to allow such a weak world to reach such capabilities? She didn't even know where to start.

Then there was the fact that even if they succeeded, who was to say the fruit of their labor wouldn't be plucked by someone else?

Leonel grinned. "It's either simple or difficult. It depends on how you want to look at it."

Aina looked at him skeptically once again.

"What's with that look? Don't you know your husband's a genius?"

Leonel's grin widened.

"If we want to raise the standard of this world, we just have to fix all of its faults. When you look at it like that, isn't it obvious?

"What do Incomplete Worlds have that Complete Worlds do not?"

Aina's brows shot up. "Sub-Dimensional Zones."

Leonel beamed. "Simple, really. We just have to clear them all... including the ones that mutated and swallowed up entire worlds.

"Then we'll take it from there."