Chapter 2816 The Hard Part

Leonel raised an eyebrow at this information and soon got the information he wanted.

It seemed that there had once been a Human Domain in this Dimensional Verse, or rather the Sea God Verse as they called it, but it had been invaded and, unlike in Leonel's world, they hadn't managed to withstand the blow.

Unsurprisingly, many of the great powers had retreated to their territories in hopes of protecting their foundations instead of going all out to meet the enemy together. This happened in Leonel's world as well. The difference was that this Sea God Verse didn't have a Leonel Morales or his father to pick up the slack. So, the stupidity of the humans ended with their powers being wiped out systematically, one after another, until now there was just one bastion of the Human Race left.

In truth, Leonel and Aina's appearance wasn't all that surprising because many humans had fled their Domain.

Ultimately, if they had to make the choice between the Rapax, Sea Gods and Oryx, the Oryx were the best choice. The Sea Gods were too cruel, and the Rapax had a culture that was difficult for humans to grow used to. The latter couldn't necessarily be considered "cruel", but the end result of their actions wasn't too far off.

The Sea Gods enslaved humans and treated them little differently than cattle, but the Rapax had a military and battle culture that placed a great deal of pressure on their own citizens, let alone humans.

In the end, the Oryx were the best choice, but the Oryx Domain also wouldn't allow a large number of refugees to suddenly swarm their lands and start taking up their resources, either. That was why the leader had become hostile the moment he saw Leonel and Aina.

Their worlds were obviously the ones most targeted by humans. The weak humans wouldn't dare to casually step into the Eighth Dimensional Fold of Reality of the Oryx, so they obviously spread themselves across the weaker ones to try to get a foothold. The Oryx armies couldn't possibly deal with them all.

In the end, this was the result.

'Interesting... and kind of bad news at the same time.'

Leonel mulled it over, realizing that this situation wasn't the best for him.

If a new Race like the Sea Gods had managed to rise up in this Dimensional Verse, it could only mean that this Verse was very conducive to their growth.

Well... the problem with that was in the Race's name.

If they were a Race of Water Force experts, Leonel was truly screwed. This was because that would mean that comprehending this Verse's laws so that its Regulator would stop hounding him mean that he needed to comprehend the one Force he had basically abandoned.

"How unlucky..." he muttered to himself.

He wasn't too worried about their Water Force restraining his Scarlet Star Force. Everything in this world was relative. Even if these people could use the Void Star Force he had abandoned, the strongest Water Force there was, would their Force Manipulation match up to his own?

The main issue was that refining this world with his Natural Force Art required understanding of every aspect of it, including the aspects that allowed a Sea God Race of all things to thrive.

There was no escaping Water Force, it seemed.

'Well, let's take it one step at a time. First, I have to see if it's actually possible to help heal this world to a state where it has God Realm potential. Only then should I think about how to refine it and make it my own.'

'I also have to be cautious with my next steps because the two buyers before me will certainly have their fingerprints all over this.

'If they were going to try to take over this Domain, their main target would definitely be the Sea God Race. Since I'm late, I have to take a different approach.'

Leonel's thoughts landed on the so-called final bastion of human freedom.

It seemed that he was going right back to his roots: protecting the Human Race.

He let out a sigh. It seemed he couldn't escape it.

Sometimes he felt that his childhood naivety about wanting to become a King who protected always came back to bite him. The universe had taken him a bit too seriously. Where was the leeway for being young and immature?

"You three come with me."

Leonel forced them into the Segmented Cube. He couldn't leave behind any traces, so he had to wipe their memories first.

The Emperor's Might Tablet had a method of doing this, but Leonel had never used it before, so it was a bit difficult to manage. The best he could do was rely on Anastasia to stabilize some things for him and suppress these three so that he could work.

Soon, he sent the three Oryx back and changed his sights toward what remained of the Human Bubble.

It would have been easy to find the direction with Anastasia, he could just ask her to scan the whole Verse. The trouble was that it would certainly be sensed by the wrong people now that there were members of the Complete Worlds around.

He could only use the brute force method and get himself some maps.

Leonel ended up spending the next few days planet hopping, stacking maps like ladders, always relying on lower-quality maps to find his way to stronger planets where he could get himself higher quality ones.

Soon, he had made his way to this world's Ancient Battlefield.

'This is where the hard part starts.'

Beyond this location was the Human Domain, but only in part. Much of it had been swallowed up, so there were definitely far more Sea Gods than there were Humans over there. He had to find a way to find the location of this last bastion of human life discretely. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

'Shit,' Leonel cursed.

Sneaking into this Ancient Battlefield was too difficult. It had the most security of all locations across worlds.

It seemed he had been found.

Or, more accurately, he had been tracked from the beginning.