Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2817 Careful

Leonel had already sensed the presence of these people. It was just that there wasn't much he could do. He wasn't Little Blackstar, unfortunately, and he also didn't dare to take the little guy out so casually in this world, either.

Blackstar and Kira had been spending all their time near the Void Beast corpse. It could be said that of Leonel's subordinates

, if Elorin cost the most money, these two had the greatest improvement. A close second to that would probably be Emna, who spent much of her time refining her blade again and again.

The trouble with that was that they had reached a Demi-God standard even before Leonel had. Their path of growth was clear, and the Void Beast corpse had more than they could study in a lifetime.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The only Race that even had Void Beast corpses on hand were the Gods, and unless you had standing equal to Shan'Rae or better, it was a pipe dream to hope that you could spend your time studying one.

On top of that, Blackstar was at the Seventh Dimension. The backlash he would face would probably be even harsher than Leonel's own.

There was some leeway to this, but it was mostly just speculation on Leonel's part.

The Regulator worked using Anarchic Force, the very Force that Little Blackstar was quickly growing more and more proficient in. So there was a chance that Blackstar could withstand the backlash even better than Leonel, even if it was worse for him.

But Leonel had long treated Blackstar like a little brother and a cherished pet. If he didn't have to make him suffer at all, that was for the best.

As for his wife, she would probably kill him if he said anything remotely similar to her, so he could only let her bear the brunt after accessing the risks.

This was all to say that there was simply no avoiding all of this... especially since their actions were so curious in the first place.

They had noticed Leonel already, their Ancient Battlefield protected by an organization not too different from the Void Palace that Leonel was used to.

But they didn't attack him immediately. It was as though they were waiting and biding their time for something. It wasn't until it looked like Leonel would escape into the distance that they took action.

And that intrigued him.

What were they biding their time for?

At that moment, a surge of power came over from the distance.

'A few Quasi Seventh Dimensional, and one Tier 1 Seventh Dimensional existence.'

Leonel nodded. This was almost the perfect mirror of the Dimensional Verse. This was around the strength of the truly elite disciples of the Void Palace, as well.

There were six of them, and with the dense fog of the region, almost another thing much like the Void Palace, they had closed off the areas of retreat quickly.

They had been nearby the entire time, and though Leonel felt that he could have escaped, he was more interested in why they had acted the way they had.

Understanding this was important for how he would proceed. Plus, they also might know the exact location of the last bastion of the Human Race as well.

The Oryx all stood tall, the Seventh Dimensional one loomed at over three meters while the others were at least two and a half meters tall.

Rather than the usual brown fur that coated their lower bodies, three of them had striking red fur, two had jet black fur, and the last had fur Leonel had only seen from Elthor... a beautiful white.

Well, in reality, Elthor's lower body was entirely human, unlike this Oryx. He only showed that fur when he entered his full beast mod. But this still reminded Leonel of that, nonetheless.

"You are surrounded. Drop your weapons and come with us," the white-furred Oryx spoke coldly.

Leonel gave Aina a look, and she just shrugged. He couldn't help but chuckle at that.

"My wife is becoming such a passenger princess."

"What can I say? I've gotten used to being pampered." Aina blinked innocently.

The Oryx didn't understand what they were saying because neither used Dream Force to project their intentions. Not wanting to take the risk, the white-furred Oryx signaled for an attack.

The three red-furred Oryx shot forward simultaneously. Each one wielded a halberd just as crimson as their fur, but what was interesting were the runes that rotated around their tips, making them look particularly sharp and striking.

Leonel protected Aina to his back and readied his spear. His gaze flashed with a dangerous light as he took a step forward.

Compared to the first Oryx he had fought in this world, these six were on another level. Not only were they part of a Void Palace-equivalent place, making them absolute geniuses, but their Dimensions were also far higher.

Also, from what Leonel could see, there was a special aura radiating from their third eyes that made him think.

In the Dimensional Verse, to become a member of the Void Palace, you had to follow the God Path. Could it be that these Oryx were following a similar path? One tailored for their third eye?

He had to be careful of that.

Leonel thrust out his spear thrice in quick succession, meeting the exact tips of their halberds for a brief instant every time.

The deviations in their weapons were precise and delicate. Leonel seemed to barely move them off course a centimeter or two, but by the time their momentum carried them over to Leonel's body, their halberds slipped by him as though they had missed on purpose.

One crashed into the ground between his legs, and the last two crisscrossed over his shoulders, missing his throat by a hair's breadth.

Leonel didn't even flinch at the near-death experience, his leg lifting and kicking downward at the halberd that had been pierced into the ground.

The strength caught the Oryx off guard, causing him to lose control of his weapon.