Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2818 Interesting

The red-furred Oryx saw his life flash before his eyes. The moment he lost control of his halberd, he understood that he had lost all rights to protect himself.

If he tried to hold on to it, he would basically be presenting his neck to Leonel. If he let go of it, he would have nothing to use to protect himself.

No matter how he looked at it, he was truly finished. The other Oryx were shocked by the result, but the three red-furred Oryx had all surrounded Leonel from the front, and both sides. There was no easy path for them to interfere with what was happening.

The two red-furred Oryx that had missed over Leonel's shoulders could only pull their halberd's back with as much speed as they could muster, trying to hook their blades around Leonel's neck and cut his head off from the back. Although they were meant to capture him alive. It was better for this human dead than their companion.

Unfortunately for them, Leonel was entirely unmoved. He pulled a hand away from the shaft of his spear and struck a palm upward, colliding with the exact location the two halberds crisscrossed. They were both sent upward at the same time, the blades leaving a sharp wind up the back of Leonel's skull, but missing entirely nonetheless.

At the same time, the hand that remained on his spear wasn't slow in the slightest. It pierced right through the final red-furred Oryx's chest, leaving him clutching at his heart and falling back.

Right then, the two red-furred Oryx found their halberds intertwining in the air. The hook of their blades latched onto one another, and because they had been pulling so hard, they ended up fighting against one another. Their strength was too even, and not expecting the sudden reverberating force, they're not only lost control of their weapons in the air, but they both stumbled forward.

Leonel pulled his spear out of the heart of the fallen Oryx, bracing it against his hip and sweeping it out in a wide arc. From a third party's perspective, it looked as though the final two red-furred Oryx had stumbled into his blade all on their own, disemboweling themselves. Three Oryx fell to the ground in quick succession.

From start to end, Leonel hardly moved his feet. The only time he did was to stomp down in the middle Oryx's halberd. Other than that, he was perfectly still, as though nothing could faze him at all. Perfectly at peace, perfectly unbothered.

The eyes of the final three Oryx opened wide. They hadn't expected this sort of result at all. In their eyes, it was fine if Leonel won, but he had done so with great ease and such grace that they couldn't fathom the real limits of his strength.

Was it possible for someone to have such a grasp of timing, to have such untouchable skill?

Just who was this human? Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Leonel didn't find it all very surprising at all. In fact, he quite missed this style of combat. In the distance past, this was how he fought all the time, using his Control Ability Index to calculate and time every movement.

He was finding that in this new world; he was relying on the strength of his Forces more and more. While it was true that Aina's style of combat worked for her, and she had reasons to favor it over his style... But was that him?

In a lot of ways, not being able to use his Spear and Bow Force so freely anymore was actually a positive for him. It returned him to his roots. The difference was that the Leonel in the past relied purely on calculation and lacked in skill and understanding of his spear. The Leonel of today, however, awed everyone with every stroke of his spear.

In the past, he had tried to fuse these two paths into one, but when he never truly understood the latter, how could he ever?

Now, his skill in the spear stood near the pinnacle of Existence. He might not be in the Creation State, nor did he had a Dharma or Idol just yet, but he still had the confidence to put up his blade against anyone.

Leonel's grip shifted, and he pointed out his spear toward the final three Oryx.

"Come."

The three Oryx let out a furious roar.

Leonel stomped a foot, sending the three dying red-furred Oryx flying out of his way. One of the halberds was kicked up and Leonel lashed out with a leg, his foot colliding with its butt and sending it flying forward at tremendous speeds. The halberd seemed to blink through space, appearing before the white-furred Oryx in the blink of an eye.

The black-furred Oryx didn't expect their leader to suddenly be delayed, but that didn't slow their own attacks. Both of them raised up a pair of heavy sabers.

Leonel was finding that sabers were rarer than he thought. The only person he knew who used one was Noah, and though Emna somewhat used a saber as well, there was a subtle difference between Blade Force and Saber Force.

However, these two Oryx were quite proficient. The both of them seemed to have reached the Third Layered State and had Seventh Dimensional Saber Force. This was quite a surprise. That meant that if they had kept their Saber Force at the Sixth Dimension, it would have been in the Fourth Layer, just a step away from the Impetus State, which was the minimum requirement to enter the Ninth Dimension.

The fact they were in the Third Layer and had a Saber Force that was beyond their Quasi Seventh Dimensional Realm meant that they weren't suppressing themselves. They were exceptional geniuses.

Even Leonel's own Spear Force was still in the Seventh Dimension. Though, he was obviously far ahead of them in Force Manipulation nonetheless, being at the Quasi Creation State. Still, for an Incomplete World, this was excellent...

'Interesting...'