Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2819 A Woman Called...

Leonel couldn't deal with these two as casually as the first, and the white-furred Oryx was already prepared to parry away his first assault.

'Hm...'

Leonel grabbed out with his Earth Force and suddenly slightly changed the direction of the halberd flying toward the white-furred Oryx. The man was taken aback, realizing his fist was about the miss the mark.

At the same time, Leonel took another step forward.

The two black-furred Oryx were relying on absolute strength to overwhelm them, a fury fuelled by their hatred of him for what he had done to their companion.

It was harder to deal with such a thing without exhibiting some more of his strength.

He had some leeway because it was doubtful than anyone would be coming to support these six in short order. If Leonel was correct, this outpost was theirs to manage, and they probably wouldn't have thought it necessary to send a message back.

In that case, he could take a less forceful and speedy approach to the situation.

His spear danced, using three or four attacks to counter just one Oryx. Light Force wrapped around him and several clones began to appear around him. In that moment, mirrors of gold filled the Ancient Battlefield and Leonel seemed to enter and vanish from one, instantly appearing in another without any time passing by at all.

This was the technique he had been playing around with after his spar with Cindra. In this world, it was probably better to use less of his true calling cards.

The world knew him best for his Dream Sovereignty. After that, his Destruction, Spear and Bow Sovereignty were close seconds.

This didn't mean that Leonel wouldn't use them if he absolutely had to, but there was no point in doing so against opponents this weak.

It wasn't yet time to go all out, and he certainly wouldn't expose himself as Leonel Morales just yet if he could help it.

Luckily... he had plenty of abilities.

The white-furred Oryx let out a roar as a tendon in its arm was cut. It had managed to save itself from a fatal injury, but now one of its arms hung limply by its side, unable to move.

At the same time, the two black-furred Oryx were being swiftly overwhelmed. Leonel used his speed to stifle them, attacking them from all sides until their bodies were littered with wounds.

Leonel had started off skillfully crushing them, and now he suddenly erupted with strength that was beyond their understanding.

The white-furred Oryx rushed forward to support his men, only for a golden mirror to appear to his back.

Leonel stepped out of it with a calm gaze, severing the white-furred Oryx's spine in a single thrust.

A mournful howl came from his lips and he fell to the ground, his body convulsing but his legs not listening to his commands.

Leonel vanished again, his spear becoming akin to a golden whirlwind.

In the middle of the Ancient Battlefield, it looked as though the leaves of a golden tree were falling down in a trickle. It was an absolutely gorgeous sight. Light Force was capable of pulling on the heart strings even when it was being shattered.

Soon, Leonel stood in the middle of the battled, exhaling a calm breath as he slowly lowered his blade.

All six Oryx lay dying or close to it, but none had breathed their last just yet. It could be said that they were truly strong of vitality. In that way, they were a lot more similar to beasts than they were to humanoids.

Leonel walked forward and bent down by the paralyzed, white-furred Oryx. He helped the Oryx flip over and then looked into his eyes.

"Now, do you plan on tell me why you followed me for so long and didn't attack?"

This time, the Oryx could understand Leonel loud and clear.

A look of defiance was clearly reflected in the white-furred Oryx's eyes, but Leonel had already expected this. He had only been in this Oryx Domain for a short time, but he had seen their overall culture.

They were warriors, much like the Rapax. Although their methods were much less cruel, they all took honor very seriously.

So Leonel hooked a thumb over his shoulder, pointing toward the dying Oryx.

"Tell you what. You tell me why, and I'll save you and your companions. They don't really have much time left, you know. It's probably best if you hurry up. If they die first, I can't really help you anymore, now can I?"

Struggle appeared in the depths of the white-furred Oryx's eyes, but soon it became resolve. If he did this to save his companions, then he would be tarnishing their honor. At that point, they would rather die anyway, so what would be the point?

Leonel chuckled. He could have expected this as well.

"Seems I don't have a choice."

Leonel reached down and killed the white-furred Oryx. He would have preferred to not do this, but there was no other choice.

[Arise].

Soon, Leonel had a group of 24-hour minions, and he came to understand the situation.

It seemed that the humans weren't just resting on their hands. They were actively trying to find ways to survive rather than sitting on their hands.

It turned out this final human empire was known as the Fleeting Cloud Empire. They were an odd mutation of offspring between humans and the last remnants of the Cloud Race that had been wiped out from this world many generations ago.

As such, they had a few abilities in the Cloud Race as well, though not as perfect. They were using those abilities to infiltrate and wreak havoc, trying to find a path out for themselves.

Ultimately, they had assumed that Leonel was one of these people, and they wanted to see what his intentions were.

None of this was what was most interesting to Leonel, though... what truly caught his attention was when his Oryx summons mentioned a leader of the Sea Gods in passing. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A woman they called Wise Sea Order.