Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel sudden change caught them all of guard. Even with their experience, they had never witnessed such a thing. However, Leonel didn't need them to react. Since they were standing in a daze, he would take the initiative. He had no intention of standing here and waiting to die.

Leonel immediately activated 'Stacked Shot', firing two arrows in quick succession.

Before the arrows even landed, Leonel realized three things.

'The sharp aura of my Metal Synergy Lineage Factor gives my arrows added sharpness and strength. With my Lineage Factor activated, the restrictive effect of the laws in this place have been lessened by at least half. I can bend the limitations of my skills for at least the next five minutes.' Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

In that instant, Leonel understood that along with abilities, this space couldn't restrict his Lineage Factor either. The only trouble was that it seemed his stamina was drained faster than it was usually as his bloodline fought back against the restrictions. But, that was fine. Leonel felt that five minutes… five minutes was enough.

No one had expected Leonel to be the first to react. However, the demons and humans that stood around him were all veterans of the battlefield. In addition, now that Leonel had lost the advantage of being in the air, they obviously had far more possible rebuttals to actions.

Even still, of the two demons Leonel targeted, one who had chosen twin daggers as their weapon of choice didn't manage to block Leonel's strike, suffering a bloody hole to the throat. However, the second who had a broad sword as their weapon managed to use it as a shield in the last moment.

At that moment, the humans hesitated. Was it really appropriate of them to attack a fellow human while it was so clear Leonel had been targeting demons?

This sort of hesitancy was exactly what Leonel wanted. If it was up to him, he would have attacked another demon with a small weapon. He could obviously tell that it would be much more difficult to block. However, he hadn't done so for several reasons.

First, his failure lessened the threat he presented to everyone. Second, it was a question of those around him.

There were a total of 4 humans and 6 demons within 20 meters of Leonel. At the same time, Leonel was aware that he wasn't in position to battle so many individuals at once. His best bet was to spark a battle. In the chaos, killing nine more, or rather, eight more would be far easier.

In that case… he just needed a spark.

The demon wielding a broad sword was forced back by the strength of Leonel's arrow. It didn't even have the mind to realize that its back was completely exposed as it stumbled toward a group of humans who had their nerves on edge.

Leonel didn't wait to see if his strategy would work. He had already learned once today that not everything would work out how you imagine it to. If it did, he wouldn't be in his current situation.

With a flip of his palm, several fish scales appeared. He activated them one after another, layering his body with three Force Skins in one breath.

Unfortunately, Leonel was correct. Instead of taking the opportunity to strike at the stumbling demon, the humans backed away.

In a lot of ways, Leonel could understand their choice. No one wanted to be the one who truly turned this into a battle royale. At the same time, the demons weren't their comrades, so they had no obligation to step in and get revenge. Wasn't it better for them to sit back and wait for a better opportunity to present itself?

Still Leonel didn't seem to be fazed at all.

"BOY!"

The demon who just managed to block Leonel's arrow roared in rage, shooting forward with all the speed he could muster. Unfortunately, everyone was limited to the same slow and evenly spaced steps. In fact, to now, Leonel counted less than ten others than had spent skill points on their movement.

By the time the broad sword wielding demon had charged to within five meters of Leonel, the cool down of 'Reinforced Arrow' had completed.

Leonel's lip curled, his gaze suffused with cold indifference. Though he could shoot a normal arrow once every 2 seconds thanks to 'Advanced Quick Reload', 'Reinforced Arrow' didn't fall under this category. Its cool down was 10 seconds. If not for this, it was impossible for this demon to have blocked his arrow.

However, would Leonel really waste a reinforced arrow on an enemy so close to him. Entering a five meter radius of a bowman with such a limited range of techniques was asking for death.

Leonel pulled the string of his dark, black bow. Even with his current strength, he only managed to pull it 50% of the way. But, with its strength, this was more than enough.

The crackling of lightning sounded once more as Leonel stared down the enraged demon. However, this time, an imperceptible bronze luster coated the arrow as well as though the metal that formed it was resonating with a higher existence.

The demon froze. An overwhelming sense of danger shook his heart.

He wasn't among the demons who had gained star points. His performance only managed to net him a B evaluation, and that was only after he managed to gain a few tricks after observing those who came before him.

When facing an arrow even a demon who had gained star points couldn't do anything against, how could he not feel as though he had acted rashly?

However, would Leonel care for his feelings?

SHUUUUUUUUUUUU!!

The demon closed his eyes, realizing that death was upon him. But, even after several moments of holding his breath, he seemed to realize that his heart was still beating. In fact, he hadn't even felt any pain.

It can't be that a marksman would miss from such a close range… right?

The demon snapped his eyes open, a cold sweat matting his back. He was just in time to hear an enraged and mournful cry to his back. Not only that… but he also watched as two more star points manifested above Leonel's head.

"What…?"