Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2824 Disturbance

Emperor Fleeting Cloud gasped for breath like a fish out of water. The instant the suppression vanished, his muscles loosened. If not for a last bout of strength, and the fact his body was exceptionally clean as an Eighth Dimensional expert, he might have even lost control of his bowels.

After awakening his King's Might Lineage Factor once more, Leonel had begun finding other ways to maximize it.

It had to be remembered that [Arise], [Breathe], and [Assimilate] were just the three most powerful and feared methods of the Lineage Factor. There were still dozens of other methods, including [Emperor's Gaze] which Leonel had used quite often in the past, and this much more powerful method.

Leonel's own mother's Emperor's Might manifested like a Dragon. In the past, Leonel had assumed that this was just Alienor's preference.

What he didn't know was that the Dragon's Might in legend was actually a bastardization of Emperor's Might. The mythologies of Earth had twisted the true origins.

In reality, [Emperor's Might], the technique, not the Lineage Factor, was placed among the second tier abilities of Emperor's Might. It was created by observing the Celestial Storm Race, a powerhouse amongst God Beasts.

The thing was that the Celestial Storm Race didn't have "Dragon's Might". It was a conception created by the Fawkes for a beast that seemed capable of ruling the skies.

This legend then became lost in translation, and Dragon's Might eventually became something that human fantasy writers often used as a foundational ability of the mythical creature... when in reality it was something manifested by the Fawkes alone.

This wasn't the only technique created based on the God Beasts. In fact, there were four in total. Although the Fawkes never managed to replicate anything for the Void Beasts or Infinity Beasts, they had done so for the four Celestial God Beasts.

And this was just one of them.

"Not killing yourself?" Leonel asked curiously.

He gazed down at the man that had fallen to his knees. The Emperor was heaving as though trying to empty his stomach, but there was nothing left in there. He hadn't been in an eating mood in the last several weeks, so he hacked and wheezed nothing but stomach acid and air.

It took him a long while before he managed to calm down.

The dragon around Leonel dissipated and vanished into plumes of violet smoke.

The best part of these abilities weren't their strength, but rather the fact that according to what he had come to understand about their history, unless you were well informed in the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor, these four Celestial abilities wouldn't be recognizable.

"There's no need to be excessively foolish." Leonel spoke lightly. "If I wanted to kill you, you'd be dead. If I wanted to destroy the entire rest of the human race, I would do so.

"If you want to accuse me of using you for something, you should first figure out your position and second figure out what I could possibly want from you."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Leonel stood to his feet.

"Now, do you want to win this war or not?"

The Emperor looked up, his eyes red with both unwillingness and fear. But in the end, he pressed it down. There was no other choice in this matter and no other steps to take.

"... Yes."

**

Talon scratched his ass, a bit annoyed by the fact that he had been brought here. But these folks were way too powerful for him to snub his nose at... yet.

He had spent the last several months in his Crafting lab and had hardly made any attempts to train at all. Even so, he had still improved by leaps and bounds.

It could be said that his loss to Leonel had truly lit a fire under him, and he was more than a little annoyed that he had to come to an Incomplete World of all places now.

Who didn't know that Incomplete Worlds had limited laws that made progress nigh impossible? Plus, he was already in the Seventh Dimension, so even with the methods they had, the backlash he would receive for entering would be harsh.

He shook his head and crossed the barrier.

The red Samoan-like tattoos across his body erupted as the black chain lashed out. He hissed beneath the pain, but after his Dimension fell to the Sixth, everything stabilized.

'Not bad, all things considered. Too bad I look like a walking dead.'

All his tattoos had been covered in chains, his bronzed skin had paled, and his large belly had shrunk. In fact, it wasn't just his belly.

He had gone from a fairly rotund man to a sack of bones in his estimations. Though... what was a sack of bones to him was, in reality, shredded beyond compare to most others. His body was even more vascular than Leonel's own.

Shaking his head, he took out a talisman and tore it. A portal appeared before him that he stepped into.

When he appeared on the other side, he saw one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen in his life.

She was enormous, at five meters tall, but that didn't stop the Barbarian Race youth's eyes from almost popping out of his sockets.

He pursed his lips together, whistling. She was a big woman, but that also made that soft mounds of delicate blue pop out all the more.

Her long gown clung to her waist and down her thighs, looking almost like a mermaid's tail.

At that moment, the Sea Goddess looked down at Talon, her gaze calm. She didn't seem to notice Talon's heated gaze at all, but Talon himself frowned.

Where was this pressure coming from? Why would he feel pressure from an Incomplete World Race?

He had been sent here, but he really didn't know much about what was going on. At this point, he might as well be a child being directed by his elders.

"Alright lady, I was sent here to help you. What do you want me to do?"

The Sea Goddess didn't reply immediately, her sharp ears twitching. She took a graceful step and returned to her throne, taking a seat and looking down at Talon.

"There's an odd disturbance in the waters." She said softly.

Talon's heart skipped a beat. Was this a Sea Goddess, or a siren? How could a voice be so beautiful?

"I believe there is someone interfering with the fate of the humans. Go and ensure that they fall."

Only then did Talon understand. "Disturbance in the waters" should be a saying of the Sea Gods.

But what disturbance could she be referring to?