Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2826 Freshwater

"You are Rae, correct?" Sashae asked.

Rae felt like collapsing. He was such an idiot, he actually let her speak first. Now she feels like she needs to help carry him through a conversation. What a nightmare.

"Yes, thanks for remem-I mean, I'm happy you remembered, not that you have a bad memory-"

Rae stopped talking. What the hell was he saying? Did he forget how language worked? Why wasn't his brain cooperating with him?

He was in the Sixth dimension. His thought speed should be enough to keep things flowing. So why did it feel like he spent an eternity thinking of absolutely nothing?

Just say something! Anything!

"Our names end in the same characters!" Rae suddenly sputtered out.

He slapped a hand to his forehead. What the hell was that?!

Sashae raised a hand to her soft lips and giggled. It was the first time Rae had heard her laugh, and it left him in a complete daze.

Enough that he didn't react at all when her arm suddenly went through his chest.

Rae's eyes opened wide, not expecting this at all. He couldn't believe it. He had such a bright future, but he lost it all by chasing a girl?

The feelings of betrayal didn't even have a chance to settle in. By the time he would have thought of it, his consciousness had long faded.

Sashae watched indifferently as his body collapsed.

She saw the last look in his eyes as well, and it only made her more indifferent. There was shock, but there was no pain, that sort of heart wrenching pain that one might experience when a loved one stabbed you in the back.

Clearly, he was just like the rest, lusting after her beauty and wanting to take her as their own without having a single inkling about the real her.

It was not only pathetic, it was insulting.

Killing such a man, she wouldn't feel any guilt at all. He wasn't worthy of such a thing.

Sashae waved a hand, and an orb appeared in her hand. She threw it out, and a portal appeared. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Out from this portal, the skin and bone Talon appeared. Though he seemed a bit better than earlier, he still hadn't recovered to 100% and likely never would for as long as he was in this place.

But it was enough.

"This is who you'll be replacing," Sashae said softly.

Talon shook his head. All of this bullshit was entirely unnecessary, but his elders insisted he kept a low profile. It was so annoying, though he understood why.

Two unknown characters had bought the information after them, and the odds they were Gods were high. So they had no choice but to take caution.

"Who is this?"

"Someone who tried to confess to me. It's more convenient this way. Instead of returning to his group of friends where you can be easily exposed, just stay by my side."

"Hoho." Talon chuckled, stroking his chin.

He actually quite like Barbarian Race women. They had a lot of meat on the bone and that was his favorite kind of woman.

But after seeing Wise Sea Order, he had an itch that he really wanted to scratch. Unfortunately, he felt too much danger coming from that woman, but this one...

Maybe pretending to be someone else wouldn't be so bad after all.

Sashae ignored Talon's gaze. She reached down and the pools of water around them converged, dissolving Rae's body. Then she pushed the waters toward Talon.

Talon raised an eyebrow, but didn't resist. It seemed that this woman was quite powerful as well, and her methods were mysterious. He had never seen a Water Force capable of such things, but that didn't mean they didn't exist.

Talon soon looked identical to Rae in every way, shape and form.

"Let's go." Sashae said.

Talon reached over to hook his arm around her waist, but his wrist was caught.

Sashae looked over with a calm gaze.

"What? I'm just acting." Talon said righteously.

"Don't." Sashae let go of his wrist and continued to walk forward. "I am a reserved woman. Suddenly coming back with a man I hardly know in such a touchy matter will raise more suspicion than not. You may remain beside me. You may also speak to me in an attempt to draw more of my attention, but you may not touch me.

"Do not ruin the plan, or else it won't be me you're answering to."

Talon shook his head.

He was a mighty Demi-God and now a Mortal was lecturing him. He swore that when he got a hold of those uncles of his and his Dimension reached theirs, he would be sure to teach them all a lesson.

"I better be getting paid well for this," he grumbled.

The duo returned to the large encampment, and many questioning gazes landed on them. When these gazes saw Sashae bring Rae back to her group, they grew wide.

"Son of a bitch. No way he did it..."

Leonel wasn't aware of what had just happened. He hadn't been using his Internal Sight to scan the Sea God army much for fear that they might have spies from Complete Worlds within it that could detect him.

Ironically, he had been proven correct this time.

But that didn't change what he needed to do.

The first and most obvious thing he could take advantage of was the Force Art that controlled the city, so he did that.

He didn't increase its power by much. Instead, he changed its function slightly.

The Sea Gods wanted to flood this world with water for some reason, so he had to stop them from doing that.

He reversed the function of the large formation and helped it quickly turn the water that touched it into water vapor.

The trouble with this was that it would soon begin to rain, and quite heavily at that.

But that was precisely where the second part of Leonel's plan kicked in.

Why were the Sea Gods more fond of salt water than freshwater?