Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Just moments ago, he thought he was safe. He stood silently in a corner of the platform, having been lucky enough to be dropped here.

He couldn't have been more happy that Leonel had taken all the attention for himself. He had thought that after these two star points appeared above his heads that he would most definitely become a target. He really had to thank Leonel.

'Ha, idiot. What are you doing entering the range of a bowman like that without a proper plan. This is the problem with us demons, focusing too much on brawn and not enough brain. How else could we possibly have allowed a female human to become our leader?'

The demon clenched his fists.

He had already affirmed it in his heart. He would use the entry into these trial grounds to raise his strength above that bitch Modred. He could already imagine her riding beneath his crotch. Of course, he would treat her well. It wouldn't be so bad to have such a powerful queen by his side.

'Hm? Is that idiot dead yet?'

The demon looked up just in time to see a flash of brilliance approaching him at impossible speeds. He blinked just once, yet it had gone from tens of meters from him, to right before him in a flash.

The demon's expression changed. He had to dodge.

Just when he wanted to, his expression changed again.

'Dammit!'

He had completely forgotten that he was already at the corner of the platform. There was… no place to dodge.

SHUUUUU! PCCHUU!

It was only after the arrow had shot through his forehead that the demon realized that dodging was never an option.

If there was any solice in death, maybe it would be that he wasn't alone in his despair. The very demon he had called an idiot just moments earlier now found himself in a similar situation.

Standing in a no-man's land within five meters of Leonel's bow… It was asking for death.

PCCHUU!

Another deathly silence fell over the platform.

In an instant, four demons had died beneath five arrows.

'This boy…'

This simple thought was one shared by them all. Going from being suppressed in one instant to taking the lives of three more in the next… Even though they had all witnessed it, they couldn't believe it.

King Arthur and Lamorak's expressions darkened. They couldn't believe the sudden change. Now, not only was Leonel safe for the time being, but others would hesitate to come after him.

That bravery, that daring… He actually targeted a demon over a hundred meters from him when he was surrounded by enemies from all sides.

This feeling… it felt oddly similar to when Leonel strolled out of Camelot's gates…

"Dammit! Charge together!"

The demons around Leonel were completely enraged.

Leonel steadied his breathing, his gaze flashing like lightning. However many came is as many as he would take on.

In the distance, Big Buddha and Monet looked on with dark expressions. They had been cautious about making a move before, but it seemed that they might have to. They weren't worried about being seen as the enemies of humans. After all, they were already under the banner of Modred.

Just when everyone was about to target Leonel, the situation changed once again.

The demons who had chosen to charge toward Leonel suddenly found themselves frozen, completely unable to move.

"Bind."

The delicate voice of a little girl rang through the battlefield. Beads of sweat poured down her little face as she pushed her hand forward. It was obvious that binding the three demons that charged toward Leonel in that instant had taken a lot out of her.

Not only was the distance far, but there were actually three of them. How could she not be struggling.

Seeing such a scene, Leonel's heart softened with gratitude. His cold and indifferent expression cracked just the smallest bit.

'Stacked Shot.'

Feelings were one thing, but Leonel wouldn't allow his actions to lag behind.

In an instant, two more bloody holes appeared within the demons.

The moment she only had to bind a single person, Little Nana's pressure was reduced by a significant amount, allowing Leonel's cool down to be completed and for him to draw another arrow.

However, Leonel didn't fire this one. He took a step toward the last bound demon and pierced his drawn arrow through her throat. He could see the look of despair as she struggled to break free, but his eyes remained callous.

In a flash, Leonel had killed seven and still had three arrows remaining.

He drew his bow once more.

The contrast of blood dripping from the tip of his drawn arrow and the corpses littered around his body painted a heart palpitating picture.

At that moment, everyone had grown hesitant. The ability of that little girl was too powerful. They had all been apprehensive about her earlier and now that she had stepped forward to help Leonel, the situation had gotten several times more complex.

Just when everyone was shaken and wondering what the next step would be, a pained cry called out.

Leonel's brow shot up. His bow was still drawn, so this cry was obviously not caused by him.

His Internal Sight locked onto a certain region only to find that King Arthur and Modred had both reacted as one, both killing a member of the demons and humans respectively. In fact, their steps didn't pause as both of them shot toward a second target.

Leonel was shocked. He couldn't understand why they were acting like this.

Technically, he was still in a dangerous situation. He hadn't gotten out of the woods by any stretch of the imagination.

Modred's actions could be justified. After all, Leonel had killed seven demons to now. If things continued, she would only fall into more of a disadvantage. However, King Arthur's actions didn't make much sense at all.

A third cry sounded. In their competition of two, Modred won, taking down a second human. Just as King Arthur's sword descended, a barrier of protection appeared around a shocked demon, saving her at the last moment.

King Arthur frowned, but eventually retracted his sword unwillingly. It couldn't be helped. He didn't have long ranged attacks but Modred did.

Just as Leonel was feeling even more confused, Merlin's voice sounded once again.

<First Elimination Round Completed>

<Slaughter Points to be Distributed>

<Leonel - 5.5 points>

<Modred - 2 points> Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

<Nana - 1.5 points>

<Arthur - 1 point>

A sudden understanding came over Leonel. It seemed this was where the last points of currency came from.. It was no wonder they would take action.