Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2835 Interesting

It was too easy. So much so that it was difficult to take pride in any of it at all.And Leonel didn't feel that he should.

The people of these Incomplete Worlds were too inferior to what Leonel had already experienced in the outside world. The fact they didn't stand a chance didn't surprise him.His Crafts were orders of magnitude stronger than their own. His strength was even more exaggerated by comparison. His schemes were somehow even more suffocating that than for no other reason than the fact he found manipulating their Dream Force to be far too easy.

The only worry Leonel had was that this sort of speedy reversal was practically putting a target on his forehead, screaming to the mountain tops that he was likely one of the three who had bought the information.

But after doing a cost-benefit analysis, he felt that biding his time too much would only be a detriment to him.He only had three years, and a month of that was already gone.

Not only did he need to deal with his enemies, but he also needed to comprehend the foundations of this world and even beyond that, he needed to find a method of raising it to the God Realm.He had a pretty good idea that clearing all its Zones would give him the outcome he needed. But he had to give himself enough buffer to actually check if that was true or not.

Plus, even with his strength clearing so many Zones would take a very long time.

This also didn't consider a very specific anomaly that occurred when a Zone failed to be cleared.Leonel had never run into these Zones back in the Dimensional Zone, but he had always been warned that if a Zone wasn't cleared, it could swallow a world up.

What he didn't know was what would happen once that occurred. The Dimensional Verse didn't seem to have any documented events of the like. But that didn't mean that this world didn't.

If a Sub-Dimensional Zone ended up swallowing a world up, or even multiple Zones, who knew what might happen?

At that point, it wouldn't be smart of Leonel to continue to be complacent. These mutated Zones were likely to be dangerous even to him.

But it was necessary for him to close them if he wanted hope of his Incomplete World reaching his standards.

This aside, there was another reason that Leonel wasn't too worried about exposing himself, and that was because of Sashae and her words.

If they found out he was a human, that was a bad thing.But... if they thought that he was an Envoy...That was a different ball game entirely.

They would be playing right into his hands.

Once the Sea Gods were pushed out of the Human Domain, Leonel began to push forward with his next plan.

As he had said, he hadn't come here with the intention to rule, so none of the steps he took were for future stability, in any way, shape, or form.

Instead, after freeing the humans that had been in captivity in their own native homeland, he began to recruit them.He was building a larger and larger army, plundering the resources of the various planets and other deposits he found with the help of Anastasia.

He outfitted them all with armors that could counter the Sea Gods perfectly and was resistant to Anarchic Force. Then he marched into the Ancient Battlefield.

The battle took mere days, but soon, the Human Race had not only reclaimed its piece of the Ancient Battlefield, but it had also forcefully snatched that of the others.

It was only after this was accomplished that Leonel vanished. No one knew where he went, but the Human Race was more stable and powerful than it had ever been. And at least for the time being, no one had any intentions of starting internal strife.

Not just yet, anyway.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Leonel had indeed disappeared, and he had gone right to the Oryx Domain. He had only spent a short time in this place, but he understood quite well.

After interacting with three of the four main Races here, he felt that the Oryx had the lowest odds of being controlled by some outside power. And that included even the Humans that he had just liberated.

Their overall actions were the most... normal.

Leonel wasn't making this conclusion just based on his own personal experience, but also the records of the Human Race.

That said, this wasn't really enough to suddenly abandon the Human Domain and come here. There was another reason for that.

And it was linked to the hatred the Human Race had for the Cloud Race.

After reading their history, Leonel found out that the Cloud Race that had once existence in this Incomplete World was incredibly cruel. The current Human Domain was once the Cloud Domain, and the latter Race had enslaved the former.

Many of the humans only reluctantly had Cloud Race genes in their blood because their parents had had their wills crushed and their innocences forcefully taken.

They had all descended from bastard children of slaves. Now, they had to live with their unique quirks. So instead of claiming them as Cloud Race features, they claimed them to be Human.

Leonel understood the sentiment, and he quite respected them for it.

That said, it sounded like a fairytale.

The Human Race was far weaker than the Cloud Race, and the history showed that quite well. So how was it that the Human Race had not only managed to rise up from their oppression, but even destroy them and establish their own Empires as a replacement?

There was something missing here.

Of course, there was always a chance that their fanciful tales of heroes and heroines were true. But the odds were so slim that Leonel wouldn't have been on it.

That was when he stumbled onto an interesting tidbit.