Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2840 Confusion

The eloquent noble Rapax, Xenothrall, looked at Leonel with narrowed eyes.

"The warriors of the Rapax do not fake battles."

"Is that so?" Leonel sneered. He raised a finger and then pointed down toward the Overlord Sea God.

Just when everyone thought he was going to threaten the Sea Gods as well, several Force Arts appeared around him in quick succession. At that moment, the Sea Gods from the previous battles all appeared, one after another.

They looked around in confusion, not quite understanding how they had suddenly appeared here.

BANG!

Leonel leapt up and landed in the arena below.

"You. Fight me," Leonel said coldly.

He pointed at the Sixth Dimensional Sea God that fought in the first battle. He was indifferent and his tone didn't seem to assume it was a suggestion.

Xenothrall's frown deepened.

The Sea God noble by his side seemed to finally understand what was going to happen. He opened his mouth to say something, but it was then Leonel suddenly looked at him, his gaze flashing with a hidden purple light beneath the deep hazel.

"This isn't your place to speak. So I would suggest you shut your mouth, or I will kill you."

At that moment, the Sea God Overlord took this chance to take action. Insulting his liege was more than enough of a sin, and no one would look down on him for doing so.

Leonel grinned. These people were so easy to manipulate.

A pitch black spear suddenly appeared in Leonel's palm. When this spear appeared, the entire Rapax Domain seemed to tremble.

The Rapax fell into complete silence. Looking at that spear, they felt like something was calling out to them, as though the person standing before them wasn't a human, but rather one of their own clan.

It was a misunderstanding that Rapax didn't use weapons. Although the vast majority relied on close combat alone, this wasn't because they hated weapons or didn't have a deep weapon inheritance. It was rather because of all the Races, the Rapax had the most reverence for weapons. Period.

Because of this, they only allowed their most supreme of warriors to use weapons, and it took a lifetime of blood, sweat and tears to be acknowledged with the right to wield one.

It could be said that the Rapax had a reverence for the humanoids who created Weapon Forces that went beyond any other. In their culture, these were the true Gods of the world, and everyone else was inferior.

This black spear called out to something primal within them. Even having only seen it for a moment, they acknowledged it from the bottom of their hearts.

This spear, of course, was the very same one that the Rapax of his own Incomplete World had gifted Leonel.

Back then, just trying to catch it had completely shattered all the bones in his hand and arm. But now, it was as light as a feather.

At first, it looked no different from a rod. But quickly, it formed the blade of a glaive. The black fog took shape and let out a resonant blade howl. The skies split and a swirl of clouds began to quickly accelerate.

The world continued to shake as Leonel turned back to the Overlord and took a single step forward.

The Sea God Overlord pierced out with a trident and Leonel calmly thrust forward. He could feel the world resonating with him. It was as though the Rapax Domain was already prepared to be completely refined by him.

It was a shocking feeling, but Leonel didn't pay attention to it, neither did suppress the feeling. Even so, because he felt that his strength was about to skyrocket beyond the bounds of reason, he could only slow his attack even further.

To the eyes of the spectators, Leonel might as well have been a crawling snail compared to the Overlord. However, no one made a sound.

Their respect for Leonel had reached another depth. Unless they saw him die before their eyes, they seemed to always believe that he would definitely win.

Glaive and trident clashed.

Glaive Force sparkled in white on Leonel's blade, but it was entirely for show. Even with Glaive Force active, he was entirely able to ignore it.

He parried the trident with ease.

Sparks flew and rippling waves cut across the sand of the coliseum.

The surrounding youth of the Sea Gods were forced to unleash their strength to protect themselves. If they didn't, all of them would die.

Even so, many of the weaker ones were still shattered into a rain of blood.

The Overlord's expression became bloodshot when he saw this. He had definitely constrained his strength. He wouldn't be foolish enough to put the lives of these youths in danger. But Leonel's skills were beyond his expectation.

He could tell Leonel had done it on purpose, but there was nothing he could do about it except yell, retreat, and attack again.

Blasts continued to echo, and the duo left a trail of booms in their wake.

However, when Leonel saw that his point had been proven, he pulled out a little more strength.

His blade snuck through the gaps in the Overlord's defenses, striking through his chest.

BANG!

Both of them landed heavily on the ground. Leonel stood above him, a foot placed on his chest and his blade running through his chest.

He was calm and collected, his strength ringing true.

"Many years ago, I was given a great favor by an elder of your Rapax. He acknowledged my talent and chose to grant me his most precious possession. This spear has saved my life more than once. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Today, I came here to finally repay that kindness. But the sights I've seen have greatly disappointed me. The Rapax shouldn't show weakness just for the chance to ally with others."

Confusion colored the faces of the Rapax. They wanted to believe Leonel, but how had he proven anything?

That was when Leonel pointed at the young Sea God geniuses and their eyes widened.