Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2847 Resonating

"I'm going to spend the next few days here," Leonel said to Dreadmaw.

Dreadmaw didn't react much to these words. He didn't care very much at all. Instead, he was focused on the powerful sense that was constantly washing over them.

When he finally looked at Leonel, he seemed to be frowning.

"Are you related to this?" Dreadmaw asked.

Leonel looked up and then shrugged before walking away.

Dreadmaw blinked as Leonel vanished into the castle, presumably just randomly taking up a room for him. He wasn't sure how to react to that answer. Leonel didn't confirm it or deny it, which actually left him even more confused.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Unfortunately for Dreadmaw, he wasn't nearly as good at reading human mannerisms as Leonel was at reading Rapax habits. So to him, Leonel's shrug was no different from nothing at all.

Obviously, Leonel knew this and took advantage.

In the end, they weren't partners, and if the situation warranted it, they would likely clash. Leonel couldn't hope to rely on Shadowclaw's favor to win over the entire Rapax Race. That would be foolish.

He had to do this on his own.

...

Entering the room of bone, Leonel chuckled.

The Rapax "beds" weren't mattresses at all. Instead, they were pods that looked like crystal clear pods. Inside, there was a goo thicker than oil, but not quite as dense as jello. When they slept, they would be enveloped within it.

Leonel didn't mind, and actually leapt into it. Feeling the cool liquid envelop him, he actually let out a visible sigh of comfort.

He didn't feel wet, and the odd liquid didn't even block his ability to breathe normally. It just felt like he was covered in a slightly cool to the touch material that pulled his body temperature down to the perfect level for sleep.

He would definitely have to try out the different methods of the various races, because this was certainly far better than a mattress.

He wondered, though. How did the Rapax reproduce like this? It must be that they did so elsewhere. This wasn't exactly conducive to sexy time.

After he had his fun, Leonel pulled out the black spear once again, hopping out of the pod.

While he could lounge around for the next three days, he didn't have time to waste like this. Plus, he had something else to occupy his mind, much like he always did.

During his battle, he had sensed a very odd resonance, one that made him feel like he could refine the Rapax Domain immediately should he choose to do so.

With his senses, it was impossible for him to be mistaken. This meant that his Spear Force was, indeed, a viable method of moving forward. He just had to fuse it with [Final Destruction]'s circulation method and he would be good to go.

Of course, he couldn't do this now. If he could just refine any world, he would have already started comprehending the foundation of this world instead of wasting all this time running around.

The reason he needed the Barbarian Race dealt with first was because he would have to clear all the Zones in this world first before he even began to take later steps. It was also difficult to comprehend anything if he had to watch his back every second.

But now, he seemed to have found some light at the end of the tunnel.

Holding the spear in his hands again, he took a breath and closed his eyes.

What he was looking for was what exactly he was resonating with.

Although Leonel understood he had to refine these worlds, he still didn't quite understand what that meant. What were the mechanisms at play? What was he resonating with? What would happen to the Regulator if he did so? Would there be a backlash? Something else?

So Leonel took a day, feeling out the sense the black spear was allowing him to feel. Slowly, he began to sense what it was.

Once again, it was the Second Dimension, the location where the Impetus of Life resided. It was also the place where the Dream World existed, and even further, it was the same location as his Destruction World as well.

It was also the location of the Regulator.

If Leonel was correct, his father was essentially asking him to understand this world even better than the Regulator itself, so much so that it saw little to no difference between himself and it.

In this way, he would replace its role in the Second Dimension and, as such, making the world his own.

The fact it took Leonel of all people a full day to fully grasp this, this was obviously easier said than done. But at this point, there was little choice left in this matter.

'In that case, let's try something out.'

"Anastasia, have you finished a map of the Rapax Domain?"

"Yes," her reply came swiftly.

"Give me the location of all active Zones at and above the Fifth Dimension and above. Give Aina all the ones at the Fourth Dimension. We're setting out."

"Okay."

Leonel didn't want to test the Regulator too much, so he wouldn't break the rules. He would stick to the Zones he was allowed to enter.

As for their entry limits and such... did he still need to be concerned with any of that?

So long as there were no surprises, he might be finished before Anastasia was done mapping out the entire Incomplete World.

Leonel set off and began to clear the Zones one after another. Dreadmaw and Shadowclaw probably weren't even aware that he had left.

He didn't concern himself with this.

The sudden closing of so many Zones was peculiar to the Rapax, but as a simple-minded Race, most didn't notice that anything was wrong yet. They just assumed that one of their own had done it.

Surprisingly, Leonel also found that completing these Zones deepened his understanding of the world around him as well.

He got to see so many different types of techniques and methods molded by the laws of this world that he was quickly building an array of understanding in his mind.

When he stepped out of a Zone, the number of which he hadn't bothered to count, Anastasia's voice rang in his ears.

"Finished."