Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2848 Danger

Leonel's eyes lit up. This was excellent timing. He was almost finished with the Zones, but he also didn't want to completely clear them just yet.

As he had gone about clearing them, Leonel had realized something unfortunate... that being that clearing these Zones wasn't going to be enough to raise the potential of this world to the standard that he needed.

Not only would he need to clear them, but it seemed that he would need to continue until all the worlds were raised to at least the Eighth Dimension.

Thanks to his comprehension of what it meant to resonate with the world, he was beginning to get a deeper understanding of how the world around him changed as he exerted influence on it.

Thanks to that, at least in the Rapax Domain, he could tangibly feel the shifts in its potential as he cleared the Zones one after another.

This was yet another problem that he would have no choice but to face. He wasn't even sure where to begin.

It had to be remembered that not all planets had Eighth Dimensional potential. The reason Earth was so valuable in the Dimensional Verse was precisely because it was the first planet of the Human Domain born with such potential.

But that didn't mean that it was helpless either.

Back then, thanks to the birth of their Constellation, the Morales territory had also risen to the Eighth Dimension despite originally being a territory with only a Seventh Dimensional ceiling.

This meant that while his task had gotten even harder, it still wasn't impossible quite yet. In fact, Leonel had two solid potential paths that he could take, and he was beginning to understand that there was at least a method to his father's madness.

The first was to pick the only Eighth Dimensional world of the Rapax Domain and force it to swallow and raise the potential of the other Folds of Reality in its vicinity. Once that was finished, he could then focus on the individual worlds.

With the help of the Eighth Dimensional world, it should be easier to raise their standards as well. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The second path was to focus on each world individually, raising each one of them to the Eighth Dimension independently.

The first path was obviously the easier path, but Leonel wasn't quite yet sure if it was the one that he should take.

Was it possible for a single world to encompass all that it meant to be a Rapax? Would he be changing the world instead of resonating with it if he tried to use such a shortcut?

The latter was obviously the much more difficult task, but it left a lot of room for flexibility. On top of that, by focusing on one Fold of Reality at a time, Leonel could likewise get a much larger scope and few of the world, missing in all those tiny details he missed while dealing with everything else.

In the end, Leonel knew that he had to take the tougher path. He didn't have the luxury of potentially screwing this up, so taking the lazy route was never the option.

The question, then, was how could he raise the standards of each individual Fold of Reality? In truth, the question would be the same regardless of which path he took, because in the end, the Eighth Dimension simply wasn't enough.

By the end of all of this, Leonel had to allow all the Eighth Dimensional Folds of Reality he created to resonate with one another, ultimately creating a Ninth Dimensional world. Only that way would it meet the bare minimum requirement to be a Mortal Realm.

This was the other reason he chose the much tougher second option. If the Ninth Dimensional World created in the end wasn't good enough, then he would have wasted all of his time.

But, if he gave it the greatest chance possible, by fusing together as many high-quality Folds of Reality as possible...

He might really have a chance of succeeding.

As for how he would raise the standards of these worlds, wasn't that obvious?

Constellations.

It was how the Morales had done it, and it was how he was going to have to do it.

Unfortunately, that meant not only comprehending several more Constellations himself but also doing so in a fashion that would resonate with the people that populated the Fold of Reality.

It could only be said that entering the Sixth Dimension this time was going to be impossibly difficult. His father must have been madly cackling while he wrote out this technique. It could only have been created by a sadistic person.

Leonel really didn't want to know what entering the Seventh Dimension would entail if this was how difficult it was to clear the Sixth already. He hadn't even quite begun to move through the Fifth Dimension yet because he needed to absorb World Spirits with God-level potential to do that.

It was all a great headache.

But it was undeniably the kind of power that came with it.

Leonel had a feeling that once he succeeded, maybe his body would no longer even be of a Demi-God standard. Even if he didn't quite reach the standard of a God in the end, he should certainly reach the pinnacle of Demi-Godhood.

At that point, his only competition would be the geniuses of the God Races.

As it should be.

The map that Anastasia created began to project in Leonel's mind and he got quite the lay of the land. He had the location of each Zone in the region, and soon he spotted the mutated anomaly that Dreadmaw was speaking of.

But what was curious was that there wasn't just one, there were three.

"Anastasia, did you analyze the Zones?"

"Yes, I did."

"The three large mutated ones that almost look like Domains themselves. What are they?"

Anastasia hesitated a bit, but Leonel was patient, wondering what made her react like this.

"... They're very dangerous... I don't know what happened, but they've been touched by Gods."