Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2851 Path

These last few days had allowed Leonel to comprehend and calculate a lot of things.

Though fusing the Zones into one was the move of an absolute maniac, it was also one that he felt like, after some calculation, was also a viable path to take.

There was one very obvious problem in his path to perfect this Incomplete World by clearing all of its Zones...

And that was the problem of what had happened to Zones that had already long since failed?

Just looking at those three enormous mutated Zones that had swallowed up three entire Domains, had they not already bent and twisted this world beyond recognition?

Could just clearing Zones that had already swallowed up so much of this world's potential be enough?

The more Leonel thought about it, and the more he learned, the more unlikely he felt that it was.

If he wanted to do something unprecedented, like raise this world to one with the potential to become a God Realm in the future, then he would have to do something equally as unprecedented.

Back in the Dimensional Verse, Leonel had entered a Zone that allowed him to even take over the body of a real God like El'Rion. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Now that he thought about it, this was absolutely unprecedented and shocking.

He had truly felt what it was like to have the body of a God, and because of his Ability Index, he could perfectly recall this experience.

What was shocking, though, was that every time he did so, it felt like he was trying to recall memories from his Enlightened Self. The memories were so numerous and detailed that it was still too much, even for his current self to go through.

As such, it could only sit there, useless in his psyche. It was also a reminder of just how large the gap between his current self and real Gods were, even if they were just a child like El'Rion.

But this wasn't why Leonel was thinking about this now. What this memory put into context was that these worlds and their Regulators certainly had the latent potential to suppress and make fools of even Gods. It was certain that El'Rion never expected that he would actually have his body taken over like it had been.

And this was all done through the power of a Zone.

When Leonel leapt onto this line of thinking, he began to create several formulations and form up a plan.

Leonel: "What if he could harvest the strength of the Zone to forcefully elevate the standard of this Incomplete World to reach the level of his needs?"

Leonel: "What were the Barbarians trying to do all this time? Wasn't it to create an elevated form of themselves? They were clearly close to succeeding, or else they wouldn't be investing so much funds or manpower."

Leonel: "And if the Objectives of the Zones spoke about breaking past the level of Demi-God, didn't that mean that the Zones also had such potential?"

In that case, the task before Leonel was clear and obvious right now.

After some calculations, he felt that it was viable. But first, he needed to crush the stabilizing gateways just enough that the Sub-Dimensional Zones would fuse, but not enough that they would immediately swallow up the entire Incomplete World.

And for that, the Rapax were a useful pawn.

Dreadmaw and Shadowclaw looked toward one another again. They realized that at this point, they probably didn't have much of a choice.

Dreadmaw: "I will give you two time to make preparations. If you need to call the others of your Race here, that'll have to be something you do soon."

"It will just be the two of us," Dreadmaw said.

Leonel gave him a look, but then he understood. They hadn't come here to start an all-out war. And, apparently, Shadowclaw wasn't the only one they were investing in.

In that case, this made sense.

Leonel shook his head. This was disappointing, but not the end of the world.

"We will need to secure the Ancient Battlefield first, one way or another. I will mobilize the Human Race. You must do the same for the Rapax."

"Why?"

"Because, as I told you, the Zones have mutated so far that they take up entire Domains. But you must have been to the Ancient Battlefield already, right? Have you thought about why there only seem to be four entrances and exists? The Ancient Battlefield should have a path to all Domains, so why doesn't one existence for any of these three?"

Dreadmaw's gaze flicker and Leonel nodded before continuing.

"This third party has clearly set up some sort of elaborate ruse or protective formation. We'll need to secure the Ancient Battlefield so that we can actually find the location of these paths to begin with. Only then can we take action."

Leonel explained a rough outline of his plans before leaving.

"Anastasia, give me a detailed few of those gateways."

Leonel wanted to fully analyze the treasures suppressing the Zones from growing any larger and stabilizing them.

He needed a plan, a perfect plan. One that could deal with a woman that could supposedly see the future.

Leonel didn't believe that there existed such an infallible ability. Even Aina's clairvoyance of her own body had its limits. An ability that could supposedly see through the future of so many wide-ranging things was bound to be imperfect.

He just had to find where the crack was and force his knife in with a twist.

Leonel's gaze glowed.

He could see a path toward making this Incomplete World his own.