Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2853 Third

Leonel closed his eyes.

The only person he had ever seen to exhibit this level of power while under the constraints of being born and raised in an Incomplete World was his father. When he sensed it, he almost found himself getting annoyed, but he was able to remain quite calm in the end. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

This Oryx Emperor wasn't nearly as powerful as his father was. But since he had chosen to be the lapdog of the Sea Gods and Barbarian Race, this would only end in one way.

Leonel's eyes flashed open. "We'll end this as swiftly as possible."

BANG!

The ground beneath his exploded, and war erupted.

Leonel appeared high above the Ancient Battlefield. He had never seen it from this perspective before, but standing there, and watching the armies swarm beneath him, he felt a mysterious feeling in his heart.

He could practically sense the thoughts of the Regulator and how it didn't want this to happen. It was something that Leonel never thought would happen.

The Regulator didn't have emotions, it functioned solely based on instincts, instincts that should tend toward helping their world to evolve. It was clear that the Regulator felt that this was a detriment to the overall situation, and yet it could do nothing about it at all because most of the involved parties were members of its world.

If the Regulators were infallible, then even the Gods wouldn't be able to do anything about their existence. The fact that they were used as currency exchange was more than enough to paint the picture of the true reality.

Leonel slotted this into the back of his mind, not sure if it would be useless or not in the future, but still willing to take note of it, nonetheless.

BANG!

Leonel descended and landed amidst a sea of Oryx warriors. He calmly took out the black spear, its black fog radiating out in all directions.

When he said that he would end this early, he meant it with every fiber of his being.

Of his three-year time period, two months had already been eaten up, and he felt like the guillotine was about to be dropped on his neck.

He seemed to have a great deal of time, but how could the Barbarian Race be easy to deal with? Even if they were, how long would it take to clear the monstrosity of a fused Zone he was about to create? And even if that was easy, how long would it take him to refine the world to the level he wanted for it?

With all of this on his mind, he chose not to waste any time.

The head of the Oryx Emperor would be his.

He pointed his spear forward and looked right at the white beast man. He stood so tall and his great sword was no less imposing than himself.

When the Oryx Emperor spotted Leonel, he acted before thinking or even speaking.

His great sword slashed down, and the world seemed to be split in two.

Leonel gazed toward this attack indifferently. He could feel the number of people paying attention to him at this moment.

Until now, the Oryx army alone had been able to counter both the Rapax and Human armies and the Sea Gods had yet to appear.

This reality made Leonel feel that something else was coming. Unless the "oracle" had lost their powers, they almost certainly knew that this was coming.

However, the last two times she had predicted Leonel's actions, they ended in her loss, regardless. The first time being when he appeared in the Human Domain, and the second time being when he appeared in the Rapax Domain.

As such, she likely had no other choice but to take a different approach. It was either the Sea Gods were gearing up for a powerful assault, or they were bolstering their defenses around the defenses of the three Zones.

Whichever it was...

It didn't matter.

PPSSSHHH!

The Oryx Emperor's Sword Force was like a splash of water in the ocean. It rippled across an invisible sphere that surrounded Leonel's body, moving around and up and over him.

There wasn't a loud sound, and it almost sounded like a fast wind suddenly whistling by.

Leonel's Absolute Domain was on an entirely different level. Standing there, his Spear Force didn't have to activate for a sphere of invulnerability to be formed around him. Everything was his spear, and other Weapon Forces could only bow down.

At that moment, his spear flickered.

The separating Sword Force was suddenly forced into a single point before it pierced ahead, appearing before the Oryx Emperor in the blink of an eye.

The old Oryx was caught off guard, neither expecting his Sword Force to be dealt with so easily, nor for it to be stripped from him and used against him.

How was that even possible? How could you use Sword Force as Spear Force? And why did it feel even stronger than his own?

BANG!

The Oryx Emperor quickly blocked before his chest, his heels digging into the ground as he slid back hard.

Leonel watched this calmly. He had actually managed to block a blow.

Although Leonel didn't display it, he knew that his Spear Force had reached a new level even after entering this Incomplete World. He was barely a fraction of the way away from the Creation State.

Of course, he hadn't used his Spear Force just now. But it was still more than this Oryx Emperor should have been able to deal with.

The cheers of the humans came from his back as the Oryx Emperor looked solemn.

He looked up, his murky eyes meeting Leonel's gaze.

At that moment, he realized that he couldn't hold back.

Slowly, his third eye began to open up, and the world froze.

A violent swirl of Time Force took shape, and the battlefield froze, even the cheers of the humans falling on deaf ears as even sound failed to travel.

The third eye was just as murky as the other two.

But the power it held was on another level.