Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2855 No Longer (2)

Leonel finished suppressing the Oryx Emperor and sent him into the Segmented Cube. Time Force had always been interesting to him, and the evolution of the Oryx of this plane was equally as interesting. At the very least, the Barbarian Race had succeeded far better than Leonel ever had.

In this regard, it was actually a bit embarrassing. That was because, unlike the Oryx in this world, the Oryx of the Dimensional Verse were in a state of Hyper Evolution. That meant it should have been even easier for Leonel.

In truth, if the Barbarian Race knew that Leonel had a hoard of Oryx in a state of Hyper Evolution, they'd be champing at the bit to take them away from him.

It was definitely important for Leonel to get Aina to see what she could glean from the Oryx Emperor, who was clearly the biggest success story of this race.

After seeing what Aina managed to do with the Sea Gods, Leonel had more confidence in this. Plus, he didn't forget that one of the Quests of the Oryx Sub-Dimensional Zone was related to Hyper Evolution.

Once the three Zones fused, it was hard to tell what might happen. So, Leonel had to give himself as much advantage as possible on this front.

Leonel looked up to find a sea of eyes in triplets. The fury of the Oryx had begun to boil over, but he directly ignored them. Looking off into the distance and seen a sea of Sea Gods rushing into the battlefield.

'Finally. Now I can really do this.'

Leonel took a step and appeared high in the air. Taking a breath, it felt like all the Anarchic Force in the region was suddenly forcefully dispersed. In its place, purified air rushed into Leonel's lung.

The longer he spent on the Ancient Battlefield, the clearer his understanding of the Regulator became, and the more of his original power that he recovered.

Filling himself up to the brim, his spear tip suddenly trembled.

Emulation Spatial Force caused the black tip of his blade to glow silver-gold and he suddenly pierced out just a single time.

The scene could only be described as Armageddon. Streaks of spear light filled the skies and dispersed like an umbrella, pooling downward and killing the armies below in waves of thousands.

The earth trapped them from below, and the spear reaped their lives from above.

If Leonel had wanted to start such a massacre, he could have done so alone. He didn't need to bring the Rapax and Human Race with him.

Obviously, since he had done so, there was a purpose.

At that moment, four powerful auras that surpassed the realms of Overlord shot out from the Sea Gods. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Leonel's spear spun in his hands. He took a step and the armies beneath his feet were directly flattened into meat paste. He took another step, and the earth shattered, crumbling to dust and forming a crater that spread across hundreds of meters.

His aura continued to climb and the flickering chains he had hidden across his body grew weaker and weaker.

Then, his spear thrust out toward the oncoming party.

He parried a trident with one motion and titled his head slightly to dodge another. He kicked out in a fluid motion and shattered the chest of one, while swiping down with his spear to deal with the last.

Each one of his movements wasted not the slightest hint of energy. He was so fluid he seemed to embody water, almost like he was in the process of comprehending the way of the Sea Gods.

He was entirely unrestrained. The weaker the Regulator's suppression was around him, the clearer his mind became and the easier everything became to comprehend.

His wrist flickered and an arm shot into the air. The Sea God had actually managed to dodge the main damage, but he didn't seem to care much at all.

His spear continued in the same arc, slapping down on a trident's pole arm.

He removed a hand from his spear and punched out toward the side, forcing a Sea God to take several steps back.

His hand returned to its rightful place, and a head flew into the skies.

The armless Sea God roared and rushed forward, but Leonel simply thrust out once. His spear seemed to follow an unpredictable trajectory, streaking through the flaws in the Sea God's technique and then ripping a hole through her throat.

Leonel's black spear spun once more, a blade appearing on its butt and forming a dual scythe that twisting around his waist.

A cyclone shot out with him as the center and the four Sea Gods were shredded to pieces.

From start to finish, everything was so smooth and unbothered. Leonel didn't even use his Forces even a single time.

He really listened and felt, trying to understand exactly what this world wanted.

Ironically, as he listened and became more in tune with the world, the Regulator released its pressure even without him coaxing it.

When his comprehension and his control over the Dream World layered atop of one another, he had already regained more than 50% of his true strength.

Against this kind of power, those of this world didn't stand even a single chance.

The roar of the humans deafened the battlefield as Leonel closed his eyes.

In the far off distance, Dreadmaw and Shadowclaw's gazes were filled with shock. Shadowclaw reacted first because he was quite used to Leonel's feats, but Dreadmaw had a difficult time reconciling.

They had vision unlike those here. They could see things they couldn't as well. How could they not feel that the Regulator was slowly beginning to accept Leonel?

What level of comprehension was this?

Leonel slowly opened his eyes, and a crown of Dream Force formed above his head. At that point, although he wasn't truly back, he felt like he could use much of his methods once again.

With a step, the ground rumbled and three enormous hidden Force Arts were revealed, shocking everyone.

They could no longer hide from Leonel.