Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2856 Leonel Morales

The first time Leonel came to the Ancient Battlefield, he hadn't sensed these Force Arts at all. All this time he had been wondering one very simple thing...

Why?

He didn't think himself to be infallible, but when it came to matters of Crafting and Force Arts, at least below the God level, there shouldn't be enough of a gap for him to be completely fooled.

At first, he thought that it was because he was suppressed. This was a good explanation, especially given what he was feeling now. The weaker the Regulator's suppression became, the more he felt that he could sense.

Even so... he felt that this wasn't good enough.

His Dream Force was simply too powerful, and those with Dream Force stronger than his own couldn't enter this world, even if they wanted to.

So how could his vision be obscured?

The only answer to this question was that the Barbarians were ahead of him. They had managed to change three entire Domains because they had comprehended them so perfectly that they were capable of fundamentally changing it.

That was when Leonel realized that he wasn't the only one capable of comprehending an incomplete world, and it was na?ˉve of him to expect that he would be the only one to ever have such intentions.

This essentially meant that compared to the Barbarian Race, he was even lacking in this matter as well.

Essentially, to make a complicated matter simple, he hadn't noticed the Force Arts because, to his senses, they were no different from a part of the world. It was akin to a Natural Force Art, but on an elevated level.

If Leonel didn't have Anastasia to tell him that there were definitely three enormous Sub-Dimensional Zones, he would have likely had the wool pulled over his eyes for a long while.

But since he knew they were certainly there, how could they continue to hide from him? Thanks to this, Leonel was finally able to understand.

It was a reminder to him that he might feel himself to be on the same level as Demi-God Crafters, but there were such a broad range of disciplines and applications of said disciplines that he wasn't nearly experienced enough to say that he was infallible.

He slotted these things to the back of his mind and then grinned.

The reality was that his inability to find these Force Arts was at most a small setback. But the moment he found them, it was a huge boon.

That was because the Barbarian Race had already done all the legwork for him. With a single glance, he had already memorized these Force Arts.

Using his Ability Index, he simulated what it would mean for the three Zones to fuse based on these Natural Force Arts. And once his analysis was complete, he was certain that he had a deeper understanding of what would happen once these Zones combined than anyone else.

"Attack!" Leonel roared.

The human and Rapax armies reacted in kind.

The weakness of a Force Art designed to be a Natural Force Art of a world was that it was likewise restricted to the strength of this world as well.

Even for Leonel, it would take a long while to destroy these Force Arts because of how large they were. They protected entire Domains, so how could Leonel hope to deal with them? Even if there were flaws, because the Force Art relied on the laws of this world, they could be easily covered for with the support of those very same laws.

As such, there was only one way to take down these Force Arts...

Power.

And for that, he needed numbers. Large numbers.

The Oryx were caught off guard by what was happening. What were these Force Arts? They had no idea. Plus, why were they so obsessed with breaking them?

This led to a lull where the Oryx were stuck in a no-man's-land. They weren't participating, but they weren't stopping the humans and Rapax either. If they fought now, it would just be for the sake of doing so.

After watching their Emperor be captured and so many of their own die, it was too difficult to muster up such courage.

The two armies began to bombard the three Force Arts, and they were quickly deteriorating. At this pace, it would be at most 30 or so minutes before they collapsed.

Leonel stood in the air, his spear laxly pointed toward the ground. He was waiting, still waiting.

It was impossible that the Barbarian Race and the Sea Gods would allow this to continue.

Although the Sea Gods were still on the battlefield, much like the Oryx, they were watching in confusion. They clearly had no idea what was happening, either. The information about all of this clearly hadn't spread. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Leonel suddenly smiled.

BOOM! A powerful aura erupted.

Talon, or rather the Sea God he was pretending to be, tore a path forward.

When he saw Leonel, his eyes widened in shock before he became absolutely furious.

He unleashed a barrage of attacks toward the Races beneath him, but Leonel's aura flickered along with his spear, dispersing them all.

"Just as weak as last time." Leonel commented indifferently.

Talon's eyes bulged, his small and large hammer appearing in his hands as he rushed toward Leonel.

BANG! BANG! BANG! The duo exchanged several blows, but Talon was forced back again and again, unable to withstand the changes. While Leonel had gained more of his strength, Talon's improvement by comparison was much slower.

This was a different in Dream Force and comprehension. This was the difference between a Wise Star Order and a normal man.

It was in his bones to document, to learn, to assimilate.

What could a Barbarian do about that?

BANG! Talon was sent flying back, crashing into the ground and leaving a crater that nearly split the Ancient Battlefield in two.

"LEONEL MORALES!"

The roar filled the skies as Talon's disguise was ripped apart.

Finally, the true Barbarian had made his appearance.