Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2858 Complacency

Every one of Leonel's words was like another knife through Talon's heart. The Barbarian knew that Leonel was only speaking so much precisely to attack his psyche, but did it matter when it was true?

He still remembered Leonel's words from back then, and right now, he was being forced to face them again without even a chance to refute.

He couldn't even feel the pain in his chest. It wasn't greater than what the Regulator had done to him. And even if it had been, it wouldn't overcome what was in his heart.

His psyche had taken a great blow and his gaze became a bit vacant.

The vitality of a Barbarian Race existence was massive, probably even more than Leonel and his Life State Vital Star Force, even when his Northern Star Lineage Factor was taken into account.

As such, definitely the blade through his chest, Talon wasn't even close to dying, but did it matter?

BANG!

At that moment, the first of the enormous Force Arts shattered to pieces. Clearly, though their battle felt fast to the two of them, it had lasted quite a while.

At the same time, Dreadmaw didn't even quite know what he was looking at.

Did a human... just beat a Barbarian? Since when was such a thing possible?

Even for the geniuses amongst geniuses of the Mortal Races, existences that managed to become Gods in the end, such a feat was too impossibly rare.

It was one thing if it was a normal Barbarian, but for such a thing to happen to a clear genius like Talon? The Rapax couldn't even wrap his head around it. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

However, these thoughts couldn't occupy his mind for long because a rush of energy began to fill the Ancient Battlefield.

A surge of Force rushed in and Anarchic Force began to clash against it to hold it back.

It had to be remembered the Zones were known as huge attractions to Invalids. Back on Earth, soon after the Metamorphosis, Leonel and Aina often had to fight off hoards of them in order to access Zones.

This was precisely because of the Force they radiated.

Sensing it now, and on such a large scale, it wasn't just Dreadmaw who was in awe, but Leonel as well.

Leonel especially began to gain a different outlook of Zones. It wasn't just that they were gathering Force, they were quite literally expelling it on an enormous scale.

Sub-Dimensional Zones might, quite literally, create Force!

The weight of such a discovery left Leonel speechless. This was huge.

But it wasn't done yet.

The cracking of the other two Force Arts was reaching a fever pitch and soon and second shattered.

BANG!

The wave of Force doubled.

Leonel's gaze flickered several times over.

He had been right. Observing these Zones was on another level entirely. He felt that his comprehension of the Incomplete World was advancing by leaps and bounds.

But he also knew that this was just the beginning.

The Force Arts were merely protecting the gateway to the Domains. The actual Zones were still within, were protected by several more Barbarians, and there was also the protective gateway around them all.

The only way forward was to destroy them all.

Leonel took a breath, suppressed Talon and then put him inside the Segmented Cube.

He wasn't in a rush to move as the third Natural Force Art was about to collapse.

There had been something that he was worried about all this time.

Why did it feel like Talon had spent such a short time in this place? He didn't seem to have had time to adapt to the Incomplete World at all.

The answer seemed obvious to Leonel.

It was an obfuscation, an attempt to pull the wool over his eyes.

Of course, the Barbarian Race wouldn't have guessed that Leonel would deal with their genius so quickly. Nor would they expect him to have Anastasia and be capable of finding their Natural Force Arts.

Ultimately, this Incomplete World was almost certainly a mission taken on by the upper echelon of the Barbarian Race.

Talon was just a junior.

Leonel was under no illusions that he would just be able to beat up some kids around his age and claim something even the Gods found valuable.

If he wanted this victory, he wouldn't have to just force Talon to take a loss...

He would have to force the Barbarian Race itself into submission.

And the kind of task that was could only be said to be on another level entirely. In fact, it might very well be asking for death.

Leonel slowly exhaled.

BANG!

The last of the Natural Force Arts shattered, and yet there was no movement at all.

Leonel watched calmly, but even after several seconds, the Barbarian Race didn't seem to have realized that their protective measures had been destroyed.

Was this possible?

Of course not. They should have known from the very moment he began to attack them.

In that case, it could only mean that they either didn't care to act, or didn't feel that it was necessary.

Taking a step back, Leonel understood why immediately. If he was in the shoes of the Barbarian Race, at first he would be worried. To them, the likelihood that the other two parties were Gods was high. Even if they were other Demi-Gods, they would have to surely be wary.

But now, one party had been exposed as Leonel, and the other was almost certain that Rapax.

Between these two, how could they be worried at all?

A pair of Mortal Races wanted to compete with them? Was that a joke?

It only made it worse that the Barbarian Race had a huge advantage after having found this Incomplete World long before anyone else.

It was natural that they were a bit complacent.

But was it truly complacency? Or was it something else entirely?

Leonel's lip quirked into a smirk.

Taking another deep breath, an odd aura started to emit from him. Deep within him, the Life tablet stirred.

Since he was stepping onto center stage, he would have to show the Barbarian Race that he didn't fear even the Gods, let alone Demi-Gods.