Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2861 Mistake

BOOM!

The entire world seemed to explode forth.

In a single instant of time, three entire Domains fused into one. The Incomplete World shuddered on its foundations and in those last moments, Leonel sent a glance toward Dreadmaw and Shadowclaw. From here on out, it would be up to them if they wanted a chance to accomplish their goals.

Then, the entire battlefield was swallowed up by a blinding light.

Leonel had known from the beginning that his odds of destroying the gateways one by one were a nigh impossible task. The Barbarian Race was too powerful, and he didn't think himself to be infallible. That had already been proven once since he entered this world.

Instead, that was just what he had told the Rapax duo. He had already felt back then that this had a good chance to succeed.

Now, everyone would be on the same playing field. Whoever stood on top at the end of this Zone would be the one to claim victory.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

And Leonel had already stacked the deck in his favor.

***

The Ancient Battlefield fell into silence as the enormous Sub-Dimensional that now took up half the Incomplete World stabilized.

A familiar Sea God beauty suddenly appeared on the battlefield, but her expression wasn't nearly so calm. A deep frown was etched into her gorgeous features as hesitation flickered in her gaze.

Sashae appeared by her mother's side, a golden tablet pressed into her bosom as she folded her arms over it.

Without a word, her mother stretched out a hand, and Sashae handed the golden tablet over.

However, after a few seconds passed, nothing happened.

This made the Sea God Empress tremble.

There was only one reason her golden tablet couldn't influence the situation of this Zone.

Life Tablet.

She hadn't known if such a tablet existed, but now that she was aware, she understood why it was that Leonel was unmoved by her daughter's use of the tablet. How could he be harmed by a tablet inferior to his own?

However, the fact that this Sea God Empress now had such information... was precisely the kind of variable that Leonel wanted to avoid.

Unfortunately, there was no other way to secure this victory.

He would just have to hope that his gains outweighed the detriment.

If not, the Human Race might truly be wiped out this time.

He had already offended his one connection to the Pluto Race in El'Rion by leading him by the nose. He had thoroughly offended the Owlans and now the Barbarian Race. It was also likely that after lying to the Rapax, he had offended them as well.

He had killed the hope of the Nomads by slaughtering their Patriarch and many more of their members, and now there was a Dream Asura on the loose that wanted nothing more than to take his head.

If the Void Race and Fallen God Beasts found out that they had led into a war by the actions of a mere human youth...

What would the result be?

***

Leonel squinted hard.

The first thing he felt was a great amount of pressure. What shocked him was the fact that this pressure was even greater than what he had experienced when he first entered the Cataclysm Zone.

But the trouble was back then he was just a young man with the foundation of a genius born in an Incomplete World. How could that compare to his current self?

He had the constitution of a Demi-God, and even if he was suppressed by about 50% now, there was simply no way that such a world should be capable of making him feel like this.

And that was when he grinned wildly.

If this Zone could make him feel like this, it meant that he had succeeded. Only if the pressure was so great could it mean that he had truly begun to pull out the hidden potential of this plane.

When he cleared it, he would almost certainly have succeeded.

But that was when Leonel cursed under his breath.

Finally, he realized why it was that he was squinting. There was a torch placed right before his eyes while the rest of the room he was in was pitch black. Without the torch, he likely wouldn't have been able to see his hand even if he placed it right before his face.

What was worse than this was the fact that he was completely naked and his arms and legs were spread out wide by chains. He hung from a wall and his wrists were already chaffing.

As for the torch before him, it was some interrogator barking at him in a language he hadn't translated quite yet.

"... What are you smirking about?!"

BANG!

A fist drove its way into Leonel's gut and he blinked speechlessly. It ached a little, and it was clear that this person hadn't held back. But he had already mobilized his Force properly when he saw it coming.

The real reason he was speechless was that he hadn't even considered that this would happen.

He had accounted for so many variables, but he focused on only the most important things. He thought that whatever situation he came across, he would be able to deal with easily enough.

And while that was true, he didn't expect to be transferred into the body of a weak Human Race youth who seemed to barely be 12 years old.

Leonel almost wanted to laugh. In fact, he did laugh, ignoring the ravings of the man before him.

This was actually a joke. He should have accounted for this. He had once been transferred into the body of a person in a Zone before. It was just that he assumed it was an anomaly.

That was a mistake, clearly.

'Still making mistakes.'

Leonel clicked his tongue.

This body might be weak, but his Force Manipulation was still there.

In addition, this wasn't a bad thing in the slightest. In fact, he wanted to laugh about how good this was.