Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2862 Wall of Text

The situation was so good that Leonel couldn't believe he had lucked into it instead of thinking of it himself.

If he was someone else's body, that meant that so was everyone else. He didn't particularly care for or fear the Rapax, but the Barbarians especially, if they were stripped of their powerful bodies, what chance did they stand against him? This was the perfect win-win-win.

Back when he, his mother, and Aina had entered a Zone like this, all three of them had been transferred into the bodies of others. This made Leonel fairly confident that everyone was dealing with the exact same situation.

In that case, what did he have to fear?

The only worry was what would happen once he left the Zone. But while he was in this Zone, wouldn't it be his playground?

"How dare you?!"

A rain of fists landed on Leonel, but he directly ignored them again. Instead, he pulled on the Life Tablet and began to pay attention to exactly what the goal of this Zone was.

This was only one of his advantages, and he would be sure to take advantage of every single one of them.

Not only that, but he would end all of this as quickly as possible, because it was the only way he could secure victory before the Barbarian Race had time to react.

[Name: Plight of the Sea Gods]

[Entry Limit: -]

[Clear Requirements: Return the Sea God Verse back to its original state]

[Side Quest: Raise up the Cloud Race]

[Side Quest: Revive the Spirituals]

[Hidden Question: Birth the Oracle and Wise Sea Order]

[Objective: The Sea God Incomplete World was meant to be the location of the rise of a new race. Until now, Existence has been too heavily skewed toward land animal. There are no God Beasts with water constitutions and there is no prominent race with such affinities either. Although there are plenty of humanoids with Water Force affinities, there cannot be said to be a Race with such capabilities.

[The reason for this is as a result of a weakness of Water Force in comparison to Earth Force in giving life to Force and allowing others to flourish. The Sea Gods were meant to be Existence's way of striking this balance and achieving a new equilibrium between the Race. Although they would just be the start, once they were established, many more would appear by their sides.

[Unfortunately, before the Sea Gods could truly flourish, they were interrupted by an unknown entity. This entity descended with a tablet and granted them unimaginable prowess and knowledge.

[Akin to giving humans fire and helping them lead themselves to their own destruction, the Sea Gods began to accelerate their own growth with this new potential they were given. Unfortunately, their paths taken were flawed and filled with trouble... the result of trying to hatch chicks before they were prepared.

[In the end, the Sea Gods harmed themselves and ended up with a fatal flaw that wasn't simple to fix at all. And it was at this point that the Barbarian Race appeared.

[Realizing that the Sea Gods had characteristics that they could use for themselves, the Barbarian Race began to assimilate and control this Race, controlling their every movement and restricting their growth from their natural path down a new one.

[In this same vein, the Cloud Race also struggled. Their Cloud Figures, capable of borrowing from the future to strengthen themselves, was incredibly enticing to the Barbarian Race as well. They were the first to fall as their methods were tweaked and assimilated by the Barbarian Race.

[It could be said that the fusion of the Cloud Race and the Human Race was the perfect balancing act, allowing the Barbarian Race to grasp the exact mutation that they needed.

[In the collateral damage were the Spirituals who the Barbarian Race attempted this assimilation with first. In truth, the assimilation with the Spiritual Race was successful. The trouble was that it made the Spirituals far too powerful and difficult to manage. As such, the Barbarian Race directly killed them all, wiping their existence from the annals of history.

[The Oryx and Sea Gods are safe for now, but only because their use has yet to run out. Steer them back toward the right path and set all to as it should be].

Leonel was floored by the wall of text. He already knew that the Life Tablet would give him far more information, but what he didn't expect was that it would blur the lines between the Zone and reality, even talking about things that happened outside of the Zone as though it were natural.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It was basically allowing Leonel to fill in the gaps for things he had no idea about. Now, he had managed to completely understand things that he could only speculate about in the past.

But what truly caught his attention was this mysterious figure that, for some reason, deposited a golden tablet within this world.

Why?

Did that mean that there was truly a fourth party involved in all of this? Was it the same party who left a Silver Tablet in the Dimensional Verse? Or was he someone else?

As he was deep in thought, a bucket of frigid water was dunked over his head.

Leonel shook his head and looked up for the first time in a while.

Before him stood a burly Cloud Race member with a tummy so large that it looked like it might burst out of the leather straps that a covered him.

"Alright, that's about enough." Leonel suddenly said.

"What did you-"

CRACK!

Leonel flexed his wrists, and the surrounding chains crumbled to pieces. He pulled at his ankles too and they too cracked and shattered.

"You-!"

Leonel punched, and the head of the guard shattered.

"[Arise]."

Leonel didn't waste any time at all, pulling the torturer's soul out of his body. He felt no need to have any sympathy for a man who would torture a child like this.