Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2865 Dilemma

BANG!

Fury burst through the surface of the water, looking toward Leonel seriously.

"Who are you?"

Leonel's response was a spear strike.

Fury's pupils constricted into pinholes, his body seizing. It felt like he was facing the simplest spear he had in his entire life, and yet it had blocked off all his paths of retreat.

He couldn't fathom how anyone could have such skill in the spear.

The Barbarian Race wasn't known for their skill to begin with. They focused on overwhelming power and used their omniscience to make up the gap.

However, that didn't mean they couldn't understand skill when they saw it..

And it also didn't mean that barbarianism wasn't its own type of skill... just in a different form.

Fury knew that he couldn't meet this strike. He immediately accelerated into a retreat.

Leonel's spear came to a stop just a meter from him, but blood still split his forehead in two, a shallow wound cracking open.

Leonel shook his head.

In truth, Leonel knew that his largest disadvantage in this world was the short time he had spent practicing.

Even back in the Dimensional Verse, he was always playing catch-up. Again and again, he came across people who had far more experience than himself.

He had only entered this world when he was 18 years old and it had been less than 10 years since then... at least in real time spent outside of Zones.

However, now he had suddenly clawed back 10 years and had spent much of the time diligently polishing his fundamentals.

On top of that, it had to be remembered that he was quite aimless for much of the time. His father hadn't given him [Final Destruction] until after his death, so he had been flying blind on his own.

So Leonel not only regained so much time, but he had done so with a better understanding of how to progress and what this world expected of him.

When these two things came to a head...

It could only be said that he had truly become a monster.

His wrist flickered again, and then again.

Fury continued to accelerate backward, trying to rush away, but every time another hole would appear in his body.

He was walked down, and every step Leonel took forward was another on his heart.

In this Zone, the advantage of humans shone so brightly it was glaring.

In exchange for their high talent, not a single one of the Barbarian Race members Leonel had come across had a Creation State Force.

And it showed.

At this point, beneath the God Realm, Leonel didn't believe that anyone without a Creation State Force could withstand more than a few blows from him.

"Since there's nothing else, just die."

Leonel had come here for a great battle, only to be disappointed greatly.

This was the drawback of his new Dream Force path, it seemed.

He had put so much effort into Respecting the Barbarian Race that it seemed he had over prepared.

But he couldn't deny that he had benefitted.

"WAIT!" Fury roared.

Leonel's spear didn't pause, piercing right through his chest and heart.

"Do you..." Fury coughed up a mouthful of blood. "... have any idea..."

Leonel pulled out his spear and chopped his head off.

He didn't feel like listening about who he had offended and what the consequences would be. He had had heard enough.

He was well aware of who he was offending.

He just didn't care.

Leonel looked down at the waters. With a stomp of his foot, the rest of the Natural Force Art was shattered and the currents of the ocean went back to normal.

'Raise up the Cloud Race is finished... Revive the Spirituals...'

Leonel shook his head and chuckled.

When he checked what the Life Tablet wanted him to do to solve the latter, he almost couldn't believe it.

He had randomly thought once before that the Spirituals and Human Race were far too similar. The difference only seemed to be a matter of soul, and it was also in large part because of this that he didn't dare to confirm what race Fox's fourth hand came from.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

But he didn't expect that he was actually right.

Reviving the Spirituals only required helping the humans to evolve. In fact, the two could be spoken of interchangeably.

When Leonel learned this, he also realized that this must be how Flaura controlled the Spiritual Race.

And for Leonel, who had personal experience in how to separate the soul from the body and use it as his strength, this Side Quest was even easier.

The Clear Requirement was just to return the Sea God Verse back to its original state, so clearing the Side and Hidden Quests would be enough to meet that bar.

This meant that there was just one task left for Leonel.

Birth the Oracle and a Wise Sea Order.

Leonel had been thinking for a long time about this Hidden Quest. Even the Life Tablet couldn't seem to give him a real answer. Well, at least not one with an answer as definitive as he had received for the others.

However, there was still a clue.

Much like the objective had said, there had never been a Water based God Beast.

Among the Northern Star Lineage Factors, there were Spatial Forces, Dark Forces, a few variant Forces...

But none of them were water.

Though Leonel thought of this, there was little he could do about it. It wasn't like he could just create a new Envoy-level beast. If he could, wouldn't he already be invincible?

In the end, there only really seemed to be one way to do this.

[Hidden Quest: Birth the Oracle and Wise Sea Order]

The answer seemed obvious. It was in its name. He had to have a child and pass on his Lineage Factor the normal way.

There didn't seem to be any other way, and it left Leonel in a dilemma.

Passing this Zone was the only way for him to gain the strength to protect his family and his friends. There was simply no other way. He couldn't afford to waste these points he had spent, and he had no ability to protect this Incomplete World for an extended period of time without first refining it into himself...

But he also had no will to betray his wife.

But how could he birth a Wise Sea Order without impregnating a Sea God?