Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2866 Sea

This dilemma had stalled Leonel for a long while. No matter what, he didn't even think of taking the easy way out.

With 20 years left, even if he didn't force a Sea Goddess to lie in his bed, it still wouldn't be difficult, not to mention leave with enough time to still try several times to birth the child that he needed.

There were certainly plenty of men who would have done it. No one ever accused Sea God women of not being exceptionally beautiful, but Leonel simply had no interest in taking such a step.

In his opinion, part of protecting his wife meant protecting her heart. That was just as important as anything else. It was the very same reason he was so enraged every time someone slighted her, even in the smallest way.

Even if he was willing to force his wife to take on such a burden, what would happen to his child? Could he just leave them in the Zone, using them like a one-way ticket to strengthen himself? What kind of man would he be then? Wouldn't this child likewise be part of his family?

There were multiple things wrong with this path.

Knowing that this path would bear no fruit, Leonel thought of many other things.

Maybe attempting to pass on his Bloodline, maybe studying his body to try to replicate the Lineage Factor, he even thought of using the replication abilities of the Cloud Race to attempt to reverse engineer the Northern Star Lineage Factor.

But each of these paths took more time and expertise than he had.

Maybe if he had Aina by his side, he could rely on her to make the attempt. But he didn't.

It was difficult enough to create a systematic method of helping the humans separate their souls from their bodies-at least one that didn't require being eaten alive like he had.

Doing this felt like a bridge much too far.

That was when Leonel realized something.

The option to impregnate a Sea Goddess only appeared because he had the Northern Star Lineage Factor to begin with. So what would someone else have done?

It had to be remembered that Hidden Quests didn't have to be cleared. In fact, neither did Side Quests.

So, technically speaking, a person wouldn't have to do anything to clear this Zone.

But what was interesting was that usually, a Sub-Dimensional Zone would have a time limit, one where the bare minimum Quests had to be cleared or else you would be trapped within forever. But according to the Life Tablet, there wasn't one for this Zone.

That meant that unless every single Quest was cleared, this Zone would never close.

Didn't that mean that unless one was a Wise Star Order like Leonel, they would never have such a chance?

And now... hadn't the Barbarian Race chosen to use the sea to break free of this impossible to clear Zone? Why was that?DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Leonel was the anomaly of this Zone...

So if he couldn't take advantage, wouldn't it be because he was simply too foolish?

If there was no Wise Sea Order, if he needed to birth an Oracle, he would just have to become the person that cleared these requirements himself.

Leonel stood high above the ocean, taking deep breaths. He closed his eyes, steadying his breath.

This was a thought he had had ten years ago, not a conclusion that he had come to now. It was just that while he had decided on what he should do, he had no idea how to execute the how.

What did it mean to be a Wise Sea Order? Why did the Barbarian Race choose to use the ocean to break through this world instead of drawing the formation in an easier manner?

The answer to the latter was obvious to Leonel. That was because the natural state of this world leaned toward Water Force. Even without the intervention of the Barbarians, the Sea Gods would be the prominent Race of this world.

However, that still didn't answer the question.

'As important as minerals and variations of Earth Force are to the body... how could it be more important than water?'

Earth Force was the anchor of Force. Its existence allowed the energies of the universe to settle down and flourish.

In that case, Water Force was the anchor of Life. Its existence allowed living beings to maintain their lives.

It was a convenient explanation, but it didn't really resonate with Leonel. It felt like he was missing something.

Why Earth and Water? Why not Fire? Why not Wind? Why not any one of the other Forces in existence?

And what was so important about Water that it deserved to be granted a Star Order title?

The Wise Star Order name was called as such, not Wise Earth Order, so why was Wise Sea Order so important?

However, what was interesting was maybe the simplest thing. Something so simple that Leonel had neglected it for a long time.

The word Sea didn't just mean water. It was perfectly defined as a body of salted water.

How did oceans and seas become salty? Wasn't it because of run-off from the Earth?

In this case, could it be that this entire time, Water Force was just a smoke screen? Could it be that this entire time, from the very start, Wise Sea Order referred to both Earth and Water?

Then what was the purpose? Why trying to create a mirror of Wise Star Order in this way?

When Leonel thought about it, the answer to this seemed obvious as well...

If the Northern Star would be the death of Existence.

Then shouldn't life be the counter to this?

He had been wondering who it was tossed a Golden Tablet in this world... it seemed that for once, this person didn't have sinister intentions.

Instead, they were seeking a path to survival for not just themselves, but the entire world.

In that case, Leonel would oblige them.

BOOM!

Leonel's eyes shot open, and the oceans began to churn wildly.