Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2869 A Little Longer

"Oh, hello."

Leonel looked at the two Barbarians and smiled. They were completely taken aback by his reaction.

Leonel didn't even look like he understood who they were. He was just holding onto his wife and grinning at them.

In an instant, Leonel had already seen through these two. Not only could he use the Life Tablet to understand their Lineage Factors and Ability Indexes, but he could also very clearly feel their Force Manipulation level.

Both only had Quasi Creation State Forces. He wouldn't have taken them very seriously even before he broke into the Sixth Dimension, let alone now.

What was curious, though, was their Ability Index.

The two seemed to be twins and had a rare Ability Index that linked the two of them together. This amplified their strength and allowed their battle capabilities to increase exponentially.

As such, it would be inappropriate to look at them simply by their Quasi Creation State Forces. Together, they were no weaker than a Ninth Dimensional expert with a true Creation State Force.

But this was just one aspect of their strength. The increase to their Force Manipulation was only one matter.

Whether it was their Lineage Factor, techniques, or anything else, they were all amplified several times over.

It could be said that they were approaching the strength of the Ancestors of the Barbarian Race.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Of course, they were still quite a distance away from that level. But they were certainly established elders.

Leonel was able to see through all of this in a single glance, and he didn't even have to exchange a single fist.

This was due to a combination of his new Wise Sea Order status and the Life Tablet. The world was his oyster.

"... You are Leonel Morales."

"I am."

Leonel nodded. There was no point in trying to hide it since things had reached this point.

"Are you aware of what you've done?"

"Do I look like a fool to you?"

"Yes!" The burly Barbarian roared.

His voice powered through. If a normal existence stood between them, they would have been shattered to pieces.

And yet, it only blew Leonel's hair back.

"Hey, hey. You're so noisy. Can't you see I'm trying to enjoy a moment with my wife?"

The pupils of the two constricted. How could a human be unmoved by a roar of theirs?

"Also, calling me a fool when you should know that your nephew is in my possession... is a little bit ironic, don't you think?"

Aina hadn't just been training all this time. Or, more accurately, it could be said that her methods of training weren't all related to silent meditation.

In the Segmented Cube, there were the bodies of two Demi-Gods, and after her experience with dissecting a Sea God corpse, she realized that there was another way for her to progress.

Talon provided a unique opportunity for research because the clairvoyance and omniscience of the Barbarian Race were very similar to Aina's own abilities.

While she did this, she conveniently found out a great deal of information from Talon which she had given to Leonel after he existed.

"You-!"

"You know, I thought more of the Barbarian Race. But your geniuses aren't very strong, and it seems your elders aren't very smart as well.

"I heard that there's an Ancestor of your Race in love with a little boy like Talon? Don't you think that's a bit weird? Haven't you heard of grooming?"

The Barbarian Race men blinked in confusion. They didn't have a word for what Leonel was talking about, but hearing Aina have to stifle a laugh, they were instantly infuriated. Even the more level-headed between the two still felt like ripping Leonel's head off his shoulders.

"I wonder. If Talon dies, what will happen to the two of you?"

Their expressions darkened, and they fell into silence.

"If Talon dies, what will happen to you?" Talon's skinny uncle asked in a rumbling voice.

"I've offended far stronger people. I'm not moved."

They sneered. "Then why are you speaking so much?"

"Why? Because I want to hold my wife for a little longer and didn't want to have to fight just yet."

Leonel sighed and finally released Aina's waist.

He pulled out a spear. It was simple and wooden. Even the blade was formed on an equally simple iron spear.

And yet, the two couldn't take their eyes off of it.

Aina pouted. "You're not going to let me fight? It's been so long."

"You want to?" Leonel asked. "I don't really mind. If anything, I've been doing too much fighting, though they were a bit weak."

"No, you go," Aina said after a while, a mysterious smile spreading across her face.

Seeing the look in her eye, Leonel's blood boiled.

Ten years... the only way that Leonel could describe it was that his balls were truly too heavy right now.

He looked away. It wouldn't be a good look if he entered battle with a raging boner.

"Old grannies! Piles of shit! Cradle-robbing Ancestors who target babies of their Race!"

Leonel began to chant, and if at first, the Barbarian Race men were confused, the last line completely infuriated them.

"I'll kill him!"

The burly uncle rushed toward Leonel. He didn't even pull out a weapon, punching out with a momentum that could shatter the world.

Leonel smiled and pierced out just a single time.

Fist and blade tip met, but there was no sound at all.

Aside from a puff of wind, everything was silent. It was like the both of them were just sparring and had had no plans to harm each other at all.

Suddenly, the burly Barbarian hurriedly retreated.

He looked at his fist in shock.

There was nothing on it but a small dot of blood, but it was precisely this that shocked him so much.

"You... how..."

A Sixth Dimensional expert had done this to him? How was such a thing even possible?

Leonel swung out his spear and tapped it at the air, causing ripples to spread out like a once calm lake.

"Come together. Don't waste my time."