Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2872 Stalling?

The imposing aura Leonel was releasing was resonating and suffocating. Even from such a far-off distance, Annalysia could feel it with impossible clarity.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He realized that no matter how young they were, underestimating a Creation State Dream Master was a fool's errand.

When she had received the information from Wise Sea Order, she had thought that it was a joke. The implication was absolutely ridiculous, and even going back to review the footage of the Gathering of Minds, she still had no idea how Leonel had managed to pull it off.

What it also proved to her was that Leonel wasn't nearly as impulsive as he had made himself seem. In fact, it was almost too obvious that his recklessness was just a persona he used to lower the guards of others.

He had been forced to defend the Vast Dream Pavilion or else the Human Race would lose its last line of protection, and this proved to be fruitful as it was only because of the Dream Pavilion that the last Human Bubble was currently under heavy protection.

But had he not been forced into the spotlight like this... what would have happened? How would he have grown? Would any of them even be able to react by the time he could already stand tall on his own?

No... that was the wrong way to think about it because he was already standing tall.

Wasn't that exactly what he was doing here?

A Creation State Force... at not even 30 years old...

There were no more than five such individuals that she knew of who could accomplish such a thing, and every one of them was a Demi-God. Such existences didn't have the right to appear in Mortal Races. As for those above the Demi-God Races, Annalysia simply didn't have the right to know.

"Then how about we let cooler minds prevail?" Annalysia said after a long while. The edge to her voice wasn't completely gone, but the two Barbarian Race men were taken aback that she had actually taken the initiative to yield slightly.

Leonel sneered inwardly, but a smile still surfaced on his face.

"This is, of course, what I would prefer as well. There's no need for us to be at loggerheads."

"Then will you return the Incomplete World and my husband to us?"

"That much is already impossible. However," Leonel continued before Annalysia's temper could flare up once again, "that doesn't mean that I cannot help you."

"... How?"

She really wanted to ask how Leonel could possibly hope to help out their Race when he was so weak, but she refrained... because it would mostly be out of anger rather than truth.

He had already done so much she couldn't explain. Who was to say that he couldn't do it again?

Leonel chuckled. "Aren't I better than any 'Wise Sea Order'."

Leonel didn't feel the need to tell them that he, too, had become a Wise Sea Order. His status as a Wise Star Order was more than enough.

The difference between him and Sashae's mother was that she was a Wise Sea Order and a Wise Sea Order alone. However, Leonel had assimilated both Sea and Star, forming the perfect soul constitution.

"You would be willing to come and follow all of our orders?" Annalysia sneered.

She was right. The reason the Sea God Empress was so convenient was that they could maintain perfect control over her. While on the other hand, because they were in an Incomplete World, they could tweak and change things with greater ease.

Without these two variables, it would be very difficult to accomplish the same things.

And how could Leonel be willing to be under their control? Even if he did, that would only make them even more wary.

"It's a lot easier than you think," Leonel chuckled. "Unlike your Wise Sea Order, I can do more. I can even find you a second Incomplete World and reconstruct these exact same circumstances for you."

Of course, this was only a new ability that Leonel gained. Between his Creation State Dream Force and the Life Tablet, scanning large areas and finding pockets of abnormal Dream Force was easy.

You would probably have to enter the God Realms to find someone better at finding Incomplete Worlds than himself now. And even then, you'd be hard-pressed.

And, of course, telling Annalysia this was definitely a risk.

But it was one he was willing to take.

Because he had the capital to do so now.

"... Let's say I believe you. Why would we go through all this trouble?"

"For one, it's hardly trouble. It would take me at most a year to do this for you. Plus, like I said, I'm better than your Wise Sea Order. Let alone putting it back in the same state, I can make it better. Or..."

"Or?" Annalysia frowned.

Leonel grinned. "Or we don't have to waste our time with any of this shit. If I'm the greatest Crafting talent in Existence, then my wife is the best Force Pill Crafting Talent Existence.

"If you give her two years, she can raise the constitution of your husband to the God Realms. Then we can revisit this."

The pupils of the two Barbarian Race men shrank and Annalysia's consciousness clearly shuddered.

"... You're stalling."

Who hadn't seen Aina's poor Force Pill Crafting performance? It sounded like Leonel was just trying to stall for two years.

However, considering her tone, it was already obvious to Leonel that she believed it, or else she wouldn't sound so unsure.

"Wife, it seems like they want to see something," Leonel looked toward Aina with a grin.

Aina rolled her eyes but still stretched out a hand. The globules and mists of blood that had spread from the two men suddenly surged toward her.

They formed a rotating rose that slowly closed its petals. After just a few seconds, the layers of the rose began to unfurl.

In a beautiful display, a pill took shape at the center, glistening with runes as the rest of the rose wilted to ash.