Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2873 Mutation

Leonel held Aina's hand as they walked through the void. The meeting with the Barbarian Race had already ended, and Leonel had managed to buy himself the remaining two years.

Originally, he didn't want to take this step. He had no desire to help out the Barbarian Race so much. But two things had changed this situation.

First, what Annalysia revealed about Talon and second, Aina's strength.

Leonel hadn't been thinking much about it, but he should have known that he wouldn't be the only one improving during this time.

Right now, it was hard to tell which among the two of them was stronger, and that was precisely enough for Leonel to take this sort of step.

Together, the two of them could handle this.

But more importantly than that... Talon was a weakness.

Talon didn't say that Annalysia was his wife, but only because he wasn't yet aware of this. All he knew was that this Ancestor was very fond of him. He had yet to reawaken his previous skill and memories.

It seemed like a foolish mistake for Annalysia to reveal this, but Leonel understood. Wasn't it just love? Would he take any chances if Aina were in the same situation? Would Aina if it was the vice versa?

It was also a subtle warning to Leonel as well to not do anything to Talon that was beyond the point of no return, or else nothing would be able to stop her view.

As strong as Leonel had become, he wasn't yet prepared to deal with such an Ancestor level character. Such existences often had high level Creation State Forces, and a rare few might even have Dharmas, only a few steps from forming Idols and becoming real Gods.

The fact that Talon was important to her already couldn't be hidden. Leaving no doubt about the degree to which he was could only help her at that point.

When Leonel considered these things, he realized something.

The ability to find and change Incomplete Worlds was even more important to them now than Aina's Force Pill Crafting.

That was because there had been a huge change inside of Leonel...

When he was breaking into the Sixth Dimension, he had chosen to take the World Spirits of the Sea God Verse to complete the Fifth Dimension.

It had to be remembered that the requirement for the Fifth Dimension was to absorb a World Spirit with God Realm potential per tier.

Leonel had skipped that by making use of the World Spirits of the Sea God Verse after he had perfected them, thinking the result would be the same.

The good news was that he was correct in part. He was definitely in the Sixth Dimension right now.

The better news... or the worst news, depending on how you chose to look at it, was that he wasn't entirely correct.

There was a change to the Dimensional method.

Instead of accepting a World Spirit per Tier, his Destruction World had expanded and seemed to want to accept an Incomplete World per Tier.

Leonel was stunned by this change, especially since he was already in the Sixth Dimension.

This mutation seemed to mean that he could continue to progress through the Dimensions while also being able to add to his foundation whenever he wanted without having to return to the Fifth Dimension.

The most shocking part about this was that every time Leonel absorbed an Incomplete World with God Realm potential, his entire foundation would be revamped and his strength would take a huge leap forward.

Leonel could already feel that if he managed to absorb a second Incomplete World, his body would no longer be a limiting factor to using his Force Manipulation.

That meant that he would be able to use the full brunt of a Creation State Force even as a Sixth Dimensional existence.

This was a shocking change and one that even Leonel's father hadn't seen coming.

No, it wasn't that Velasco hadn't seen it coming, but even he had some sense of propriety.

His asks of Leonel were already ridiculous. If he wanted his son to also absorb 10 Incomplete Worlds, one for each of the Nodes he had formed, he would be sending him off to death... as though he hadn't been already.

What Velasco hadn't predicted was the existence of the Life Tablet and Wise Sea Order's helping Leonel to find usually impossible to find Incomplete Worlds.

Of course, finding Incomplete Worlds would be the easy part. Finding ones that he could probably mold to fit his future path was another matter entirely.

However, Leonel was entirely unworried.

This trip had been so troublesome because he needed to face off against a Demi-God Race. But now that he could find Incomplete Worlds that hadn't been interfered with, would he even still have to deal with the same issues?

So what if he ran into an Incomplete World that wasn't perfect? He would just go to another. And if it was only close enough... didn't he have the Life Tablet to mold it?

Leonel felt that with these last two years of time he had bought himself, he would be able to find at least one more Incomplete World that fit his requirements.

Then the question remained...

Why had Leonel mentioned that he could find Incomplete Worlds at all? Why did he reveal both of his trump cards to Annalysia if he was only going to have Aina step forward?

Of course, he had his reasons.

The last time he "revealed" something he shouldn't have, he forced a certain Dream Asura into a dead end. Even now, she was either dead or still running for her life.

How could he slip up?

The best part about all of this wasn't just that he had his wife's hand in his own and he felt as light as air...

But what he had seen when for the requirements to enter the Seventh Dimension of [Final Destruction].

He had been worried, especially since he mutated the technique. Who knew what he would have to do now?

But it was so simple he couldn't help but laugh.

[Elevate all Forces to the Higher Life State]

[Comprehend Gold Constellation Realm]DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

[Comprehend Gold True Destruction Sovereignty]

[Comprehend Gold True Dream Sovereignty]

[Good luck gathering enough energy, Seed]

Leonel chuckled and shook his head. Good luck, indeed. He probably needed an astronomical amount of energy now to step forward even one Tier. If he absorbed more Incomplete Worlds, it would only get worse.

But he should have known.

Everyone up to the Sixth Dimension was laying a foundation and in the Sixth, that was when you would choose your Path. That was how things had worked back in the Void Palace, and though he hadn't double-checked in this world, it should be how things worked here as well.

After reaching the Sixth Dimension, his father didn't have any other ridiculous requirements for him outside of Comprehension, and that was a huge sigh of relief.

Now, he could finally press his foot to the gas.

"We're here," Leonel suddenly said. He looked down below and smiled. "Traveling through the void sure is convenient."

Down below, there wasn't an Incomplete World. No, this was a very familiar Spiritual Bubble.

He wouldn't be Leonel Morales if he didn't take advantage of the fact he now knew the secret of the Spirituals, now would he?