Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2874 Good

Leonel was hit by a wave of nostalgia when he entered the Ma'at Bubble for the first time in so long. Even if it wasn't for the fact it had been 10 years inside the Zone, it had still been over a year in the outside world.

But with that realization came a reminder of a memory that still filled him with fury.

He hadn't forgotten how the Spirituals had tried to use his wife as the fall-guy for their issues.

He wasn't sure what had happened since then...

But he also didn't give a damn.

This time, he didn't hide his presence. Instead, he strolled into Spiritual territory boldly.

BANG!

Leonel stretched out a foot and shattered the gates to the Spiritual Race palace.

He was too fast, and his actions were too sudden. No one could have expected that a human would appear here and cause trouble to this level and fashion.

Although it had been a year, too many knew the fact of Leonel and Aina. When they understood who it was had appeared, they were even more shocked.

"HALT!"

Leonel didn't even bring out his spear. He punched out several times and a silence fell. There were no whistling winds, no claps of thunder. It was like his fist wind had suddenly teleported across space, appearing before the chests of the Spirituals and shattering their chests.

The guards fell one after another, not a single one managing to withstand even a single fist.

Emberheart City was thrown into chaos. No one could have expected for something like this to happen.

The Spiritual Race was unlike the secluded Dwarven Race. They were so confident in their power that they didn't put up barriers to anyone coming to their worlds and usually there was only a minor check for fierce criminals, but nothing else.

How could they expect a terrorist to suddenly appear like this?

The Emberheart Knights were mobilized swiftly. Leonel could only chuckle while nodding in appreciation. Despite so many years of peace, it seemed that they were still sharp.

Unfortunately, they were too weak. It seemed that they still weren't taking him very seriously.

The armies of crimson-armored men looked powerful and imposing, and they even seemed to have treasures capable of allowing their powers to resonate, but too many of them were in the Seventh and Eighth Dimensions, the best only had Impetus Forces. And while their cooperative Force Art seemed powerful enough to allow them to face off against Life State, Ninth Dimensional existence...

Who were they facing, exactly?

Leonel saw through the flaw in the formation before it was even formed. The Force Arts in their armor couldn't hide from his eyes.

With a single fist, the quickly forming cauldron in the skies shattered into countless pieces. The shards fell from the skies, and the backlash cracked their armor, causing their Force to flow in reverse.

Every one of the Knights spit up a mouthful of blood and fainted, their Nodal Pathways almost shattering completely.

This was something that rarely happened, but in a situation where a Force Art was linking the power of so many, these knights had had no option but to open themselves up to this sort of backlash.

Usually, things would never go so poorly, but facing Leonel who had grasped their weakness perfectly, and attacked at an opportunity that was just as perfect, what chance did they stand?

Every troop of knights that tried to stop Leonel and Aina found themselves in the exact same situation.

The later groups had already activated their formation and cauldrons of blazing flames filled the skies, and yet the difference was little. With just as much ease, Leonel crushed them. If there was any difference at all, it was that he had to put a little bit more power into it.

"It's you-!"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Leonel looked up and saw a familiar human. It was the very same man who had overseen the previous farce. Honestly, Leonel couldn't be bothered to retrieve his name from his memories.

He simply took another step, his wife's soft hand in his left, and his right balled into a fist.

The wind rumbled once again, but just like every time before, there wasn't a single sound.

His arm became like his spear.

BANG!

This time, there was a sound. It didn't come from Leonel, but rather from the collision. To his surprise, the old man had managed to fight back a bit...

Sort of.

The old warrior was sent flying into the distance, his armor shattering and blood erupting from him like a geyser.

Leonel shook his head and indifferently continued to move forward.

As expected, it was only a matter of time before the truly powerful existences were alerted. And Leonel finally came across the existence he most wanted to see.

"Leonel Morales?!"

Lord Emberheart stood in the air, his eyes flickering with shock.

He couldn't believe that it was actually Leonel. Although he knew that he had offended Leonel, he never really took it seriously, especially after his wife had already defeated Leonel in the Challenge Sequence.

Even if there would be consequences, it certainly wouldn't be so soon. How long had it been? A little over a year?

Lord Emberheart's expression became malevolent after he understood what was going on. He looked toward the half-crippled knights and his expression flickered, but he still felt it was acceptable. Leonel had already proven his talent as a Crafter.

However, whether his actual power could live up to that was another matter entirely.

"Good." Leonel suddenly said.

Lord Emberheart didn't know why, but when he heard this word, he trembled from his head to the tip of his toes.

Looking into Leonel's eyes, he saw the rage of a man who had been suppressing himself for far too long.

Leonel took a step into the air, patting his wife's shoulder and leaving her on the ground. Golden steps bloomed beneath his feet and soon he stood on the same level as the Emberheart Lord.