Chapter 2877 Amazing

This was the second time in Leonel's life that he had lost a spear like this. Each one came from a memory that he would always remember, and both times were due to his negligence.

This wooden spear wasn't a powerful spear. It wasn't even of the Black Grade. But it had followed him for ten years and had seen a great many things. It was actually the spear that had followed him for the longest time of them all.

Leonel wasn't a sentimental person, he just didn't like the feeling of losing something he hadn't wanted to lose.

He didn't move as the spear burned away. It was as though he couldn't sense Lady Emberheart accumulating power.

Suddenly, he took a breath and sighed.

The world fell into silence as he grabbed out.

Scarlet Star Force and Emulation Spatial Force took shape.

A magnificent spear was born into the world. The winds howled, and the sun seemed to shine even brighter than normal.

Runes began to appear like dancing butterflies and fairies.

When Leonel clutched it, a spear howl filled the skies.

Leonel spun his spear just a single time, and the flames in the surroundings vanished like a wisp of smoke.

Lady Emberheart was instantly exposed. Amidst the ribbons and flames, she met Leonel's gaze, and a cold shiver sprung up her spine.

Leonel vanished and appeared before her. Lady Emberheart felt the sharpness of the spear before it even landed. It felt like a knife was already pressing against her throat.

She tried to mobilize her Emberheart Force, but it didn't listen.

She pulled on her Dream Force, but a Crown appeared above Leonel's head and it was as though she was forced to bow her head before a Sovereign.

They suddenly exploded into a flurry of exchanges. Every one of Leonel's strikes felt like it was aimed at a vital point, and every step along the way, Lady Emberheart felt like a single mistake would end her life.

Leonel thrust out his spear thrice, and Lady Emberheart's ribbons rushed to meet them. But in a twist of time, they seemed to fuse into one, becoming a sweep instead.

Lady Emberheart's ribbons were swept to the side as a fourth thrust appeared before her throat.

She hurried retreated, trying to grasp everything with her Dream Force, but it was as though Leonel could see through everything at once.

The spear blade vanished through space and appeared at the back of her neck instead.

Lady Emberheart was forced to reel forward, laying her body horizontally across the air and twisting her waist. Her ribbons spun along with her body, creating an all-out defense that rebounding against Leonel's spear strike.

Leonel retracted his spear and his figure trembled just once, his power concentrating and his Force surging.

[Universe].

The speed of Lady Emberheart's spin was suddenly slowed considerably and the danger she posed was likewise weakened.

Leonel calmly took a step back out of the way, his spear thrusting out again.

This time, it seemed to multiple dozens of times over, his blade appearing everywhere in and around the spinning woman, and each one was targeted right at a gap.

The ribbons snapped close.

CHING! CHING! CHING!

Sparks flew and Lady Emberheart accelerated again, trying to drive her human drill right through Leonel's chest.

With a step, Leonel vanished and appeared high above her. However, in Lady Emberheart's senses, it was as though he was still standing right there.

Little Tolly flourished to life on Leonel's arms and suddenly and armor appeared over him that shook the world.

Leonel spun in the air horizontally along with Lady Emberheart and swiped out with his spear.

BANG!

Lady Emberheart was sent flying downward, but Leonel wasn't done yet.

Natural Force Arts bloomed as the wiggling tendrils of silver-gold all over Leonel's body.

Nine magic circles suddenly appeared in the air all at once. The smallest was in front of Leonel, and the largest was before Lady Emberheart and her quickly descending figure.

Leonel calmly looked down as she fell like a meteor.

Then he thrust out just a single time.

His spear blade pierced through the first magic circle and that was when those watching saw a scene they would never forget.

It started as a small trickle, but then it passed through the second Force Art and became larger... then the third and became even larger.

Suddenly, the beam accelerated, and it passed through each subsequent magic circle like a gushing geyser.

Lady Emberheart looked up as she fell and her heart turned hollow.

The golden beam of light had grown so large that it could swallow up an entire city.

There was nowhere to dodge, nowhere to evade. The only saving grace was that the battle had moved far enough that they were no longer above the city.

Her body was swallowed up whole.

BOOM!

Leonel stood in the skies, taking deep breaths.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He had completely suppressed her, but that was because he relied on his Ability Index, and he happened to perfectly counter her. Her flames were almost useless against him and her strongest Force, Dream Force, was also worthless to him as well. Everything was under his control from start to finish.

But that belied the effort it had taken.

If he was honest, he truly hadn't expected for the Spirituals to have such a powerful existence. Well, at least not one that was outside their known Ancestors.

The beam of light slowly cleared and Lady Emberheart lay in a crater, beaten and battered, with not the strength even to raise a hand.

Leonel could sense several auras rushing at him from the distance, but he just waved a hand.

Lady Emberheart's throat practically teleported into his hand.

Standing here in the skies, spear in one hand and Creation State Ninth Dimensional existence in another, he seemed lofty and untouchable.

Leonel raised his head and laughed to the skies. He had been suppressing himself for far too long.

This felt amazing.