Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2878 Good

Leonel stood high in the skies, laughing so loudly his voice boomed across the Ma'at Bubble. He could sense the auras coming, but he didn't seem to care in the slightest. It was as though he had no limits.

But then he suddenly cleared his throat.

"Wife!"

Those watching from the sidelines couldn't help but be speechless. What happened to his imposing bearing? What happened to the arrogance that rose to the skies? What happened to the will to pierce through all things?

Aina suddenly appeared by Leonel's side, barely stifling a laugh.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Leonel wrapped an arm around her shoulders and leaned on her. His Divine Armor disappeared, and he touched the back of his hand to his forehead.

"I don't think I'm going to make it," Leonel said exaggeratedly. "Let me put a baby in your first so that you'll always remember me."

Aina's laughter couldn't be held back at this point.

Down below, there were a few poor souls that had tried to surround her to threaten Leonel. Half of them were dead, as Aina clearly wasn't nearly as merciful as Leonel was.

In truth, they could have been considered to have gotten off lucky. Had Leonel had the bandwidth to pay attention, just for their intention alone, he would have done something far worse than just slaughter them.

It had to be remembered that all of this started only because the Spirituals dared to slander Leonel. What would he have done if he had seen this?

Although he was tired, he wasn't tired to the point of being helpless. Not by any stretch of the imagination.

If he had to, let alone just heavily injuring the Emberheart Lord and Lady, he could directly kill them.

BANG!

The air exploded as several elders appeared in the skies.

Leonel's gaze narrowed when he saw them.

Indeed, the Spirituals had a great secret. Although there were only three of them, every single one had Higher Creation State comprehension.

This most definitely wasn't normal. In fact, it was almost certainly the case that only the Spirituals could boast such a thing.

And Leonel was almost certain that this was still just the tip of the iceberg. There were certainly even stronger existences hidden in their depths.

Interesting. Truly interesting.

"Child, you are far too unruly!"

An old man with a long, wispy reddish grey beard roared in fury. His eyes seemed to contain exploding galaxies.

Leonel looked him in the eyes and chuckled.

"Do something about it then, old man."

That seemed to be the final straw. The old man roared and was about to attack, but he was stopped by a man who looked identical to himself.

"If you have vented your fury, you can go now," the second man said softly.

"Oh?" Leonel smiled. "You're not worried about me coming next year?"

The second old man's brows furrowed.

"If you come next year, we will not show as much mercy."

Leonel fell into silence, and he suddenly stood up straight. At that moment, his "fatigue" seemed to have vanished entirely.

His gaze flashed with a blue light and Quasi Creation State Vital Star Force filled him with so much vitality it seemed like he wasn't just healing, but rather giving, adding years to his life.

All three elders felt their hearts shake when they heard this.

Leonel grabbed at the air, and wisps of Spear Force began to form. They were just small arcs of light, looking like fireflies fluttering in the day, and yet the entire Ma'at Bubble began to tremble.

A large golden bracelet began to take shape around Leonel's wrists as his hair whipped around wildly in the air.

Fear began to grip the hearts of the Spiritual elders.

"Mercy?" Leonel asked.

He suddenly clenched his fist, and space shattered. A wild array of fragmented pieces of void took shape around Leonel. It seemed that the closer the Spear Force got to forming, the more destruction there was in the surroundings. It felt that if Leonel went as far as to fully form it, the entire Ma'at Bubble would shatter.

At that moment, Lady Emberheart, who was still struggling on the ground, felt a fear grip her heart. Her expressions changed when she realized that it wasn't coming from her, but from the World Spirit of their world.

This fear and trepidation gripped the hearts. It seemed that Leonel could really destroy their Bubble whenever he wanted.

A Bubble was the foundation of a Race. Its World Spirit was perfectly curated to their Race and their path. There were probably very few Bubbles that were worthy of helping one to progress along the Emberheart Path.

Even if Leonel didn't kill anyone else, just destroying their Bubble alone would be far too great a blow. Plus, how could destroying a Bubble not come with drastic consequences? More than 99% of their population wouldn't survive such a thing.

The closer the Spear Force came to condensing, the more devastating the feeling of despair and destruction became. The elders felt that they couldn't even get close without being shredded to pieces.

How could they even fight back against this sort of Force? Was this a legendary Dharma? Wasn't that the only explanation for what they were seeing here?

"Wait! Wait!" The second elder called out in a panic. "Our Ma'at Bubble will formally apologize to the Human Race and the Morales family for our folly!"

The feeling suddenly vanished and the wisps of Spear Force flickered into the distance, destroying mountains and razing down land for hundreds of kilometers.

The World Spirit of their world groaned and cried out in pain, a reality that shocked them to their core. A normal amount of destruction could never cause the World Spirit to react like this.

Their hearts trembled in terror as they looked at Leonel. How could one young man be such a monster?

"Good." Leonel pulled his hand back, concealing its trembling and pain. "Why didn't you just say so from the beginning?"