Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2879 True Monsters

The elder with the wispy beard almost lashed out when he heard Leonel say this, but he just barely managed to restrain himself. If he really went so far after what he had seen, he would practically be cosigning the entire Ma'at Bubble to death.

How could they know that it was mostly just a bluff?

'It's still so difficult...'FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Leonel shook his head inwardly. It seemed that he would really have to find a second Incomplete World, maybe even a third before he could use his Weapon Forces without feeling like the world was collapsing.

The truth was that the aftereffects of this world crumbling were just a product of poor control. Of course, just having poor control wouldn't lead to this, or else all Forces would be so dangerous.

Instead, it was clear that this was only possible because of how strong the Spear Force was to begin with.

Honestly, it was a bit annoying to Leonel. How could he comprehend something that he couldn't control?

In the past, it made sense because his Innate Node wasn't something that he had personally comprehended, and unlike others, his had been taken at birth so he hadn't been able to grow acclimated to it.

But this time, the issue was that his body was far too weak to withstand it at all.

This wasn't entirely the fault of the Force. Even so many years later, his Spear Force was still greatly unsatisfied that Leonel had forced it to make room for his Bow Force at the same time.

It was the clashing of these two that had led to this problem and ultimately shot himself in the foot like he had.

There wasn't much that Leonel could do about this until he had the body to withstand it all.

Of course, he could still forcefully summon it if he really went all out. But the question was how long he could sustain it for and what kind of backlash his body would face without it.

But now that all of his Forces were at the Quasi Creation State, and his Dream Force was at the Creation State itself, it was only a matter of time.

Just like his father had said, he just needed an obscene amount of energy to progress in his Dimensional Path.

"Now that we've come to an understanding, shall we?"

The elders looked toward Leonel in confusion.

"Don't look at me like that," Leonel said with a smile. "We can start our cooperation now. Let's go."

Leonel strolled past the elders, and when they realized where he was headed, they couldn't help but turn livid.

However, in the end, they forced themselves to calm down.

Soon, they had entered a hidden world dancing in flames. Several more elders of the Spiritual Race were located in this place, and as expected, so many of them had Creation State Forces that Leonel couldn't help but shake his head.

Something about this was certainly fishy.

However, Leonel believed that he had put it all together after observing for long enough.

He had already realized that the advantage of Humans seemed to be that they weren't as restricted as other Races in comprehending Forces. Higher tier Races seemed to exchange comprehension ability for raw ability. This was why so many could battle Leonel despite him having much greater Force Manipulation, because Force Manipulation alone wasn't enough.

But why was it that the Spirituals, who descended from Humans, didn't seem to have the same advantage?

After some thought, the answer came to him.

They had mutated and separated their soul from their bodies.

If Leonel was correct, the only way for them to access the original talent of humans was by reaching perfection in the Life State, or in other words, comprehend a Force to the pinnacle of the Second Dimension... precisely the location where the soul resided.

Once they reached this level, the floodgates would open and their blocked up comprehension would soar by leaps and bounds.

This was why Lady Emberheart was able to reach the Middle Creation State in just a year.

Just like Lady Emberheart had said, the moment she managed to reach the Quasi Creation State was the moment she would truly flourish. She had confidence in becoming a God within ten years.

Leonel hadn't been there when she said such a thing, obviously, because she had only thought it to herself.

But after just a few moments, he had deduced it all on his own.

All of this said, it was also clear that not all Spirituals would be able to soar to Godhood the moment they touched the border of the Creation State. There were still clearly striations in talent and they weren't all so perfect.

However, those that could touch this level at a relatively young age and still have potential left over like Lady Emberheart were practically guaranteed to form a Dharma.

This was the secret of the Spiritual Race, and it was something that made Leonel's eyes twinkle because even he didn't expect such a thing.

As of now, what was clear was that the strongest of the Spirituals only had Higher Creation State Forces. Lady Emberheart should be the first God they could produce in a while. Her husband would likely be the second so long as he lived up to his potential, but he was still centuries away.

The trouble was that what divided the upper echelon of the Spirituals wasn't just Force Manipulation, but rather the quantity.

These three elders following after Leonel only had one Higher Creation State Force.

However, deep within their territory, Leonel had already sensed two slumbering monsters.

Both of them had two Higher Creation State Forces. Dream Force and Emberheart Force.

Not only this, but if the technique Lady Emberheart used to bolster her Emberheart Force was used by them, it was likely that they could display power exceeding this level and comparable to the Peak Creation State.

Indeed, the Spirituals were hiding a few true monsters.