Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2883 Cold

Leonel's steps suddenly paused, and his eyes narrowed.

"What's wrong?" Aina asked.

"Someone is targeting me," Leonel spoke after a long while.

Aina's gaze narrowed as well. There were plenty of people likely talking about Leonel all the time, many of whom had killing intent. For Leonel to care enough to bring it up now...

Before Leonel had entered the Creation State, he already had vague inklings when things were going to happen. But nothing could compare to now.

Was this how Dream Force experts felt? No, was this how the likes of the Demoness felt?

It wasn't just the Creation State Force that was helping, but his Wise Sea Order status.

He could feel a palpable killing intent.

Leonel stopped walking and closed his eyes.

Aina didn't say anything and just waited patiently.

...

"Speak," Shan'Rae said, looking toward the kneeling Void Race member.

"Leonel Morales, as far as I'm aware, is a Human. He would not be in the Demi-God worlds, but rather the Mortal worlds."

Shan'Rae frowned.

She didn't like the sound of that at all.

As someone who spent most of her life in the God Realms, she never really considered the lower worlds at all, nor did she really know the difference. They were all the same to her.

Well, if Leonel knew of her thoughts, he wouldn't call her ignorant, he would just call her a foolish woman with a few screws loose.

How could you descend into an Incomplete World without knowing the difference between tiers of worlds? Clearly, she was all brawn and no brain. He might even say that her chest took up all her brain mass, but with how Void Race women looked, it was hard to tell if they had any curves at all.

Of course, the Void Race members here didn't dare to say such a thing. In fact, they all thought her to be amazing for having such thoughts.

To them, this was the bearing of a real expert. Only the God Realm was in her purview.

Still, Shan'Rae was annoyed. She had thought that she would be able to deal with Leonel swiftly, only to find out they still weren't even in the same stratosphere. Wasn't it a huge loss of face for her to even be concerned with him?

"If young miss has the time, I have information here that might be of some use. There is a Dream Asura that released information about the location of the Human Bubble over a year ago now.

"However, the Bubble is currently protected by a powerful barrier. Young miss will have to go prepared if you want to break it. It is said that the Humans exchanged it from the Dream Pavilion."

Shan'Rae nodded. "Give me the location. What is your name?"

The Void Race member seemed excited. However, just as he was about to speak, a sudden looming presence appeared over the battlefield.

They all froze at once.

They were all Gods and were, as such, very knowledgeable... especially about the abilities of powerful existences.

"Oh, so it's you. I was wondering who was speaking my name so candidly."

A pair of eyes appeared in the skies, radiating a violet majesty.

"It's the little fool of the Void Race."

The entire world seemed to freeze over.

Shan'Rae's rage flared up. When she saw the eyes and heard the voice, how could she not recognize Leonel?

What she didn't understand was how he had become strong enough to accomplish such a thing. The last time she saw him, he didn't even have an Impetus State Force? What the hell was this?

"Since you're already on the battlefield I'm coming to, wait there patiently. I'll be there in six months. We'll see if you're still the same loser your ancestor is."

After saying this, Leonel vanished.

"LEONEL!"

Shan'Rae's roar shattered the skies, forming a vortex that warped everything.

Six months? She couldn't wait that long. She wanted him dead right now. She had waited long enough.

"The location! Give it to me!" She glared at the Void Race member.

The Void Race man blinked in confusion, looking around before he hurriedly bowed, trembling.

Not receiving an answer, Shan'Rae was absolutely livid.

"The location! Now!"

The shivering Void Race man only seemed to now realize that Shan'Rae was speaking to him.

"Location? Young miss, I'm not sure what you're talking about. Please, mercy!"

Shan'Rae shrieked and the Void Race man's head exploded.

"Someone! Give me the location! Now!"

However, every single one of the Void Race members seemed to be entirely confused by what she was talking about.

It was only now that Shan'Rae realized that this had to be Leonel's doing.

If this information had been spread by the Dream Asura, how could they not know? No... how had the one who was aware of the location to begin with suddenly be entirely confused about what she was speaking about?Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

What level had Leonel's Dream Force usage reached? How was this possible?

...

Leonel's lips trembled, his face paled. He shook his head, taking deep breaths.

His Dream Force worlds began to rotate, quickly replenishing him.

The method he had used was within the Emperor's Might tablet. It was an advanced form of [Emperor's Edict].

Obviously, using it on such a large scale had taken a great deal out of him. Honestly, if not for the support of the Life Tablet and his Wise Star and Wise Sea Order status, he wouldn't have been able to do it.

When he recovered, his gaze flickered with a dense cold.

He was already beginning to think about how he would deal with this situation before Shan'Rae even appeared.

He had an understanding of the world now that he didn't have in the past, so he knew what kind of changes his triggering the Idol Battlefield would cause.

Time and time again, the Void Race seemed to stand opposing to him. In that case, he would hand them a loss they finally couldn't afford to swallow.