Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2884 Possible

Leonel fell into his thoughts. He would have to adjust his plans. Honestly, he didn't expect that Shan'Rae would feel the need to go so far. He even found it quite amusing, honestly. Well, as amusing as it could be, considering it was now bringing trouble to his front door.

That said, this wasn't necessarily that troublesome either. Because one way or another, he would have to do this. It was convenient for him to have used the descendants of the Minerva and Fallen God Beasts to reverse the troublesome situation that the humans were in. But what would he do after the war ended?

Once the smoke settled down, his role in all of this would never be able to be hidden. It might take a few years, maybe a few decades, but it would eventually come out. If Leonel got caught with his pants down at the wrong time, it would become an issue for him. So why not take some initiative?DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The question was... how?

"Hm..."

Leonel smiled.

Aina shook her head when she saw that look on Leonel's face. It seemed that someone was going to suffer again. But after not seeing him for so long, she felt that it was too nostalgic. She suddenly wanted to start a war just for the hell of it. She liked it when Leonel was being domineering, maybe a little too much.

The expressions of both husband and wife became quite a sight to behold. It seemed that neither would be comfortable if there was no trouble.

...

"Not this one either."

Leonel shook his head as they stood over an Incomplete World. It had already been a month, and this was the fourth Incomplete World that they had been to. But none of them could meet his standards. The issue obviously wasn't how weak they were, but rather that they didn't have the potential to align with his path.

He didn't expect to find anything as perfect as the Sea God Verse. But he did need something that could match up to what he already had. Ideally, he would get something related to the Light or Dark Force.

After some thought, Leonel realized how important this would be to him. His greatest limiting factor right now was his body. In this last month, he had already re-upped his Metal Body, and it now stood at the Sixth Dimension as well. But its effects on how much of his Force Manipulation he could display had been... disappointing.

It was clear that there were three factors that decided how much Force Manipulation one could display. The first was body strength. The second was constitution quality. And the last was Dimension.

The first was straightforward. The second was the dividing line between Mortal, Demi-God and God. And the third was also self explanatory. In terms of importance, it went from least to most important.

For the Creation State, normally speaking, the only way to bring out its full power was to be in the Ninth Dimension. In truth, from the Impetus State onward, only the Ninth Dimension could bring out their full strength, especially if you were a Mortal.

Lower Ninth Dimension for the Impetus State, Middle for the Life State, and Peak for the Creation State. Even if you were a Demi-God, you could only bring out the full strength of a Creation State Force if you were at least a Tier 4. And even if you were a God, you'd have to at least be Tier 1.

You would have to find other ways to break these rules, such as various Dimensional Methods or strengthening the body, or in Leonel's case, absorbing more worlds. But because Leonel was controlling so many top Tier Forces, it was even more difficult for him. Even if he got his second Incomplete World, he still had what felt like an infinite number of other Daos.

His Earth Force, Scarlet Star Force, Light Force, Dark Force, Emulation Spatial Force, both his Weapon Forces... They were all at the Quasi Creation State. It could be said that his body was like a balloon that wanted to burst.

"The Rapax Bubbles are nearby," Leonel suddenly said as he turned away.

"Not going?" Aina asked.

Leonel shook his head.

Shadowclaw and Dreadmaw were still in the Incomplete World, and Leonel had no intention of taking them out. As he had said, he had already done Shadowclaw more than enough of a favor in the past. Right now, he wasn't the one who owed the kid... well, maybe he wasn't much of a kid anymore.

Right now, Leonel had to focus on maximizing their chances of survival, and for that he needed another Incomplete World that he could perfect and absorb. The fewer people knew what he did, the better. Once things had calmed once again, then he could care about returning them.

"To the next we go."

Leonel continued to travel around, but the six-month deadline was already quickly approaching without him finding what he needed. As the fourth month came and went, he was starting to think that he might actually have to go to the battlefield without the improvement he hoped for. He actually found something interesting.

"This one is no good too-," Leonel's words suddenly came to a stop. "Hm? Maybe...?"

This Incomplete World seemed to be ruled by a race of Lightning Spirituals. It had next to nothing to do with Leonel's path, and it was once again something useless to him. He also had no intention of learning yet another Force.

However, there was a flash in his Dreamscape and his thoughts flickered to Talon, who was likewise trapped by him. His thoughts began to churn, and he was quickly forming new connections and thoughts that just might be quite interesting.

"Hm... Let's take a look. This could potentially be interesting, depending on a few things. If this doesn't work out, let's just head to the battlefield early. It'll be more troublesome, but it's still possible."