Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2885 Announcement

Leonel was thinking of something very curious as he crossed into the Incomplete World. This time, though, the Regulator didn't seem to sense Leonel at all. It was like he had never entered.

Quickly, Leonel adjusted, and in the blink of an eye, he seemed to be perfectly in tune with the world.

If outsiders could see this scene now, they would be absolutely shocked, not just because Leonel had adjusted so quickly, but also because he seemed able to protect even his wife as well.

"This world doesn't seem right for you," Aina said.

"You're right, but I'm looking at something else."

It was weird Leonel said this because they had come across worlds that specialized in Fire and even one that specialized in Earth, but none of them caught Leonel's fancy.

That was when Leonel realized something.

The path was probably more important than the Force alone.

By all rights, the Sea God Verse was a Water Force Incomplete World, but hadn't it ended up being perfect for him?

In that case, what he needed to look for wasn't just a world with the appropriate Forces, but one that could align with him properly.

And this world... it might have been related to Lightning Force, but it was domineering and kingly in a way that seemed to perfectly align with his two Weapon Forces.

However, this was just the first layer of it all. What also interested Leonel was the Spirituals, and it was related to why he had thought of Talon.

Talon had a very unique method of Crafting. He used a Lightning Spirit... but it wasn't that simple. If Leonel recalled correctly, it was the Earthen Lightning Spirit.

It was a Spirit that Leonel had never seen before, but he also didn't think much about it. But when he saw this Incomplete World, it all clicked.

The Earthen Lightning Spirit should take advantage of Earth Force, forming a grounding effect that called lightning from the skies. This was why every time Talon Crafted, the skies thundered. He was borrowing power from the world around him.

Essentially, the Earth Force was the anchor like it always was, but in the case of the Earthen Lightning Spirit, it was only the anchor for Lightning.

But what did that have to do with this Incomplete World? They were a world of lightning. It had nothing to do with Earth Force.

That was when Leonel thought back to the Human Dimensional method granted to Aina by the Stele.

The weakness of the Spirituals came because they exchanged affinity for the one strength of Humans: Comprehension.

This was a vague concept, but Leonel was able to visualize it quite well by now.

Humans had souls fused with their bodies. As such, as they progressed through the Dimensions, their Souls stretched along with them, hopping from the Second Dimension and stretching all the way through the Ninth.

That meant that compared to other Races, Humans had the closest connection to the Second Dimension through their journey, the very location where Forces were birthed.

As such, it was natural that their comprehension was excellent.

The issue was that humans' comprehension was relative. Meaning, they had excellent comprehension given their affinities, but their affinities were so low that their comprehension was likewise low.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This was what the Spirituals managed to change by separating their souls from their bodies. If they managed to reach the pinnacle of the Life State in time, they could gain the best of both worlds, having being excellent affinity and world-shuddering comprehension.

So, Leonel was wondering... was the Dimensional Method provided by the Gathering of Kingdoms Stele really the only way to help the Spirituals out of their predicament?

Or could Earth Force do the same thing?

The more Leonel observed the world, the more he felt that it was surely possible. And after several minutes, he was grinning from ear to ear.

Shan'Rae was truly in for a rude awakening.

**

A silence hung over the room like a heavy veil. The Owlans didn't speak a single word, neither did the Fallen God Beasts.

The appearance of Shan'Rae had seemingly turned the entire battle situation upside down. From a war that had been relatively even, they were quickly losing ground. On just the first day alone, they lost over a thousand experts with at least Middle Life State Forces. This was a blow too devastating to ignore.

They had known that no war with the Gods could possibly end so easily, but how could they think that just a junior alone would be able to change it all? It was as though they had never taken them seriously.

Elysium, their leader, seemed to be the only one who was truly indifferent. It was clear he never thought that dealing with the Gods would be so easy.

As for the Fallen God Beasts, the ones that were here were only collateral. Had it been the real Celestials, they, too, would be just as calm.

"Hey, hey, hey, why the glum atmosphere?"

Elysium's pupils constricted, and he looked up. It was the first time he had shown such a violent reaction.

Minerva's reaction was just as fierce, but for a completely different reason. Seething hatred rampaged through her body.

"I see that you all are in a bit of a tough predicament, so I thought I'd help out. I'll kill that Shan'Rae for you, but it'll take a bit and I'll have to prepare first. I'll be coming to your world in a couple of days, so keep a seat warm for me.

"No need to thank me. I'm doing this out of the kindness of my heart."

After these words were said, the voice faded.

Silence fell once again and the Owlans and Fallen God Beasts didn't even know what to think.

What they didn't know was that Shan'Rae had gotten a similar message... though several times more taunting.

It seemed that Leonel was announcing to the world that he was coming to the realm of Demi-Gods.