Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2886 Sudden Change

"What are you doing?" Aina asked, barely stifling a laugh.

Leonel stood before her, cupping her breasts and stopping her from getting dressed. It looked like he was trying to use his palms as scales, and it left her speechless.

"Measuring, measuring," Leonel said almost a little too seriously, "they've gotten bigger, I swear. But a little less dense, peculiarly enough. I need to make some adjustments."

Aina gave Leonel a playful pat on the forehead with a palm.

"Be serious. We have war to go to."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

She seemed to be excited. Now that her desires had been vented, the only thing left was battle lust, but Leonel was still delaying. How could she not feel anxious?

"Relax, relax..." Leonel continued to mutter.

Then he took out the uniform he had given her, formed from the white tiger's tail and began to make adjustments.

As he did so, he shook his head. This material was really no good anymore. It was far too weak for Aina's current strength.

Still, by the time Leonel finished, that didn't stop the white and black military uniform and boots from shimmering with a gorgeous light.

Even with inferior materials, it radiated an aura of absolute majesty. By this point, it would surely light up far more than 18 runes on the Truth Pillars. But Leonel didn't seem to be satisfied.

"We'll have to slaughter some of the other beasts on the way."

Aina giggled and shook her head. "Fine, fine, fine. Okay, let's go!"

Aina didn't ask why Leonel had said that.

Weren't they supposed to be on the side of the Owlans and Fallen God Beasts? Why were they killing the beasts for their pelts now?

But she didn't question it.

Even if Leonel was only going to sow chaos, she would be there. With the two of them present, did it matter who their enemies were?

...

The location was the Set Bubble.

The Owlan Bubble was the core of their territory, but unlike Mortal Races that had their power scattered across several kingdoms and empires, the Owlans, who were among the most powerful Demi-Gods, were a united front. This confrontation only made them even more united than before.

The Set Bubble was one of the nine Bubbles beneath the majesty of the Owlan Bubble. The ten Bubbles together formed a formation in the void that acted as a defensive front. It could be said that if any one of them fell, it would compromise the others, and expose the most important Owlan Bubble to more direct attacks.

The Owlan Bubble was the most important not just because it was arbitrarily chosen as their core world, but it was also the one that was the most in line with their path, the closest to becoming a God Realm, and also the one that suppressed the Void Race the most savage.

Among the nine Bubbles, the Set Bubble, Thoth Bubble and Osirian Bubbles were in the worst situations. All three were locations that Shan'Rae had been to, but rather than finishing them off, she vanished before things reached that point.

Well, it might be confusing to others, but it was obvious to Leonel.

She was obviously avoiding the true powerhouses of the Owlans. He didn't need to be there to know.

She acted high and mighty, but she knew her limits. And that meant that in his eyes, she wasn't nearly as perfect as she seemed.

However, Leonel wasn't worried about her for now. As he stepped foot into the Set Bubble, he closed his eyes and fell into silence.

At that moment, his wife stood valiantly by his side, her gaze flashing with black lightning as she held her excitement back. She could practically smell the blood in the air.

She restrained her thoughts and looked over at Leonel. She covered her lips with a palm and laughed.

Leonel had made such a big deal about getting her armor and uniform in line, but when he finished, he just slipped on a pair of grey sweatpants and didn't even bother with shoes.

If the Void Race knew that Leonel had come to ruin their days while wearing this, what would they even think?

Leonel's eyes opened. "Let's go."

A wild grin spread across his face.

...

Leontius gloomily stood on the battlefield, his large, bestial body shuddering with spatial fluctuations.

The Spectral White Tiger Race could be said to be the most gloomy in this war. The Void Race made their control over space look ridiculous, and in the end, they could only rely on their powerful bodies.

With the support of the Owlans, it wasn't so bad. But when Shan'Rae appeared on this battlefield two weeks ago, she destroyed all the Quasi Creation State experts on the battlefield and even the Lower Creation State commander overseeing things.

Then, before their reinforcements could get here, she vanished.

This was already the third time she had done this and her actions this time left Leontius without the usual support he would have.

His body was littered with wounds and he didn't even bother to waste the Force to hold up his spatial barrier any longer. The Void Race members seemed to always be able to ignore it.

The most humiliating thing was that they weren't even strong to the Void Race. Most of them were Void Race descendants born in the God Realm, but could only be said to have Demi-God bodies. There were a few among them with real God bodies, barely a dozen, but even the strongest of them were only in the lower Tiers of the Seventh Dimension.

It was humiliation. Outright humiliation.

Leontius could feel that this strength was slipping away. He would likely die soon. In a few more hours, he would be done.

It was just unfortunate. For the first time, he lamented having such a strong body. If he had a body as weak as the humans, he would have left this torture behind long ago.

It was then that there was a sudden change on the battlefield.