Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2887 Single Bound

Leonel stood so high in the skies that no one could see him, but Aina had already charged. He crossed his arms over his chest and watched in silence, his gaze dancing with a thousand thoughts a second.

With a flicker and a leap, Aina appeared on the frontline and swept out her battle ax just a single time.

Under the astonished gazes of Owlan, Beast, and Void Races alike, more than three dozen members of the Void Race died all at once.

The battlefield fell into silence.

From the very start, no one had been able to kill the descended God Race with so much impunity.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

What they expected even less was that Aina didn't seem to care and had already flickered forward again, swiping out once more.

Blood rose from the ground and danced like stars. Feeling the blood of the God Race for the first time, Aina truly felt that it was magical. It filled her with so much power that she felt like she could even pluck the sun out of the skies.

Dozens of roses bloomed in the skies, and clones of Aina appeared out of each one. They didn't have legs, but they wielded the flower petals around them no differently from how they would a battle ax.

Before anyone could even react, Aina had killed hundreds.

All of this happened in a few blinks of the eye, making it look as though the battlefield had become a meat grinder.

Across the battlefield, the leisurely Gods suddenly stood.

"Ven'Ora, you go deal with her."

"You're giving up on a Blood Sovereign?"

"I feel like a powerful Dream Force expert just appeared. We can't be careless."

When these words were said, the expression of them all changed. Even Ven'Ora, who had been joking around, had a complete change in demeanor as well.

Before a single exchange, the Void Race youths had decided to get serious.

Chains suddenly rattled around them as though the Regulator was reacting to their true power. But Ven'Ora ignored the pain and suddenly vanished.

She appeared before Aina, striking out a palm that carried the vastness of an imploding nebula.

Ven'Ora completely ignored the rest of the slaughter. So long as Aina died, the rest would naturally fall into place.

However, what she didn't expect was that Aina's battle axe would slice through her palm as though it were formed of wet tissue paper.

Ven'Ora accelerated into a retreat, looking at her hand with astonishment. It wasn't her actual hand that was cut, but the surrounding Force. Had she not retreated, she would have lost a hand.

BANG!

Ven'Ora's hand, the very one she thought she had just escaped with, exploded into a rain of blood.

The blood of the Void Race twinkled like stars, and when it landed on the ground, it left enormous craters in their wake as though they also carried the weight of them.

It was then that Ven'Ora realized that she hadn't completely escaped. Aina's blade had nicked her, and that was enough to draw the blood necessary to deal such a devastating blow.

Ven'Ora's heart skipped a beat but her Force erupted from her, suppressing the rest of Aina's attempt to destroy her.

A few stars on her galaxy-body winked out and her hand grew back in an instant, just in time for her to notice that Aina had indifferently begun a second attack.

Ven'Ora's pride roared to life.

A scythe appeared in her hands, shocking most. This was the first time the God Race had taken out a weapon, and it was impossible to tell where it came from. None of the Void Race members wore any clothes, nor any treasure.

But there was no time to guess as a world-splitting blade descended.

Aina almost carelessly thrust out with her ax. In one moment, it felt like a true ax, but then it became a spear, then a sword. The myriad of changes were impossible to follow, and a powerful, golden light erupted.

Indomitable.

Ven'Ora's scythe was parried to the side.

BANG!

The scythe drew a line down the battlefield, splitting the land for hundreds of kilometers, and yet completely untouched by Aina herself.

Aina's ax spun in her hands and sliced upward, cutting the chest and head of Ven'Ora in two.

More stars blinked out of existence on Ven'Ora's body and what should have been a fatal wound healed instantly.

She roared and vortexes appeared around her and the skies.

The battle erupted once more. Then once again. And then again.

Aina looked like a butcher skewering meat. Ven'Ora was cut in two in more ways than she could fathom, and every time she was forced to sacrifice more and more stars.

Many felt their hearts shuddering. Was this what it meant to be a God? Were they truly immortal?

Even if there were some that noticed the stars winking out, there must have been millions on her body at worst. What did this mean? Over the course of a battle, could she replenish herself millions of times over?

The Void Race youths frowned. Going to help would be humiliating, and at the same time, they were worried about the Dream Force expert mentioned by Uld'Lo.

However, by the time they resolved themselves, it was too late.

Bored, Aina's speed suddenly accelerated. Her battle ax left lines in the skies as though she had become a budding rose herself.

The dance was no less beautiful than Leonel's spear dance and even seemed to take inspiration from it. In fact, unlike Aina, Leonel wasn't a peerless beauty, so the effect on the psyche of those around her was even more devastating.

In a blink, Ven'Ora froze, and in the next instant, her body was sliced into thousands of ribbon-thin pieces.

Just when she wanted to use her stars to reform herself, Aina's Blood Sovereignty trembled and ripped every last drop out of her.

Aina absorbed it all and her aura began to skyrocket.

In a single bound, she shed her Demi-God status and became a God.