Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2888 Ramping

The change was absolutely shocking and the Regulator of the world seemed to be alerted. However, it faded away after a moment.

Descending from a world was one thing. But ascending from a lower station to a higher one was a completely separate matter. Because Aina had the foundation of a Mortal, she gained much more leeway from Regulators. This was why Leonel hadn't felt any trouble entering the Ma'at Bubble despite it being a Mortal World.

As for why Incomplete Worlds still targeted them, it was because there was a dividing line between the two states of Complete and Incomplete. In addition, there was more being targeted than just their constitutions as well.

Incomplete Worlds couldn't withstand the Ninth Dimension, nor could they withstand Forces surpassing the Impetus State as well. So even if Leonel and Aina managed in one fashion, it was difficult to manage in others.

Incomplete Worlds were also the only worlds that would target even their own kind. That was why Leonel's father had ended up losing his life.

This was a matter of life and death for Incomplete Worlds. They were teetering on the edge of creation and destruction to begin with, and their fragile states could grant them death at any time.

In comparison, Complete Worlds were far more robust and could afford to withstand much more strength. As such, their Regulators only rarely stepped in and the effects were usually less violent.

Even so, Aina's expression twisted with a hint of distaste, her nose wrinkling.

She pressed a hand to her chest and pulled. The blood she had just absorbed was taken out, and she tossed it to the side to create another rotating bud of roses, this one far more powerful than the others and more than ten times the size.

Her aura plummeted back down to Demi-God's status, but those with sharp senses could tell that it had become far more refined.

Their hearts shook.

Who was this woman? She could just casually change her constitution at will? Was this the majesty of Blood Sovereigns?

Those with Blood Force affinity were just as rare as Dream Force experts, and the existence of a Blood Sovereign was a heart-shuddering matter.

Even so, it was said that the inheritance of the Blood Sovereign had been lost long ago and much of the strength they could display was only superficial and limited to boosts in strength.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But this Aina...

What was shocking was that nothing Aina did seemed to have a systematic method. She just thought about something and then executed, almost like she was writing the story of her own life.

Ironically, it was Aina's Clairvoyance that was hiding the fact that she did, indeed, have the Blood Sovereign Golden Tablet.

However, rather than taking out the techniques and methods, and copying them one for one, Aina made them her own and casually incorporated them into her strength.

This made it look like she had deduced everything on her own and thus didn't link her back to the Inheritance.

This was why Leonel was so boldly confident in allowing her to display her full might.

He knew that the few Blood Sovereigns that did exist in this world would go crazy for Aina's Inheritance.

But what could they do if they just had to accept that a God Childe was doing God Childe things?

While all of this was going on, the massacre hadn't stopped for even a single moment.

"We can't wait any longer. Shen'Rul, Rai'Lin, you both go. No, Jae'Sin, you go as well. Go all out and suppress her as quickly as possible."

The three burst into action as Uld'Lo continued to scan the region. Unless they found that Dream Force expert, he wouldn't feel at ease.

"You haven't sent enough."

The voice suddenly echoed in Uld'Lo's ears and his head snapped around, but he still couldn't find Leonel's shadow.

"If you only send three, she's going to get annoyed and kill them even faster than before. At that point, won't you feel even more humiliated? It might be better for you all to go, no?"

Uld'Lo's expression turned malevolent.

Even in the God Realm, the Void Race stood at the pinnacle. They were only beneath the Pluto Race and on par with a few others.

There was quite literally no one in Existence that dared to humiliate them like this. Even the Pluto Race hadn't said anything when their Ancestor had brutally injured El'Rion.

Even during this war, the Owlans and Fallen Gods Beasts were careful with the steps they took for fear of how the Void Race might retaliate. They wanted them to underestimate them for as long as possible.

But this voice... didn't seem to have any sort of propriety.

"Ah, look at that. I tried to warn you, but you didn't listen."

Uld'Lo's expression changed and nebulae exploded across his body as he locked eyes into the distance.

A river of blood was wrapping around Aina's body as though strips of silk ribbon. However, every time they came into contact with the scythe-wielding Void Race members, they cut stronger than blades, piercing into their bodies and taking more of their blood.

Suddenly, she seemed to grow annoyed and let out a low shout.

The river of blood ribbons violently expanded and shredded them apart like a blender. Their flesh and bones dyed the skies and fell to the ground like meteors.

"As you can see, my wife has suppressed her battle lust for too long. She was really looking forward to this battle with the Gods, but you all actually came to disappoint her.

"I tried my best to help, but what happens from here is out of my hands."

Uld'Lo could practically hear Leonel's sarcastic shrug through his voice.

But what wasn't sarcastic was the violent upsurge that suddenly exploded around his wife.

It had only been a few minutes, but Aina had already taken out a tenth of the army.

And she seemed to only be ramping up.