Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2890 Slay

Leonel and Aina left the battlefield after sweeping up all the Void Race corpses that were left. Well... if you could call them corpses at all.

In reality, Aina had ground their flesh and compressed it into several pills. One would have thought that they were convenient energy boosters rather than true Gods.

Of course, the couple had no qualms.

Back when they first entered the "Cataclysm Zone", that ended up being the Vast Bubble, they had seen the benefit of consuming Demon Force Pills.

Compared to those Pills, the body of a God was on a completely different level.

It wasn't just this, but though Leonel had lambasted their shoddy Craftsmanship, the actual materials they used were fascinating.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The reason they couldn't even heal after a blow from his arrows was because their weapons were wrapped in a violent, chaotic aura that was a lot like Anarchic Force, but not quite.

If Leonel was correct, the Void Race wielded what was known as Blackhole Force, the number one ranked Spatial Force and the number one ranked Darkness Force in all of existence.

This was unlike Void Star Force, which was the number one ranked Water Force, top three in Darkness Forces and top ten in Star Forces.

Blackhole Force was even above Leonel's own Scarlet Star Force, which was similarly ranked with Void Star Force.

This was how Leonel knew that he was in a completely different league now. He had never even come across someone that wielded a Force as powerful as his own before. Well, unless he counted Amery and Elthor.

But even then, Elthor was relying on an Ability Index, which was weaker than Leonel who had an Innate Node. While Amery, who did have two Innate Nodes, was lagging far behind in terms of Force Manipulation. At least he had been the last time Leonel bothered to check.

The Void Race members that they had just come across couldn't use Blackhole Force at all, instead they seemed to be relying on derivatives bolstered by special techniques unique to their Race, taking advantage of their unique Constitutions.

However, Shan'Rae was almost certainly different.

This was a reminder to Leonel that he couldn't take this matter lightly.

Ultimately, it was his Dream Force that had reached the Creation State, not his strongest offensive Force: Scarlet Star Force.

He couldn't be too cocky.

That said, he looked at his newly minted arrows and couldn't help but grin. He had been able to form 18 of these arrows from each one of their scythes, and there had been 12 of them, so Leonel had over 200 of them now. And each one held small kernels of destructive Blackhole Force.

It was said that Blackhole Force was the most like Anarchic Force in the world, a type of Spatial and Dark Force that sought to swallow and destroy all things.

Seeing it, Leonel immediately thought of Little Blackstar.

Little Blackstar had been learning how to use Anarchic Force, but it was slow going, and it obviously wasn't something that he could casually use on the battlefield and expose either. The world would go insane.

But... Leonel had a feeling that this was Blackstar's chance at a huge breakthrough.

"Let's raze a few more battlefields quickly before information gets out. Then we'll retreat for a bit. I'll make a new armor for you and then send some of these supplies in to Blackstar. I have a feeling that he'll make a huge leap soon."

Aina nodded and so they began.

The couple was cruel and merciless. Every time they stepped onto a battlefield, they wiped out the chain of command on both sides, making it impossible for anyone to tell what was going on.

The normal armies became like headless flies, and it made news circulate slowly.

By the time they had completely rebalanced the situation in the Set Bubble, news had only just begun to be disseminated, but even then no one could seem to remember their faces or their methods of attack. It was as though their recollection of events had been stripped of all its context and details.

What shocked them more was that they immediately proceeded to two other Bubbles and re-stabilized their situations as well. It took no more than a single day for Leonel to complete undo everything that Shan'Rae had done.

It couldn't be helped. Shan'Rae might be powerful, but she was no Dream Force expert. Gathering intel, finding locations and executing plans for her took time, whereas Leonel might as well have been a one man artillery unit... if you could use such a thing to describe an intelligent network.

Then the two calmly disappeared.

...

Leonel had Aina send the Void Race Force Pills to Little Blackstar, knowing that very soon they would have a third helper.

Leonel didn't want this matter to involve too many, but he knew that Little Blackstar's abilities would be very useful. He would be exactly the counter to Shan'Rae they needed when she appeared, and likely play an even more important role when the Void Race realized that their descendants and the rest of the rabble they had sent weren't enough.

Leonel quickly finished Aina's new military outfit. It took him no more than half a day, and it looked identical to the first.

It was a military outfit of black and white. It was silky soft to the touch and radiant in its perfection. However, even though it looked identical, the aura it exuded was manifold different.

To Aina's shock, she found that her strength with it on had at least doubled, if not more so.

Considering how strong she already was, her gaze couldn't help but flicker.

Just what level had her husband's Craftsmanship reached to display such abilities?

What he said next astonished her even more, though.

"I had a lot of time, and I completed a blueprint for some epic uniforms finally. But we'll need to kill a lot of Fallen God Beasts. Each one requires four."

Leonel grinned wildly.

"Let's go slay some Dragons."