Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2894 A Pound Isn't Enough

Looking at the array of worlds, Leonel couldn't help but admit something to himself.

If not for his Wise Sea Order breakthrough, and its fusion with his Wise Star Order status, it would have been impossible for him to see through this.

The goal of the Owlans and Fallen God Beasts was clear and obvious to him now.

They wanted to form an array between their worlds, completing and filling their weaknesses with several Incomplete Worlds, to finally step across the final barrier to form a God Realm of their own.

Such a plan would have taken generations to lay out. He could see their painstaking, step-by-step efforts. And quite frankly, he was greatly impressed.

Just this sight alone showed their grit, their determination. It was something that he couldn't ignore even if he wanted to.

Leonel was very rarely impressed. But at the moment, he couldn't help but be.

It was a reminder that he couldn't underestimate the people of this world, even if they weren't Gods... and especially in the case where they had once been Gods in the past.

'However, it's not prepared yet. If I'm correct, it seems that it isn't the Incomplete Worlds that are the problem, but rather they're Complete Worlds. Some of their World Spirits still need more refining, but the method they're using...'

Leonel's gaze flashed.

Back in the Dimensional Verse, there were things called Folds of Reality. It wasn't that Folds of Reality didn't exist in these Complete Worlds, but rather that they weren't so obvious. In fact, Bubbles were precisely Folds of Reality. That was why they could fuse into one another and separate. They represented wrinkles in the Dimensions, not just worlds.

That aside, Folds of Reality could expand and swallow others in the Dimensional Verse. Worlds started at the Third Dimension, had a set potential, and could grow depending on how well they cleared their Sub-Dimensional Zones. The faster they were cleared, and the more perfectly this was done, the faster worlds could grow to their full potential.

It was because Leonel was intimately aware of this that he also knew that he might benefit from clearing the Zones properly, and this was what allowed him to evolve his Incomplete World into a Complete World with God Realm potential.

However, that same Incomplete World was still a long distance away from the God Realm. In fact, it was still faintly weaker than weaker Mortal Realms.

Both of them, that is.

So the question was, what did this have to do with the current situation?

The World Spirits of the Complete Worlds in this formation were still lacking. However, they were quickly working toward completion.

If they had had the Life Tablet, it was likely that they'd be able to more quickly complete this. After all, Leonel hadn't forgotten that the Nomads he had met were somehow capable of mimicking the Northern Star Lineage Factor. Who was to say they didn't have a Wise Star Order?

However, because they missed out, they were taking a slower path, and it seemed that this war was only helping them.

'Using the bodies of Gods to refine their World Spirits, is that so?'

Leonel slowly opened his eyes as he finally understood everything.

As of now, there were only two worlds that hadn't reached their necessary standard.

What was the most interesting is that if Leonel was correct, the only thing limiting the Fallen God Beasts was the Realm they were in, and not their constitutions. That meant, the instant these Realms became God Realms once more, they would likewise soar back to Godhood in an instant and likely once more become among the strongest Gods there was.

When Leonel understood the scope of the plan, he finally seemed to realize the kind of trouble he had just casually thrown himself into, and he couldn't help but laugh.

He didn't give a damn.

His thoughts were only focused on a single thing: How could he best take advantage of this situation?

Ruin their plans?

No, that wouldn't benefit him.

The moment their plan succeeded, it was likely that a new war would break out on the God Realm. But he was equally certain that this war wouldn't last long.

The Void Race would use this as an opportunity to retreat because losing to Gods was no longer the same thing as losing to Demi-Gods. It would no longer be a matter of face for them.

As such, once they understood the strength of the God Beasts, or rather, the current Fallen God Beasts that would soon become God Beasts once more, they would find a convenient time to withdraw.

Once that happened, Leonel would obviously become a target once again. They definitely wouldn't be able to come after him immediately, but it would only be a matter of time.

On the other hand, it was still unlikely that they would be able to turn all their attention to him... especially since they would have raised a tiger and let them into their den.

That tiger was, obviously, the Invalids.

Because not only would this be a new God Realm, it would also be the first God Realm that Invalids were allowed to enter.

And that was absolutely unacceptable to Leonel.

The reason he had stopped having Aina hide her Blood Sovereignty was because he knew that it had already been exposed to the one crowd of people he feared the most for her sake. In that case, there was simply no point in having her hold back her strength any longer.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

But to Leonel, the fact that this group of people was working with Invalids was absolutely unacceptable.

Even if he didn't have the intention of stopping their plans completely... he would certainly take a pound of flesh.

"A pound isn't enough," Leonel said, his gaze flashing with coldness.

Leonel slowly stood, a plan slowly formulating in his mind.

Now that he knew what he was working with, he could finally complete the final stretch.