Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2895 Coats, Bone, and Tendons

Leonel entered the Segmented Cube. Before him, the corpses of four Fallen God Beasts lay.

He looked toward the Celestial Terra with a solemn expression.

He and Aina had split up for the sake of efficiency, but to his surprise, Aina came back injured from her battle with this Celestial Terra.

Although she had obviously won in the end, Leonel had no choice but to force down hints of wariness and rage.

There was no way that Aina had failed to pick an opponent appropriate for her, and this shouldn't be an Ancestor level character. According to Aina, it only had a Quasi Creation State Dao.

To make matters worse, considering Aina's healing factor at this point, especially that she wasn't hiding her Blood Sovereignty any longer, the fact that she returned to Leonel injured meant that there was likely a point in time where she had been severely injured.

He knew his wife's temperament well. If she could hide her burdens from him, she would do so. He was fairly certain that she had been closer to death than she let on.

'Celestial Terras... Celestial Terrors...'

Leonel liked joking around about Celestial Storms really being Dragons, but this wasn't exactly wrong either. Much like the apartment buildings he had seen in the Golden City, many of Earth's myths, legends and cultures descended from more established empires of wider Existence.

However, it was clear that this legend wasn't accurate. No... it was more like it was obscured.

In Earth's legend, there were some tales of four creatures: a Dragon, a Vermillion Bird, a White Tiger and a Black Turtle.

However, compared to the legends of the Dragon alone, those myths were lacking. In fact, it wasn't rare to hear of legends where Dragons superseded the other three by far.

However, what the Life Tablet made clear to Leonel was that these so-called Dragons weren't the real threat. Instead, the real slumbering monsters were these world-sized tortoises, existences that controlled the Earth element to a degree that even Leonel couldn't fathom.

Aina's struggle made this clear.

When Leonel saw the situation, he immediately reached out with his Dream Force, and as expected, the death of a Celestial Terra sent wild waves through the Fallen God Beasts. They were more enraged now than at any other point.

And that was when he caught onto one important tidbit of information.

The death of this Celestial Terra at Aina's hand noted the first death of a Celestial Terra since the start of this war.

That made Leonel realize that this just might be the final piece of a large puzzle, but he didn't regret it in the slightest.

The materials from these four God Beasts were what he needed to complete his Sixth Dimensional Divine Armor. Only a Divine Armor formed from these materials could possibly exhibit the kind of strength he needed given that he now had two Worlds with God Realm potential in his body.

One way or another, he was going to offend these formidable races...

So he might as well get the most out of it.

"Anastasia, dig out a formation to these specifications. Then pool their blood into the noted regions. I've already noted down everything."

"Okay!"

Anastasia's voice echoed in Leonel's ears. It had been a while since they communicated as well, so it had taken him a while to get the little World Spirit down from her pouting high horse.

After some coaxing, she had finally gone back to normal.

"What do you want to do with this?" Anastasia asked as she and Leonel appeared in a wide, open plain.

This was Anastasia's world, so something like carving an exact pattern into the earth only took the blink of an eye.

"Just an experiment."

"You say that, but it seems like you're pretty confident."

Leonel chuckled.

"I am pretty confident."

Though he was laughing, there was a chilling glint in his eye. How could he fail now that his wife had put her life on the line? There was no other path but success.

Slowly, he pressed his palms together, and small dividers in the earth crumbled.

In that instant, four streams of blood connected at one and a violent rush surged into the air.

There were four techniques in the Emperor's Might Golden Tablet that existed beneath the strongest three. One of them clearly took the shape of a Dragon.

As one might expect, the second took the shape of a bird. The second took the shape of a tiger. The last took the shape of a tortoise.

It was clear to Leonel that these four techniques were created based on the Fallen God Beasts... the Celestials.

Leonel wanted to use his Fawkes Family Lineage Factor, but he had to be wary of flying too close to the sun. He was confident, but not confident enough just yet to ignore all things.

But, with this method, he could not only use all four techniques, but likewise hide their presence with the help of his Divine Armor.

It wasn't just this, but he was certain that he could amplify them.

Sensing the changes caused by the Natural Force Art formed of blood, Leonel nodded. It seemed that his deduction was correct.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Let's go, Tolliver. It's time for some fun."

Leonel took a step and appeared by the bloodless corpses. Tolliver flickered and as one, master and Metal Spirit began to dissect corpses.

Leonel separated their coats, their bones, and their tendons, throwing away everything else.

The meat was useless to him, so he just gave them to Aina to see if she was curious about how they would taste.

It had been a while since he had eaten anything, so he might as well see what Celestial meat tasted like.

There was one part that stood out from the rest, though.

It was an enormous shell, shaped like a mountainous range.

It was the shell of the Celestial Terra and it would be the main piece to his new Divine Armor.

'... 60% chance of success. Let's see how far my Crafting has really gotten...'