Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2896 Four Techniques

As Leonel had said, the inspiration for this form of Crafting had come from Talon.

Talon was capable of using his Earthen Lightning Spirit to trigger changes in the world that could help him to Craft.

When Leonel saw this, he was struck by a thought.

What if he could use the world to surpass the limits of his body?

Leonel's Crafting talent and knowledge had always been beyond what his body and Little Tolliver were capable of. The issue was that they were ultimately too weak to always execute on Leonel's thoughts. So, it could be said that during his entire Crafting journey, what Leonel could Craft had always been handicapped.

This was precisely why he felt he only had a 60% chance of success now. What he was attempting to do was to use external methods to reach his theoretical limit, allowing his skill in Crafting to meet his Comprehension.

And all of that starts with these body parts.

The technique formed with the conceptualization of the Celestial Storm God Beast was known as [Dragon's Might]. As Leonel had said, the Celestial Storm Race didn't have Dragon's Might. It was instead a conceptualization of their majesty.

The weakest version of this technique was capable of doing what Leonel already could, and that was pressuring the minds of others. However, at the highest level, it could borrow power from a world to do the same, acting like a Quasi-Regulator of sorts, but nowhere near as all-encompassing or powerful. Even so, it was a shocking technique.

It gained this artistic conception by visualizing the majesty of Celestial Storms in the sky, creatures that were capable of commanding wind and rain, forming clouds of thunder and dispersing them with a thought.

The second technique, formed from the Celestial Embers, was known as [To Ashes. To Dust].

Despite the cryptically somber name, [To Ashes. To Dust] wasn't an attacking method at all. Instead, it was a method of rejuvenation... though not exactly that either.

Celestial Embers were named as such because they had the most vitality of all the Celestial God Beasts. They were birds of fire capable of resurrecting from even a single Ember, and this single Ember was likewise capable of burning for eternity.

This was why [To Ashes. To Dust] wasn't necessarily a pure rejuvenation technique.

The foundational ability of [To Ashes. To Dust] was to be able to instantly replenish a Soul to its peak state, similar to Leonel's [Instant Recovery]-A technique he still had despite not having used it in a long while. Though, of course, the reason he hadn't used it was because of the need to hide his Northern Star Lineage Factor.

This aside, whether it was due to fatigue, or injury, a single use of [To Ashes. To Dust] was capable of recovering his soul strength instantly. For Leonel, who had exceptional soul stamina to begin with, this was obviously a hugely beneficial technique...

Especially since that was the end of it.

Much like with [Dragon's Might], this was simply the simplest form of the technique.

At its highest form, it made the soul boundless.

Imagine for a moment attacking someone with a soul much more powerful than your own, trying to forcefully [Assimilate] them or extricate their soul.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

With [To Ashes. To Dust], Leonel wouldn't have to rely on external items. His soul would be able to continuously rebirth itself every time it ran out of strength, and the result would be like if his soul had been many times stronger to begin with.

The only drawback of this technique was that it required external support from a Force with Life Force, and this Force had to likewise be at the Life State.

But didn't Leonel already have that? What could fill that role if not his Vital Star Force?

In fact, this highest method of application would be useable by him the moment his Vital Star Force entered the Creation State.

The third Race was known as the Celestial Banes. They were the true White Tiger Race before the White Spectral Tigers rose up to replace them. Of the four Races, they were the only ones to be wiped out down to their very last.

The technique born from them was known as [Borne Bane].

The reason the Celestial Banes had such a moniker was because they were well known to be the Bane of all Forces, the only Race with Force so sharp that they were capable of cutting through and biting through anything.

What most didn't know was that this was because the Celestial Banes didn't wield any Force at all, and were rather bottomless, empty voids of space.

They relied on Blackhole Force much like the Void Race, and while this might sound like a contradiction, it wasn't. That was because they didn't truly wield it. Rather, its mysteries were etched into their claws, their teeth and their bones.

Rather than Innate Nodes, they had Innate Bodies, capable of canceling out any Force they came across with their sheer majesty alone.

No one was capable of replicating their feat then, nor since. And Leonel had a pretty good feeling that the reason they were wiped out was because the Void Race found them to be intolerable.

And yet... at the same time, Leonel had an equal conviction that this was only because the Celestial Terras were too good at keeping a low profile...

Or rather, the Primordial Terrors, the one existence amongst the Celestials that existed before all of them, a Race with history to the beginnings of the universe...

The very first God Beasts of Destruction.

The last part was pure speculation on Leonel's part, but his mind was nothing like it had been in the past. While he still couldn't assimilate all the knowledge in the Life Tablets, he could hold much more at a time than he could before, and that opened him up to understanding and potentially deducing a great many things.

As such, the last technique was aptly named...

[Primordial Terror].