Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2897 Terror

What made this Race so fearsome?

It was the fact they carried a world on their backs. They were literally as large as worlds, and when they grew up, this was even more so.

What Leonel could only do through a technique and Incomplete Worlds, the Primordial Terrors could do naturally. Their worlds were their bodies, their bodies were worlds.

This was part of the reason the Void Race was so fearsome as well. After all, their bodies were constructed and Stars, galaxies and nebulae. In fact, Leonel had seen an Ancestor Void Race member before as well, and his size had been enough to swallow up an entire Incomplete World, which was far larger than any Complete World.

But there was only one thing that Leonel could say to this...

They were wholly inferior.

The Void Race swallowed Incomplete Worlds to add to their collection of stars and galaxies, but the Celestial Terras WERE a world.

The difference was akin to night and day and couldn't be underestimated in the slightest.

Many of these things were only things that clicked after Leonel saw Aina come back so injured. It made him realize that the most fearsome characters in all of this were ironically the most docile of the creatures.

For whatever reason, though, the Primordial Terrors of the past chose to become the Celestial Terras, leaving behind their original moniker and seemingly much of their strength as well.

Then, when they fell from God Beast to Fallen God Beast, the problem became even clearer and they lost even more of their strength.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

And yet, somehow, they gathered such strength.

[Primordial Terror] was the most shocking of the techniques to Leonel, not because of its strength, but because it built off the back of a method of Earth Force usage that Leonel had independently deduced.

Back when Leonel first entered the Impetus State with his Dream Force, it was because he came to understand that the reason Earth Force was so difficult to control was because it acted as the anchor to all Force. It was the reason Force could collect and concentrate on worlds, instead of being widely dispersed through Existence.

As such, controlling Earth Force meant fighting against the will of a world's World Spirit. Meaning, if you wanted to control Earth Force as freely as any other Force, you had to make it your own first.

[Primordial Terror] used Artistic Conception of the Celestial Terra to force this upon the earth... but once again, this was just the simplest application.

The technique itself would be mostly useless, especially if you weren't naturally an Earth Force user. At best, you could use it to dispel a region of a Force that your opponent liked to use, and bring forth your own.

Of course, the reason Leonel was so uninterested in this ability was because it was something that [Domain] could already do. Though, if he layered both methods, it would have a great synergistic effect.

What was truly fearsome about this technique was located in its elevated level of use, much like these others.

What made Leonel's new Wise Sea Order status so powerful? It wasn't just the title alone, but rather the synergy it had with Wise Star Order.

One grounded itself in reality, and the other reached for the Stars. Together, they were unstoppable.

Likewise, Leonel had a powerful Constellation, and each one of his Incomplete Worlds seemed to hide another, but he lacked a method of grounding them.

Of course, this was just an idea that he had alone, but it made sense if one thought about it.

A single Constellation could power billions of Morales back in the Dimensional Verse. Even if many of them were weak, and even the strongest of them wouldn't last in this world... that number wasn't something that could be ignored.

Now, that very same Constellation was powering Leonel alone...

So where had all that power gone?

The answer was obvious.

Leonel was just one person. The Constellation had a lot to give, but there was only so much that he could take. Even if he improved his comprehension, it just meant more power that he was incapable of using, while his actual strength increased minimally in comparison.

The terror of the Primordial Terror was its insatiable appetite.

When this technique was activated, it constantly stole from the earth, increasing the capacity of the soul over the course of a battle and stealing more from a world's World Spirit.

With it, if everyone else tired over the course of battle, then one with [Primordial Terror] activated would only strengthen.

And as with [To Ashes. To Dust], the only requirement was an external Force. But this time, it was Earth Force...

With bonus points for Destruction Sovereignty.

These four techniques were what Leonel was creating his Divine Armor based on. Together, they would form the ultimate weapon of mass destruction.

The problem was that Leonel couldn't refine them the way he wanted to, so he had to create a mass Natural Force Art, one built from their blood.

But he was missing the Celestial Bane, only having a White Spectral Tiger to work with. As such, there were two things working against his success. One being the difficulty, and the second being that the materials weren't perfect.

However, when he began to Craft, he seemed to forget all things.

Standing in the middle of the Force Art, the world thrummed around him and every movement caused a stream of rainbow colors to follow the arc of his arms.

He seemed unprecedentedly focused.

It had been a very long time since Leonel sweated the making of any Craft.

But at this moment, he poured his heart and soul into it, giving it absolutely everything he had.

He was so perfectly in tune with his body that his bones seemed to sing like the bows of a violin as his muscles vibrated.

Auspicious Air billowed off of him in waves. Anastasia's world beginning to tremble as an unprecedented Divine Armor slowly began to take shape.