Chapter 2900 More Money (2)

Leonel took a breath and shook his head.

"You're messing with me, right?" He laughed.

"Maybe a little." Aina grinned.

The both of them knew that Aina wasn't actually lying. She truly did need so much. It was just that they could both come up with methods of making up for it.

For example, what if they caught Gods alive and then continuously bled them? That way, you could get a lot more out of a single body rather than having to kill continuously.

Of course, it would take resources to keep them healed up and producing, but it was still far easier than just killing them.

At the same time, as for quality, there were many methods of improving on the quality of blood. Leonel wasn't aware of them, but wasn't this precisely Aina's expertise?

Even if it was Leonel alone, he would just take the crude path of forcefully raising someone's constitution to the God Realms and then taking it from there.

"You can stay here, then," Leonel said.

"Where are you going?" Aina asked, feeling a bit hesitant. She wanted to fight by his side as well. She just didn't expect this to suddenly happen. This was her best chance to grasp the inspiration she had.

Unlike Leonel, she couldn't just revert back to a previous mental state even with her Clairvoyance. She had to grasp it here and now.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"It's about time I start unleashing some true carnage," Leonel said softly, looking into the distance. "Plus, my wife needs to be fed. I need to go on a little bit of a spree."

Aina frowned away her laugh, trying to be serious.

"It's going to be dangerous. I could tell immediately that they don't like the fact I killed a Celestial Terra. Their reaction was... not normal."

Leonel nodded and turned away to leave.

"You don't need to mind it. They should be more worried about what my reaction will be."

After he said this, Leonel vanished.

**

Leonel appeared in the world of red.

The Bubble of the Celestial Embers looked as though it was painted with wisps of flames. The clouds were like dancing embers, the ground felt somehow both solid and ethereal, and even the plants looked as though they were burning down, while still maintaining their form and structure.

It was a world of Fire and Leonel felt its presence more clearly now than he ever had before.

He had truly never sensed the Fire Element so clearly, and he truly felt...

At home.

It was a good place to start a killing spree.

A roar echoed from the skies above and Leonel found that his location had already been found.

Inwardly, he was very surprised.

Anastasia had the ability to hide herself quite well, so the fact that they had found him already meant that the moment he stepped out of the Segmented Cube, they had been able to lock onto his position.

The strength of a Demi-God Race could truly not be underestimated.

"Blackstar," Leonel called out faintly.

A little black mink appeared on Leonel's shoulder. By now, the little guy was maybe not so little, being a meter in length. But compared to other beasts of his strength, he was certainly much smaller.

"We're gonna have some fun," Leonel said with a smile. But there was something particularly eerie about this smile. It didn't reach his eyes at all that seemed to be a pair of smoldering coals.

His hair and sweatpants whipped in the air, the latter pressing against his skin as though it might be ripped away beneath the might of the roaring beast above.

'A Quasi Creation State Dragon. These beasts also seem to be far more powerful than other Races of the same level. Beasts clearly have their own advantages compared to humanoids, despite not being able to use Weapon Forces.'

The pressure Leonel felt from this Celestial Storm was no less than what he would feel if he had been up against a Creation State expert. These Fallen God Beasts were truly no joke. At the very least, they were better than the Owlans in this regard.

With a single flick of its tail, the white, leather-skinned creature had already crossed dozens of kilometers. Leonel could already smell its acrid breath and the descent of its mighty pressure.

Leonel took a step forward, and a spear swirled to life in a cyclone of flames. He clasped it in his palms and then struck out a single time.

BANG!

A vacuum was torn through the world and the Fire Force sang. Leonel could feel the searing heat of his kidneys, but rather than being a painful experience like it had been in the past, it felt more like he had just taken a shot of vodka, the heat spreading through his bloodstream like rushing waters.

A whirlwind of wind pressure tore into the Celestial Storm's eye, rotating so fast that its eyeball was shredded to pieces the same instant a hole was torn out the back of its skull.

Its roar was still echoing in the air as it descended, unable to control its body.

BOOM!

It crashed beneath the suffocating might of Leonel's presence, skidding through the ground and leaving a long trench in its wake.

Leonel tossed the corpse into the Segmented Cube without a care.

He already had a pretty good idea of how he'd help his wife.

The situation wasn't quite bad enough yet for him to use his King's Might out in the open. But that didn't stop him from using King's Might in the Segmented Cube.

He could kill these beasts, capture them, and resurrect them. Once these worlds were ready to evolve, he could bring them out and they would all evolve to have God Constitutions all at once.

By then, it would be an easy matter to bleed them.

And at the center of it all, he wouldn't mind having a few Owlans and a certain... Void Race member.

The cry of a sonorous bird shook the skies.

Leonel looked up, clenching his spear.