Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2902 I Understand

BOOM! A furious aura soared into the skies in a hidden Holy Land. It felt like the world was collapsing for a moment.

Until now, Leonel had taken all the corpses of those he had killed, causing them to vanish from the world. But this time, he had left it behind on purpose despite the value of the corpse.

He was making a very clear point. Unless they started to take him seriously, they were only bound to suffer an even more tragic fate.

He was Leonel Morales, a name that they had ignored until now, but could no longer dismiss.

Nova, a familiar Ancestor Celestial Ember, stood stoically. A powerful pressure coming from her. This was her territory, and yet Leonel was running so rampantly.

What was this child's goal? Just to unleash carnage? He didn't even seem to be targeting the Void Race as much as he had in the past.

She never expected that things would come to this. Back when she stole the Life Tablet from Leonel, she had never even considered what sort of backlash could come with it.

When she found out that she had actually failed in that endeavor, she had only then started to take Leonel with a hint of seriousness. But even then, she just found it a little interesting, feeling that there were certain things that a Wise Star Order could do that were outside her purview, but that still wasn't enough for her to take a Human seriously.

An existence like Leonel appearing was somewhat interesting, but everyone knew that if he soared too close to the sun, he was only a few moments away from a real God descending to take his life.

Even if Leonel didn't awaken the Northern Star Lineage Factor yet, the fact he was a Wise Star Order meant that he could do so at any moment.

This wasn't something that the Gods would want to see. Their reaction to this would be even fiercer than how they'd react to the return of the Fawkes.

As such, although things had seemed somewhat peaceful for Leonel, so long as he truly showed signs of becoming a God, there would be people who would be quick to slap him right back down.

This was why she still hadn't taken Leonel seriously. The moment he displayed power than could truly get him in trouble, it would likewise mean his death.

What she didn't expect was that not only would Leonel display this power, but he would also go out of his way to do so.

What was he trying to accomplish here? Was the boy really so foolish to run headfirst into death just because he happened to awaken a Creation State Dao?

Did he not know how difficult it was to progress through the Creation State? And even if by some miracle he really displayed such continued majesty and moved through this penultimate Realm with the same level of speed, was he not aware of the kind of danger this would put him in?

Was he really so foolish?

Under any other circumstances, Nova would say yes. However, after losing to Leonel's hands once before, she knew that this couldn't possibly be the case.

In fact, she was one of the few people who knew that they had Leonel to thank for this war.

She had yet to expose him because it did little for her when he was just a single ant, anyway. If anything, it would just harm her reputation, and it would also let the Owlans off the hook when, in reality, they wanted their full attention on this war.

If it was up to the Fallen God Beasts, the war would have started ages ago. It was only because the Owlans had dragged their feet for so long that things only kicked off now.

In that respect, she actually had Leonel to thank.

But now, things had gone too far.

"That's enough," she said lightly, speaking to the elders beneath her. "Kill him. Swiftly."

The sonorous call of the elder Celestial Embers rumbled through the skies. Nova waved a wing and stopped the juniors from taking action.

"You are the light of our Race. The few of you haven't been tainted by the weakness of a Demi-God world and will immediately join the ranks of the strongest God geniuses the moment we succeed.

"Do not lose your lives in a worthless, meaningless battle. If not for the seal of Regulators, we would have never fallen to such a state.

"Let your elders shield you once more. I will not lose any one of you. You are too important... because you're the only ones that can crush the geniuses of the Idol Battlefield when the time comes."

...

Astral Winds swam through the clouds with the same imposing might as Nova and eventually gave out the same orders and the same speech, once again holding back their juniors.

...

Again, in another world, Nebulafrost roared into the skies, a furious, murderous intent echoing from him as he stood high in the skies, his claws raking through space and causing them to spark like a fork was being drawn across steel.

...

The only group to remain silent were the Celestial Terrors. It seemed that they had fallen completely dormant despite the death of their genius. It was unknown what Old Terror was thinking.

...

"He's in the Beast Domains?" Minerva said coldly. "I will go. If Shan'Rae is lured there by him, I will also conveniently kill her."

She stood gracefully.

"Do not underestimate the Gods." Minerva's mother said lightly, but without the intention of stopping her daughter.

"You have become a God now, but you have yet to adjust to your power, and your foundation was built upon Demi-God concepts. You are a long way from being as strong as a Ninth Dimensional God," her father added. "You will need time to refine yourself in a true God Realm."

"I understand." Minerva said plainly.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Her parents could only sigh as she vanished.