Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2903 Together

Leonel sat in silence, the beads of sweat around him falling with even greater fervor. Even so, he seemed to be at peace.

Leonel opened his eyes and chuckled.

"You want to take that form?"

"Yip! Yip!"

"Okay. Let's see what you can do then."

Leonel didn't seem to sense the powerful auras headed in his direction at all. Instead, he smiled as he stood to his feet.

Little Blackstar unleashed a roar and suddenly became an enormous tortoise. His shell billowed with smoke, and when he opened his maw, black fog spilled out, drenching the crimson lands.

With a step, Leonel appeared on Blackstar's back. But his gaze couldn't help but flicker with surprise. He sensed that the enormous mountain range that reminded him so much of the Void Palace's mountains carried the aura of the Shadow World.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Leonel's surprise became a wild grin.

Blackstar's progress was beyond his imagining. In an instant, he had already managed to incorporate the abilities of the Celestial Terra and turn it into his own.

At this moment, the Shadow World was projected out into the real world. In flashes, Leonel could be corporeal and incorporeal with a slight intention from Blackstar.

"Let's unleash some real carnage, then. They still seem to be taking us too lightly."

Leonel's voice echoed through the skies as a boom echoed.

A group of Celestial Embers, Celestial Storms, and White Spectral Tigers appeared. There were only nine of them, but each one had a powerful, imposing aura. It seemed like even a single one of them could cause the collapse of an entire world.

"We-."

"Not going to lie, completely uninteresting," Leonel cut off the Celestial Ember. "Come die."

Leonel extended his arm, and Tolliver trembled within his body. His Divine Armor took shape once again, but this time a spear came with it, formed from Little Tolly's body.

It had a body formed from the leather body of a Celestial Storm, a blade carved from the curved black tooth of a White Spectral Tiger. Flames whipped across its surfaces, poking through the scale-like body of the spear, and at the base where pole arm and blade met, a diamond ring lay, connecting the two.

The moment this spear appeared, the world shook, and space shattered.

The expressions of the nine Ninth Dimensional Elders shook.

"God Armament?!"

Leonel's spear spun in his hand and it slapped into place, its blade aimed toward the ground. He paused for just a moment before his torso flexed and his body roared with life, his heart thrumming to the beat of the world.

His spear blade reached into an abyssal hell before it roared upward. A single swing seemed to carry the fury of several God beasts overlapping into one and splitting the skies in two.

"DEFEND!"

The clash caused the world to pale.

Leonel erupted into action, his spear shadows covering the skies. He clashed with the talons of Celestial Embers and the teeth of White Spectral Tigers.

The clouds stormed as slashes of wind and lightning surrounded him, the fury of the Celestial Storms descending in waves.

Suddenly, a roaring white-violet Dragon wrapped around Leonel and roared into the skies, splitting them and dispersing the might of the Celestial Storms.

He took another step, and his blackened blade twinkled. He pulled on [Borne Bane], closing a blade of space heading toward him with one attack, and in the same swift motion, he rotated his hips and split the same spatial rift open again, sending it flying back toward the White Spectral Tiger with even faster speed.

With Dream Force roared and doused the Emberheart Force of the Celestial Embers, suffocating them to the point they couldn't use their emotions to fuel their attacks.

He shifted from one location of the battle to another. He was just a small figure in the midst of mighty beasts that could collapse mountains with a single breath, and yet he was as sturdy as a cargo ship, swaying but never falling.

His gaze radiated an unprecedented cold. He didn't seem to react as arcs of blood flew from his body, cuts appearing on him. However, maybe that was because as quickly as they appeared, they were just as swiftly healed, as though he was radiating an endless amount of vitality.

"[Star Fusion]."

He spoke his first words since the start of the body, and it felt like a gorgeous blue nebula had just exploded with Leonel as the center.

The beautiful sky blue wisp of Stars mixed into his hair and eyes, causing his power to explosively increase once again.

At that moment, the silent Blackstar took action, and the world was instantly swallowed by darkness.

The elders were all experienced people. They knew the mimicry path when they saw it. But they hadn't taken it seriously because how could any old mimicry path beast possibly mimic the Celestial Terra Race?

This was also their own personal bias against contracted beasts as well. They felt that it was a humiliation to their Beast Race that Blackstar even existed, and had planned to deal with him once Leonel was dead.

What they didn't know was that allowing Blackstar to accumulate strength like this might very well be the last mistake they made.

These elders were all exceptionally powerful. Even with their powers suppressed back down to the Demi-God Realms, many of them had Higher Creation State Forces.

Fighting one on one, Leonel might be able to defeat them. But together, he had no chance.

Even though he looked valiant now, that was because he was heavily relying on his Ability Index to keep himself safe, which was working. But if his goal was to actually kill them, that was a pipe dream.

Now, however... he wasn't alone.

When he said that he and Blackstar would unleash carnage together, he meant it.

The halo to Leonel's back trembled wildly and suddenly expanded. In an instant, it had swallowed up the entire world.

Two worlds layered atop of one another and fused. One of Darkness.

And the other of Destruction.