Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2905 Three

Leonel's momentum was undying and extended into infinity.

After he killed the first elder, it was like his spear began to tremble with hunger and greed. Having tasted the blood of a supreme expert once, it wanted to taste it again.

The pressure on him plummeted at first, but then it seemed to multiply. This wasn't only because these old fossils suddenly felt a true threat to their life, but also because of the logistics of the battle.

Leonel's size, when compared to them, was quite literally an ant to a human. They were too large.

Trying to fight in the skies like this when Leonel was just a small target was part of the reason Leonel had been able to continuously find flaws in their battle style.

The moment one of them fell, not only did their fury rise and their sense of seriousness become heightened, but it was also one less large body in the skies to contend again.

Leonel sensed the pressure on him increase, but it was as though he hadn't noticed at all.

The cold sharpness in his gaze remained. Wounds continuously appeared on his body and blood mixed with his sweat, falling to the ground like meteors.

And yet, his bearing only seemed to grow more and more profound.

"Die."

The word resonated with the world once again. It slashed across the world and the skies darkened as though even Blackstar's black fog wasn't menacing enough.

A Celestial Ember was split in two, a mournful cry echoing through the skies.

The pressure increased on Leonel once again, and roars bombarded him.

An invisible sphere of influence formed around him, repelling the furious sound waves. He stood high in the skies, and as his spear drew across the clouds, the power of worlds seemed to fuse into him.

If one were to speak of the plant that had had the most philosophical discussion surrounding it in Earth's history, it wouldn't be a plant at all, but rather a seed.

The mustard seed.

It was one of the smallest seeds in the world, yet capable of growing far beyond its station.

Over these ten years, Leonel had tried everything he could to fix the situation with his Spear Force, but in the end, he was still unable to do so.

Somehow, his Weapon Forces had grown far too powerful or him to wield. Maybe if he was willing to give up on one of them, his battle strength would skyrocket and they would finally grow docile. But without such willingness, he was completely unable to take that step.

He had made them both far too unruly and wild, and neither one of them was willing to take a step back.

Summoning one meant enraging the other and the kind of devastation they would bring to his body was far worse than anything his Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes had ever done to him.

While meditating on this power, Leonel honed his Domain again and again, causing it to reach a point where it could wield the world around him as though everything was Spear Force.

However, just now, he sensed that there was a level beyond this, a level beyond a Domain. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Even with all the progress he had made in ten years, he had never had worthy opponents to go against.

These Ancestors and elders kept wondering what it was he was doing here, and sure, he did have a grand plan that he was slowly inching toward.

But the other reality was that he needed to sharpen himself.

He had countless ideas and breakthroughs swimming around in his mind, but his Ability Index couldn't organize and consolidate them unless he could have a strong enough whetstone to grind against.

As far as he was concerned, these Ancestors were exactly that.

So when he stood there, high in the skies, his Absolute Spear Domain whirling around him and blocking off the sound waves, his cold eyes seemed to go entirely vacant.

His body itself became like the void and all things in the world seemed to still.

In that moment, Leonel felt his Spear Force tremble and shatter past a barrier, entering the Creation State.

The world howled, and the tip of his spear seemed to glow with a gentle light.

At the same time, as though not wanting to be left behind, his Bow Force soared through at the same time.

Leonel's body trembled, and his skin cracked apart.

His aura was elevated once, then twice over.

Forming a Creation State Force wasn't just about gaining a powerful external card. There was a reason that even without eliciting the help of their Forces, Creation State Ninth Dimensional existences were a level above Life State Ninth Dimensional existences.

It was a complete change in foundation, as though the body was being risen to another level.

Suddenly, Leonel's two Incomplete Worlds were nowhere near enough to display the power of his Forces, but it also didn't seem to matter in the slightest.

At that moment, a powerful slash came over, slicing through his Absolute Domain and into his chest.

Blood flew and a cut as deep as bone appeared as crimson fell like the rain.

The furious slash of the White Spectral Tiger had nearly taken Leonel's life in a single blow, and yet Leonel didn't seem to have noticed at all. In fact, his bones were completely untouched.

"Three..."

He spoke lightly.

Another slash came and a bombardment rained down from all sides.

His left arm was almost taken off his body. He lost a part of his right leg from the foot down. He even seemed to have been blinded in an eye.

But he didn't move...

"Two."

Because he couldn't move.

The rampaging of his Bow and Spear Force was so fierce that there was nothing he could do but stand there, focusing all his attention on suppressing them.

"One."

And that was when his final word descended.

Beaten bloodied, he slowly raised his spear once again.

"Zero."