Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2906 Die

Leonel's momentum suddenly erupted.

The next strike flew through his body as though he wasn't even there. He became incorporeal one second and was instantly not the next, swiping out with a spear.

The world was divided in two, but without the appearance of Spear Force, it looked as though he had simply cut into the void with a single strike.

A Celestial Ember elder flapped backward with great speed as the scythe-like fissure erupted near it, but Leonel had already moved on to another target.

His power was slowly rumbling inside him. His injuries were too severe for his Quasi Creation State Vital Star Force to heal, but he still moved as though he were completely healthy.

His vitals roared, and his inner organs churned.

In that moment, he activated his Innate Nodes.

His Quasi Creation State Scarlet Star Force was amplified to the Creation State.

His Quasi Creation State Emulation Spatial Force was amplified to the Creation State.

In that moment, he became akin to a walking Demon amongst mere Mortals. The power of four Creation State Forces threatened to rip his body apart, and yet his will seemed to keep himself together.

Before he fell, he would take them with him.

Leonel took a step and space distorted all around him. Illusion and reality folded onto one another, forming a third world on top of the worlds of Shadow and Destruction.

At that moment, the elders found it difficult to tell up from down and left from right, as though Leonel's Emulation Spatial Force was re-writing the laws of physics.

It only took them half a second to break through this illusion because Leonel's application of it all was far too crude.

And yet by the time they did, they only had time enough to notice a spear piercing through the brows of a Celestial Storm.

BANG!

A head as large as a mountain shattered into a rain of bone and blood, bathing Leonel in its grotesque shards.

The wisp of a small flame danced on the tip of Leonel's blade, and his aura continued to soar.

He consolidated his comprehension of Destruction Sovereignty as he released the full power of his Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes for the first time in a long while.

Runes of gold and red danced around him and his spear thrummed with life and agitation, as though it too sensed it all.

A furious rain of attacks fell on Leonel from all sides, but he became incorporeal.

With a step, he appeared higher in the skies, looking down parallel to the ground. With another, he stepped through a mirror and seemed to multiply into countless figures, all attacking at once.

The elders thought that it was an illusion once again and furiously worked to dispel it, only for a Celestial Ember to be shredded to minced meat.

A crisscross of blades erupted across its body and it fell into thousands of pieces, some perfect cubes, and others rough diamonds. It was as though their sturdy bones were nothing more than wet tissue paper before Leonel's blades.

Suddenly, of the nine, just five remained, and the pressure on Leonel increased once again.

Storms rumbled in the skies, lasers and talons of fire descended, spatial rifts were continuously cut open in a rain of silvery black.

At the same time, Leonel could tell that Blackstar was quickly approaching his limits, and considering the state of his body, so was he.

He had had a massive breakthrough, but the cost was a rain of attacks and he didn't have the ability to heal quickly. And because he had swallowed his Northern Star Lineage Factor to refine his body's constitution and reach the Demi-God grade, he didn't even know if [Instant Recovery] would work anymore, and that was if he was willing to take the risk to expose himself.

Even with all of these thoughts swirling in his mind, Leonel's gaze only became colder and colder, and his spear became swifter and swifter.

His Absolute Domain was quickly shrinking down, and certainly not out of weakness.

The smaller it became, the more valiant he seemed to fight and the sharper his blade seemed to grow.

When it was restricted to just his spear alone, he clashed with the talon of a Celestial Ember, taking their entire claw off in a single swipe.

It was the first time he had won such a direct exchange, and yet his expression didn't falter in the slightest.

When it concentrated to just his blade, he clashed with the claw of a Celestial Storm, and took its entire arm off.

He moved unhindered. Like a kun swimming through raging waters, he left destruction in his wake.

When it concentrated to just the edge of his blade, the world lost all its color.

The philosophy of a mustard seed... it was both profound, yet easy to understand.

Nurturing the growth of a world from just the smallest dot that encompassed all its truth.

And when Leonel could concentrate his world-changing strength to just the tip of his blade...

Time and space didn't seem to matter anymore.

Leonel slashed out, and a White Spectral Tiger was sent reeling. He slashed out again and blood flew from the neck of a Celestial Storm as its entire head was almost taken off. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At that moment, Blackstar reached his limit, and the Shadow World faltered.

To what would have been the shock of all the people in the world, all five remaining Fallen God Beasts turned tail and fled.

And yet, Leonel stood there, doing nothing more than raising his spear as though he had no intention of stopping them.

Time didn't matter.

Space didn't matter.

This was the true Absolute Domain.

At that moment, the aura on the tip of Leonel's blade vanished, and it was as though his Absolute Spear Domain had ceased to be.

Then he pierced his spear out just a single time.

"Die."

Five pillars of spear light descended from the skies like a judgment from the Gods.