Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2907 Only Such

The Fallen God Beasts had scattered, running in five different directions. In the blink of an eye, they had already crossed over a hundred kilometers, and with a sway of their tail, a flap of their wings or a slash from their claws, they were prepared to cross another hundred in an instant.

But that was when the skies and the earth connected.

Their bodies froze, and the devastation below them erupted before it was even clear what had happened to them.

Above them, the clouds dispersed in a whirlwind of spiraling whites. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Below them, a hole as smooth as ice had appeared, as though it had been perfectly sculpted by an artisan rather than the result of a spear strike.

And then blood rained.

The strike was exactly the same for all five. A spear descended, running right through their skulls and exiting out the bottom of their jaws.

Even long after the spear had vanished, space around the region cracked and distorted as though a black hole had been formed. If one got too close, it would even feel as though time was being dilated and your body was quickly entering an event horizon.

The beasts collapsed to the ground, and the world released a mournful wail.

Leonel took long, heaving breaths.

Just now, he had struck out horizontally, yet his blade came down from above. He only struck out once, yet five thrusts had manifested. He pierced out in one instant, yet his strike seemed to have landed at the exact same time.

If this wasn't the pinnacle of spearmanship, it was close. And there were likely only a few people in all of Existence who could strike as beautifully.

Leonel lowered his spear and casually swung it to the side. The ground below him had a curving arc drawn through it, and his aura seemed to deflate at that moment.

He hadn't expected to get so severely injured, and certainly not by his own Forces. But it seemed that there was no way to escape that sort of fate.

It seemed that his Weapon Forces had become even more unruly.

Right now, his Spear and Bow practically followed the same path, and he found it incredibly easy to translate the understanding of one to the other.

The reason his Bow Force had broken through at the same time wasn't just because it was unsatisfied with being left behind. It was because this application of Absolute Domain worked just the same for it as well.

Leonel's spear vanished into his palm, and he coughed up a mouthful of blood.

'A God Armament, huh? I wonder what that is.'

One of the elders had called out in shock when his spear appeared. He hadn't thought much about it until the end of the battle. As usual, though, the Life Tablet was able to give him an answer. In fact, it seemed to have documented all the God Armaments in the world.

Sitting at the very top...

The Hourglass.

That was the name. There was nothing else to it than that, and Leonel was sure that he had seen it before.

Leonel's lip curled. 'One day I'll carve the name of something I created up there with dad's Self Path.'

A God Armament was a part of an expert's body. It was just as useful as a Force or anything of the like in the sense that it elevated one's state of being. If you fused with a strong enough God Armament, it might be even better than forming a Dharma in some cases.

Of course, those were reserved for only the strongest of God Armaments. And, just because you could attempt to fuse with one so powerful, didn't mean that you should.

El'Rion, for example, most definitely hadn't fused with the hourglass. That's because his body, regardless of how strong it was, would implode with any attempt to.

One only need to look to see the state of Leonel after he finished his Divine Armor this time around to know that if one's foundations weren't great enough, a God Armament would at best be useless to you, and at worst kill you.

But Leonel found something else to be interesting about all of this, and that was the fact one of a God Armament's characteristics, the fusing with the body and the elevation of constitution...

Was eerily similar to the Morales Divine Armor technique.

In fact, now that Leonel thought about it, the Morales Divine Armor was the only method of its kind that he had ever seen.

To create a treasure, and then fuse with it...

By now, Leonel had seen enough of the world to say with confidence that the Morales were the only existences capable of this.

However, this didn't fill him with pride, but rather coldness. His gaze flashed with a murderous intent.

The creation of the Morales was thanks to the Demoness, wasn't it? It seemed that every aspect of his life was just one big experiment to this woman.

However, his father had broken that mold.

Leonel's Divine Armor this time wasn't a true God Armament, that's because God Armaments had to also be Ninth Dimensional and, obviously... Gods.

That said... it was effectively a God Armament. And this was the strength of the Self Path.

With a sweep of his hand, he put all the corpses away.

Like he had said, this Divine Armor of his would be the official uniform of his people. Of course, they wouldn't be able to withstand one as powerful as his, and he wouldn't make them spears, but having one would elevate their bodies to another level.

It was just that it was only now that he knew that he was effectively creating God Armaments for them all.

And that was fine, too.

Leonel grinned.

In this world, there were probably only a few dozen characters capable of creating God Armaments.

And he was one of them.

Leonel's aura faded, and he coughed up another mouthful of blood. It seemed he had to hurry and heal up.

Just as he was about to make a move, his pupils constricted and he spun around.

Standing there, barely three meters from him, Minerva stood with her hands clasped behind her back.

Only such a Dream Force expert could possibly sneak up on him like this.

Looking at the crown of Dream Sovereignty above her head, Leonel's gaze couldn't help but narrow.

Not only was her Dream Force a level above his own, she was in the Ninth Dimension and was a Sovereign.