Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2910 Waveform

The arrow left a tail of split space in its wake, moving with such conviction and speed that even the laws of the World Spirit couldn't keep up and mend it all.

Minerva reacted instantly. With how close they were, there was no time to do anything else but swing her sword upward.

Her power exploded forth, and she met the arrow. But to her surprise, she couldn't seem to finish the arc of her swing.

Her sword froze and the angle of the arrow mysteriously changed, meeting her blade head on, perfectly perpendicular.

The force pressed down, and suddenly an overwhelming strength pushed her back.

Minerva had soared an entire 20 meters back before she managed to flap her wings once, withstanding the great pressure to shatter the arrow, but by that point, Leonel had already pulled on his bowstring again.

He stood in the skies, high and dignified. The entire Bubble world seemed to be in his purview. Even hiding to the edges of the world couldn't hide any one of his targets from his sights.

Distance simply didn't matter.

They could be just three meters from him.

They could be thousands of kilometers away.

Or they could be just 20 meters away.

PENG!

This time, the tail of space was even more exaggerated. It looked like a speedboat shooting through a calm lake, splitting everything in its path apart.

PENG! PENG!

Leonel erupted, one arrow after another taking shape from seemingly empty air, and each and every one carried world-shaking power.

Minerva realized quickly that her Domain was worthless. Leonel wasn't even using Bow Force, so what was there to suppress? In fact, it was her Force that was being suppressed beneath the strength of the Borne Bane's teeth.

Her Holy Force was also exceptionally good at shattering its way through Force. It was known for its ability to purify and dispel. As such, while Golden Force was known as the strongest piercing Force, that was only because Holy Force didn't technically do just this alone.

Golden Force had gained this title because all it could do was penetrate.

But if one took into account Holy Force's ability to dispel Forces, functionally, it had even stronger piercing power than Golden Force.

As such, despite being on her back foot because she had been caught off guard, she quickly regained her bearings.

Arrows of black and arcs of gold met in the skies. Sparks flew and shattered remnants fell from the clouds.

Leonel's steady rhythm never wavered until he suddenly became faster.

The flaming bowstring added a fire characteristic to his arrows and his Destruction Sovereignty erupted.

At the same time, the skies fell to the night, and a Constellation appeared high in the skies.

The stars rearranged and became an arrogant man standing tall and unhindered, pulling the string of a bow so far back that it seemed that it might snap at any moment.

[Domain] fell.

[Universe] activated.

[Finality] swirled to life and Leonel's aura erupted all at once.

PENG! PENG! PENG!

Minerva's pupils constricted, and her sword trembled. A sword howl filled the skies, and she drew a circle in the air. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

A sword formation appeared in the skies and several golden feathers peeled away from her golden sword.

Her wings flapped once and several runes came from it, fusing into the sword formation.

The Force Art thrummed with life and the aura of Auspicious Air filled the skies as a resonance of the ages was formed.

The Lineage Factor of the Minerva God Race activated.

The sword formation rotated a single time, and Leonel's arrows were shredded to pieces.

However, by this point, Leonel had already drawn his bow once again, the Constellation in the skies shining so bright that it seemed to be day once more.

Time rippled and suddenly it felt like Leonel had split into dozens of overlapping versions of himself. Some had his bow at 20%, some at 40%, some at 100%.

It looked as though he had dozens of arms and dozens of legs, each just slightly offset from each other.

Suddenly, all of his iterations snapped into focus and he became just one person again.

But when he released his bowstring, the skies were filled with a rain of arrows.

Friction. Velocity. Momentum. Waveforming. Folding.

All five levels of [Universe] seemed to be like play putty in Leonel's' palms.

Some arrows used Friction to accelerate.

Some used Momentum and Velocity to suddenly change direction in the air, shooting high up into the skies and suddenly beaming downward like a laser of silver from a Sun God.

Some approached Minerva straight forwardly, seemingly blinking across vast distances with a snap of the fingers. In one moment, they were by Leonel's side, and in the next, they were right in front of her.

But just as Minerva swung, they used Waveform, phasing right through her sword as though it wasn't even there at all and appearing before her vital organs.

The last batch ignored all laws of reality. Fueled by [Finality], they blinked across space as though they didn't travel at all, but rather like space had been folded to accommodate them.

They each carried the violent aura of Destruction and the endless fire of Scarlet Star Force.

Leonel seemed to be a Bow God descending into the world. He controlled countless variables at once and he alone seemed to be akin to an entire army.

Minerva was instantly assaulted from all sides, blood flying as she failed to block many of them.

Arrows tore into her body and her sword failed to stop much more than just about 20% of them.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel stood high, never lowering his bow as he pulled again. The deathly cold in his gaze only seemed to become more frigid. He had not the slightest intention of giving Minerva even the smallest room to breathe.

As he had said.

She made a mistake.

Maybe if he was still injured, she would stand a chance.

Minerva coughed up a mouthful of blood, and then suddenly grinned a maddened smile.

"Good."