Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Just when Leoenl was about to go all out with Lamorak, a familiar voice called out once again.

<Third Trial Complete>

<Group 7 Results Calculated>

<…>

<Leonel - 302 points>

<Umred - 212 points>

<Gawain - 197 points>

<Cralis - 189 points>

<Lamorak - 168 points>

…

Cralis and Umred were both Demon Lords ranked #4 and #2 respectively. Gawain and Lamorak both were Knights of the Round Table. It could be said that Leonel's group for the third trial was among the strongest. To say that he was unlucky was a definite understatement.

If it wasn't for this, he wouldn't have been in such a sorry state.

During the second round, he relied on himself to gain a perfect evaluation. However, he had been targeted during this third trial since his marksmanship gave him a great advantage. As a result, he had no choice but to get Little Blackstar's help.

He should have known that by doing this, he would have given Lamorak the excuse he needed to target a fellow human. It was no secret to Leonel that the little mink was a Dark Elemental creature. He had expected Lamorak to use such an excuse. But, what he hadn't expected was for the demons to also take the opportunity to target him.

Surprisngly, the only one who didn't target him was Gawain. Yet, despite this, Umred ranked above him in the end. This made Leonel several points more serious about the Demon Lords. It was clear that not allof them were as weak as the #62 Demon Lord he took the life of just a few months prior.

Leonel turned toward Umred, trying to catch his breath.

The #2 Demon Lord looked like a devil risen from hell. He stood three meters tall and had skin the color of crimson. There were two horns that adorned his head. They pierced? and curled upward menacingly, vibrating with a hidden, dark power.

Umred's chest was completely bare and his lower half was covered by dark beast skins. He wielded two battle axes, one to each of his massive hands. Their blades seemed as large as his body, dwarfing him despite his size.

Cralis was a demon of large size as well. However, rather than being red, he was covered from head to toe in deep black scales harder than steel. And, rather than wielding battle axes, he wielded a massive broad sword of over three meters in length.

Whether it was the two demons or the two knights, all of them were looking toward Leonel. Three of them had somewhat reluctant expressions, only Gawain seemed to be expressionless.

Leonel glared back at them all, his chest heaving up and down. He had already reached the point where just these few had no ability to pressure him any longer.

Without another word, he stepped onto his small grey platform and soared back up.

"Big Brother, are you okay?"

Leonel took a deep breath. "I'm fine. It's not a big deal."

Little Nana frowned at these words. She could tell from the tone of Leonel's voice that he wasn't as fine with these matters as it seemed.

Toward such a reaction, Nana couldn't help but feel somewhat speechless. What was it? Did he expect to not suffer a loss after being targeted by so many powerful beings? In fact, did he even really suffer such a loss? Wasn't he still first?

However, Nana had no idea that the reason Leonel was so short and succinct wasn't because of this. Though it played a part, it wasn't everything.

At the moment, Leonel had an uncomfortable, suffocating feeling in his chest. It was the kind of feeling he only felt due to Aina.

For some reason, Leonel felt as though there was something wrong with Aina at this very moment. Yet, he was still years away from leaving these trial grounds. And, even if he left right now, it would be impossible for him to find her immediately.

This left him feeling anxious, so anxious that he didn't even think about why he was so certain these thoughts were reality.

It was no wonder, then, that Leonel almost completely snapped just a moment ago. If it wasn't for the trial ending, there was no telling what he would have done in that moment.

<Trial Grade: Perfect>

<Skill Points Rewarded: 3020>

<Special Reward: 1 Special Star Ticket. 3 Star Points>

<Perfect Grade Recovery Rewarded>

A pillar of gold descended upon Leonel. He had no choice but to discard any distracting thoughts he had. Even if he wanted to rush to Aina right now, he couldn't do so without strength. If he wasted this time, any small chance he had would just shrink all the more so.

Star Force rotated within Leonel's body. As time passed, he felt his Force growing more and more crystallized.

'Just a little more… Just a little more and I'll be able to form my final Nodes.'

Each recovery reward Leonel gained was worth three to four months of normal meditation. After two perfect recovery rewards in a row, Leonel had already managed to cover over half a year of meditation. With a few more rewards like this, he would be able to meet his goal.

"Nana, come over here."

A sudden voice sounded as Leonel opened his eyes. He didn't need to look over to know that it was Pope Margrave. Before Leonel could even react to the words, the first thing he noticed was Nana's imperceptible trembling. It was as though she was deep within a nightmare.

Seeing Nana's hesitation, Margrave frowned.

"Did you not hear me?"

The dignity in his voice raised several levels. Despite the fact he didn't raise its volume, it felt as though his words were thundering in the little girl's ears, causing her blood to rush in reverse.

Little Nana's hands gripped at her chest. It looked like she would bend to the pressure at any moment. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

At this instant, the eighth round of the third trial was beginning, but at least half of the remaining participants had suddenly turned their gazes toward their direction.

However, no one could have expected Leonel's reaction.

"I'm not in the best of moods right now, Pope.. Scram."