Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2917 Gruesome

Elysium didn't say a single word. He just stood there, and his expression had already returned to calm. It was just unfortunate that the changes to the world never seemed to stop, so no matter what his face looked like, it was worthless.

Just like Leonel had said.

He was an open book.

Then, to Leonel's surprise, Elysium vanished without a word. He might have thought that it was for an attempted attack if it wasn't for the fact that he also took Minerva with him.

Even after several moments, there were no other movements, and even the change to the world slowly faded away.

'It seems I've made a powerful enemy again.'

Leonel said these words almost carelessly, as though he didn't care.

In truth, he knew that Elysium might try it if it hadn't been for his Dream Force Breakthrough. But after that, it had become several times more difficult to outmaneuver Leonel.

This was because Elysium's main Force certainly wasn't Dream Force, and though his Dream Force was definitely in the Creation State as well, it wasn't his Sovereignty. The combination of his Dimension and his constitution made his Dream Force extend far further than Leonel's did. But in the end, Leonel was confident in bridging that gap with his Wise Star and Sea Order status.

It wouldn't be enough to overwhelm them, or even truly be equal, but it would be enough for him to protect himself long enough to destroy this world.

When he realized that, Elysium reacted as only a man so arrogant would.

Rather than trying to threaten or persuade Leonel, he directly left. That was because he felt that Leonel should know himself the kind of enemy he had just made. There was no need to inform him that was that was arrogance of the Minerva Race Head.

If before he had been fine with giving Leonel a path to live, when the time was ripe, Leonel would be the first head he took.

Leonel's lip curled into a sneer, but soon afterward, his Bow Force dispersed and he coughed up a mouthful of blood. He couldn't help but glare at the fading halo-like bracelets.

To think that his own Forces would still be so unruly.

'I truly think the only way to fix this is to find two separate Incomplete Worlds that can accommodate them. Only that way will they not clash and I can finally use them again.

'But finding Worlds perfect for Weapon Forces...'

Leonel sighed. That was far too difficult.

Weapon Forces were created by humanoids as a method of self-protection. They weren't like other Forces and you wouldn't necessarily be blessed with an affinity either.

Rather, what people mistook for Weapon Force affinities were other lesser Forces that you happened to have an appropriate combination of affinities for.

These were Forces like Sharpness or Swiftness, and they were precisely the building block Forces that Drake was currently using to try to create his Gun Force.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

This was to say that finding an Incomplete World for his Bow and Spear would be nigh impossible.

He would have to completely reshape an Incomplete World instead. Or, he would have to find an Incomplete World with a tribe or Race of people with particular affinities and then make them the dominant Race. But whether that was possible with his current skill was hard to say. It felt like that would take more than he had.

And just finding the Incomplete Worlds themselves would be a tall task.

Leonel coughed up another mouthful of blood, feeling annoyed by the weakness of his body, but not being able to do much about it.

'If there's a next Incomplete World I need to focus on, it should certainly be for my Vital Star Force. It's the one Force I have the least affinity for and I need all the help I can get.'

Vital Star Force had been the last of Leonel's Forces to reach the Quasi Creation State, and it was the most slow-going.

Incomplete Worlds focused on Life Force were also rare, as would be the case for all high level Forces.

However, it would certainly be far easier than doing the same with Weapon Forces.

'One step at a time.'

Leonel thought this as his eyes flashed with a cold light.

It should be that the Fallen God Beasts were sufficiently infuriated now. And now, Elysium was aware that he was aware of their plan.

The level of hatred they would have toward him would certainly be at an all-time high now, and almost all of his pieces had been perfectly set on the board.

In the end, arrogant or not, he'd be the one who got the last life.

"Oop, better run."

Leonel went from a frigid cold to a spry rabbit in the blink of an eye. Barely minutes after he had vanished, red-gold feathers fell from the skies as an Ancestor Celestial Ember appeared.

Nova looked down with narrowed eyes. The carnage was palpable, but.... Blood. She could see it, and Leonel hadn't bothered to clean it up.

The life signatures of nine distinct existences were down there. And now all of them were gone.

Just the fact that Leonel could draw blood from all nine of them was something that was shocking enough, but what did it mean that they were gone now...

They were dead.

It was a thought Nova didn't want to believe, but it was one she had to.

A single human boy had fought nine elders of their Fallen God Beast lineage alone and actually won?

No, it even seemed that he had another battle afterward with an... Owlan? Minerva? And he seemed to have won that battle as well.

Nova drew a line across the skies with her wing and the volatile space in the region seemed to retrace a particularly valiant arrow, one that made her pupils constrict into fiery pinholes.

She flapped her wings once and soared across the world.

"Leonel Morales. You will die a gruesome death."

It was a gentle voice, but it shook the world.