Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2918 Unbeatable

Leonel heard the voice, and he burst into a laughter, uncaring for the state of his body. Every rumbling chuckle seems to cause another rain of blood to fall from him, but he was at complete peace even with his body being ravaged to this extent.

That interaction with Elysium had truly pissed him off. Even making him back off like that wasn't enough, because it was clear the man was still as arrogant as ever.

The only way Leonel would feel satisfied is if he truly made them suffer.

All of them.

The Variant Invalids tried to steal his wife right from under his nose.

The Celestial Embers had cooperated with the Owlans to try to steal his Life Tablet and Anastasia.

Minerva had tried to kill him more than once, humiliating him several times, and in the end, he could only let her get away because he didn't have the strength to stop Elysium.

The frustration was boiling over to the point he had almost returned to his old ways.

But it was fine.

If he couldn't crush them with his fists, then he would take advantage with his blade when he could, and then crush them with his mind.

His laughter echoed throughout the world, and yet the Celestial Ember that was able to cross an entire world with just a single flap of her wings couldn't seem to find him at all. It was like he had truly vanished.

...

At that moment, in another corner of the battlefield, a familiar Void Race member appeared in a cosmic swirl of black and violet. She frowned, her senses spreading, and almost instantly, she retreated into the portal again.

The fury of Nova was palpable, and it had spread across the entire world. As arrogant as Shan'Rae was, she knew that she was no match for an Ancestor level character.

Ironically, the moment she stepped into the world, he had been forced to vanish once again.

...

Leonel crossed the voice, his body shuddering.

Soon, he found a simple and plain Complete World and fell into it. He buried himself deep underground and then entered the Segmented Cube.

He fell like a flopping fish and gasped for breath.

'Son of a bitch, that really almost killed me.'

Leonel slowly took his time to catch his breath, but in the end, he chose to just activate [Instant Recovery]. He wasn't sure if it would work, but it was better to find out now than another time. After all, he was completely safe within the Segmented Cube, and since the world was entirely under Anastasia's control, he didn't need to worry about being sensed by others.

To Leonel's surprise, it really did still work.

Almost shockingly well.

'What?'

Leonel shot up as curtains of gold fell onto him. He was stunned.

This was the first time he had used [Instant Recovery] since coming to wider Existence. But looking at it not, he felt that it was on a completely different level.

Was it because he had devoured the Golden Tiger Lineage Factor? Or was it because of the mutated path he was taking?

'No, it's all more complicated than that.'

As far as Leonel could tell, there was a second important factor, and that was the Complete Worlds themselves.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He had always thought that [Instant Recovery] was pulling from himself, but that only seemed to be part of the case. The reason there were always such phenomena in the outside world was precisely because it was communicating with the outside world as well.

It seemed that just now, not only had [Instant Recovery] perfectly healed him, but his body had increased to a proportional amount.

If Leonel was correct, then this was a normal function of [Instant Recovery] when used in an Incomplete World. But because he had swallowed the Lineage Factors and turned them into his body potential, the effect was multiplicative. As a result, the improvement to his constitution might have been small, but it was still noticeable.

It was enough that even if he didn't have the Control Ability Index, he would have still noticed. Even someone who had only recently begun to take their training seriously would notice.

'An entire percentage point? Can I replicate that? Is it because my state of injury was just that bad? Or is it something else?'

Leonel looked deeper and found that he had actually moved along in the stages of progress that Aina had mentioned all that time ago.

Right now, he had reached 30% integration. As Aina had said back then, to push it past 30%, they needed to take drastic measure, forming a feedback loop between his body, brain, Ethereal Glabella and Soul.

But just now, it felt like [Instant Recovery] had done that all on its own.

Leonel suddenly wanted to run and tell his wife, but he couldn't do that. She was in the middle of having a breakthrough of her own.

'That much is fine. I don't need a huge boost in my strength right now. Now that I'm certain that [Instant Recovery] holds a secret to elevating my body to a new level, I can do it any time. Right now, my mind is more important, and this is just secondary.

'That said...'

Leonel did a few more tests, trying to figure something out.

Then he had a thought.

If [Instant Recovery] still worked, then the Dark Northern Lineage Factor reciprocal, their life steal ability, should likewise work.

'Hm...'

Leonel walked to one of the many Fallen God Beast corpses he had accumulated and placed a hand on one. Then, he used [Life Steal].

His eyes opened wide immediately as he felt the changes to his body.

'Holy shit...'

Once again, there was a feedback between the world and the technique that amplified their abilities. And, on top of that, the amplification only seemed to increase because of the modifications he had made to the Lineage Factor.

'If only I could use these techniques openly... I would be an unbeatable monster...'