Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2919 Couldn't Afford

Leonel realized something shocking. The same bodily improvements that [Instant Recovery] allowed him appeared in [Life Steal], but it was even more straightforward. In fact, it felt more complex than that.

He could even feel that he could make changes to his Divine Armor through this method, using the blood of stronger beasts to strengthen it further and make it run smoother.

These elder beasts would have been impossible to kill without his Divine Armor, but it seemed that now he could accept the fruits of his labor.

'Not quite. It's more complex than that. If I absorb the blood of a Celestial Ember, I would throw the balance off. I would need to use it on all four at the same time, but I can't do that since I can only cast the technique once...'

It seemed that, once again, he would need to wait for his wife. Only her Blood Sovereignty could help him get past this barrier.

However, if he ignored his Divine Armor for the moment, he could directly improve his body. It felt like a soothing tonic was running right through him.

'Hm? I can do that too?'

Leonel's gaze flickered. He realized that he could pass on this refined energy to his Incomplete Worlds. And then, when he needed them, he could take them out.

Didn't that mean that he could secure healing for himself in a stealthy way? Did he find a method to use it in public?

But once again, Leonel was disappointed. There were two problems with this approach.

The first issue was the fact that his worlds were technically worlds of Destruction now. No, more accurately, they were fueling and amplifying his Destruction World into a real world.

The aspects of Destruction were still there, so over time, the energy was depleted and crushed.

He could store the energy inside the Incomplete Worlds themselves, that seemed to be just fine, but then it would be no different from storing it in a spatial ring or something of the sort.

The moment he took it out, the aura of the [Life Steal] technique would leak and then it would make no different that he hadn't used it directly.

If he could store it in his Destruction World itself, it would have been a direct link and he would never need to take it out of his body to use it.

'So many issues everywhere. Maybe I should really take a look at those Life Tablet techniques again to see if I can find a technique that won't get me killed.'

Leonel chuckled to himself and stretched his back out.

He had rested for more than enough. Well, if enough could be counted in a couple minutes at best.

It was time to get back to work.

As for the matters surrounding the Life Tablet, he didn't have time to consider it.

As for what questions people might have about his recovery, didn't he have Anastasia as the perfect cover? Let them assume the pods had warped time for him and given him enough time to recover.

'It seems that I've still been too nice until now.'

**

Leonel ripped a fist through the post of an Owlan.

Without another word, he turned and left.

That was already his seventh Owlan level elder killed. He seemed to have completely forgotten about his grudge with the Void Race and was just unleashing unholy hell on the so-called new age Minerva.

Everywhere passed, there was only blood left in his wake. He didn't even bother to count those beneath the elder level any longer.

He moved unhindered, and if before the elders could only pressure him together, now they had a hard time doing so at all.

News of Leonel's carnage spread, but by the time anyone strong enough to stop him came, he had already left through the void to unleash another rampage on another world.

The number of elders they were losing was starting to hurt their bottom line.

There was no denying it. If too many of these old monsters died, then even if they succeeded in rising to the God Realm, it wouldn't matter at all. That's because without enough of a foundation, what good would it be? They would just be massacred.

Although these elders weren't their true trump cards, much of their potential would be unearthed by returning to God Realms as well. By then, they wouldn't be a strong enough deterrent force to stop the Gods from launching another war against them, and this was what they least wanted to see.

However, no matter what they did, it didn't seem to matter. It was as though they couldn't catch traces of Leonel anymore. Even the Peak Creation State experts they sent couldn't do anything.

After Leonel's Dream Force breakthrough, only the like of Elysium and the other monsters of the Fallen God Beasts could possibly catch him unawares.

But what was even worse was that it seemed that Leonel only seemed to be getting stronger with every exchange.

The battles became shorter and shorter.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Soon, they weren't even getting information about battles anymore. They were only confirming deaths by disappearances.

And worse than that, they had confirmed that Leonel almost certainly had a method of traveling between worlds exceptionally quickly, but that left them stunned. They had sealed all these worlds, and the only thing that should be capable of this was Spatial Force.

And yet...

...

Elysium sat in silence, his expression the same picture of indifference. He listened to the reports one another without a word.

At this rate, someone of his caliber would really have to step out... The problem was that the Fallen God Beasts didn't have the mastery over Dream Force necessary to counter Leonel's escapes.

But where would he put his face if he had to act again, and what would they do about Leonel's threat to destroy the worlds?

In the end, it looked like he had gone and provoked someone he couldn't afford to.