Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel wasn't a person who got pushed to anger easily. Even when he was oppressed several times by Camelot or even the powers he had been a part of in the past, being vicious with his words wasn't normally the route he would take.

His usual response would be calm and collected, even to the point of bordering on inhumanly cold. But now, after swallowing several grievances, being targeted by the very people he was meant to save in this damned Zone, and now seeing a little girl being so blatantly bullied before so many…. He snapped.

He looked toward the handsome Pope Margrave, his hair billowing beneath his own aura.

Margrave's gaze narrowed.

Though Leonel had called him Pope, it didn't carry a hint of respect. And, as if the disrespect wasn't enough… he actually told him to scram?

Margrave remained silent for several moments. The motives for his actions were quite obvious. He was the Pope of The Church while Leonel just revealed that his beast companion was a demon beast. How could he allow one of his own people to interact with such a man?

Modred looked over with a hint of curiosity in her eyes. There was even a hint of understanding and compassion within them, as if she understood Leonel's plight. But, just as quickly as it appeared, it disappeared just as fast.

Margrave didn't respond to Leonel directly and turned back toward Nana.

"Are you sure this is what you want?"

His words seemed to be hinting at something. Yet, only Nana herself seemed to understand. Everyone else was completely left in the dark.

Little Nana's trembling grew fiercer. It became quite obvious to Leonel that this wasn't just a matter of being associated with him.

While others might not know it, Leonel knew that Nana wasn't of this world. In a few years, this Pope would have no control over her life whatsoever. So, while others who heard their conversation assumed that the Pope was an elder advising Nana for the sake of her future, Leonel knew that she wouldn't react like this if it was just about that… Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Leonel stood up and stepped into the void that separated his and Nana's platform. It seemed like he was committing suicide for a moment, yet in the next instant, he actually took a step on the air, shocking all those who were watching him.

Of course, Leonel was using his treasure shoes to mimic such an effect, but the others had no way of knowing this.

Little Nana was so shaken that she hardly noticed when Leonel had already appeared before her. If it wasn't for his shadow, she would have noticed anything at all.

"Ah…!"

"Do you want to leave here?" Leonel asked.

"Ah…" Little Nana was speechless.

If she could leave, wouldn't she have? What was Leonel saying? She was confused about exactly what was happening.

"Do you?" Leonel pressed.

"Y-yes…"

"Good."

Leonel nodded. Then, he brought out the Segmented Cube and allowed her to enter. In one instant, there was nothing but a small gray platform and two youngsters. In the next, there was no one but Leonel standing outside of a large five by five meter box. In fact, the cube was so large that Leonel was able to step from it to his original grey platform without using his treasure shoes.

Pope Margrave's brow furrowed.

What was this supposed to accomplish?

How could Pope Margrave know of the Segmented Cube's abilities? Entering it was like being disconnected from the world entirely.

During the second trial, Leonel had had thoughts of entering the Segmented Cube. But, something made him rethink doing so and he asked the dictionary about it first.

As expected, once he entered the Segmented Cube, he would be considered to have left the Merlin Trials. If he did that, he would lose the right to fight for the Four Seasons Realm comprehension.

However, for someone like Little Nana, this was perfect for her. She would no longer be restrained by the trials. But, from now until the trials ended, she would have to remain within the Segmented Cube. There was no telling how the trial grounds would react to a 'dead' participant suddenly coming back.

Leonel landed on his own platform, his chest heaving slightly. This was the first time that his recovery didn't bring him back to 100%. However, this only made sense. He had directed all of the Star Force toward concentrating his Force.

In addition, for whatever reason, Leonel seemed unaware that he had already awakened the Healing Branch of his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor. If not for this, how could he ever worry about his body's condition? How could he ever have been put into such a sorry state just moments ago?

It seemed that Leonel had truly been unconscious during the matters of that day…

After landing, Leonel turned back toward the Pope only to see that the latter was already looking toward him. However, Leonel disregarded him the very same way he had once disregarded Leonel.

This time, though, the Pope didn't seem intent on maintaining his silence toward Leonel.

He sighed. "Are you not aware that your actions have made an enemy of all those here?"

Leonel's footsteps paused. If it wasn't for his mood, he may very well have laughed at what he had just heard.

He was a Leonel Morales. He was a man who, despite his modest upbringing, managed to gain the love and adoration of a school filled with nobles.

Who among those who went to Royal Blue Academy didn't know his name? Who among them didn't respect him and have a good opinion of him? Even when he 'shamed' himself and never missed a day of confessing to Aina, not a soul made fun of him for it and they even encourage him.

Yet, after the world changed, everything seemed to change along with it. It seemed that no matter where he went or what he did, he would be hated, ostracized, and targeted. It was as though after the new world order descended, his charisma, his kind heart, his warm nature… it all wasn't worth a single shit anymore.

Thinking to this point, Leonel began to laugh, unable to hold it back. He genuinely laughed, finding it all to be very funny.

"Then be my enemy." Leonel said after he finished laughing.

He didn't say any other words and his tone even seemed somewhat sad. But that was all. He didn't spare the Pope another glance.

<Third Trial Complete>

<Group 8 Results Calculated>

<Random Event Triggered>

<70% or more of those participating have gained animosity toward one trial taker [Leonel]. Survival Event triggered>

<10x the rewards for participant [Leonel]>

<Half the rewards for enemy participants>

<Location Chosen: Camelot>

<Trial Chosen: Capture the Flag>

<Time Limit: 23:59:59>