Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2923 Creation

Feeling the creation that came from it, Leonel took a breath, and it was like the entire world had been sucked into his body. He wasn't using the motes of light to strengthen himself, though he could have. Rather, he was using them to listen to the voice of Creation.

Right now, although he had two Destruction Sovereignties, it might even be more accurate to separate them, calling one Destruction Sovereignty, and the other... Creation Sovereignty. He knew well enough what Destruction Sovereignty could do, or so he thought. Usually, he just used it to amplify his attack power.

But what about Creation Sovereignty? Or on a deeper layer of complexity, Destruction Sovereignty following the path of Creation?

He could feel his Innate Nodes churning, their runes lighting up as his Fire Sovereignty rolled. It was truly the perfect conduit. Fire was an object that could bring wealth, fuel ingenuity, and maybe learning how to spark it was the most important discovery in human history.

But it was also destructive, relentless, fuelled by oxygen it could swallow everything in its path and burn worlds to the ground. In a lot of ways, it was the purest essence of chaos, wasting much of its power in crackling lights and erratic wisps of flickering flames.

Leonel looked up almost lazily, but the truth was that his mind was surrounded by insights, incorporating everything that he had learned in the last ten years and forming it all together in a single burst of potential. He thrust out with his spear again, but this time it looked simple and unadorned, hardly holding any strength or power at all.

But then his lips parted.

"Split."

It was a simple word of English when Leonel spoke it, and yet to the ears of the Invalids, it sounded as though he had just spoken the language of the Gods. It was cryptic and unassuming, and yet layered and profound.

It was impossible for them to hear the exact word he spoke, and even if a Dream Force expert tried to see through its mysteries, their soul might directly shatter. The simple thrust did exactly as Leonel said, splitting into an endless rain.

If thousands were dying before, then it could only be said that hundreds of thousands were dying with every stroke now. Leonel moved, formed, and every time he thrust, he spoke a word. It was like he was a child trying out a new toy.

With the Creation Path Destruction Sovereignty, he could exhibit as much as 20% of the power of the strike he had used to nearly kill Minerva. Before grasping this, even 1% would have been a pipe dream. No matter how hard he had tried over the years to exhibit King Alexandre's Ability Index. Although he had the Life Tablet, it could only help him access the ability, but helping him to progress through the tiers of control and power wasn't in its purview.

However, right now, he truly felt like the world was in his palm. If he used this method and his Divine Armor at the same time, what kind of power would he be able to exhibit?

The sea of Invalids was truly endless, but only a few of them were true threats as Variant Invalids. The rest were only normal Invalids, brainless and capable of being mowed down like grass. Of course, such existences weren't meant to be so weak. Even normal Invalids had seemingly endless evolution potential and could always progress by devouring.

But Leonel seemed to be the perfect counter to them, his presence suffocating and his four Sovereignties ripping them apart one after another. Even wading through armies of billions upon billions, he was relentless. The Variant Invalids were all stunned, not quite knowing what to do. Some tried to close in and surround Leonel, but it seemed that they were either repelled away or directly killed every time.

The worst part was that their entire world seemed to have become the battlefield and there was nowhere to escape. It wasn't so easy to break through and out of an Incomplete world. It was the reason that most in Incomplete Worlds felt that their universes were infinite. That was because without the strength or understanding, it functionally was. Those of their worlds with the means to leave had already done so to unleash their carnage onto the world.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Who would have thought that Leonel would truly take this chance to come here and wipe them out? The horrifying part about him was that they wouldn't have even known that Leonel was here if not for his breakthrough. Didn't that mean that he could have just gone to their planets one by one and killed them all if not for this?

And yet, the fact they had all gathered up together seemed to be irrelevant. The laws of an Incomplete World were like paper. That was why their Regulators had no choice but to suppress powerful existences. But what happened when you were not only in a world with such fragile laws, but could also easily ignore its restrictions... and then suddenly gain the ability to speak your thoughts to reality, creating with every step you took?

What kind of devastation would that cause? One would assume that it would look a lot like a singular young man facing off against an army of trillions and cutting them down by the millions, moving unfettered and without care or restraint. How many years of accumulation had it taken them to form a world where they could live? Was it all going to be taken down in a single day?

Leonel didn't seem to feel their plight at all. In fact, his control was becoming more focused, more streamlined. At some point, instead of having to visualize exactly what he wanted to happen every time, he created Dreamscapes of them. Then, he used Dream Clone, an ability he hadn't in a long time, and built models of them.

In that instant, Leonel's efficiency skyrocketed, his gaze glowing. He was going to enjoy the downfall of the Owlans, this time even better than the last.