Chapter 2924 Zephy

Leonel took a breath. Even with his increased rate of killing, it was still a heavy task to kill so many. Had he not had such a breakthrough, it would have been much easier because no one would have sensed him and he could have taken his time to go planet to planet. But since he had, there was no avoiding the large-scale battle.

'Such a shame.'

Leonel looked around and couldn't help but shake his head. This Invalid warped world was actually perfect for him to absorb. The Creation and Destruction aspects were exactly what he needed. But he couldn't.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This world was part of the formation of worlds. If he absorbed it, he would break the formation, and that wasn't what he wanted. It would affect him just as much as it would those that planned all of this out. He could only leave them.

As for whether he might get a chance in the future, that would have to depend on whether these things worked out.

'Next.'

After regaining his breath, Leonel's gaze flashed with a coldness. With the power he had just gained, he was even more confident in the next steps. He proceeded from world of Invalids to world of Invalids, unleashing a slaughter for the ages. He was no less than a reaper Death God. All along the way, the number of Invalids he absorbed likewise skyrocketed, and through this battle, he was actually becoming more and more powerful.

Leonel knew that this opportunity could only come once. He had no choice but to take advantage. In these Incomplete Worlds, the laws were so pliable in his hands that even Invalids that could give him a great deal of trouble in the outside worlds didn't stand a single chance. Although these Invalids had warped the world to fit their needs, there was ultimately a ceiling that an Incomplete World wouldn't allow you to break past, no matter what. Even these Invalids would face backlash.

When they tried to break beyond those limits, as expected, these Variant Invalids found themselves being attacked by their own Regulators, dying without Leonel having to do anything. But even when they made a conscious effort to stay beneath these limits, they were then crushed by Leonel, who didn't seem affected by them at all.

Of course, what they didn't know was that Leonel was affected by these limits. The problem for them was that he could extract much more worth within these limits than anyone else could. This was akin to how one only needed Impetus State Dream Force to access the Dream Plane in Incomplete Worlds, while you had to be in the Life State to do the same in the outside world.

In this case, Leonel's Creation abilities were like a tiger with wings in these Incomplete Worlds. He bent, twisted, and folded reality to his whims, and the Regulator didn't even resist. This allowed him to break laws of physics constantly, and accomplish spine-tingling and blood-curdling feats that could only leave the Invalids in despair.

In the end, he massacred one world after another, ignoring the matters of the outside world until he got to the last Incomplete World. Leonel was very tired in mind and in spirit by now. Luckily, the process had been much easier in these last few worlds because he could just sneak in silently.

But staring at this world in particular, he couldn't help but frown. Then, without hesitation, he turned and left. There was something in there he couldn't face, regardless of his advantages. He was confident in himself, but not foolish. This world in particular also felt very special. It surprisingly seemed to be on the verge of becoming a God Realm all on its own.

This was on an entirely different level than what Leonel had done to his current Incomplete Worlds. While they had the potential to become God Realms, they were at most equivalent to Mortal Realms right now, and in practice, they were still Incomplete Worlds, not Complete ones. However, this Incomplete World was the equivalent of a Demi-God World brought right to the brink. It was no different from a Complete World.

If Leonel stepped into it, there would be no telling if he'd have any advantages at all. If there were no advantages, and there was a world-shaking powerhouse on the inside, then he would just be a moth to a flame. In the end, he made the right decision.

That was because within this world, a man the Demoness had once called Zephy looked up, a light of curiosity in his eyes as though he had just sensed something vague and illusory, but had ultimately missed out. In the end, even he couldn't just casually see through the veil of a world. Maybe he could have done so if it was a normal Incomplete World, but Leonel had saved his own life by not crossing the barrier.

What would be extremely shocking to the man, though... was that while he couldn't see through the veil, Leonel had somehow sensed the danger without ever stepping foot inside. And unbeknownst to him, over 90% of his armies had been wiped out.

He had thought that he was being clever, sending out a trickle to wreak carnage on the Mortal Worlds while keeping the bulk of his fighting strength on the back line. What he didn't know was that his actions had revealed the exact locations of his worlds to Leonel.

While Leonel had known that there were Incomplete Worlds that had to make up the formation, the scope of his Dream Force and his abilities weren't nearly deep enough to find them all. In the end, this alliance had picked up a boulder, only to drop it onto their own foot. And even more unfortunately for them, Leonel was only just getting started. Because when Little Zephy learned of what happened to his worlds.

That was when the real games would begin. Leonel vanished into the distance, never once looking back.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.