Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2927 Split

Leonel strolled through the skies slowly. It looked as though he couldn't tell that there was a devastating danger waiting for him outside of the Human Bubble.

However, this slow, casual walk by Leonel went on for an entire month.

It looked as though he was just casually taking in the scenery, and it felt as though his feet had touched every inch of the world.

By this point, the world around him looked like fragile glass that could shatter with the touch of a single finger. The Invalids had caused great damage to the formation, so much so that it couldn't be hidden even from the eyes of normal individuals any longer.

However, even so, Leonel neither sped up nor slowed down his pace.

When the month was over, he strolled into the Dream Pavilion, still without any intention of meeting his brothers. It felt as though he had forgotten about their existences entirely, but only he knew just how focused he was right now.

Almost as though the rest of his body was on autopilot while his brain underwent countless deductions, Leonel slipped into the Dream Pavilion Exchange and then sold information about the location of an Incomplete World.

Then he walked out as though nothing at all had happened.

Once again, he began to walk around the world. But this time, his pace was much faster. With a single step, he crossed hundreds of kilometers as though they were only a foot apart.

His pace still seemed to be leisurely, but the result was entirely different.

From time to time, he would come to a stop at various natural phenomena... tall mountains, raging rivers, forests perpetually rolling in thunder and lightning, and even more fantastical sights that seemed to be right out of a fairy tale.

An entire month later, he returned to the Dream Pavilion to see that the coordinates he had given had been confirmed and a large sum of points had been returned to him. In fact, the number of points he received was more than ten times what he had paid for the Sea God Incomplete World.

Leonel smirked.

The verification process of Incomplete Worlds was not done in person, but rather confirmed by the Dream Pavilion itself. This was a rule put in place by the Creation God Beasts and it was one that those annoying higher-ups wouldn't easily change because it would ruin things for them as well.

Everything was done autonomously.

And of course, the location of the Incomplete World that Leonel had given was for the very one he didn't dare to step into.

As for what happened after, that would have nothing to do with him. He was sure that since the Variant Invalids dared to step into the God Realm, they were likewise confident in themselves and had plenty of trump cards to deal with this situation.

And deal with it, they must.

Because it seemed that in just a month, two figures had already bought the rights to this Incomplete World. Which also explained why he had made so much. Not only did he receive a bonus because the world was far more powerful than a normal Incomplete World, but he had also received a portion of the payment that these two entities had given, boosting the price even further.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

It was far more than what Leonel needed. But it amused him nonetheless.

It seemed that he was no longer broke and could finally feed that wife of his.

'Ai. The life of a husband is truly hard.'

Leonel sensed a murderous intent coming from Aina and laughed heartily.

Without much more fanfare, he began to exchange for item after item, his mind working on an entirely different plane as though it had no limits at all.

With his now Middle Creation State Dream Force, he was already close to being able to withstand the full brunt of the Life Tablet's knowledge.

But since he hadn't attempted to do so, the space in his mind was even more exaggerated.

By the end of this second month, the Human Bubble looked like it might collapse at any moment, struggling and teetering on the edge.

But it was precisely in these days that Leonel began to appear at the corners of the world one step after another without the slightest hint of fatigue.

In fact, the more he moved, the more valiant his aura seemed to become.

Swirls of Auspicious Air were beginning to accumulate around him, and the fierceness in his eyes only grew with every passing second.

By the third day in his third expedition across the world, his body seemed to be as towering as a giant despite not having changed its size at all.

...

On the outside of the Human Bubble's formation, a certain Variant Invalid who was known as Sunshine stood.

He was three meters tall and had a shimmering bald head that reflected with bronze lights. But it was hard to tell if this was where his name came from... but then again, it certainly couldn't come from his bright and adoring personality.

His face was practically a brick wall of emotion, and it was only when it looked like the formation was about to collapse did he slowly seem to begin "waking" up.

His body coursed with golden lines of veins pumping across him.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The relentless barrage of the Invalids fell like Armageddon. By this point, all the humans had been alerted to what was happening, and Leonel's brothers and friends stared out solemnly, not knowing what was happening.

In these last two months, Leonel simply couldn't spare any time. If he wasted even a second, it was possible that he wouldn't make it.

And it was precisely because of that that the moment the barrier collapsed and an enormous, fragmented hole that looked like a fissure in reality appeared, that a new one rose up.

The entire world trembled and was suddenly split into twelve.

The bright skies darkened, and an unprecedented power descended upon the world.