Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2928 Thirteen Pieces

Joel and the others looked into the skies, only to find that Leonel was already there. He stood in the simplest clothes imaginable, without shoes or even a shirt. Nothing but a pair of sweats adorned his body, and yet it somehow didn't seem out of place. Instead, it felt natural and all-encompassing, almost as though these garbs were the most sacred in all of existence.

The skies blackened and lines of silver split it into twelve. The clouds vanished, and the blackness became dotted with sparkles of lights.

Soon, those sparks coalesced and began to form maybe the most beautiful sight they had ever seen in their lives.

The first, bright and imposing, formed a long chain of a body, curling into a point. It formed claws, and a carapace that looked as though it could within the wear and tear of ages.

Scorpius.

The second formed a balance in the air, one weighing a feather and the other a heart. Those that laid eyes on it trembled as though they could feel judgment being cast on them, their entire lives being seen through in a single breath.

Libra.

The third was a beautiful maiden, wielding a large leaf in one hand and a quiver of arrows in the other. She looked out of place, and yet so in tune with everything around her, embodying a childish naivete that was protected by the stars in the sky.

Virgo.

The first thing one saw when gazing upon the fourth was a valiant mane and a pair of bestial eyes. The aura of a King billowed out in waves, suffocating all those that saw it. Staring at it too long made a roar reverberate in your heart, and if you weren't careful, your flesh just might be rended to pieces.

Leo.

The fifth had a body not too dissimilar from Scorpius, but rather than being incisive and poisonous, this one exuded far more poise and patience, while hiding an even keener sharpness.

Cancer.

The sixth was a pair of warriors standing in the skies, backs pressed against one another. One wielded a bow and the other a spear and shield. They seemed to carry the momentum of an entire battlefield on their own, standing up to the masses and displaying a might of valiants that stood the test of time.

Gemini.

The seventh was the second beast. But rather than a mane and bestial eyes, the first thing one saw was a pair of horns that could pierce through the stormiest of clouds and disperse the heaviest of rains.

Taurus.

The eighth had a pair of horns as well, but the aura it exuded was entirely different. Rather than piercing, it was blunt and violent, willing to ram through every and anything, no matter the obstacle.

Aries.

The ninth was a pair of fish, both seemingly leaping over a dragon's gate, and both in perfect harmony with one another. They swam through the sea of stars and gave one the feeling of peace and prosperity.

Pisces.

The tenth was a valiant warrior, adorned in scales and wielding a trident. The mighty seas heeded his call, and the stars became his waves.

Aquarius.

The eleventh was mysterious in its existence and mythical in its temperament. Having the body of a goat and the tail of a merman, it seemed to exude endless wisdom.

Capricorn.

The twelfth and final exuded a similarly mythical air, a creature of dreams and a warrior of nightmares. It had the torso and intelligence of a man, and the body and fierceness of a purebred steed. It wielded a bow and arrow that seemed prepared to pierce across all things and devastate the world.

A single arrow could sunder the stars.

Sagittarius.

These twelve pieces of the skies were adorned by Constellations that hadn't appeared in generations, and at that moment, countless individuals in the Godlen City felt their bloodlines thrumming with life and vitality, and yet they felt waves of fatigue hitting them one after another.

In the end, they could only weakly look into the skies, their eyes sparkling with something much different.

In the middle of it all, Leonel stood proudly, his eyes still closed and his aura only steadily growing.

The amount of Auspicious Air around him doubled every second, and soon the entire world hummed.

At that moment, the World Spirits of the Human Bubble rose up.

It had to be remembered that the current Human Bubble was only named as such because it had been formed by the fusion of six. And then, on top of that, several Demon Bubbles were added to it as well.

As such, this Human Bubble had almost 10 World Spirits vying for supremacy.

And Leonel just felt that it was about time he brought them into one, and while he was at it...

He might as well wipe out an army of scum.

BOOM!

Leonel's eyes snapped open. His hair fluttered wildly, veins popping up all across his body.

That was when a 13th Constellation appeared.

Standing high in the skies, it was a man adorned in gorgeous armor formed of silver-blue starlight. He wielded a spear in one hand and a bow was strapped across his back.

With a valiant air, he seemed capable of suppressing all the others.

Leonel pressed two fingers together and drew them through the skies in a curved arc. A bow formed from his thoughts.

He reached out a second hand and plucked an arrow from Virgo's quiver.

At the same time, the bow from Gemini fused into his creation.

His aura skyrocketed once again and at that moment, he seemed to be more energy than man, his hair, his eyes, and even his limbs billowing out with a foggy, almost dust-like bronze energy.

His gaze descended and landed on the army of Invalids. At that moment, they didn't look like normal eyes at all but were rather like three brass-cast spheres, shimmering with dense lights.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He nocked Virgo's arrow and pulled back slowly. The further he pulled, the clearer a pair of halo bracelets around his wrists became.

At that moment, a Bow Force that shocked the world appeared.