Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2930 Luck

It was a sonorous, beautiful sound. It was just the twang of a bow, and yet it sounded more like the string of a harp.

Commander Sunshine was frozen in shock. Logically, he knew that the arrow wasn't coming toward him, and yet it felt that way nonetheless. In fact, his feelings were much the same as everyone else's. The range of the arrow was clearly enormous, and yet it felt like each and every one of them was being targeted individually.

There was simply no escape.

Invalids began being wiped out one after another long before the arrow even descended. The shocking scene was enough to pull one's soul out of their bodies.

How could such a terrifying arrow exist?

It sucked up all the energy of the formation in the blink of an eye. Two months of work in exchange for two arrows. Leonel couldn't remember ever having such a power return on investment before. It was only made worse by the fact he had pretty much spent all of his accumulated points to finish setting up this formation as well.

It had to be remembered that Leonel originally made ten times more than what he paid for the Incomplete World in the past. Yet, all of that was gone for the sake of two arrows.

But they didn't disappoint in the slightest.

Not a single Invalid seemed capable of resisting. One after another, they were mowed down, most not even having the right to fight against the arrow directly and could only watch in horror as it passed by and their bodies crumbled to ash.

Commander Sunshine roared, his body's temperature rising to the point he looked like a burning sun, and yet he was also ironically the moth to the flame. The devastation was unending and unyielding. Even the Anarchic Force of the Inbetween Worlds couldn't seem to stop the arrows, and by the time they disappeared into the distance...

There were hardly a few thousand Invalids left.

On the ground, Leonel's brothers, who had been ready to fight out a battle of life and death for the sake of the human race, stood stunned. They had been working hard in these last near two years, and they had been given all sorts of resources by Leonel. In fact, they had even taken the risk to go to the outside world several times as well, tempering themselves in other worlds and exploring the dangers Existence had to offer.

And yet, they seemed to have only fallen even further behind.

"I think I hate that guy," James finally said, shaking his head. "What an annoying prick."

"Right?" Raj muttered. "Look at that ugly mug of his. I bet he thinks he looks so cool."

"Narcissistic asshat for sure," James confirmed. "Just look at that self-satisfied smile. Who does he think he is?"

"Right. What kind of lame uses a bow?" Franco jumped in. "That's a girl's weapon. Either that or a sissy's. Where's the shame?"

They all piled on one after another, even to the point the likes of Arnold spoke.

"Annoying..."

That was the only word the buff, military-cut brute said. Yet, they all looked at him weirdly.

Since when did Arnold have this in him?

Milan wrapped an arm around Arnold's shoulder.

"Hey, hey, hey. What was that? Sounds like you have something to get off your chest, friend."

Arnold seemed a bit embarrassed. He was the most stoic of them all, but even he had lost control of his emotions at this point.

"Don't you guys have something better to do than talk so much shit?" Leonel's voice echoed from above.

"Look at this bastard, flexing again. You don't get brownie points for being able to hear us from so far away," James spat.

"Oh mighty god, talking to us from above, we apologize for being so inferior," Milan jeered.

"Can't even spare the time to come down to interact with us poor little commoners. What a big shot."

High in the skies, Leonel smiled, but in reality, he was gassed. The reason he was still standing in the skies now was because if he went down now, he wasn't sure if he could go back up if the situation warranted it.

He had pushed his mind to the limit in these last two months, then he had to exert himself even further to not only summon such a strong Bow Force, but to likewise control such a large-scale formation. None of these things could come without a price, and it was exceptionally heavy.

His entire body felt drained.

But, at the same time, he felt that if he could find the time to replenish himself, the benefits would be likewise unimaginable. It was very rare for Leonel to run out of mental stamina. And before, that peculiar state of his cells all shining at once made him feel unprecedented changes taking place, as though his foundation was being entirely reformed from the ground up.

At the same time, his mind was occupied by something else.

His Bow Force, when fully summoned, manifested an armor... was that a coincidence?

He looked up to the fading Morales family Constitution. A Weapon Force summoning an armor from the void. Leonel had never heard of such a thing before, and it couldn't help but remind him of a certain Constellation and Lineage Factor.

Just how much of this was planned by the Demoness?

Leonel took deep breaths, trying to calm his rushing heart rate, but at that moment, his expression suddenly changed.

He looked down.

By this point, the cracks to the Human Bubble were quickly mending beneath the increased power of the fused World Spirit. It was likely that after all of this settled down, the Human Bubble would even be on the verge of entering the Demi-God ranks.

However, it seemed that Leonel's luck wasn't so good. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

In that moment, he sensed the appearance of a figure that made his gaze sharpen.

A Dream Asura.

Flaura.