Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2931 A...

Seeing this woman, Leonel almost couldn't help but chuckle. Her timing was, indeed, quite good. One could even call it quite shameless.

But then again, considering how much suffering he had put her through these last few years, she would probably do anything just to take a bite out of him.

Let alone this, she was willing to do far more.

Unfortunately, Leonel didn't see Goggles with her, which was a bit disappointing.

Having had this thought, he couldn't help but laugh to himself again. He was completely spent, but it seemed that he was happy that Flaura had delivered herself to him.

This sort of enemy was the most annoying when they were skulking around in the darkness. But now, she was here. So what if he was at the end of his rope? He would find a way to deal with her right here, right now. Once and for all.

Leonel took a shaky breath and felt his body whining and creaking as though an old engine running on fumes.

Even so, his back was straight.

He could feel it vaguely... this feeling of confidence was coming from his Bow Force. He had built it on unbridled, untouchable confidence. And it was precisely because of this that he had reacted in such a way.

'Guided by my heart, huh... It seems that this is a double-edged sword. While it is true that my arrows will be far stronger, and strike far truer... in the end, my heart yearns to be uncaring and approach all things with dauntless confidence.

'But it was precisely this mentality that I wanted to leave behind... a mentality that seems to want to worm its way back into my life...'

Leonel slowly clenched his fist and the bow in his hand shattered. The lingering Bow Force in the air still influenced him, a world-shaking power lingered in the air.

Down below, Flaura's expression was calm. Despite how haggard she looked, she almost casually stepped through the crack of the Human Bubble before it completely sealed up. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

She looked around without much of an expression before looking up and meeting Leonel's gaze.

There didn't seem to be much of a reaction on her face at all. One wouldn't have thought that she had a bone-deep hatred for Leonel at all. It was instead like she was calmly observing the world around her, as though everything was already being controlled in the palm of her hands.

Leonel couldn't help but admit that at least in terms of bearing, this woman was bad. It was just too bad he had a hard time seeing her as anything other than shameless right now.

If not for the situation, would she even dare to appear before him right now?

Leonel's brothers seemed to realize the precariousness of it all as well, and their gazes turned serious.

Flaura was in the Ninth Dimension, they could feel that clearly. But more important than that, Leonel could sense that she had a Quasi Creation State Force that seemed to be on the verge of breaking through.

This should be something that truly infuriated Flaura. Because she was on the run, she had no choice but to ruin her foundation and continue to progress through the Dimensions without adequate preparation.

It had to be known that most of the Seventh Dimensional geniuses in the Demi-God Realms and above were only so because of purposeful suppression. If El'Rion wanted, he could have entered the Ninth Dimension before he was even ten years old, for example.

But now, thanks to Leonel, not only had she been kicked out of her family, but she had also ruined her future.

If she didn't get revenge...

Would she even still be a Dream Asura?

In these last few years, she had tried all sorts of things to bring down the Human Bubble and had spent quite a long time hanging around and near it.

She was lucky to at least have some decent Dream Force control herself, or else all of her plans and her location would have long been exposed before Leonel.

However, Leonel couldn't complain too much about this. It was also because this was possible that he could protect himself from his so-called grandmother. If not, he would have been firmly controlled by the Demoness long ago.

But now, Flaura wanted to put an end to it all. She would find a way to rebuild what she had lost, whether in wealth, status, or foundation, in the future.

Right now, however...

Leonel deserved nothing short of death.

Just when Leonel thought that she was going to attack, she pulled out a bottle of wine and took a large swig. The once elegant woman didn't seem to care about finding a nice, clear glass to use, and instead chugged it directly from the bottle.

After she was finished, she wiped away the lingering, fragrant crimson with the back of her hand. Her blood surged and her body expanded.

Holding a wine bottle in one hand, and a whip in another, she suddenly became over three meters tall.

Her body was covered in violet scales, and a pair of horns twisted into the skies. Her ragged clothing couldn't even accommodate the expansion of her size and were almost ripped to shreds. Tidbits of straps and rags here and there covered some of her decency, but still left barely anything to the imagination.

What did seem to accommodate her size, though, was the wine bottle that seemed to have almost doubled in size much like she had.

She took another long swig and her gaze flashed with contempt for the world, the first sign of emotion she had displayed since this all began.

"A Human... A Wise Star Order... A Fawkes... A Dream Asura..."

It turned out that what truly made Flaura react like this was because the moment she saw Leonel, she could actually sense hints of familiarity... familiarity that could only come from two people who shared the same Bloodline.