Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2933 True Destruction

Flaura coughed up a mouthful of blood, falling to her knees. She never thought that things would end like this. From the very beginning, everything had been under her control, everything had gone exactly how she expected them to.

But she never thought that after meeting Leonel, she would be met with failure after failure. Even when she won a move against Leonel, it was as though he was capable of just taking it on the chin and moving on as though she hadn't done anything at all. It was the most unfortunate thing that she had ever seen.

Now, as her life faded away, she didn't even get to see Leonel. He had already left as though he felt that he never had to take action at all. It was the greatest form of humiliation she had ever experienced in her lifetime.

She was unwilling...

So very unwilling...

However, there didn't seem to be anything that she could do to stop her vision from dimming.

...

Leonel had entered the Segmented Cube not to ignore Flaura, but rather for the sake of using the pods to recover as quickly as possible.

He truly didn't know whether his brothers had the strength to win or not. The reason for that was because his mind was too spent to scan them, so he could only hope that they could hold on for 15 minutes.

Just a day. That was all he needed. And the pod could shrink down that time to a span of 15 minutes for him.

He threw away all other thoughts and focused entirely on his recovery, pulling out everything he had in terms of resources to replenish his body.

He could feel his cells greedily swallowing up everything they could, but at that moment, he truly felt like a bottomless pit. It was like his body had become a bottomless hole, and that was when Leonel remembered.

He had not just one Incomplete World, but two in his body right now. The idea of him being spent was vastly different for him compared to most people.

Just the fact he was fatigued meant that he had practically drained entire worlds of energy.

He knew that he had pushed himself hard these days, but it was only now that he had time to register just the kind of limits he had pushed himself past.

But at the same time, he found something else.

It felt like... his worlds were becoming more of a part of him?

As he drained them, and then replenished them, it was like the final barriers that existed between the two were being knocked down one after another, almost like a pair of shoes that was being broken in.

Leonel was a bit surprised when he saw this happening. He didn't expect that there would be such a thing.

But now that he thought about it, he had only been using these worlds passively. He had only taken energy from them this time because he was desperate. But usually, the Force of a true Mortal World, and certainly of a Demi-God World or better, would be better.

If one had to choose between taking the energy of an Incomplete World and a Complete one, the answer was obvious.

Leonel valued the Incomplete World far more for the extra sturdy foundation they could give him in breaking through the Dimensions, and also helping him to display more of the strength of his Forces.

But he had neglected the fact that this wasn't all the technique was supposed to be for. It was truly meant to be the foundation to create a World of Destruction, not much unlike the Shadow World or even the Dream Plane. But in this context, it would be entirely under Leonel's control and he wouldn't have to fight others for jurisdiction over it.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

In a lot of ways, this could be considered to be even more powerful than a Domain, and its potential was likely even beyond that of an Idol.

It was just that Leonel hadn't been able to see how truly special this ability was until it finally started to integrate with him properly.

As he felt the Incomplete Worlds truly becoming his own, his body began to phase in and out of existence as though it was passing through layers of reality to enter the Destruction World.

Leonel suddenly saw visions of an endless flat plane. The skies were black and the ground was a dull, cracked, rusted bronze color.

The air felt stuffy and smelled of sulfur, and wisps of a dangerous aura lurked around as though prepared to pounce at any time.

'Destruction World?'

The moment Leonel had the thought, he looked up to find ten Stars slowly orbiting one another and rotating on their own as well.

Their addition made the world seem more fantastical and almost unreal, especially as they shimmered against the backdrop of endless darkness.

Leonel clenched a fist and a wisp of Destruction passed by him. It didn't harm him in the slightest, and yet it still made his soul quake.

Dangerous...

It was the most dangerous aura he had ever felt.

Was this true Destruction? Why was it that he hadn't sensed such a thing before?

That was when Leonel understood.

All Sovereignties had a Path, but what was the Path of his Destruction Sovereignty? Before his recent breakthrough, it had been built from his Scarlet Star Force Innate Node... But was that true Sovereignty?

Of course not. He had learned long ago that his Scarlet Star Force wasn't the embodiment of Destruction, but was rather Creation taken to an absolute extreme.

Even so, it was a completely different sort of Destruction.

This energy... this destructive wisp he had just sensed...

That was true Destruction.

And it could wipe out anything in its path.

Just as Leonel was lost in thought, his mind shuddered and his eyes widened. He left the pod before he was fully recovered and rushed out of the Segmented Cube, his heart hammering out of his chest.