Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2935 I. Want. You. Dead.

The red and violet in Leonel's eyes mixed into a single, uniform color that swirled like a nebula. When he roared, the skies shook and quaked.

At that moment, hundreds of Fallen God Beast corpses appeared around Leonel.

He grabbed at the air and souls, barely lingering and holding on, were ripped out of their bodies.

He held his spear out and the fierceness of his aura grew several times over.

At that moment, Leonel seemed to have returned to a state he had long since forgotten, a state of boundless fury, a state of uncaring lust for battle and blood that painted the skies above and shattered the earth below.

Assimilate.

The hundreds of souls surged into Leonel's spear and its aura grew again and again. Every split second seemed to come with a doubling of strength.

The world split at the seams, the healed fractures shattering once again.

The mountain that had collapsed around Leonel fell into a rain of ash and he burst into the skies in a pillar of blackened violet. Runes that exuded the air of untold majesty and ancient ancestry swirled on its surface.

And then focused.

The pillar shattered, its energy surging into Leonel's spear.

At that moment, a pair of dark gold halo-bracelets appeared around Leonel's wrists. Rather than shimmering with the beautiful gold of a Sovereignty, it had become a dense dark gold instead, thrumming with darkness and violence.

Then a rush of wind passed by and the world fell into silence.

The fissures remained on the world, but they no longer quaked.

Even Leonel's hair had settled down. The only changes were to the pulsing crimson cracks that scattered across his body.

When his eyes focused, the cracks coming out the side of his eyes extended and glowed with a fiercer light.

Then, he moved.

His spear thrust through the skies and his fury seemed to have been suppressed into the depths of his heart and then concentrated into his blade.

Until now, his spear had always been gorgeous.

He started as a man who could only be said to be crude in the way of the spear, but he had grown into an elite that caused the hearts of those who witnessed his blade dance to shudder with awe.

But now, he seemed to have reverted to a realm of absolute simplicity. His blade would cut through any and all.

The spear was the king weapon of the battlefield, invincible within its range and powerful in its stance.

When the Demoness controlling Flaura's body saw this blade and felt the prowess of this Spear Force that had finally been unleashed into the world, she no longer raised the broken wine bottle, instead flicking her other wrist.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The sounds of the collisions were dull and for a moment, it looked like a pair of mortals were duking it out in the middle of a deserted land.

One had a smile on their face and the other had a gaze of striking indifference, burying a cold, heartless fury in his depths.

Leonel unleashed absolutely everything, his spear simple and to the point, but swift and violent.

His Divine Armor, his ten Stars, his King's Might all came out in wave after wave, a cascade of Universal Force falling toward him from the skies above.

His Sovereignties wove in and out of one another, violent wisps of Destruction pulsing with an equally violent tendency.

Even the Demoness wasn't directly confronting it. Instead, she was using tricks and Force Manipulation of impossible quality to divert it all.

Fighting against her felt like battling against the relentless waves of the ocean, as though his every strike was being met by hundreds, thousands at a time.

However, he was absolutely relentless. It was as though he didn't know fatigue and with every strike he levied, his stroke became purer and the sharpness of his heart grew more pronounced.

His spear blade suddenly slipped out of its simplicity, covering the skies in twinkling jagged blades that looked like silver-black rips in space.

When simplicity reached its extreme, it could easily become complexity once again.

Leonel's spear seemed to evolve once again, every strike carrying with it waves of Auspicious Air. It was as though he wasn't just eliciting concepts as simple as Swiftness or Heaviness any longer, but rather like every stroke contained an entire world.

The harshness of a snowy plain.

The vision of a mountain soaked in flames.

Meteors falling from the skies and the death of stars.

Every time he thrust out, the complexity of his spear grew until it even seemed to embody life and death.

He focused so much on the woman before him that the rest of the world seemed to fade away.

He wanted her dead maybe more than he had wanted anything else in his life.

This was the woman who took his father away from him, who left his mother without a husband. She had forced his wife to a dead end, pushing her to a death that could only be reversed with the help of his future self. She had treated his life like a puppet on her strings, controlling his entire family line.

The relationship between his father and uncle, the life of his grandfather, the very own twists and turns in his life.

Every time he thought of one of these things his spear seemed to become sharper and more radiant. And every time, she carried the same twinkling eyes and gorgeous smile. Almost as though he was doing her proud rather than infuriating her.

"I. Want. You. Dead."

Leonel's voice carried an abyssal hatred that sounded like the rumbling of a demon in the darkest depths.

His Spear Force burst forth and out from the void, a skin-tight bodysuit took shape. Countless tiny scales reflected on its surface, however Leonel didn't feel like it had elevated his defense much at all. Instead, it made his body feel as light as a feather and as resilient as a boulder.

He wielded the spear. Everything in his range was his Absolute Domain.

He didn't need defense.

His battle intent erupted.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com