Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2939 Die

Existence seemed to be set ablaze. If there were any existences that they hated with an absolute passion, the first was likely to be the Variant Invalids, and it was then a race for second between the Fawkes and the remnants of the God Beasts of Creation and Destruction.

It could be said, then, that the humans firmly occupied two of those top three spots, a great irony for a supposedly weak Race. And yet, no one knew who this young man was... or so they thought until a great deal of information began to be disseminated in full force.

The abilities of these monstrous Dream Force experts could only be said to be frightening. If Leonel had the abilities to ignore space, transporting his mind across countless light years to appear in a location where his name had been mentioned, then these existences could ignore even time itself.

It was a matter of great ease for them to watch all of Leonel's deeds as though it was nothing more than a snap of the finger.

Going through the past, combing through the locations he had made his imprint, and watching them all again as though they had been spectators nearby all the while came as easily to them as flipping over a hand. And when the target was an existence that would normally never even appear on their radar, it was even more shockingly easy than normal.

That was when they began to piece together things that no existence otherwise could have, things that Leonel had hidden so perfectly all along, shocking matters that left them furrowing their brows.

But what was most shocking to these existences was that there were actually some things that they couldn't see. Anything related to Anastasia seemed to be wiped clean.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Anastasia was a World Spirit of a true God Realm, and she had been created by the hands of the Minerva. While she might have her faults and flaws, she was still an existence that couldn't be underestimated. If any one of them entered her world, then even these shocking existences could only bow their heads.

If this was all, maybe it would still be acceptable, but it felt that after Leonel got the Life Tablet, they were looking at his life through a peephole. There were some things that were out of their range to see, and things beyond the foreground that felt obscured.

However, it was also precisely because of this that the time Leonel spent without the Life Tablet was all the more blatant.

When they saw the action of Leonel toying with the Owlans, they realized the gravity of the situation. This human was the reason for the current ongoing war.

They couldn't see how Leonel had managed to get the Life Tablet back because it was too tied with Anastasia. However, that didn't mean that they couldn't put the pieces together themselves.

They found Leonel's ties with the Dwarven Race, then beyond that his ties with the Spirituals.

They found his relationship with the Sea God Incomplete World and felt even more shock when they realized that it was no longer there.

Unfortunately, by this point, everything was so obscured that they weren't exactly sure of what happened. But what they did know was that Leonel's battle prowess had taken an enormous leap forward the moment he appeared.

Everything felt too shocking to accept.

These were all things that they felt the youngsters of their Race could do as well, but they had been born to a God Race, and if what they knew about Leonel was correct, then he didn't even know anything about this world until he was mere days from his 18th birthday.

He was still several years from 30. Didn't that mean that he was functionally not even 10 years old? If they put that into context, it was even more difficult to accept. Though, to be fair, they had no idea that Leonel had experienced ten years in a Zone, but even if they had, would it change much?

To these existences, 10 years might as well have been a blink of an eye. Plus, which of their youths hadn't also experienced time dilation in some way, shape, or form? Time dilation was probably the reason that the Pluto were even still standing now.

And yet, the more they learned, the more unacceptable they felt that it was, especially in the thoughts of the Void Race.

Leonel was someone that had already infuriated Shan'Rae, but they had completely disregarded this matter. Why would they care about the grudges of children? Though, if Shan'Rae ended up losing her life, it would certainly be a different matter entirely.

That aside, it was clear that the situation was much different now, and much more difficult to ignore.

Despite the fact that there were no God Races that specialized in Dream Force any longer, all of them had at least one behemoth capable of scrolling through time with their Dream Force in this way. And when they reported their findings, the turmoil in Existence only grew.

Leonel's current location might as well have been an open book to them, and discussions about what to do in this situation were abound.

The moment Leonel woke up, it would certainly be far more difficult to find him.

There was a second location that was difficult for these old fogies to read, and that was in the Inbetween Worlds.

There was a very good reason for that: Anarchic Force.

The Void Beast wielded this Force and was the natural embodiment of nothingness. It was likely that had Leonel been awake, none of this would be possible. If they didn't hurry, it would be impossible to say if the situation would change or not.

There were also concerns about potential remnants making a move. No one believed that the Envoys had truly entirely been wiped out, so wouldn't they take action?

However, everyone had come to a single conclusion.

Leonel had to die.