Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2941 Himself

This information was like a second detonation through Existence.

The number of people who could see through this was too few. It had to be remembered that when the Idol Battlefield descended, many had already made their attempts at finding out what happened. It was clear and obvious to them that someone had triggered it, but they couldn't find out who that someone was.

The reason for this was that Leonel's Weapon Forces, especially their awakening process, had become a form of protection itself. They couldn't be seen through by these existences, at least not from so far away. It also didn't help that no one could have possibly guessed that the culprit was located in the Mortal Realm at the time.

Even now, the number that could put this together were far too few. The Pluto were among the very few who could; even the Void Race didn't know. Because of this, this matter would have normally remained a secret.

But unfortunately, the Sylvan Race was among the second group to learn of this information. Trying to scour Existence for Leonel without knowing he was the culprit was impossible. However, because everyone was investigating just Leonel alone for so long, it was impossible for them to not put something together. When the puzzle pieces fit together, they were entirely floored.

The Pluto wouldn't sell this information, but the information networks of the God Realm were under the control of the Sylvans. And because there were several Races that weren't very proficient in Dream Force, the Sylvans saw this as an opportunity to make a killing. They separated the information into tiers, with the highest tier containing this information.

There wasn't a single God Faction that wouldn't buy this information. It would most definitely be related to a storm that would sweep through the entirety of Existence, so how could they be the only ones in the dark? As a result, soon, a great number of individuals learned of something that Leonel had managed to hide by a fluke. And suddenly, the importance of Leonel and the danger he posed rose to an entirely different level.

A single young man, and yet, after less than ten years of practice, he had three Creation State Forces, one of which was already in the Middle Creation State on top of being a Sovereignty.

As though that wasn't enough, he had several more Forces, all of which were at the Quasi Creation State, two more of which were attached to Innate Nodes that allowed them to display strength no weaker than the Creation State.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

And yet, it didn't end there either. He had seven Sovereignties, had already comprehended a Constellation Realm, and he was speculated to be a God Armament Crafter.

This last one was pure speculation and didn't have nearly as much evidence as the others. What made them fear the most was his Dimensional Method. It was something that they had simply never seen before, the combination of two that came together to form a perfect whole.

And yet, they couldn't see it clearly either. The more information about Leonel came out, the more shocking the matter became and the hotter and brighter the flames burned.

At first, this information was exclusive to the God Realm alone. But as those ascended Demi-God and Mortal Race Gods began to get their hands on this information, that changed wholly.

Information was sent back to the Dwarven and Spiritual Races the most quickly because they were the ones seen to be tied to Leonel. Their Gods realized the precarious situation they were all in, and unless they wanted their entire Races to be wiped out to the last man, they had to create a contingency plan for their next steps as quickly as possible.

When this news entered the Demi-God Realms, and then the Mortal Realms next, it could be said that the entirety of Existence was truly put on high alert.

In the middle of this storm, the Variant Invalid Invasion was still ongoing. The chaos could only be said to be at an unprecedented level.

And yet, the reason for all of this was still in a state of unconsciousness, his body in a complete mess. It was only seconds before Aina was alerted by Anastasia to take action, just a few brief instances before Leonel was taken out of the Human Bubble and back into the Segmented Cube.

And yet, those few seconds were already enough for almost everything about Leonel to be exposed to the world.

Aina stood worriedly over Leonel. She didn't know what was happening in the outside world, but she felt a great uneasiness welling up in her heart. And she was very much right to feel that way.

That was because it was no longer just the Owlans and the Fallen God Beasts that had placed him on their hit list. It could be said that the entirety of Existence wanted his head on a platter, and there were just as many who took action.

The location of the Human Bubble was exposed to the world, and countless figures were making their way forward.

At the same time, Anastasia could sense that there was something wrong, but she didn't quite know how to put it into words, or exactly what to check on. She felt frustrated as she hovered in the skies, her little brows furrowed. The worry in her heart was only growing, but she didn't have the intelligence to figure out where it was coming from. It was more instinct than anything else, and in the end, she couldn't grasp what it was.

And due to that, they would lose the chance they had to escape.

At the same time, the Pluto Race was making a decision. Though, it was hard to say that this was the case at all. That was because it didn't take them much time to come to a nonchalant conclusion.

The debt they owed the Fawkes had already been repaid. They had no obligation to save Leonel. His fate would be left up to himself.