Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2954 Bracken and the Ghoul

The next scenes could only be described as absolute carnage. Leonel just sat in peace, quickly trying to accumulate his stamina once more as Bracken and the ghoul unleashed unholy hell.

Leonel didn't even have to lift a finger, and the Dwarven Race could only watch in stunned amazement. Most couldn't even see what was happening clearly, but those who could felt like their conceptions of the world were being flipped on their head.

Without the ghouls heading the charge, the Invalids were scrambling. At first, they still managed to maintain some order because the ghouls weren't the only Variant Invalids present, though they were the Head Commander. However, as Leonel sent his summons out to target them and wipe them out systematically, the issue only became worse and worse.

Some of the Invalids ended up scrambling and skirting out of enemy lines, diving deep into Dwarven Race territory, only to be picked off one by one by their protective formations. But many more of them simply began to fight amongst themselves.

Invalids were only driven by a will to evolve, and there were only two things that could control them. The first was a large source of Force. If there was one around, they would ignore even one another to try and make it to it. The second were Variant Invalids who understood how to control them. Though, now, it could be said that there was a third in Leonel himself.

However, there were no great pulls of Force now, and the control of the Variant Invalids had slackened to the point of being exaggerated.

At that moment, it was like they saw a feast around them after starving for years. How could they not partake? 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The army began to shred themselves apart, and that only made it easier for Bracken and the ghoul to shred them to pieces.

As for Leonel himself, he continued to sit in silence. The Invalids couldn't even get close without being shredded to pieces by his Destruction World.

This could be said to be the most foundational ability of his Destruction World, to Destroy. When it was deployed, most things in its path would be shredded to nothingness, and on their way to him, they would find their power greatly weakened even if they could survive the initial barrier.

However, this was only the weakest of the abilities, and it was passive in a way that Leonel didn't even feel much pressure in deploying it. He could sense many more, it was just that his focus simply wasn't on this right now.

He pumped himself full of vitality using the Sylvan Heart on his finger, and quickly his mind began to regain its focus.

At the same time, he could sense that his comprehension of Life Force was deepening.

This, though, was still only really a small part, because he was likewise noticing something else.

When he killed the trillions of Invalids before, he had been relying on warping reality and hadn't really had the time to investigate or gather their Ability Indexes.

But now, it was different. They were dying to his Life Tablet, which seemed to be an extension of himself, and his database of Ability Indexes was quickly increasing.

They died by the thousands, and just as quickly, he had gained many Ability Indexes he thought would be perfect for his brothers.

He was certain that with this, Drake would be able to complete his Gun Force, and even further, Milan and James could perfect their Energy Shield Ability Index and Lineage Factor.

The Invalids truly seemed to be a treasure trove in their own right, because they were teaching Leonel things about increasing the strength and expanding their Ability Indexes that he had never thought about before.

In fact, Leonel had a feeling that the Life Tablet, or more accurately, the Wise Tablets might have actually used the Invalids as a blueprint to make this possible.

The Variant Invalids were a lot like Savants in that they couldn't progress through normal means, and they likewise couldn't reproduce through normal means.

But their Dimensional Methods seemed to all be related to nurturing their Ability Indexes, something that Leonel had simply never seen before.

Suddenly, Leonel's eyes opened.

That was not because he had sensed danger, but rather because... the entire army of Invalids had been wiped out. There didn't seem to be anything else to do here.

"Return," Leonel called over.

Whether it was Bracken or the ghoul, they both seemed to be in a mess.

Bracken's violet armor, conjured up by his King's Might, was broken and cracking in several places while his golden orbs for eyes seemed even more dim than usual.

As for the ghoul, it hadn't formed an armor when Leonel summoned him, but it was instead filled with cracked lines of crimson much like Leonel. Leonel saw that this actually gave it some Destruction Sovereignty that made its attacks more lethal.

But it was actually still missing an arm and a leg. Even its head was half ripped off, making it look far more ghoul-like than it had before, as though its original state wasn't enough.

However, Leonel also noticed that after the ghoul entered his Destruction World, it began to quickly heal, while Leonel himself felt some of his stamina being sapped away.

As for Bracken, it was the opposite. His situation became worse, but he was also so devoutly loyal to Leonel that he didn't seem to realize as he continued to kneel.

Leonel nodded as he thought of something, then waved a hand and sent Bracken into one of his Incomplete Worlds. Only then did Bracken begin to show signs of healing.

After that, he pulled the ghoul into his Destruction World where it seemed to begin healing even faster than before.

With that done, Leonel didn't have the time to stay and chat with the Dwarven Race as he shot into the distance. There was still more to do, far more.

The elders and Lumielle could only watch him vanish as their worlds slowly began to heal.