Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2955 Void

Lumielle watched Leonel disappear with a complex light rippling in her eyes.

Was this young man really younger than even she was? Had he just wiped out an entire army by himself? She had lost count of the number of elders who had cursed and spurned him in the last few days. She, herself, preferred to take action personally, so she didn't like the idea of having to clean up the mess that someone else had made.

But Leonel was so focused on the number of problems he had to deal with that he didn't even stop by for more than the time it took him to wipe out the army. By the time they even had the intention to take action themselves, he was already gone.

A casual gift from this man had allowed her to take a step that had held her back for so long.

And now, she could finally see why that was.

Leonel didn't leave to be rude, nor because he could guess what they had likely been saying about him. Well, in reality, he could guess. It was just that he didn't have the mind to care about it for now. He only planned to deal with one situation at a time.

The Dwarven Race was in a weaker position than the Spirituals, so he had chosen to take action there first, but it had taken him an entire three days to clear out that army. By this point, the situation on the Spirituals' side might be even worse than how things had started off for the Dwarven Race.

He crossed the void at his fastest speed, rushing toward their location. His gaze exuded a frightening cold, and it seemed that the fatigue from the previous battle had already vanished.

Vitality rushed through him in torrents, and the wooden ring on his finger had already grown into a hand plate of sorts that protected the lower half of his fingers and the back of his hand. Golden veins rushed through it, and the more Leonel sensed it, the closer to the Life Element he became.

Bracken and the ghoul could be considered gains, but compared to this, they were not much. The ghoul was at least much closer, while Bracken would disappear very soon. Bracken was only meant to last for 24 hours, and it was only because Leonel had sacrificed several Fallen God Beast corpses with the help of Assimilate that he had lasted so long. In truth, he had probably invested more than he gained in return.

However, this Sylvan Heart had birthed a true Sylvan that had become one with him, much like the Florer family's methods. The more it grew, the more abilities of the Sylvan Race he could sense, and it was even slowly beginning to form a completely new life outside of Bracken.

In fact, if Leonel wanted, he could likely use [Breathe] and allow Bracken and his body to fuse once again, elevating the strength of both of them. The reason he didn't was because Leonel was still feeling things out.

Ultimately, the Sylvans were humanoids, not plants. While Leonel himself hadn't studied Force Herbs or things of the like at all, so he didn't understand their unique quirks and such. In this sort of situation, the further from the line of the plant kingdom he went-something that would certainly happen if he assimilated Bracken back into his original heart-the more problems there would be.

This was a side of his Lineage Factor that he had ignored for far too long, so it was hard to get a grasp on it in such a short time. He wouldn't even be able to make such progress had he not also become a Wise Sea Order.

Now, he would still have to make use of the fire aspects of his Lineage Factor as well. It had to be remembered that the Midas family was able to swallow flames to grow their strength and power. Leonel definitely had many ideas about how to make use of this, all of which were reliant on the Creation Path.

As for the Radix family's ability to breathe Life into inanimate minerals and such... he had already tapped into that a bit the moment he made Little Tolly a part of his Divine Armor the first time. But it had far more potential than just that. What was holding him back was his comprehension of Life Force. But now, with Bracken's Sylvan Heart, that just might change.

Leonel raised a foot to take another step, but the moment he did, he suddenly froze. He came to a stop and lowered his leg, his eyes flashing with lightning.

"Are all Gods such cowards? You're already the second I've found slinking around in the dark."

There was a biting cold in Leonel's words, but there wasn't any surprise. He had been forced to spend three days in combat. If in that time someone didn't catch up to him, or at least find his whereabouts, they would be too foolish. This was part of the reason why he had chosen to leave. The location of the Human Bubble was only so well known because it was tied to his appearance. But once he moved, and especially after he woke up and could begin to protect his mind better, it would be much more difficult to do so.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At that moment, a humanoid woman with a body formed of brownish-green vines appeared. She had the silhouette of a woman and was no doubt one, even having the charming, smooth face of a beauty as well. However, the dull, unpolished orbs of gold that were her eyes made her seem more lifeless and cold than she probably was.

Willowyn.

Of course, to Leonel, all he saw was yet another Sylvan. It seemed that this annoying Race truly was the best at finding him. She had managed to do so even in the dead of the void. And this time, she wasn't in the weakened state Bracken had been in.