Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2959 Halves

Leonel reached a hand forward and the world twisted.

"[Arise]."

He ripped Willowyn's soul out from her body, and this time, thanks to his World, her Ancestor couldn't even try to appear. In fact, they wouldn't even sense what happened here until he turned it off and left this region. By then, it would be far too late for them to do much of anything at all.

But even with her soul out of her body, Leonel didn't let her body off either. With a grab at the air, her heart was ripped out of her chest and appeared in his palm.

He took a breath and a familiar scene replayed itself. Slowly, but surely, a second ring took form on his other hand and the amount of vitality pumping through him skyrocketed.

Bracken and Willowyn were both on the same level, and with their vitality working in tandem to rage through his body, Leonel felt that his clear view of Life Force had reached an entirely new level.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Maybe soon, he would finally have a breakthrough that allowed him to push his Vital Star Force to the Creation State. However, he didn't have the time to waste on sitting around and waiting for that moment.

His Destruction World vanished and a wave of fatigue hit him. Quickly, his two rings pulsed through him, churning out waves of vitality.

The two Sylvans had basically begun to make his body their territory, and by now, it was probably impossible for anyone to sense them unless Leonel allowed them to.

Essentially, the very same methods that Willowyn had used to hide herself from the Beastmen, and the method that Bracken had tried to use to hide from Leonel, was playing out right here and now.

Due to this, Leonel had the Domains of two Sylvans concentrated on his body, which was allowing an even fiercer flow of Life Force to concentrate onto him.

With a wave of his hand, two spatial devices appeared in Leonel's palms. One of them was from Bracken and the other was from Willowyn.

He hadn't had the time to look at them previously, and he hadn't planned on doing so before, but since there were two Sylvans and not just one, he seemed to have come to an understanding.

It was impossible for two Sylvans to appear here for no reason. The fact that Bracken was so quick had already raised his alarm, but the fact that Willowyn had likewise done so was more than just a coincidence.

In all likelihood, they were part of the group that had bought information about the Invalid's Incomplete World.

This was huge for one important reason: they had come ready to compete.

With how weak the Sylvans were in head-to-head combat, it couldn't possibly be that they had spent so many points for the purpose of just relying on these two.

That meant only one of two things.

Either these two were only here to scout and more were on their way or were already here.

Or... they had come prepared in more ways than one.

The likelihood of the first was minimal for one reason: Willowyn had appeared to confront him on her own. If there were more of them coming, they would already be here. And after news of him being a Fawkes reached them, there was no way that they would be so casual about dealing with him.

That meant that these two had to have some good stuff in their spatial devices. Things that would help them protect themselves from other Gods.

With how expensive the price of the information was, they would be certain to believe that another God Race was their competition.

So the question was... what had they brought? And was it because Willowyn was too arrogant that she hadn't used them before she died? Or was it because they were difficult to set up normally?

After scanning their rings, Leonel found several interesting things, many of which were quite expensive, but none of them truly called out to him.

Yes, it was clear that these were the items of Gods. But it wasn't to the point that he would salivate over them.

Leonel alone had his fair share of wealth. After all, he had seen the best treasures in all of existence, and right now, he had two of them on hand, one being his Life Tablet and the other being the Segmented Cube.

Plus, he was now a God Armament Crafter. It was impossible for normal treasures to catch his attention because even in comparison to what a Sixth Dimensional God would wield...

He was already confident in making better treasures for himself.

However, after shifting through all the stuff he found relatively useless, and deciding how he would distribute them to those that needed them more than he did, he finally found what he was looking for.

With narrowed eyes, he took out a pair of keys. They seemed inconspicuous and he had almost overlooked them entirely. But his senses weren't so easy to fool.

These keys had a strong pulse of spatial energy to them. But it was ironically because this pulse was so strong that they were easy to ignore. That was because it felt like they were displaced through space and hovering in a sort of limbo that was external to their world. As such, they were easy to overlook... almost like a fly buzzing around dozens of kilometers from you.

But when they were in his palms like this, he could feel their heft. In fact, he realized that if he pulled them out of the spatial fluctuations they were hiding in, their size would dwarf his body.

What was more interesting than this was that the two halves of the keys were separated between their spatial rings. Willowyn had one and Bracken had had the other. And now that they were both present, they seemed eager to slam together. If not for Leonel's control, they would have already.

Leonel's eyes narrowed and he stopped holding them back.