Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2960 Answer

BANG!

The halves of the key slammed together, and suddenly Leonel felt as though the world had been enveloped in a seal.

He was taken aback for a moment before his eyes blazed with realization. This was... truly too convenient.

This key couldn't be considered to be a God Armament. A God Armament was not only a classification of powerful weapons but also a sub-class of treasures that allowed themselves to fuse with flesh and blood.

Of course, The Hourglass was also capable of this. It was just that El'Rion hadn't reached this step yet, and it was also quite dangerous to form such synergy with it.

But that was also why it had the weight of a world in Leonel's hands, but had been as light as a feather in El'Rion's.

Under this sort of classification, this enormous golden key that rose up like a pillar into the skies certainly wasn't a God Armament. However, despite not being one, if Leonel was correct, it would light up at least 50 runes on the Truth Pillar. And that was a conservative estimate.

This golden key was capable of forming its own world within a world. It had its own World Spirit, and in this way, it was a lot like Anastasia, but far less sentient and only designed to do a single thing.

Anastasia was far more flexible, and though she had her flaws, she was more like a true human than any World Spirit Leonel had ever seen before.

But this golden key's World Spirit was pretty much a hollow husk. It was only designed to form a Domain within a world that could act as its own personal space.

Why was it that Leonel was so excited about this treasure? It was because it was exactly what he needed.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

If he was correct, the plan for this treasure was for the two Sylvans to find a convenient space to establish it. Then, they would lay their roots and slowly take over the Incomplete World.

Because they would be separated from the outside, they would be almost impossible to detect. And even if they were detected by some special method, by the time their enemies came to stop them, it would either be too late, or even if a battle broke out, the winner would long be decided.

This treasure would essentially allow their unique method of laying roots to be injected with steroids. It would be like they were the World Spirit and they would have as much power in this world as Anastasia had in hers.

The best part was that the World Spirit that allowed them to do this, the World Spirit of the key, that is, didn't just have God Realm potential... it was a God Grade World Spirit.

As such, the limit of the power it could withstand was far beyond Leonel's imagination. Maybe only an Ancestor Sylvan would have the ability to overload it and force it to its limit. But even then, it would have to be an exceptionally powerful Ancestor.

By now, it was clear why this was such a boon to Leonel. He was only so powerful because in the void, there was nothing to restrict his Destruction World.

But if he summoned it in a Mortal World, it would only be maybe 10% as powerful. In a Demi-God World, it would maybe be only a tenth as powerful as that.

However, with this, he could create a Domain of his own that followed his laws. As such, it would be like carrying around his own personal booster for his Destruction World.

Unfortunately, there were several problems with this.

First, he was a human, not a Sylvan. This treasure was designed specifically to be used along with their unique Lineage Factor.

Second, because it was designed for a Sylvan, it followed the nature of a Sylvan. It was a path of Creation and vitality. If Leonel tried to make it fuse with the world of Destruction, which was everything opposite to this, then he might actually end up destroying the treasure before he could make proper use of it for long.

Third, this treasure was meant to be used passively, not actively. That meant that if his enemies were stupid enough to come to him, that would be fine. But in the case they didn't, he would have to pick up and move it, which would ultimately leave him vulnerable.

If he was correct, the Sylvans definitely had more than one of this treasure, and likely had many. That meant it was probably common enough that members of the God Race would recognize it and understand its weaknesses.

The reason he made this deduction was that they had sent two youths with this treasure, and their standing in their Clan wasn't nearly as high as El'Rion's to his.

In addition, it had to be remembered that when El'Rion wielded The Hourglass, he was doing it at the behest of the entire Pluto Race. The Pluto Race had only appeared on Earth to repay a favor they owed the Fawkes.

In that case, it made much more sense for him to have such a valuable treasure on him, especially since an Ancestor of the Void Race eventually got involved.

That was all to say that while he might be able to gamble that the Demi-Gods wouldn't see through the weakness of this treasure, the Gods certainly would.

That only left one option for him.

He had to modify this treasure to suit him.

Leonel was worried about doing this at all. The most valuable part of this treasure was the World Spirit itself. Its existence was what allowed it to function the way it did. Though the ores used to form it were likewise incredibly valuable God Grade materials, they were secondary.

He was confident that with his current level of skill, he could modify this treasure. It would just take him time.

One might wonder, then, what would happen to the Spirituals in the meantime. And quite frankly... Leonel didn't care.

That wasn't because he was cruel... but rather because he was certain he knew who had betrayed his location.

There was only one way Willowyn could have intercepted him like this, and that answer lay with the Spirituals.