Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't have time to think about why it was that these two demons managed to find him. However, he realized one thing instantly: they had been stalking him.

Before Leonel made the choice to target anyone, he first checked in on where everyone was. If they were too close to one another, he wouldn't even take the risk of attacking.

All of the spells he had written could be walked directly through, there were no physical obstructions. As a result, crossing over from one region to another was not only easy, but seamless. This was how Leonel managed to maintain the illusion that his enemies were always alone. If there were physical obstructions, it would become too obvious, too quickly that he was interfering with their senses. Once that happened, everything would be exposed.

This was all to say that the last time Leonel checked on these pair of Demon Lords, they were several hundred meters away. Leonel was certain that he could kill Big Buddha in time. The only explanation for how they both made it here so coincidentally was that they were lurking and waiting for him to enter battle so that they could counter.

'Hot Streak is still active.'

Leonel's mind spun quickly. Since he dared to do this, how could he not have contingency plans? He just needed an opportunity to use them.

'Little Blackstar.'

Leonel activated the Silver Skill 'Double Shot' again. This time, he aimed for Cralis. He didn't really have any other choice. Since Umred had thrown over his ax, it meant that he was still a small distance away. Leonel didn't even bother to send his senses over to lock onto him, he only needed to deal with the problem in front of him.

Cralis blocked the corkscrewing arrows with the flat of his massive broad sword, sliding back beneath the strength of the impact.

Unfortunately for him, due to having to save Big Buddha, he was outside his own attack range. But, all he had to do was hold on. Not only was Umred on his way, but he knew that Leonel couldn't quick fire at this rate indefinitely. This was definitely the skill 'Hot Streak', it would last at most ten seconds.

Leonel unleashed a barrage of arrows. All of them were simple normal 'Single Shots', however they were all reinforced, crackling with strong amounts of lightning.

As he did so, he explosively retreated, not allowing Umred to surround him.

'It's done.'

Cralis' shot forward, his broad sword trailing behind him like the tail of a flying kite. His black scales shimmered beneath the low light of the castle, bouncing off his body like droplets of water.

His speed was unbelievably fast. Leonel couldn't help but wonder again how it was that Cralis and Umred weren't among the two who gained perfect evaluations for the first trial. But, whatever the reason was, the pressure they could place on Leonel now after benefiting greatly from the second and third trial was enough to make his hair stand on end. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Leonel's expression changed once more.

Another sharp wind assaulted his back. Leonel didn't need to turn back to know that it was Umred's second battle ax.

Leonel couldn't help but be shocked. Umred had actually thrown both of his weapons?

With a firm plant, Leonel dove to one side.

'I timed it perfectly.' Leonel's gaze narrowed.

Leonel thought that Cralis would be obstructed by Umred's throw, allowing him a chance to slip away. However, a fleeting thought crossed him mind that made his expression change once again.

He was certain that he had retreated in the opposite direction of where Umred's initial ax came from. So, how had another ax suddenly come from his back?

Now that Leonel thought about it, he initially gave up on locking onto Umred with his Internal Sight because he couldn't immediately find him. Though his maze of spells was very helpful in separating his enemies and allowing him to deal with them one at a time, it also hindered himself.

In order to circumvent this problem, Leonel used visual arrays that could project the happenings to him, that way he could maintain control of the entire situation but…

Leonel clenched his jaw. 'Visual arrays are easily fooled…'

Leonel felt that he had stepped into a pile of shit. Who said Demons couldn't use their heads?

All of these thoughts flashed by Leonel's mind in a split second. He still had one advantage in all of this. His thinking speed was so quick that he saw through the plan of the pair of Demon Lords before it was even revealed.

The more information he had and the earlier he got it, the faster he could make adjustments.

In that instant, the ax veered off course, curling around Cralis as though it had autonomy of its own.

'That's the Silver Special Skill 'Weapon Control'.'

Leonel understood what happened now.

Umred had used 'Weapon Control' to fake the direction he was truly in, essentially blocking off a lane of retreat for Leonel while leading him to where he really was.

However, the real plan wasn't to hit him with this second ax, but to make him think that Cralis would be stalled, thus giving them time to pincer him. Umred banked on him being confused for just long enough not to realize that he was using 'Weapon Control', thus causing him to make an error in judgement.

However, Leonel was ready. Rather than trying to escape like the two expected, Leonel fired an arrow from a single knee, aiming right for Carlis' head.

The #4 Demon Lord was stunned, not expecting Leonel to make such a choice. He had been preparing an attack to catch Leonel off guard this whole time, how could he also defend at the same time?

Without an option, Carlis twisted his body, dodging to one side. However, it wasn't enough. Leonel was too close and his arrows were simply too fast.

SHUUUU! PCCHUU!

An arrow ripped through Carlis' black scales, tearing into his collarbone and just barely missing Carlis' throat.

In that instant, Leonel took the chance to explosively retreat once again, avoiding Umred's pincer.

Leonel took deep breaths, his bow primed and his arrow nocked. Beads of sweat fell from his brow as he watched Umred's battle axes float toward empty space.

In the next moment, a large three meter tall crimson demon with savage horns stepped out, crossing a spell wall Leonel had put up to appear.