Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2961 Feel Good

Leonel walked forward slowly, but his steps seemed to take him across the cosmos. When he entered the range of the Spiritual's home, he slowed down.

The region was exceptionally quiet. It should have been ravaged by enemies from all sides, but it looked as though nothing happening in the outside world had anything to do with them. In fact, it was like they were completely at peace.

Leonel didn't react much to this information. He seemed calm and indifferent, his thoughts smooth and his breathing even.

He took a step forward and entered the bubble. He didn't do anything special, simply walking high in the skies as though nothing could affect him. In that moment, he seemed to be just as much at peace as the world around him.

Down below, there were Spiritual children talking and laughing, couples lost in their romance, and some of the elderly who were enjoying their old age. It was a true paradise. They lived in harmony with nature, and there didn't seem to be any worries on their hearts.

Leonel walked around and tried to find the dark side of things, but it truly seemed as though the Ma'at Bubble had no such thing. If he didn't know better, he would have thought that this was the true God Realm, the place that everyone should want to ascend to.

As he experienced these things, he grew calmer and calmer. He thought about the situation the Human Bubble was in, teetering on life and death. He thought about how his life in the Incomplete Bubble had been thrown on its head and toward greater and greater chaos. He thought about how the Dwarven Bubble had just been seconds away from collapsing entirely.

Indeed. Compared to those situations, the land of the Spirituals was truly impossibly peaceful.

Leonel's thoughts turned back to the realizations he had made about himself, how deep inside, he did want to do the right things. It was how he was raised, and it was the type of person he was.

It was funny. Maybe because his father was worried about the influence of the Demoness, he had always gone out of his way to teach Leonel the importance of morality and doing things the right way... even though his father himself wasn't really a man who followed his own teachings.

Before he was married, his father was a womanizer who left broken hearts in his wake. When he was in his prime, he casually killed when he felt like it and destroyed anyone who offended him. The blood on his hands could fill oceans, and he never thought twice about it.

But love had taught him a different way to live life, whether that be for his wife or for his son. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

As such, Leonel had grown up in a completely different way. He had become a man who, while pulled by his Forces in all sorts of directions, had a bottom line. He still remembered when he crossed that bottom line before. He had looked back on that past with indifference, but now he could feel the hints of guilt rooting themselves in his heart.

Looking at how peaceful the Spiritual Bubble was, and how much pain and agony he had to go through in comparison, he felt his heart touching that bottom line again.

How good would it feel to just destroy all of their lives? How much satisfaction would that bring him? How much would it settle down this raging, burning, fiery intent in his chest?

Wouldn't it feel good?

For every smile he saw, those thoughts only seemed to bang against the cage of his mind and his heart all the more. It was a violent change that seemed to want to grip and take control of him.

And yet, he seemed to bask in it calmly. His eyes never flickered or changed, his killing intent was restrained and unnoticeable, and even as he walked from city to city, he not only didn't kill a single person, but he only seemed to grow calmer.

By the time he had strolled to the central castle of the Ma'at Bubble, a place he had just been a couple of months ago, his aura was so restrained that even if one looked at him, it would feel as though they were looking right through him toward something behind. Even if someone swept their Internal Sight over, there would be absolutely nothing to see, as though everything that was him had been stripped away from the world.

He had made such a mistake once before. He wouldn't make it again. While it would give him some satisfaction to destroy the Ma'at Bubble, it was precisely because he had once destroyed the Beast Domain and Nomad Domain of the Dimensional Verse that he had restrained himself from doing so.

Only by basking in this feeling and still choosing to take the path most wouldn't, would he really feel like he had settled that piece of him down and reconciled with it.

As he stepped forward, the doors to the Ma'at Palace opened on their own. The world listened to the call and intention of his heart, and he stood calmly atop it all. Even as he strolled in, no one seemed to notice him until it was far too late.

He stood in the depths of Ma'at territory, staring high into the skies as though he had reached some sort of enlightenment. The rage in his heart was blown away by a gentle wind. He stood before the throne of the Ma'at Spirituals, a place that was sacred beyond compare. He looked down from the skylight above and gazed at the gaudy display. Then, he suddenly vanished, disappearing from the world entirely.

In the place he had just stood, there were a pair of footprints that had seared into the ground, the only sign that Leonel had been there before. By the time the Spirituals sensed something and came rushing in, he was long gone.