Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2964 Superfluous

Half a month later, Leonel opened his eyes, a newfound sharpness gleaming in them. With a wave of his hand, a hovering key fell into his palm, now whole and perfect. A swirl of ash appeared in his hands, and the key vanished, entering his Destruction World. With a step, he too vanished. It was about time he unleashed some real carnage.

...

Leonel appeared high above the skies of the Dwarven Race. News that the army had been destroyed had likely already circulated, so he had come back to ensure that their side was still holding up. However, he found no army waiting for him. He scanned the region, his eyes narrowing.

"Interesting."

Leonel took a step and vanished into the void once again.

...

Leonel's steps were slow and deliberate. This time, he didn't seem to be speeding himself up with spatial laws at all. Rather, he was calm, collected, and indifferent to everything. He strolled through the world as though he wasn't the most wanted criminal in Existence. His almost frank casualness was ingrained into the minds of all those who saw him.

It had been a while since he was such a wanted man. He still remembered when Shield Cross Stars wanted to hunt him down. But in truth, he had never really experienced what that felt like. They didn't have the ability to lock onto him from countless light-years away, and so he didn't even have to disguise himself to slip from their jurisdiction. He literally just had to enter a new star system.

This time, escape wasn't nearly so easy. There was likely not a single region in all of Existence that could house him. If his Dream Force didn't become powerful enough, any Ancestor-level figure with a Dream Force Dharma could find him with enough time unless he kept constant guard and vigilance or spent the rest of his life in the Segmented Cube.

But right now, he wasn't even bothering to hide himself. Not only that, but he was in the Demi-God Realm, where even Gods were far less suppressed than they would be otherwise. In fact, even his aura was leaking out in waves.

Everywhere he passed by, the flowers and plants wilted, the ground seemed to be sucked of all its moisture, and space trembled and cracked. But Leonel himself didn't seem to be infuriated.

He was so calm that it was frightening, so calm that there was nothing more than a tranquil lake in the depths of his eyes, so calm that his emotions were unreadable even by the most powerful of Dream Force experts.

Leonel looked up.

At that moment, the skies seemed to be filled to the brim with Void Race experts. Their momentum was frightening, and just their presence alone seemed to swallow the skies into an infinite blackhole, expansive and never-ending.

Leonel glanced away, seemingly not caring. There was no one special in the group, no one worth caring about. A few of them had the auras of real Gods, but when compared to the likes of Willowyn, Bracken, or even Minerva and Elysium, they were pathetically weak.

It felt like a shame he even had to deal with them.

But deal with them he would.

Just as they seemed about to speak, a large dark gold key appeared in Leonel's hands. He didn't even glance at the skies as he swiped out with it a single time.

In that moment, the world seemed to split in two by a blade of ash.

The frontline Void Race members only had time to change their expressions before they froze.

One after another, the army collapsed.

Leonel continued to walk into the distance, his gait just as steady as before. It wasn't until long after he had already left the region that the frozen army collapsed.

First, they split in two at their waists. Then, as though they were erased by the laws of the world themselves, they crumbled to ash, floating into the wind like meaningless drivel.

Leonel himself never looked back a single time. Calm and collected, he faced off against the world. His steps might have been slow, but they seemed to grow heavier and heavier with every move that he made, and the depths of the calm lake of violet in his eyes only grew deeper with every passing second.

Another Void Race army appeared, and another was cut down.

Then another appeared moments later, and they were slaughtered as well.

Leonel could tell what they were doing. They were sacrificing themselves to make sure he stayed here, trying to delay him to ensure that Shan'Rae would have the time she needed to arrive.

What they didn't know was that Leonel had come here precisely to kill Shan'Rae.

The deaths of the two Sylvans weren't enough to satisfy him. He wanted the God Realm to fear him, to think twice about sending anyone down here at all. He wanted to suffocate them and infuriate them to the point they couldn't even raise their heads before a little human like him.

BANG!

The air exploded, and a valiant woman whose skin painted the sights of the cosmos appeared. On her head, a foggy, dreamlike blackness whipped around wildly like hair, and her gaze, a depth of endless white, was sharp and menacing.

When she locked eyes with Leonel, her killing intent exploded. It seemed that she hadn't even noticed that all her armies had been wiped out. Or, maybe... she simply didn't care.

She waved a hand, and a scythe appeared in it. It had a blade that looked like a jagged cut in space rather than one that had been forged by the hands of living beings. And it was almost comically large.

She alone stood at three meters tall, but the polearm of her scythe was double that, and its curved blade was at least that long.

"DIE!"

She didn't say any superfluous words. She felt that this human had lived long enough.

Leonel calmly met her gaze and then stamped his key into the ground.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The world seemed to quake at that moment.