Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2965 Indifferent

The moment the key stamped into the ground, it was as though the skies were overturned. A rush of gold spread out in all directions, and it felt like the two were instantly cut off from the rest of the world, enveloped by a dome of dark gold.

With a rush of violent air, the two were transported to a land with soil dyed with blood and skies as black as ink.

Shan'Rae's slash continued and seemed to want to cut this world in two, but Leonel calmly stretched out a hand, tattoos erupting around his body as a spear that roared with the echoing Will of hundreds of Fallen God Beasts appeared in his hand.

With a single tremble, rather than the tear in space caused by the scythe closing, it ripped apart even more violently and became so chaotic that Shan'Rae felt as though her weapon was slipping out of her control. Her Scythe Force slipped away from her, and her wrists nearly shattered beneath the impact.

Leonel took a step and seemed to walk through the rift in space as though it wasn't even there, as though he thrived in the chaos and destruction.

Before Shan'Rae could react, his spear was at her chest.

It pierced right through, and she coughed up a mouthful of blood, her eyes widening in shock.

"I didn't expect... that the Void Race would be so pathetic."

Leonel's voice sounded almost apathetic. He stared into Shan'Rae's eyes, and she felt her pierced heart shudder, a process that only caused her to cough up another mouthful of blood.

She stood far taller than Leonel, and yet at that moment, it didn't seem to matter in the slightest. She was the child, and he was the towering mountain. His presence alone in her senses felt as large as multiple worlds, as though this world and its will were his own...

And that was precisely the case.

Shan'Rae snapped back to attention, realizing that her mind had actually been slipping away from her. Her gaze sharpened, and she regained her focus.

Blackhole Force rippled off of her in waves, and space folded and waned. At that moment, Leonel felt as though his spear, which was in Shan'Rae's chest, felt worlds away from the meaty flesh of her heart. And just like that, Shan'Rae slipped away.

Leonel indifferently lowered his spear, pointing it toward the ground.

Shan'Rae's wounds healed as she swung her scythe. Despite being over five meters from Leonel, the scythe's curved blade still wrapped around his body, looking to cut his neck off his shoulders from his back.

At the same time, he could feel the myriad of changes in space. Even in his Destruction World, although Shan'Rae was having a harder time than usual, she could still control space willfully.

This should be the Lineage Factor of the Void Race. They were the center of their own universe, and this allowed them to control space as though it was an extension of their limbs. They didn't even need to summon Spatial Force; they could fold, bend, warp, and shatter it with just their will alone.

Just now, Shan'Rae had put up barriers of space in her own heart to make it seem as though Leonel's blade, which had been lodged in her chest, was actually dozens of kilometers away from the flesh of her heart. Like that, she slipped away before Leonel could shatter the rest of her inner organs.

This was a level of spatial control that Leonel had simply never met before. It made those White Spectral Tigers look like something worse than amateurs. They were practically children playing in a schoolyard's sandbox.

The moment Shan'Rae activated her Lineage Factor, even if it was in passing, it proved that she was taking Leonel seriously. Because until now... this was the first time since she had come to the Demi-God Realm that she cared to do so.

And it was exactly like that her scythe appeared behind Leonel in a flash. Space didn't seem to matter to her, and acceleration was even more unnecessary. It seemed like the moment she moved, her weapon was already in place to deal a death blow.

It was clear that not only was Shan'Rae far more adept in combat than Willowyn, but because they were in a Demi-God Realm and not a Mortal Realm like before, she was also experiencing less suppression than the latter and could bring out more of her true strength.

Unfortunately... Leonel didn't care.

Just as the scythe was about to take his head off, a finger lightly raised and tapped down on the polearm of his spear.

Once again, space grew so volatile that Shan'Rae's scythe was almost entirely ripped out of her control. At first, there was a clear line between herself and Leonel's neck. But suddenly that space became a wild net of winding paths, and before she realized what happened, she missed, her scythe soaring over Leonel's head and not even taking a piece of his hair.

Having cut through nothing, Shan'Rae stumbled back a half step. It wasn't a good feeling to pull all your strength into a move, only to have the chair ripped out from under you.

She recovered quickly, and it was just a minor step, and yet, in a battle of experts, that was truly all that was needed.

Leonel appeared before her. She had yet to fully regain her balance, and it was clear that he had moved first because he knew this would happen.

Shock melted across her face as she found herself staring at her own headless corpse. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

She had... lost her head??

Leonel's wrist flickered, and his spear cut across the world hundreds of times in an instant.

The world fell silent before there was an explosion of blades.

In less than a breath, Shan'Rae's body was severed into just as many pieces, collapsing into a rain of blood that fell like heavy meteors.

Leonel watched from start to end... completely indifferent.