Chapter 2970 Yet To

"What happened?"

Elysium's eyes opened slowly, a hidden sharpness within them.

"This..."

The elders looked toward one another. When they had received the report, they didn't believe it either. But this matter... they didn't know how to deal with it, and things were also far past the point where it could be brushed off.

"Patriarch, the situation is bad. We don't know how, but it seems like Shan'Rae has gained the ability to appear in different worlds seamlessly. She's moving too fast for us to keep up, and the carnage she's unleashing is tenfold what it has been in the past."

It had to be remembered that unlike Leonel, Shan'Rae could only slowly move from one world to another. That was because she didn't have the ability or the senses to travel through the void. That was true of most people.

With his evolved Wise Star Order status, this was nothing more than a breeze for Leonel. This was why he was able to go from world to world so quickly even with the teleportation channels shut down and space locked.

This measure had obviously been done as a counter to the Void Race, who were a race of Spatial Force users. But it had also helped them to counter anyone who might want to take advantage of things in the shadows.

But somehow, Leonel had been able to ignore this matter with ease.

Even so, back then, that was still acceptable because they all knew that Leonel had to rely on them to get out of his predicament as well. Plus, Leonel had been killing both sides with equal fervor, and truthfully, the amount of disaster he could cause on his own was very much limited.

But the consequences of Shan'Rae being able to do the same thing... This was a matter that could no longer be as easily ignored.

They all had the same thought.

Could it be that Shan'Rae had finally succeeded in killing Leonel? That seemed to be the only explanation for all of this. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

If the Void Race had sent someone with such an ability, why would they possibly wait so long?

That seemed to point to the idea that Shan'Rae had killed Leonel and taken whatever treasure or ability he had and was now replicating his feats.

Elysium's focus seemed to concentrate on his brows.

"What has happened?"

"She's gathering up armies of the Void Race and cutting down everything in her path. Somehow, she's also able to seamlessly travel with them all."

"... The Segmented Cube..."

Elysium's gaze became sharper.

Everything seemed to point to the fact that Shan'Rae had benefited from Leonel.

Even amongst the Gods, treasures that could carry so many living beings were too rare, impossibly rare.

The problem wasn't just having a spatial device that could carry the living, that was its own challenge and difficult to replicate. It also wasn't just the number either, though the more living beings you wanted to hold, the more difficult it would become as well.

The main issue was the quality of the being!

Creating a spatial device to carry a little puppy from Third Dimensional Earth was as easy as breathing for many Crafters of adequate skill. Creating one for a human of Third Dimensional Earth was still easy, though a little bit more difficult.

If it was a Fourth Dimensional existence, the difficulty would increase exponentially. If it was a Ninth Dimensional existence, it was already difficult enough that maybe only God Armament Crafters would be capable of such a thing.

However, that was only one layer of this issue.

It also depended on Force Manipulation. Someone with an Impetus State Force versus someone with a Creation State Force would be far easier to house.

And then, the final nail in the coffin was the strength of Constitution...

Storing Mortals was an easy task compared to storing Gods.

There were only a handful of treasures in all of existence that could manage to even carry a few hundred such existences. To be doing it on a scale of millions like was being reported here...

There were probably only two or three.

And none of them were on the same level as the Segmented Cube.

If Shan'Rae managed to take everything that Leonel owned, and she had the backing of the Void Race, this War was practically over.

Elysium really didn't want to have to kill Shan'Rae. That sort of enmity wasn't something that their newly risen Minerva Race could possibly bear.

All this time, they had been hoping to stall her, letting her nibble at their edges while hiding the true core of their power.

But once again, Leonel had ruined all of their plans. And this time, he had done it by being far too useless.

Why couldn't he hide? Why couldn't he bide his time? With the attention of so many people split, and with his intelligence, couldn't he just patiently wait a few more months? That was all they needed.

But now, they would be forced to take drastic actions, and what would have been a surefire win had become layered in difficulty and unlikelihood.

Elysium's gaze flashed with rage, but he quickly calmed down.

They needed a new plan.

"Summon everyone," he said slowly, his gaze focusing once more.

"This will be our final push. Either we live here, or we die here."

...

What they didn't know was that Leonel was very much alive. Though, to be fair to them, even the Void Race members that were recruited by Shan'Rae to enter "her" Segmented Cube had no idea that Shan'Rae wasn't the one in charge at all.

And, what they also didn't know was that after unleashing a killing spree with his new army of Void Race members, Leonel had vanished from the Demi-God Realms once again.

As for what his target this time was, it was none other than the Nomad Race.

There were very few things that could be hidden from him. By this point, he could see the net of secrets and web of lies being spun before him.

There was another layer of hidden powers at work here, and if they thought they could just hide in the shadows and reap the benefits...

They had yet to meet him, Leonel Morales.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!