Chapter 2971 Palm

The Void Race descended on the Nomads. It was such a lopsided affair that it could hardly be called a war. Even hundreds of Nomads weren't a match for a single Void Race member, so how could these worlds match up to such a large number of them?

The world that had challenged him to Challenge Sequence, the very same one being puppeted by Flaura, found themselves being burnt to the ground, unable to withstand the change.

They had just been "fighting" against Invalids, or more accurately, pretending to do so, but now they were being crushed.

And the reason for all of this hadn't even shown himself. Leonel just sat in the Segmented Cube in silent meditation, letting Shan'Rae handle it all by herself.

There was no way that he could control an army of so many Gods on his own. Getting Shan'Rae alone was difficult enough.

Of course, these Void Race members couldn't possibly match up to Shan'Rae. But the issue was that there were too many of them, and they still had the same protections as Shan'Rae.

Then there was also the matter of weight on his soul.

He had never had such trouble before, but after gaining three God Race Summons, and a Variant Invalid with great power, Leonel began to realize that there was indeed stress involved in supporting so many Summons at once.

Of course, he was still a long distance away from feeling that he had to calm down and slow it down. He felt that he could easily withstand two or three dozen Shan'Rae's. But it was also a wake-up call nonetheless.

As such, he could only use Shan'Rae as a proxy to control these Void Race members, but he didn't lose out in the slightest. Shan'Rae's prestige was so high that they didn't even hesitate to follow her orders, and that was mostly because this was what Shan'Rae should have been doing from the very beginning anyway, but she had been too obsessed with finding and killing Leonel.

But now that they thought she had succeeded, it only made sense that she would begin to do her duty properly.

Of course, this didn't mean that the world thought that Leonel was already dead. The truth of the matter was that the only ones that Leonel would have hoped to trick knew very well that he was alive. People like the Demoness, and those Ancestor Gods of the God Race, couldn't possibly fall for such a cheap trick.

But he didn't need to trick them anyway.

He was working here, so these were the people that he wanted to fool. As for anything else, he would take those things one step at a time and by the time they were ready to deal with him... he would be more than ready to deal with them.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

'The Owlans and Fallen God Beasts should have definitely made their moves by now. Soon, the God Realm will definitely send down more people for the sake of hunting me down. This will inevitably lead to a clash of misunderstandings and in the end...'

The Nomad Race bubble was burnt to the ground, but nothing happened. Even after scouring the entire world with Anastasia as a proxy, Leonel wasn't able to find what he needed.

The Nomad Race had Northern Star Lineage Factors in the midst, he was certain of that. There was an entire tangled web between them, the Dream Asuras, and maybe even more Demi-Gods.

Leonel had yet to untangle that entire web, but what he was certain of was the fact that if they wanted to keep sitting on the sidelines... He wouldn't allow them to.

Since this world didn't have what he needed, it would have to come from the next.

Leonel raised the scythes of the Void Race and charged into the next world.

...

News of what was happening to the Nomads had no way of spreading out, and it was ironically due to the very actions of the Owlans and their crew. Because there was so much chaos in the Mortal Realms now, no one knew what was being caused by the Invalids versus what was being caused by the Void Race.

Of course, Leonel didn't just indiscriminately target those of the Nomad Race. That would just be repeating the same mistakes that he had made in the past.

Instead, what he was doing was focusing on the members of the Nomads that were precisely a part of these plans. Every time he attacked one, while he didn't find information on exactly what he needed, he still managed to find several connections to others.

Like this, he had Shan'Rae march through the void, attacking these worlds so swiftly that they couldn't even react. Some battles despite the size of the worlds didn't even last more than a few minutes. The difference between Mortals and Gods was simply impossibly large.

It became clear to Leonel after dealing with the Spirituals that Races were divided into many thoughts and philosophies of their own. The Ma'at Bubble was the pinnacle of the Spirituals, but there were many other Spiritual Races with far weaker lineages and bearings.

As such, he knew that it was impossible to try and blame the entire Race, it would be nothing more than foolishness.

But he was still shocked to see just how deeply this ran. Even after destroying a dozen worlds, it seemed that the rabbit hole only became deeper and deeper, and the web spread further and wider.

Eventually, it would be impossible to hide what he was doing. These existences lurking in the dark would never allow him to run so rampant for so long. They definitely had their own plans.

And soon, that other foot dropped.

A mighty existence descended from above. The palm alone seemed to blot out the skies and the world shuddered beneath its presence. Everything about it was suffocating to an extreme.

And yet, when it appeared, Leonel's lip curled into a sneer.

It was about damn time.

BOOM!