Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel breathed heavily, sweeping over the enemies before him with an expressionless gaze.

Though he seemed to be in a bad situation, Leonel didn't feel like it was so. After all, all of his enemies were before him. He hadn't been surrounded and still had a lane to retreat.

Leonel's gaze landed on Lamorak, measuring him up and down. He didn't bother to speak any words as there was nothing he could say that could change the current situation.

In a lot of ways, Lamorak and Big Buddha were incredibly similar. They were both die hard supporters of their own individual ideals – one for the Slayer Legion and the other for Camelot. To them, the moment Leonel challenged their bottom lines, he was already deemed to be an enemy of theirs.

To people like them, things were only in black and white. And, even if they were aware that there might be a region of gray, they would rather stamp any instances of it to protect themselves from having to challenge their own ideals.

Leonel didn't feel like wasting his breath on people like this. Lamorak was already willing to go all out to kill him. But, the moment he saw the little mink in action, he felt as though all of his previous preconceptions were validated. This only made his fervor all the more great.

Lamorak would never consider what he would have done had the little mink not been on Leonel's side. He was simply a hypocrite, the kind of person who only sought to confirm their own biases while ignoring all else.

If Lamorak was any sort of objective, he would be considering why it was that a young man who could wield the Light Element would choose to side with a Dark Elemental creature. Logically, things shouldn't be as simple as they seem. But, would such a fanatic consider such a thing? And, even if they did, how seriously would they take it?

Seeing Leonel's lack of a response to his grand entrance, Lamorak could only admit within his heart that he felt somewhat stifled.

"Surround him!"

Leonel shot backward, completely ignoring the advantage he had over the two Demon Lords. What good were slaughter points to the dead?

In fact, Leonel had learned during the third round that slaughter points could be stolen upon death. He had no desire for his hard work to benefit someone else, and held even less of a desire to die.

Unfortunately, just because he willed it to be so, didn't mean that his body would function as he wanted. He was in a state of complete exhaustion, causing his body to be sluggish and uncoordinated.

The good news was that it was only his Soul Force that was completely drained, the Force within his body was still ample and could be slowly converted into Soul Force given enough time after being purified by the two stars of his Two Star Constitution.

However, where there was good, there was also bad.

Soul Force was what sustained Leonel's ability. Without it, his calculative abilities took a massive dip, his Dreamscape became useless and his Internal Strength couldn't be used to monitor his surroundings.

In addition, Soul Force also represented the focus of the mind even outside the use of Leonel's ability. Without it, his judgement and reflexes were impaired. Before, Leonel's coordination and reflexes used to be strengths of his stats, but now, they had plummeted by more than half each…

Leonel nocked an arrow and fired, hoping to maintain the distance between him and his pursuers. He still had several contingency plans to use, he just had to make it to them. But, he was completely astonished by what happened next.

His arrow shot through the whistling wind, appearing before a charging human of Camelot in an instant.

The young man in knight's armor froze, his body trembling as though he saw his life flash before his eyes. However, the sharp pain he had expected never appeared.

Not only was he stunned, but Leonel was even more so.

His arrow sailed, shooting into the ground and managing to land on the thigh of an unassuming mage who cried out in pain. However, Leonel was still in a daze.

He missed? He never missed. Outside of the time Leonel took to get used to the recoil of 15th century guns within the Mayan Tomb Zone, he couldn't remember the last time he missed. Even during his career as a quarterback, unless it was a hit impeding his throwing motion… He had never missed his target.

It was such a shock to Leoenl that he almost paused his steps, not believing what he was seeing.

It was at that moment Leonel realized that the drain of his Spirit Pressure affected far more than he thought it had. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'This is bad…'

Leonel was the only one who realized just how bad his situation was. Others thought it was simply normal if a bowman missed once in a while, not to mention the fact that Leonel's arrow had still technically hit a target. But, Leonel knew that if he stayed here for any longer, his situation would turn dire soon.

"Mages!" Lamorak coldly commanded.

Lamorak had waited here all this time. How could he not be aware of Leonel's potential escape route?

He might have been more powerful than Leonel, but his main occupation was as a General. The importance of a General Star to Camelot just might be greater than a Three Star Magus despite the fact there was more of the former than the latter.

However, one had to know that just because one had awakened a General Star didn't necessarily mean theirs was at the highest level nor did it mean it was necessarily serviceable, even.

It could only be said that Lamorak's was far beyond a normal level…

A volley of arrow spells shots into the skies, falling toward Leonel like a rain of meteors.

Arrows of earth, fire, wind and water… it felt as though all the elements of the world were converging onto a single man. The surge of Force was so great the front wall of the castle collapsed, widening the doorway until it was dozens of meters across.

'Little Blackstar.'

Leonel grit his teeth. He knew this move took a lot out of the little guy, but he had no choice. Most of the spells he had prepared in advance had collapsed after his Soul Force ran out. And obviously, he had no ability to cast any more.

The little mink stood on his four little paws, latching onto Leonel's hair. He growled, his hair standing on end until he seemed to double in size.

Just when Leonel was about to be completely overwhelmed, his body was suddenly covered by a thin layer of black fog.

SHUUUUU!

The violent fluctuations of magic shot through him completely, shattering the ground beneath him and leaving the ground of the castle in shambles.