Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't regret his actions earlier.

His regret had become a recurring event with him. He would make a mistake, acknowledge it, then move on. Over time, he wouldn't make the same mistake again, but that wouldn't stop him from making more and continuing to regret them.

For all intents and purposes, this was another mistake. Leonel didn't consider the fact his Soul Force could ever run out. This was only natural. He had become so used to using his Soul Force with impunity, he didn't even think reaching his limit was possible.

It seemed impossible to him. After all, he had a mind with the capacity of a Fifth Dimensional entity even if he was lacking in the power. Running out of strength while battling within the Third Dimension would seem ridiculous to anyone.

However, this was the reality before Leonel…

Yet, he didn't regret it. In fact, it was something that filled his heart with anticipation and fervor.

The power his Dreamscape Battle Sense ability gave him was something he could have never imagined. He toyed with the lives of two Demon Lords. Even if it was Lamorak before him, he would have been able to force the Knight of the Round Table into a corner as well. Leonel was certain of this.

It was a power he created himself. It wasn't something he was born with like his Metal Synergy or his Spear Domain Lineage Factor. He had built it with his own two hands.

There was something about this that filled him with pride. He had earned it. It was his. Whatever consequences might come with it, he would take. And why not? It was his.

Maybe the reason Leonel felt this way was because these emotions were in such sharp contrast to his shame.

These thoughts had been floating withing Leonel's mind for so long already. How many times had he been lucky to survive?

Leonel still remembered the conversation he had had with Roaring Black Lion within the hive cave. He might have had very few interactions with Roaring Black Lion, but that one in particular resonated with Leonel. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The new world older seemed to make the pains of the past worse. The bad of human nature seemed to have been peeled back like a festering wound, open to being damaged more and more with every passing moment.

Leonel realized how lucky he was to be in his position. Whether it be the talent passed down to him by his parents or the odd twists of fate that had allowed him to keep his life until now. His Dreamscape Battle Sense was one of the first things that wasn't just luck. Sure, his ability was gifted to him, but how he used it was built with his own hands.

That budding feeling within his chest seemed to grow.

With every strike Lamorak landed on him, these thoughts only reaffirmed themselves.

This pain that he was suffering now? Was it worth it?

BANG!

Was it still worth it now?

BANG!

How about now? Were you still proud? Did you still hold your head high? Are you not willing to beg for mercy yet?

BANG!

It was a repetitive cycle. The whistling wind, Lamorak's roar, the sound of metal meeting flesh, Big Buddha's cackling laughter…

It was all imprinted within Leonel's heart.

Even he didn't understand what this budding feeling was or what it represented. Maybe that was just how human nature was. People thought about inexplicable things at inexplicable moments. They felt ways they couldn't explain and ignored what might have been logical at any given instant.

However, there would come a day where Leonel understood even if it wasn't now.

For now, though… He felt a welling sense of pride. Because at least this time, he hadn't given up.

Lamorak raged, his mace swinging down with everything he had. He lost himself in his emotion. He didn't hear the sound of his weapon connecting, he couldn't feel it either as his arms grew numb. He couldn't even hear the sound of Big Buddha's laughter.

All he saw was Leonel's gaze. That empty, calculating gaze as his body was slowly being beaten into the ground.

At that moment, a massive crater had appeared within the castle. As Lamorak pounded down, he sunk further into the crater along with Leonel, not caring for what might happen to the foundation of Camelot.

By this point, many of the warriors he had been commanding had long since caught up. They watched this scene with astonished gazes, not knowing what they should be doing.

But, Lamorak didn't notice them either. All he saw was that gaze, those two pale green eyes. They seemed to be the only part of Leonel's body left untainted by blood…

Then… he swore… he swore he saw those two eyes smile.

"[Grand… Heal]…"

Leonel's voice cut through the whistling wind.

At that moment, the situation changed. A blinding surge of light encased Leonel, repelling Lamorak back several feet.

[Grand Heal].

Lamorak didn't believe what he had just heard. In the whole of Camelot, there were only two people who could use this spell, each more respected than the last. One was Pope Margrave and the second was the man he respected the most in this entire world… King Arthur.

It was a Three Star Magus Art on a completely different level than [Minor Heal]. In fact, it was so difficult to cast that it was even set apart from other Three Star Magus Arts.

The reason this Art was so difficult to cast was because not only was it a healing spell, but it was simultaneously a defense spell. Upon activation, the spell would give off a massive push forcefield, forcing any enemies in the vicinity back. Even Lamorak was blasted back tens of meters before he could even react. By the time he realized what was happening and charged forward again, his visage coated with a savage expression, it was already too late.

Leonel slowly stood from the crater, his clothing in complete tatters. His movements were slow, yet they held an undisguised strength behind them.

His sturdy, bronzed skin shone through the tears in his robes, giving him a wild, untamed appearance.

In the past several months, Leonel's hair had grown uncontrollably. Plus, due to the fact it was as sturdy as thin filaments of metal now, it was simply too much of a hassle to cut. By now, it was already approaching the small of his back, completing his unrestrained look.

With a flip of his palm, his bow appeared. Even without an arrow nocked, Big Buddha's laughter came to a grinding halt and those warriors who were in the surroundings involuntarily took a step back.

"I hope you had fun." Leonel said indifferently.. "It's my turn now."