Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Leonel appeared, everyone felt the change within him. They could all sense the biting wind and the chilling aura. It was as though his will was being manifested in tangible form.

Those who knew what this meant looked on in shock. It was precisely because they knew exactly what they were seeing that they felt as though their understanding of the world had been turned upside down. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Comprehending the Four Seasons Realm was one matter, but manifesting this understanding so clearly for all to see was a completely different matter. It was easier to accomplish this when it was one's own comprehension. But, when relying on the comprehension of another, this feat became several times more difficult.

The fact Leonel could do this was too confusing. Even King Arthur didn't know what exactly it meant.

However… it could be said that if those of the Morales Clan were present, their shock would be no less.

Unfortunately, no one had the time to think about their next move.

<Milestone Reached: Legendary Skill has been acquired>

<Trial 4 has been postponed, Elimination Round commencing>

<Elimination Goal: 20>

The small grey platforms began to rumble.

<Second Elimination Round — Begin!>

This time, Leonel was ready. As he fell toward the massive gray platform beneath him, his gaze was like lightning, seeing through the intentions of all those around him.

Still, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. Only a fool wouldn't be able to tell exactly who it was had just awakened the Legendary Skill.

SHUUUUUUUUUU!

Leonel's pupils constricted.

Three arrows came at him from three different directions. It was as though everyone had come to a tacit understanding that he was the greatest threat. But, this time, there was no Little Nana by his side and the little mink was currently sleeping within the Segmented Cube.

However, Leonel didn't panic.

During the Random Event, Leonel had cast [Grand Heal]. But, by all rights, he shouldn't have been able to. After all, within the Merlin Trials, the only skills one was allowed to use were the ones they unlocked with skill points. And, since Leonel had chosen a bow as his main weapon, he obviously couldn't cast spells like those who had chosen wands.

Yet, he had done so anyway.

The real question was… how?

The answer to that was simple: his Lineage Factors.

Just like these Trials couldn't stifle his ability, it couldn't hold back his Lineage Factors either. In that life or death situation, Leonel realized that when he used his Lineage Factor as a medium, casting spells he hadn't been able to before was as easy as breathing.

Leonel's lip curled, beautiful Bronze Runes spreading across his body.

"[Grand Bell Construct]!"

Force surged around Leonel as a massive illusory bell formed around him in the blink of an eye.

[Grand Bell Construct] was one of the few Three Star Earth Magus Arts that didn't rely on the earth beneath one's feet to form. It coalesced pure Earth Force into a transparent bell that surrounded the caster. Even though it wasn't the most powerful defensive Art, its utility made it perfect for the battlefield.

PENG! PENG! PENG!

Three arrows rebounded off of Leonel's [Grand Bell Construct].

The instant his feet landed on the ground, Leonel drew his bow in a forceful arc.

In quick succession he unleash the Gold Skill 'Knuckle Shot' in one direction and the Gold Skill 'Illusion Shot' in another. With a swing of his hips, his gaze locked onto the last archer. Even from so far away, he could see the fear in the latter's eyes.

He wasn't a demon. He was a normal human man wearing the shining armor of a knight. Knights who chose to be bowman were rare, but they were also incredibly powerful within their class. They could be considered rare elites an army couldn't do without, aces of archery.

Even as Leonel released the last arrow, he could only sigh. He didn't want to kill humans, but why did they insist on targeting him?

Everyone was stunned by Leonel's sudden counterattack. They were all elites, how could they not recognize the spell Leonel had just used.

In this sort of situation, [Grand Bell Construct] was too perfect. Not only did it provide good defense, but it also allowed Leonel's attacks to pass through from the inside completely unhindered. Though it gave up some defensive strength in order to allow this, its utility in the midst of battle was completely unmatched.

However, whatever success Leonel had didn't last for long.

At that moment, a towering aura shot through the skies. Even Leonel couldn't help but turn his head toward a certain direction. Despite the fact he could just as easily lock onto this person with his Internal Sight, it felt that it was improper of him to do so.

It was no surprise to Leonel that this towering aura was coming from King Arthur.

Clad in white armor fitted with roaring white tigers, his blond hair billowed beneath his surging aura. The sword in his right hand seemed to shimmer like the brightest gold.

Every step he took caused the platform to quake.

With reddened eyes, he slowly walked toward Leonel. No matter who he came across chose to take a step out of his way. Not a single person seemed to want to get in his way at this very moment.

The humans of Camelot looked toward Leonel with reddened eyes. Their rage could be imagined.

How long had the Knights of the Round Table held up the hope of their nation? How much had they taken on their shoulders?

All of them were brothers in arms. Yet, for Lamorak to fall not at the hand of a Demon, but a fellow human… it ate at their hearts and organs, making them shed hot tears.

In Camelot, the tears of men were rare. Maybe this was the same no matter which society it was.

With rarity came a certain heaviness. It was a weight that suffocated the atmosphere, bearing down on it until even the air one breathed felt like scorching lava.

As a King, Arthur couldn't shed the tears he wanted to. He put the whole of his rage into his sword, causing a Sword Force that could cut mountains to sing through the skies.

He wanted Leonel dead.. He wouldn't rest until he was.