Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel calmly watched as Arthur built momentum, dispelling [Grand Bell Construct].

Since he wanted to fight, Leonel would fight. He felt no sadness nor any remorse. Lamorak deserved to die.

Leonel took a step forward, his aura billowing upward, clashing with Arthur's. A surging violet aura stood above his head, fusing with his halo. In that moment, even King Arthur's felt stifled.

In a corner of the platform, Modred watch on with twinkling eyes. Despite the fact her father was so enraged, she didn't seem to feel any sort of particular way about it. She watched on like any other normal spectator.

In truth, she was the most curious about Leonel. It seemed that her favorite lover in recent months actually seemed to have quite some history with this boy. But, she still couldn't understand how they were related.

Though Monet tried to hide it, it was pretty obvious to Modred. This was especially so after that Big Buddha character didn't come back from the Random Event.

Modred smiled. The contrast of her cherry lips to her pale features was especially striking.

"It seems you all have forgotten about me."

Her voice was especially sweet, but it was barbed with the thorns of a rose.

She raised her wand, her slender fingers wrapping around it.

"Darling Monet, protect me."

Monet nodded, brandishing her fire coated whip.

King Arthur's expression changed. "You dare?!"

Modred smiled as though she hadn't heard a thing, a violent dark energy surging around her.

She needed slaughter points. Why would she wait around for a stupid battle of manly pride to finish? Since King Arthur wasn't paying attention to her anymore, this was the perfect chance for her to act.

Modred tapped forward with her wand.

At that instant, the sphere of blackness around her shot outward like the spikes of a porcupine.

Agonizing screams sounded as several warriors were torn apart. In the blink of an eye, half a dozen had fallen and over a dozen more were varying degrees of injured.

King Arthur's face flushed red with rage, veins bulging out from his handsome face. Without a choice, he charged back toward Modred. If he didn't hold her back, there was no one else who could. Even the five remaining Knights of the Round Table he had come with could only be toyed around with by her. Only Lamorak and Lancelot could last a few rounds with her but… he had frozen Lancelot out and Lamorak was dead…

Unfortunately for King Arthur, there was still Monet. And since Monet had acted, Violet Rain who had maintained a low profile all this time could only act as well.

Monet's whip seemed to cover the skies. Even from over 20 meters away, she kept King Arthur at bay under the support of Violet Rain.

'She's this powerful…?'

Leonel's expression changed. He suddenly realized that Monet was no weaker than Lamorak.

Most of Lamorak's strength came from his compressed Force. Obviously, Monet hadn't compressed her own Force as much as Lamorak had. But, her ability more than made up for it.

Depending on the strength of one's ability, it might not even matter whether one reached the Four Seasons Realm or not. It would still be possible to display grand power beyond one's imagining.

In addition, it was clear that, much like Hacker Hutch, Monet had been training in the whip since long before the Metamorphosis descended.

King Arthur was completely enraged. His kingly aura fluctuated wildly, his sword swinging with a mighty momentum as he tried to cross Monet's barrier.

Unfortunately, it was simply too difficult. He had to separate a portion of his Force to fuse with his armor and block Violet Rain's poison.

He was certain that if he was given enough time, he could easily reach Modred. The issue was that he didn't have the time.

When Modred acted, the whole of the grey platform descended into chaos. King Arthur had only cut the distance by half when a familiar voice sounded once again.

<Second Elimination Round Completed>

<Slaughter Points to be Distributed>

<Modred - 13 points>

<Leonel - 3 points>

…

The 100 star points above Leonel's head flickered and disappeared under the unwilling gazes of all those around him. It was obvious that this was probably a large part of the reason he was targeted at all. But, the archers who had chosen to take action had clearly been too eager. What would they have done had they really managed to kill him?

King Arthur's steps paused, a bubbling rage threatening to erupt from deep within him.

He stared toward Modred then looked toward the corpses of his fellow man that littered the ground. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Over 200 people had entered together. But, now there were just 72. Just 72 left. Of them, only 40 were humans.

<Trial 4 Commencing>

Unfortunately, no matter how enraged King Arthur was, things were destined to continue. The same callous voice sounded as though the deaths that had been caused by it were completely meaningless.

Leonel shook his head. It was for the best that things ended this way. His mission would fail if King Arthur died and having to fight such a powerful man while holding back would be like asking for death.

Just as Leonel was about to check to see if the exchange rate for slaughter points had changed, his vision swam.

At first he panicked. But, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't seem to keep himself awake.

Soon, his panic became languidness and his vision went completely black. The only assurance he gained just before he lost consciousness was that others seemed to be falling asleep along with him…

…

Moments later, Leonel appeared floating within a cocoon. There wasn't a shred of clothing on him and he was curled up in a fetal position.

What was truly shocking, though, about his current situation was the fact he wasn't alone. There was one other cocoon right next to him. But, this one held a gorgeous woman who was equally as naked.

In fact, even that wasn't the truly shocking part.. What would stun those watching from a third party's perspective was the fact that this woman was the demonic Empress, Modred.