Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel realized that this birth must be the main event of this world. So, he focused in on the castle.

Leonel was shocked to find that the instant he did, time accelerated around him.

'This is a good thing.' Leonel concluded. 'It must mean I'm on the right track.'

Though time accelerated, Leonel caught everything that occurred. Everything unrelated to the birth was cut out, but Leonel was able to capture everything about the birth itself.

He saw the happiness of the King and Queen. He saw the difficulty of the birth. He saw how Queen Guinevere almost lost her life giving birth to this child. And, he finally saw the child being born…

A beautiful little baby with large black eyes.

Unfortunately, this baby was sickly. She had overly pale skin and a feeble breath. She would often nap for long portions of the day, only letting the world see her large, blinking eyes for a few minutes a day.

Arthur and Guinevere were devastated. As the most powerful pair of mother and father in the land, how could they not pour their everything into the health of their baby girl?

At that time, after exhausting all their options, they turned their attention to the budding religion of the land, led by a Pope who was rumored to be even more talented than King Arthur himself in the Light Element. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Pope Margrave, please do your best."

Queen Guinevere held the little baby girl in her arms. By now, the little girl was already two years old, yet her development was severely stunted. Despite already having grown to the age of a toddler, she had yet to be capable of walking on her own and her size alone made it seem as though she was still a newborn.

This left the two new parents completely heartbroken. They didn't understand what they had done wrong.

Even when their little girl had been in the womb, they had traveled far and wide to find treatments to take care of her. Guinevere had been fed the best tonics and given the best medicines for all nine months. They hadn't missed a day of nurturing their child.

Yet, their little girl had come out like this. How could they not be heartbroken?

Pope Margrave looked just as handsome as he always did, but a hint of immaturity marred the momentum of his dignity. He smiled lightly toward the two parents and spoke.

"I am of course willing to do my best. I only hope that the Royal Family will protect The Church. We only hope to spread our beliefs to the people."

King Arthur's expression slightly hardened.

His Kingdom was just budding. Though religion could help to stabilize the people, it could also serve as an adverse variable. The faith of the common people was a hard thing to overcome. If it was weaponized… the consequences could be imagined.

However, when Arthur looked toward the tear stricken face of his wife and his frail child, his heart wavered.

"You have This King's word." Arthur spoke resolutely.

Pope Margrave smiled and nodded, taking the little girl into his arm.

Leonel watched the next sequence of events with shock. Arthur and Guinevere believed that their little girl was being treated with Light Elemental magic, but this wasn't the case at all.

When he had left the eye of the family, Pope Margrave brought the little baby girl to a quiet room.

"… [Twisted World]."

Leonel watched as a surge of darkness shot up around Margrave. The room that had once been bathed in light became surrounded by darkness.

Leonel panicked slightly, thinking that the Pope was going to harm the little baby girl. He had unknowingly become attached. He even wanted to see the little baby girl become better.

However, deep inside, he knew that it was impossible. He had already been to the future. It was either this little girl died or she became…

Leonel sighed.

The latter was confirmed by what happened next. Rather than being harmed, the little girl which had been napping suddenly became lively. Her sickly little body gained some strength and even let out an adorable little giggle. It was the kind of childish laughter that could warm the heart of even the most cold individual.

She raised up her little hands, grasping at Pope Margrave's face.

Pope Margrave smiled and let the child play with his finger. He seemed to get a slight happiness from the little girl's eagerness.

Leonel finally understood.

He had watched it all from start to finish. It was true that King Arthur and Queen Guinevere had done everything they could to nurture their little baby girl. But, all this time, they had always used the Light Element. Whether it was the tonics Guinevere drank or the medicines she ate, all of them were of this element.

It wasn't really their fault. From their understanding, the Light Element was the best at healing. In their narrow world view, it was likely that if they hadn't done all of this, their little girl would have died even sooner or been even worse off.

But… the truth was that their little girl was healthy. In fact, it was their fault that she was sickly at all. Had they not been feeding her medicines from her opposing element for so long, this little girl would have been just fine. In fact, quite ironically, had they been neglectful parents, the little girl would have been in an even better position than she was now.

When the Pope came out with their little girl and the mother-father pair saw how much more lively their little girl was, they couldn't help but shed tears. Even King Arthur, who hadn't cried even when Lamorak died, felt his eyes water.

They profusely thank Pope Margrave and put their all into helping The Church grow. All of the worries Arthur had were thrown out of the window. Who cared if he was raising a wolf in his own den? As long as his baby girl was healthy, he didn't care about anything else.

Camelot celebrated as their little princess grew. The worries they had about the little one not making any appearances vanished with the wind.

Everything was perfect… until the little princess came of age and had her affinity tested…