Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The idea of someone standing against the world seemed like something great and valiant to do. Just thinking about it made one's blood boil. There were maybe few other things that could elicit a person's pride than this.

However, what if the person tasked with such a thing was just a little girl of barely ten years old? What if she was subject to the silence of all the most powerful men and women of a Kingdom, all of whom were staring down toward her with varying expressions…

Shock… Apprehension… Disgust…

The little princess stood in a flowing white dress, her innocent faint still smiling as she placed her little hands on a crystal three times the size of her body. Her large black eyes sparkled as she watched the flowing black lights. It all looked particularly beautiful to her.

She didn't seem to notice the reaction of those around her. She was simply ignorant to them. Her mind was still a blank slate. How could she ever think that she would be shunned by something completely out of her control?

"Wow, pretty!"

The little princess giggled.

It was the same giggle that caused the hearts of those around her to flutter. It even cracked the expressions of those that were looking toward her little body with disgust.

King Arthur and Queen Guinevere looked toward their daughter with shock, not able to understand what they were seeing.

King Arthur was a Light Magus, a talent rarely seen across several centuries.

Queen Guinevere was a Water Magus. She too was a rare talent and even awakened a Variant Affinity that tended toward ice.

How the daughter that was the product of their union could possibly be a Dark Magus was completely unknown to them. Was this what they called fate?

Tears fell down Guinevere's delicate features as she kneeled down and hugged her daughter who was still ignorant to how her life had just changed. As for King Arthur, he didn't know how to react.

His first instinct was guilt. It was he who insisted on making their daughter's affinity ceremony a public event. He thought that this would be a great opportunity to affirm the standing of their Royal Family.

Though he hadn't known his daughter's affinity, he was certain that she was very talented. Ever since Pope Margrave began to heal her, she displayed an intelligence and wit far beyond her age. There had never been a doubt in Arthur's mind.

Maybe somewhat ironically, he had been correct. Those halos of light and those cracks spreading across the crystal's face made it all very obvious. Not only was his daughter a Childe, she was a monster even amongst Childes.

But the reality of it was cruel.

"Mommy? Why are you crying?"

The little princess blinked, unable to understand what was happening. It was only then that she took her eyes off the pretty lights and saw the eyes everyone used to look at her.

Seeing the array of emotions, her little heart trembled. Even if she was mostly ignorant of the ways of the world, she was still an intelligent little girl.

"Mommy… Did I do something wrong?"

Hearing these words, Queen Guinevere felt her heart breaking.

"You're all dismissed." King Arthur finally spoke, his expression not giving way for anyone to respond.

Those of the court left one after another.

Leonel shook his head, watching all of this from start to finish. Was this how superstition worked? Even to the point of forsaking one's own daughter? If it wasn't for the fact the little princess was in fact a princess, maybe she would have been killed on the spot...

Unfortunately for the little girl, things weren't ending here, they were only beginning.

… Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"What did you just say to me?! You want my daughter to do what?!"

Queen Guinevere's words came out in a hoarse screech. She couldn't believe the words she was hearing.

No, it wasn't that she couldn't believe them, but rather that she didn't believe who they were coming from.

How could the man she loved say such words? Was this really the same man who she shared a child with?

King Arthur was taken aback by his wife's reaction. Had what he said really been so bad? He couldn't help but take offense.

"Guinevere, why are you acting like this? I only want to protect our daughter."

"By keeping her out of the public eye?" Guinevere's lips curled into a sneer. "All you want to do is protect your precious Kingdom. If you have to sacrifice your daughter's freedom and happiness, you wouldn't mind, right?!"

"Guinevere! You're living in a fantasy land! Do you really think it's possible for her to live a normal life right now? What kind of freedom could there possibly be in her situation?!"

"Her? You can't even say your own daughter's name anymore? Does she disgust you now too?!"

King Arthur's eyes reddened with rage. Why wouldn't this woman listen to what he was saying?!

"This decision is final!" He roared.

Guinevere's sneer only deepened. A deep divide seemed to split the two despite the fact they still stood within the same room.

"Please do put your foot down, oh esteemed Majesty. This is what you always wanted, right? The power to stand over and rule the world? But don't you find it a little sad that you spent all this time fighting for this power, and now you're so scared to lose it that you don't even dare to stand beside your own daughter.

"What a Great King you are."

Guinevere's words held a biting a cold to it. Her irises involuntarily shone a bright blue as she momentarily lost control of her own magic.

King Arthur seemed stunned by what he had just heard. His chest heaved but he didn't have the words to reply.

He stormed out of the room, the boom of the closing door resonating throughout the castle.

…

Ultimately, King Arthur's words were final.

Leonel watched as the little princess grew up. He watched her optimism wither and her liveliness dim.

The palace maids seemed to keep a wide berth. Her own father was too ashamed to see her. Her mother was the only light in her life, but the pain of the splintering relationship with her husband left even her as a mere shell of her former self.

It could only be said that the little girl was alone.