Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took a deep breath.

This was no longer the trial grounds. While this meant that he was no longer restricted by cool downs and limited by skills, it also mean that this was the same for everyone else. This made this situation several times more difficult than it had been in the past.

Leonel believed that if he tried to use his Dreamscape Battle Sense now, the drain on his mind would be even greater without the limitation on the actions his opponent could take. But, for the time being, Leonel couldn't worry about this any longer.

Leonel's senses reached out once more. Though it seemed like he was paying attention to the opponents before him through the heavy rain, he was actually looking for Legend Skills.

Leonel realized something very important. Though it was negative that he could no longer guarantee himself the Four Seasons Realm with his bow, that didn't mean it was a net negative.

While he couldn't guarantee anything anymore… his paths had suddenly broadened. With all of these Force Arts floating around, did that mean that he could find the Legend Skills for his spear as well?

Just as Leonel was about to act, someone else couldn't hold back any longer.

Leonel locked onto a Demon Lord. Surprisingly, it was the very same Zombie Demon Lord he had met during his first battle in this no-man's land, Coyote.

Leonel remembered what Lancelot had said about this Demon Lord. Back then, he had been with the Demon Lord Dagon, a skeleton demon with heavy balls chained to his wrists and ankles. According to Lancelot, Dagon was ranked in the high 20's amongst Demon Lords and was even comparable to those in the top 20. Yet, compared to him, Coyote was much more dangerous.

The reason was simple… there was simply too little information about him. No one knew his likes, his dislikes, his tendencies… nothing. Maybe even Mordred was in the dark about this.

Coyote shot forward, his rotting eyes completely placid as though he didn't notice the tense situation they were all in. A foul stench wafted from his body as heavy droplets of acidic rain rebounded off his dead skin.

'A spear…'

Leonel took notice of Coyote's weapon immediately. This was most definitely not the weapon Coyote had used during that battle. It seemed that he had been hiding even his main choice of weapon from others. In fact, as far as Leonel remembered, he barely had any impression of Coyote during the Trials.

However, now that Leonel thought about it, he remembered that the only time he ever saw Coyote display any types of emotions was when the latter felt greed after Leonel took out his black-chained spear.

Back then, Leonel had been paying particular intention to the two Demon Lords in case the interfered in his battle with the minotaur. With his ability to read people, he would never mistake such an emotion.

'Wait…'

Leonel's frown deepened. For someone like as cautious and lowkey as Coyote to be making a move now…?

Leonel's gaze flashed, locking onto a certain direction. When he realized what was happening, his frown couldn't help but deepen.

Coyote wasn't running in the direction of a Legendary Skill. But, Leonel knew it was impossible for such a man to take such a risk for nothing.

'… So that's how it is.'

Leonel finally understood, but he hesitated. He already had so many enemies. If he made one of Coyote too…

While no one had moved after Coyote did, Leonel could guarantee that if he did, several wouldn't stay idle any longer.

Leonel shook his head, steeling his heart. This hesitation… it wasn't like him.

Leonel shot forward, his sudden movement catching the attention of all those who had been paying particular attention to him. Still, of those paying attention, Coyote was the most shocked.

He had been very cautious since the beginning. Before he made this move, he had deduced that there was a better than 50% likelihood that no one would bother with him and would choose to instead observe from afar.

After all, the situation was still tense. Humans and demons alike had a tendency of letting others test the waters for them. Like this, it would be possible to test for any dangers ahead of time.

However, he could have never expected that Leonel would actually throw all of this to the back of his mind. In fact, not only had Leonel done so, but it seemed as though his target was completely different from Coyote's. Yet, judging by the fact Leonel's gaze hadn't left the zombie Demon Lord from start to finish, Coyote knew that he had been seen through.

A smirk curled Coyote's lip. 'It seems that I've been seen through. But so what? They must think I'm weak just because I choose to keep a low profile. Who do you think you are to challenge my will?! Your spear is mine.'

Coyote didn't bother hiding his intentions any longer. With a hard plant of his foot, he deviated his intention direction slightly, shooting toward the empty space between himself and Leonel.

Those with weak Internal Sight wouldn't be able to see anything but a foggy space. However, it was clear that both Leonel and the zombie Demon Lord had seen something others hadn't.

Leonel was just 50 meters from his location. The sloshing of the growing mud beneath his feet didn't seem to impact his speed in the slightest. But, it seemed that he had underestimated just how much King Arthur wanted him dead.

"[Minor Teleportation]."

Leonel knew the spell well. Not only did it take up a large amount of stamina for a usual Magus, but it took half a minute and sometimes even more to cast. It was simply impractical to use during battle unless one was at the level where casting multiple spells in conjunction was possible.

For King Arthur to use this spell now only meant one thing: he had begun preparing it long ago and saved it for the expressed purpose of obstructing Leonel.

No matter how kind hearted and understanding Leonel was, he couldn't help but feel a flicker of rage from the depths of his heart. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

From start to end, it was always this so-called King Arthur obstructing him in every way and fashion. Did this King really think that he was a pushover? Did he look like a man that could be targeted for death time and time again without consequences?

Leonel's aura billowed, his bow disappearing in favor of a heavy spear.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

The sound of the black spear's chains drowned out even the thunder in the sky above. Leonel could feel that his spear had been waiting to be released for a long time. He had repressed it for a long time already, it was finally time to unleash it.

Leonel's gaze seemed to pierce through the space separating himself and the King.. Even if he couldn't kill this bastard, Leonel didn't mind teaching him a harsh lesson he would never forget. How could he wield that sword so arrogantly without an arm?!