Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The blaring horn seemed capable of separating even the thick clouds above. Those close to it felt as though they had suddenly been thrust into the center of a storm. Even after the sound traveled tens of kilometers, it refused to dissipate, multiplying over itself and projecting outward for longer and longer distances.

Leonel stood amidst the rain with an indifferent expression. However, the ground had already begun to rumble. If the world had already felt as though it might end at any time, it was practically on the brink of destruction now.

Aliard's expression had been bordering on smugness just moments ago. But now, it felt as though everything within his body had tightened. He stared daggers toward Leonel, but the latter remained unmoved.

At that moment, the first roars came from over the horizon. Massive demonic beasts of all shapes and sizes charged forward as though they had lost their minds, savage expressions being projected from their red eyes.

It could be said that Leonel was an absolute expert of every path of magic Camelot had to offer. As long as it was within the Magic Art Tower, it was stored within his Dream World, never to leave. The only reason he never used elements outside of Light and Earth was because it simply wasn't worth it.

With his affinity, casting Light or Earth Arts took half the stamina, could be completed in half the time and carried twice the strength. Why would he waste his time casting other arts when this was the case?

However, there were especially rare instances where the paths of other mages were beneficial to him. Whether it was when he used a teleportation Art as a trump card or when he used the sensory blockers of mental mages to form the maze within Camelot's castle, both of these were instances of Leonel taking a step out of his true comfort zone.

The use of this horn was yet another instance.

Originally, Leonel hadn't had a plan to use Joan's treasure. He originally saved it within his Dreamscape only to test his new Dream Sculpt ability. Back then, Joan's treasure had just been a useful outlet.

However, after he met Simeon again, he realized that this treasure might become very useful when disrupting Simeon's control over his beasts. Unfortunately, Simeon had smartly retreated long before Leonel got a chance to use this trump card he had kept in reserve.

When Leonel came to this SS-grade Zone, he found himself pushed into a corner again and again. He realized that he needed trump cards or else this really might be the place he died. The problem was that alone… Joan's staff was useless.

Leonel didn't dare to use it on humans for fear of the backlash. He affirmed this unwillingness after reaching this world. With the strong mental strength of mages, who would dare casually try to take control of their minds? Even Aliard had to be especially careful.

Due to this realization, Leonel thought that Joan's staff might very well become useless to him until he met Simeon again. But, when he was browsing the Mage Arts of the Magic Art Tower, he suddenly stumbled into the world of beast mages.

Overall, they were a small profession, often overlooked entirely. Many of them were just glorified mailmen, used to take control of messaging birds to communicate between long distances. However, it was in them Leonel saw endless potential and a plan began to form in his mind. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The horn just happened to be a useful medium, but the true strength of the horn were the spells Leonel inscribed onto it. These spells were to beasts what mermaids were to sailors. The moment they heard it, they couldn't help but be lured to Leonel uncontrollably.

Leonel had been saving this card in his back pocket for a long time, waiting for an opportune moment to use it. In fact, looking toward Leonel now, King Arthur felt an endless bubbling fear within his heart.

What if Leonel had blown this horn from within the walls of Camelot? What would the result have been then?

This was maybe the first time King Arthur had ever felt such a way. If Leonel had wanted to raze Camelot to the ground… could he really have done it?

There was one point that made all of this all the more shocking.

In order to stall Camelot and force them to keep some warriors back to defend their lands, Mordred had commanded beast tides to attack human settlements. Of course, she couldn't control these beasts, she could only direct them in particular directions almost like a glorified herder.

However, due to Mordred's actions, not only were there higher concentrations of beasts in this region than there was usually, they were also in large groups.

Could it be that Leonel had taken this into account as well? Just who was this boy?!

Leonel raised his golden road. A powerful, surging Spirit Pressure shot into the skies, separating into dozens of thin lines of energy.

"Arthur, Mordred, come here."

Arthur frowned. His initial instinct was to reject Leonel's words. But, what the latter said next made his blood freeze.

"Come here, or the first person I trample will be you."

Leonel's voice turned completely icy, carrying an air of majesty that seemed to project directly from the halo above his head.

If it wasn't about his own life, he would let Arthur be trampled to death. As for saving Mordred, that was for two reasons. For one, he still felt a hint of sympathy toward this beauty. But, more importantly, she was the key to fixing her father's marriage.

Mordred's lashes blinked somewhat flirtatiously. Her tastes were usually quite young to begin with as she had once told Monet. In fact, she had never even considered being with a man, nor was she attracted to them. But, she had quite a good impression of this child.

Even within the rain, she glided forward elegantly, completely ignoring Arthur as though he didn't exist.

At this point, the battlefield was caught in an odd stalemate.

Unfortunately, the first of the beasts had already crossed into their fields of vision.