Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's momentum was stifling. It felt as though the whole world was bowing down to him, as though everything within his reach was his own Domain.

"Domain?!"

Aliard was so shocked by what he was seeing that he didn't know what to say.

Leonel was simply too ignorant of the way of this new world order. Often times, he couldn't properly grasp how his own abilities compared to others and just how valuable some of the resources he had available to him were. As such, he had no way of knowing just how rare Domain abilities were or just how powerful they were.

The so-called [Light Domain] couldn't truly be considered such an ability. Though it had helped Leonel understand the framework of what a Domain should be, [Light Domain] could only be considered a cheap imitation.

A Domain, no matter what kind it was, represented Sovereignty, a dominion, an area of absolute control.

In order for one to comprehend a Domain, one must be of the King's Path. However, not only did Leonel not know this, he had no idea what a King's Path was to begin with.

This couldn't be considered to be Leonel's fault. At Earth's current level, it wasn't worthy of coming into contact with such a thing. In fact, even Fourth Dimensional worlds and most Fifth Dimensional worlds would never come into contact with such a thing. Even if there was a child with such abilities born into such a world, their talents would more than likely go completely unnoticed.

Understanding the King's Path wasn't just about having the ability, it was also about being of high enough standing to learn about it to begin with. And, even then, the so-called King's Path was just the tip of the iceberg.

With all of this said, it was thus shocking that Aliard was even aware of the existence of such a thing. And, the truth of the matter was that he wasn't. He had no idea what the King's Path was. The reason his reaction was like this was only because he had a small bit of knowledge about Domains, and this small amount of knowledge was already enough for him to shiver in fear.

Leonel, however, didn't care about Aliard's reaction. To him, having a Domain wasn't a big deal. This Chain Domain was just one of hundreds of Domains he could comprehend. In fact, it was among the very weakest. With such a perspective, how could Leonel realize the kind of treasure trove he was sitting on?

All he cared about was burying Aliard.

BANG!

Leonel shot forward.

At that moment, Aliard felt as though he was moving through quicksand. He felt a weight on his body that seemed beyond simple gravity. It was as though limiters had been placed on his body, not allowing him to display his full potential.

Aliard forced himself to calm down. Even though this was a mighty Domain, it had its own weaknesses. It was clear that it was still very immature.

For one, even though this was a Restriction type Domain, it could only work on the physical body. It had little impact on his Spirit Pressure or the Mage Arts he could cast.

The only unfortunate part was the Little Nana's ability only worked on the physical for now as well, which meant that within this Domain, it was impossible to use this ability against Leonel.

Still, after thinking to this point, Aliard had already calmed down completely. The range of Leonel's Domain was only about ten meters currently. This meant that he couldn't stop Aliard from continuing to bind the beasts. As long as the beasts couldn't interfere, he didn't believe he couldn't deal with an immature brat!

At that moment, the ground before Leonel turned into a shadow, quickly manifesting Margrave who had returned to protect Aliard. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Leonel didn't seem fazed by this, he had already been prepared. It was impossible to expect Mordred to stop both a group of five elites and Margrave at the same time. From the moment Leonel stepped onto this battlefield, he was prepared to face the both of them at once.

Margrave immediately realized that his physical speed had been limited by Leonel's Chain Domain. However, he reacted quickly, surging with Dark Elemental Force. It was clear in an instant that his strength in the Dark Element far surpassed his skill in the Light Element.

Shadow-like tendrils shot up from the ground, shooting toward Leonel. At the same time, Aliard's eyes flashed, manifesting numerous invisible drills that pierced toward Leonel's mind.

Leonel charged forward as though he couldn't sense the danger.

A sinister light flashed within Aliard's eyes. He wasn't surprised by this result. This was the same fool who couldn't even block a simple mental agitation spell just a couple months ago. It was impossible for him to be able to see through the intricacies of mental mage magic already.

Leonel's spear swept forward, a strong Spear Force and light coating its tip. It slashed apart Margrave's attack as though it was formed of tissue paper, allowing him to close in on the former Pope in the blink of an eye.

Margrave felt the restrictions coating his body. He couldn't move as he willed, and even if he could, how could he, a lifelong mage, match Leonel's speed?

"[Shadow Shield]."

Numerous triangular curved shield appeared between Leonel and Margrave. Though Leonel shattered the first two with absolute ease, the third and subsequent fourth slowed his steps greatly. It seemed as though his momentum would come to a grinding halt at that very moment.

It was then that Aliard's invisible attack entered Leonel's range.

If one could look into the world of a mental mage, it looked as though six cone-shaped drills were spinning toward Leonel, each more sinister than the last. One was even directed right toward Leonel's brainstem, looking to kill him with a single lethal strike.

The strike seemed inevitable. Even as Leonel shattered the last of Margrave's defenses and closed in on the man, the latter was relaxed as though he could already see Leonel's corpse.

However, it was at that moment that Leonel's eyes closed and reopened. It seemed like it occurred in but a moment, just a singular split moment. In fact, if the two men didn't know better, they would think that Leonel had simply blinked…

But, there was no mistaking the sudden change to the air.

"AGH!"

Aliard held onto his head, shrieking in pain. Even when he closed his eyes in an attempt to escape, he couldn't shake the sight of those two predatory eyes boring into his mind…