Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel brought the snowglobe forward, hoping to see some sort of tangible change. But, he was quickly disappointed. The large, complex and spherical Force Art didn't budge even a bit.

Leonel shook his head. He couldn't even look at this Force Art directly without feeling a splitting headache, but now he couldn't even store it away?

Suddenly thinking of something, Leonel began to search the bodies of Aliard, Margrave and Peirce. There had to be a clue on their bodies about what their plans for this Force Art actually was.

King Arthur watched this scene as though he was hesitating to say something.

A part of him wanted to say that these treasures should be split. If he did say so, he wouldn't necessarily be in the wrong. After all, he did participate in the battle and he did alleviate the pressure Leonel had been feeling. So, compared to some other shameless individuals, he would have more of a right to speak of such things.

However, a part of him wanted to hold back. He didn't know why, but he felt as though saying something like this would be inappropriate.

Leonel continued to search through their bodies as though nothing was happening. It was only after finding a few spatial treasures that he looked up toward this King that seemed to be just a shell of his former self.

Arthur felt somewhat uncomfortable beneath the gaze of Leonel didn't say anything for a long while. But, Arthur was ultimately a King, his deeply ingrained pride didn't allow him to look away. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Suddenly, Leonel smiled. "Your Majesty, did you forget that there are countless treasures floating around? What are you standing around for? Do you want them all to disappear first?"

Leonel's words suddenly snapped everyone out of their stupor and absentmindedness.

Due to the harsh weather and the subsequent battle, everyone had forgotten that the initial spark for everything were the Force Art Skills and the treasures of Merlin's Trials. The dark skies and rushing rain made it too easy to miss the floating treasures in the air, they could hardly see their hands right before their faces.

Arthur was stunned for a moment before he laughed and shook his head.

Instead of heading toward the treasures as everyone expected, he slowly walked toward the bodies of his fallen brothers and kneeled by their sides falling into silence.

Sometimes actions spoke louder than words. And in this case, Arthur's actions spoke the loudest.

No one knew what would happen to Camelot. The weather had only been growing worse and the rumbling of the ground had never stopped. In fact, it was only growing more intense.

In such a situation, Arthur was actually still thinking about treasures. Even he found himself to be laughable.

It was impossible for a person to change in an instant of time. But, it seemed possible for someone to take a first step.

Arthur placed Peirce's head before his brothers, falling into silence.

Leonel watched this scene from afar and didn't say much. Mordred's gaze flashed for but a moment before returning to normal. She seemed more interested in Leonel than anyone else.

"Everyone." Leonel spoke. "I won't hog everything. You can rely on your own abilities to snatch the treasures that remain. But, since there are so few of you remaining, I hope there won't be anymore killing. The future is still uncertain right now, so do your best to preserve yourselves…"

Leonel knew that the integration with Earth's Fold of Reality definitely wouldn't be smooth. Though, this situation was much better than it could have been. Since Camelot was appearing with its own land and resources, it wouldn't be encroaching on Earth, at least not immediately.

But, who knew how long that would last?

As things stood now, Leonel didn't feel any sort of special attachment to Earth, and he definitely didn't have one for Camelot. He just hoped they wouldn't massacre one another to the last man.

With those words said, Leonel turned his attention back to the rings in his hands, completely ignoring the gaze of Monet and Violet Rain. It was no surprise that they both believed that his words were targeted at them, but what could they do about it? Leonel had made his stance clear, and he also made it very obvious that he was the most powerful individual here.

Monet's gaze narrowed.

'I stand no chance against him… Unless the Fourth Dimension descends, it'll remain like this…'

Every Dimensional Descent would cause an overall evolution of its world and people. Monet felt that even with the strength of her ability, she would need it to evolve again for her to stand a chance against Leonel.

But, by then… wouldn't Leonel's ability also evolve?

The variables were too many and the future was too difficult to read. Whether or not she would succeed in surpassing Leonel when that time came was still questionable.

Leonel, however, had no intention of letting those he had already surpassed threaten him in the future.

'There's nothing in here…'

Leonel frowned.

Within Margrave's spatial ring, the most important thing he found were crystals that held various Dark Elemental spells.

This was technically a good thing. Though Leonel had no intention of using them himself, he could use 'Perfect Union' to transfer these skills to the little mink and allow the little guy to slowly gain more control over his own abilities.

However, even if it was good, it wasn't what Leonel wanted to find.

Aliard's ring was even more useless to him. It contained more sinister mental mage spells than what Leonel could find within the Mage Academy, but other than that, there was nothing.

Leonel's frown deepened because Peirce's ring was even more useless to him. It contained sword techniques and he obviously didn't wield a sword.

The truth was that Leonel was less off put by the fact he couldn't find anything than by what the fact he couldn't find anything meant.

All of this meant that he once again couldn't see through the purpose of The Bishop and his fanatics.. And this… was a worst-case scenario.