Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel could only shake his head as he threw Aliard back into a state of suspended animation.

'There was a mind scouring technique within Aliard's possession…'

There were many sinister techniques within Aliard's possession. Among them, there was a technique by the name of [Mind Search]. It was a technique that left the target pretty much brain dead.

However, Leonel didn't dare to use this technique so freely, and especially not against Aliard. The backlash for failing was even worse than being the target of such a technique. Without enough assurance in his own skill, he couldn't.

'After my Soul Force evolves to use Fourth Dimensional Force, I'll learn the technique and use it on Aliard. Only then would I have 100% assurance.'

Leonel was satisfied with his choice to remain cautious. However, being cautious now wouldn't help him with the current situation.

By now, many of the elites who had remained began to discuss how to split the treasures. It was quite shocking. If others of Camelot knew that Demons and humans were discussing things with their words and not their blades, who knows how they would react?

Leonel tried the dictionary again, but it still remained silent. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

A sigh escaped his lips.

'Maybe I should focus on gathering the Legendary Skills. This world doesn't seem like it'll stay in this state for much longer.'

Though it seemed like everyone was casual, the only reason they weren't running around panicking was because of their elite statuses. They weren't common folk, they knew that no matter what was happening, they needed strength to overcome it.

In addition, there was no use in rushing back to Camelot or the Demon Empire. By the time they got there, everything would have likely been set in stone. So, why not stay here and benefit?

'There's one thing I still haven't tried…' Leonel thought to himself, flipping his palm to reveal the Segmented Cube.

Leonel had realized something. Whenever the Segmented Cube swallowed something, it would separate into its jigsaw puzzles and envelop it. Then, when Leonel entered, whatever it swallowed would magically be within one of the snowglobes. Who knows, maybe it could help him out now?

"Help me out a bit, will you?" Leonel asked in a somewhat pleading tone.

This Force Art was too important him.

Leonel suspected that this Force Art, the one in his Dream World, and others like it could boost the comprehension speed of whoever wielded it. How else could he had comprehended his Healing Branch in such a perilous moment?

If this was true, the benefits would be nearly infinite. He couldn't bring himself to leave it behind even if there were other treasures to be had here.

The Segmented Cube suddenly whirred to life, causing Leonel's eyes to widen with expectation.

It spun on Leonel's palm for a moment before shooting forward through the rain.

It expanded to hundreds of meters in width in the blink of an eye, separating into countless little jigsaw puzzles.

The others watched on in shock but didn't say anything. They could tell that there was something frightening above the sinkhole just based on instinct. But, most of them couldn't even see it. And, those who could, could only do so for a moment before their minds were split apart by a blinding headache. Clearly, they weren't qualified to benefit from whatever this thing was.

When the Segmented Cube returned to Leonel's hands, he smiled brightly, a weight finally being taken off of his shoulders. Though his mind was still too weak to comprehend this Force Art now, if he found another opportunity like he did within the Force Crystal Mine, the benefits would be unimaginable.

Feeling relaxed, Leonel finally turned his attention to other things and began to pick out Legendary Skills.

Leonel realized during this process that fusing with these skills wasn't so simple. If he wanted to make them his own, he would have to draw them into his Dream World with his Dream Sculpt ability just like he had for the Mage Arts he learned.

But, Leonel didn't mind this.

For one, thanks to this, he was able to find the spear Legendary Skill he lost to Coyote floating above his body after his death. Clearly, Coyote hadn't managed to make it his own.

And secondly, this meant that compared to others, he had a great advantage. Who knew how many years of meditation it would take the others to comprehend their own Legendary Skills? As for Leonel, he felt that a few weeks, and a couple months at most, would be enough for him to finish Dream Sculpting one. Within a few years, he would have finished with them all.

Still, this made Leonel realize just how magical Merlin's World was. Somehow, with the use of skill points, star points and slaughter points, he managed to make the process instantaneous.

This level of skill was far beyond Leonel's comprehension and something he could only look up to. But, at the same time, Leonel felt like the secret to allowing this was within the Fourth Dimensional Force Art he had used the help of the Segmented Cube to take.

Leonel managed to find the remaining three Legendary Skills for his bow and the one Ultimate Skill that helped fuse them. Then, he repeated this task for the spear.

He originally planned to stop there, but when he found the Ultimate Skill for his spear, he stumbled across the Summer Legendary Skill for fists.

'There's no one here who relies on fist techniques…'

Remembering his time with Heckle and the boxing techniques he learned, Leonel smiled and decided to snatch the four Legendary and one Ultimate Skill for fists as well. Who knows, it might come in handy one day.

Leonel's heart felt light. Though the trip to this Zone had been dangerous, he had benefited a lot.

'Aina…'

Leonel looked up toward the rumbling skies. It seemed like the apex of this transformation was coming. With its conclusion, Leonel knew that his Zone quests would end as well.

"Leonel."

A sudden voice snapped him out of his thoughts. He turned to see that it was Crakos, the #1 Demon Lord.

"Yes?" Leonel asked.

"Choose."

Crakos' words were blunt and without flowery wastes of breath. His voice itself, despite his massive size, actually sounded quite scholarly and soft, though. It was quite an interesting contrast.

Leonel looked toward what was in Crakos' hands only to find numerous floating treasures, all of which had been trapped within spatial dimensions.

"Oh?" Leonel's gaze lit up. "I won't stand on ceremony, then."

Leonel smiled and took a familiar necklace. It seemed that the Treading Goddess Necklace would still fall into his hands in the end.

At that moment, the feverish rumbling of the world reached a peak. The sound of shattering glass reverberated through all their ears.. Then, everything went black.