Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Montez didn't say anything in response to Leonel.

There was no such thing as absolute fairness in this world.

The only reason so many worlds had come together to provide rewards to Earth for their progress in clearing Zones was because they saw Earth's potential. There were plenty of other Pseudo Fourth Dimensional Worlds that didn't even qualify to gain such treatment.

In addition, this system exposed the underbelly of something far more sinister.

For these worlds to so casually hand out such treasures to a fledgling world… how much could they really care about such treasures?

Leonel couldn't help but laugh inwardly.

He and everyone else on Earth were doing all they could to earn these rewards, but weren't these just the scraps left behind by higher worlds who couldn't bother with them anymore? To those lofty beings, what were Black and Bronze treasures to them? They might not even bend down to pick up a Silver Grade treasure off the side of the road.

Yet here he was, jumping like a monkey for them.

Leonel's rage slowly calmed. What point was there in being angry? He had to clear these Zones one way or another for the sake of saving his home world. Even though he didn't have many positive emotions toward the current Earth, this still remained true.

Since they wanted to give him their scraps, he would accept them for now. But, he would remember this.

"No thanks." Leonel said calmly. "I'll be keeping the evidence to myself."

Montez's gaze sparkled slightly. "Are you sure?"

Such a choice came with its own consequences. But, Montez was sure that Leonel didn't need this explained to him.

This would most definitely place a target on Leonel's back. Not only this, but whatever organization, world or entity that had deemed to act against Earth this time would most definitely be thoroughly offended.

Leonel had already ruined their long, well laid out plans. If he also didn't know when to take a step back and insisted on pursuing this matter, there would be no repairing such a relationship.

"I'm sure." Leonel said casually, having already thrown this matter to the back of his head.

He almost died not once but twice. In addition to this, these people wanted the resources he rightfully fought to earn. Yet, they wanted to lower his head and accept this trade? Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Though Uncle Montez had only said the word 'evidence', Leonel knew it implied that they also wanted to take the Fourth Dimensional Force Art from him. And to think they wanted to trade a measly Bronze Grade treasure for it.

Leonel's couldn't help but sneer inwardly. He was pissed.

"Alright, alright brat. That's enough of that. You're scaring your uncle making such a face."

Montez smiled, heavily patting Leonel's shoulder as though greatly satisfied. But, that minor action made Leonel feel as though a mountain was landing on him. He could only smile bitterly, just how much more powerful than himself was Montez?

"Now, your rewards. This will be designated as a Tier 9 Black Zone, so the rewards will be distributed as such. They will be split three ways, one portion to you."

Leonel nodded. He had left Monet and Violet Rain alone, so he had already expected as much.

"For clearing the main quest of saving King Arthur, you'll receive four Tier 9 Black treasures. You failed to clear the side quests, whether that was to kill Mordred or solve the Love Triangle though you made some progress on the harder of the two. So, no rewards for this.

"However, you managed to clear the most difficult mission and made Camelot a part of true history."

Montez raised an eyebrow when he said this. It seemed that this wasn't so simple.

"Uncle Montez, what exactly does that mean? What changes will happen?"

"Well…" Montez hesitated. "The main benefit is the accelerated maturation of Earth. Originally, it should have taken a few more decades for the Fourth Dimension to descend. But, this will happen much sooner, another few years at most."

Leonel fell into his thoughts. He didn't know if this was necessarily a good thing…

"Another important change you should consider is the change to overall history. This will cause unique changes to Earth's history and by extension your Zones to appear. It will become more difficult to rely on your understanding of history to clear Zones now."

Montez shook his head. Leonel felt like he wanted to say more, but he was clearly bound by something.

Leonel had already gotten used to this, Montez had been like this from the very beginning.

"Anyway, due to the uniqueness of this hidden quest, the rewards are likewise better than they would usually be. You can gain three Quasi Bronze treasures."

Leonel took a deep breath. To go from a potential reward of true Bronze treasures to Quasi ones didn't feel great, but he could only accept it.

Plus, Bronze treasures were considered Fifth Dimensional treasures. There was no shame in not having them. In fact, there were many in Fourth Dimensional worlds that couldn't even own a Tier 7 Black treasure, let alone a Quasi Bronze one.

It was only a matter of perspective.

Not only were there many worlds who couldn't even gain this level of support from higher Dimensional worlds, even in those that did… how many could clear Zones as difficult as the ones Leonel had?

In addition, in Fourth Dimensional worlds, they had to deal with Fifth Dimensional Zones. Any Fourth Dimensional rewards they had gained in the past were now family heirlooms only passed on to the most worthy or the most talented.

As for the rewards from Fifth Dimensional Zones, how could they be so easily grasped? How many could even try to take on such a Zone? Let alone claim the rewards from them?

Leonel wasn't aware of such things, but he still easily accepted the reality before him. There'd come a day where these lofty beings wouldn't be able to look down on him any longer.

The first light of ambition lit within Leonel's heart. Maybe even he, himself, hadn't realized it quite yet, but all of his experiences to this point had been slowly building to this point.. From a boy without aim or goals, he was slowly forming his own path.