Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'Four Tier 9 Black treasures and three Quasi Bronze treasures…'

Leonel already knew what he would use his first Tier 9 Black treasure on, he didn't even need to think about it. So, he could be considered to have six choices to make.

'Should I choose treasures that will make my Tenth Node easier to form?'

Leonel felt that he was at a point now where he could finally attempt to follow through on his crazy idea. He remembered that there was a point in time he thought that he would need to form his Tenth Node before he could battle Lamorak. But now he realized that he had severely underestimated himself so he was quite curious about just how powerful he would become.

'I'm not lacking in Force, I still have the stalactite drippings from the hive, Force is probably what I lack the least of…'

Leonel still had many treasures he had gained from the hive that he had yet to use. For example his 'Mellow Dew Stalactites'. They formed a drop of dew that contained an incredibly high density of Force every so often, they were perfect for a final push of Force when needed.

"Uncle Montez, if I want the rest of [Dimensional Cleanse], what do I have to do?"

Montez's gaze flashed for a moment. When he scanned Leonel up and down, he was shocked again.

"You already formed the Two Star Constitution?"

Leonel didn't really know how to respond to this. The creator of [Dimensional Cleanse] had always said that it would be difficult, but Leonel never struggled with it so he never thought it was a big deal at all.

"Is that very difficult?" Leonel asked. "I think the creator was exaggerating, my Stars always formed right after reaching the Node requirement. I don't feel a bottleneck for forming the Third Star either."

Montez gave Leonel a weird look, but in the end, he kept his words to himself.

Leonel apparently had no idea that often times, one would wait to complete the foundation of [Dimensional Cleanse] entirely before forming one's Stars. Montez had never heard of it being so easy for someone that their Stars formed automatically.

In addition, those who practiced [Dimensional Cleanse] weren't normally people of Leonel's level… And by level, that would refer to how low his world was on the Dimensional rankings.

Montez sighed and shook his head. "It's impossible for you to trade for later portions of? [Dimensional Cleanse] with your current rewards. The next part is worth at least a Tier 9 Bronze reward. Of course, if you change your mind and hand in the evidence…"

Leonel's expression darkened, but his silence made his stance clear. He had no intention of doing this.

"Then what about information for where to find the later portions?"

Leonel still remembered the introduction Montez had given him even though it felt like a lifetime ago. Aside from treasures, it was possible to buy information as well. It was just that Leonel never thought he would waste one of his rightfully earned treasures on such a thing. But, he was also aware of just how important [Dimensional Cleanse] was to him.

It seemed that even though Montez could bend the rules slightly, he couldn't break them. So, this was the only choice Leonel had left.

Montez's smile deepened at these words.

"It will cost one of your Quasi Bronze treasures."

Leonel nearly stumbled.

Information was this expensive? Who the hell was playing a joke on him right now because it wasn't very funny.

Leonel clenched his jaw. He would definitely remember this moment.

"Alright, I'll trade."

When Leonel spoke, the magic counter reappeared once again. When it stopped flashing, all that was left was a singular piece of beautifully polished metal. It was incredibly flat and had an almost oval shape.

Leonel almost immediately recognized the metal. There were many ways of storing information in the universe, the crystals of Camelot were one way and this metal represented another.

Compared to the crystal of Camelot, 'Memory Ore' could store millions if not trillions of times more information. Memory Ore was able to store and memorize fluctuations of Force and inscribe it onto its chemical structure.

The issue with Memory Ore, though, was that it was incredibly difficult to use. And, although somewhat less so, it was also incredibly difficult to read. Only those with high control of their Soul Force could cause the subtle changes needed to jot down information. And, likewise, only those with exceptional sensitivity in the Soul Force could detect these changes.

As such, Memory Ore wasn't only useful for holding information, but it was a symbol of skill and status. On top of this, it had the greatest ratio of surface area to memory capacity in the whole of the universe.

The moment Leonel saw this Ore, he realized that Uncle Montez was helping him out again. There were many things Leonel was ignorant of, but metals and ores were one thing he was most definitely not.

Memory Ore alone, disregarding the information within it, was considered a Seventh Dimensional item. Leonel shouldn't even be allowed to come into contact with such a thing, let alone exchanging a mere Quasi Bronze treasure for it.

Leonel took a deep breath and gave Montez a look, but the latter stared back as though nothing was wrong.

"What, you don't want the information anymore? Regretting it?"

Leonel almost couldn't refrain from rolling his eyes. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

With his current level of skill, it was impossible for him to read the information on this Memory Ore. However, even if it would take him a hundred years to do so, it would be worth it. Who could just casually trade for a Seventh Dimensional item?

"I'll take it." Leonel said solemnly.

'And I'll remember this.'

He spoke these words within his heart. There was no need to say them out loud.

He didn't know why Montez had helped him out so much since he had come to know him, but by this point, Leonel didn't care.. There would come a day where he would repay the favor.