Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel carefully put this Memory Ore away. He didn't know what information it held and he didn't even attempt to read it. If he was too careless, he might disrupt the chemical structure of the ore and destroy the information on it. So, he didn't dare to.

Of course, this was just Leonel being overly cautious. His current strength couldn't even elicit a reaction from the ore, let alone destroy the information on it. But, regardless, he wouldn't be able to read it now. And, since Uncle Montez wasn't helping him to read it, it was clear that he was unworthy of knowing this information just yet.

The bad news was that this meant that Leonel couldn't progress far into the Fourth Dimension for a long while, at least until he could read the contents of this Ore.

However, there was still good news. After all, Leonel now had a path to finding the rest of [Dimensional Cleanse]. And, he had a good feeling that whatever it is he found would be better than what the Tier 9 Bronze reward would have given him.

In addition, though Leonel couldn't strengthen himself the conventional way, there were still many other ways for him to do so.

For one, there was his ability. Secondly, there was the Four Seasons Realm. And, thirdly, there was still his Soul Force which had vast rooms for improvement.

Thinking to this point, Leonel suddenly felt he had a direction to move in.

Thanks to Camelot fusing with Earth's Fold of Reality, he still had his bow and even his quiver. By Leonel's estimation, his bow was a Quasi Bronze treasure as well that he had yet to get the full potential out of, so there was no need to change it. After all, he still couldn't even pull the string to a full moon.

As for the quiver, though it was still Silver and the equivalent of a Tier 6 or 7 treasure, it was serviceable and Leonel didn't feel a need to waste one of his picks on it.

After that, one might think Leonel would choose a defensive treasure. But, Leonel didn't feel like this was necessary. Not only would he soon have the skill he needed to reward his Quasi Bronze chain necklace, thanks to his absorption of Urbe Ore, his body was already about to break past the Standard Stage. Defense was the least of his worries.

"Uncle Montez, I'd like a movement technique of the Quasi Bronze level, preferably something that matches well with my Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor."

Montez's gaze flashed once again. 'So he's awakened this as well already?'

Leonel had decided long ago to go with this route. After he saw the strength of movement techniques thanks to Merlin's trials, he knew he needed something like this very soon.

Montez clapped his hands and the counter began to flash. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The Light Element was rare to begin with. In addition, the Snowy Star Owl was well known for its speed. In fact, the Speed Branch was the only branch awakening Leonel hadn't completed till now.

This was all to say that the number of techniques that met Leonel's requirements were pitifully few, even fewer than the number of techniques he had to pick from when he chose [Dimensional Cleanse].

Still, much like when he chose [Dimensional Cleanse], Leonel felt one calling out to him the moment he laid eyes on it. He didn't even feel the need to look at the others.

[Gold Feather Step].

Even without opening the cover, Leonel knew that this was the one. He could faintly feel that it was separated into three different kinds of steps. One projected into his mind like a bird soaring through the skies, the second was like a bird diving with its wings pinned back, and the last was a majestic bird fluttering its wings, vanishing and then reappearing from sight.

"This is the one."

Like this, Leonel chose his second Quasi Bronze treasure.

"Say… Uncle Montez." Leonel's gaze became absentminded for a moment as he held onto [Gold Feather Step]. He felt as though his mind had been taken into an all new world. "Do you think it's possible to reach the Four Seasons Realm in movement?"

Montez's aura abruptly changed, his gaze becoming sharp as though he wanted to look into Leonel's soul. However, after a while, he saw that Leonel was still in a daze as though he wasn't thinking about what he was saying at all.

'What a little monster… I wonder if he can do it…'

If others heard Montez's thoughts, they would think if he was wondering about whether Leonel could succeed in the task he just asked about. Only Uncle Montez himself knew that he was referring to something much grander… Whatever that something grander was, it was related to the question Leonel had just asked.

A long while later, Leonel finally shook awake and carefully placed [Gold Feather Step] away.

"For my last Quasi Bronze treasure, I need a better Force Art Quill. I'm beginning to get a bit limited by my current one."

"Hoho." Montez chuckled and clapped his hands once again.

For Leonel to make such a choice, it was clear that his Force Crafting was coming along quite well.

Eventually, Leonel picked out a black quill with sharp silver trimmings. Leonel's last quill came with a wind Force Art that aided in swiftness, but Leonel found it to be a bit gimmicky. This one came with a metallic affinity that added sharpness. Like this, Leonel could use less Force to inscribe on tougher metals. This would help with his accuracy and precision in the long run, not to mention his stamina.

With this quill, Leonel might very well be able to pump out Tier 9 Black treasures of his own with consistency from now on.

At this point, Leonel had four more treasures to pick. Since one was left for his ticket to Terrain, he had just three.

Leonel realized that with his skill in Force Crafting, using these rewards on treasures would be a waste. What he needed were things he couldn't build or make himself now or in the immediate future.

After some thought, he decided to ask a question.

"Uncle Montez, I have a beast partner with a Dark Elemental affinity. But, right now, the little guy is just an infant and is probably at the best time to help set his future path. He also has a lot of talent, his ability is already within the Bronze Grade despite still being a Third Dimensional creature. Do you have anything that can help him mature along the right path?"

Montez blinked.? It seemed like this kid was set on giving him more and more surprises every time they met.

A Third Dimensional creature with a Fifth Dimensional ability most definitely had an exaggerated growth path ahead of it. If treated properly, this little beast could be a lifelong partner.

In addition, since the little mink was born on Earth it had a chance to…

Montez smiled and clapped his hands once more.