Abilities were an incredibly important part of a person's potential. Even among those of the highest echelon, entities that existed within the Sixth of Seventh Dimension, often, their most powerful tool were their abilities.

Abilities could transcend strength. An existence like the little mink who had a Fifth Dimensional ability could display combat prowess far beyond the realms of reason. In addition, the little guy also avoided the suppression one would experience upon entering higher Dimensional worlds.

However, at the same time, subduing such a partner was incredibly difficult. The fact Leonel had would of course surprise Montez because the latter knew that Leonel didn't have a beast taming ability.

"Bring the little one out."

Leonel nodded and brought Little Blackstar out.

The little guy was still in the midst of his dreamland. Rolling over in Leonel's hands, the little mink stuck his little tongue out in a yawn before burying its little head in Leonel's chest.

Montez's gaze landed on Little Blackstar, observing intently for a while.

"The little one is indeed an infant. I'd say at most a few months old, maybe only half a year at most."

Within a Zone, aging continued as per one's original timeline. But, even if this wasn't the case, the little mink had spent most of the time within Suspended Animation which stopped all biological functions to begin with except for certain exceptions like healing in some cases. Of course, that was only if Leonel allowed it.

The fact the little mink was so young made something else make much more sense.

The Project Hunt Island should have been properly vetted to maintain a certain level of difficulty. But, Leonel was certain that there was no way anyone other than himself could have dealt with this little mink.

The fact the little mink was only born recently somewhat took the Slayer Legion off the hook for such a mistake, albeit just a small bit.

"So it's a Shadow Sovereign, huh…?" Montez mumbled beneath his breath.

"Shadow Sovereign?" Leonel asked.

"Shadow Magic is an uncommon branch to run across though it exists. Those who learn it through unconventional means can be considered minor disciples of the practice. Those who inherit it through their Lineage Factor are a step above in this regard and can be considered primary disciples. But, those who awaken it through their abilities are considered of to be of the highest regard and can become Shadow Sovereigns.

"Of course, that depends on the evolution potential of said ability. There are often times when a Lineage Factor can surpass an ability."

Leonel's eyes lit up with understanding. It seems that he had underestimated just how important abilities were even now.

From Uncle Montez's words, it seemed that abilities even superseded Lineage Factors. Though this wasn't always the case, it seemed to be enough of a precedent to allow Uncle Montez to say those words with confidence.

"If you want to lay a path for the little one, the best choice is to allow it to allow its ability to resonate and synergize with a Lineage Factor. So…"

At that moment, the shifting of the counter had come to a stop and several vials of blood appeared.

"Each of these vials of blood will develop the little one down a different path. However, along with these vials, you also need to trade for the method of implementing them. All in all, any choice you make will be worth two Tier 9 Black treasures."

Leonel nodded in understanding. He didn't know anything about using blood to enhance one's ability, but from what he understood about the human body, just drinking it obviously wouldn't help integrate the blood properly.

Of course, Leonel had no idea that the woman he was always thinking of had done exactly that. But, Aina was a bit of a special case.

"Shadow Magic has many potential branches and a wide ranging scope." Montez pointed to the first of five vials. "This comes from an infant Dark Mimicry Bat. Upon maturation it becomes a Fifth Dimensional beast. In fact, this is the same for all the others as well.

"Its blood helps enhance the Mimicry Branch of Shadow Lineage Factors. Everyone's shadow is as unique as one's soul. The Mimicry Branch can analyze that uniqueness, snatch it, and make it its own."

Leonel's eyes suddenly widened. "So that's what that was!"

"Hm?" Montez sent a questioning look toward Leonel.

Leonel recollected himself. "Little Blackstar has a Shadow World within his body. Due to a skill I gained within the Mythological Zone called 'Perfect Union', I can see into it a small bit. But, maybe because the skill is pretty low level, I can only get a vague understanding of it.

"But, I once saw a life that I was sure wasn't Little Blackstar's within it. I was wracking my brain, thinking about what it was. But now I feel like it must have been a form of mimicry that Blackstar hasn't quite learned to use yet."

Though 'Perfect Union' sounded, well… perfect, it had ultimately been just a Silver Skill from Merlin's Trials. How could it be as flawless as described?

The life that Leonel saw within Blackstar's Shadow World had baffled Leonel for a long time. But, within the Trials, he had chosen to ignore it and focus on what he did understand. After all, he was fighting for his life, he didn't have the luxury to slowly figure things out.

And, now that Leonel thought about it, that lifeform reminded him a lot of…

Leonel's eyes glowed. Within the Force Core Mine, Little Blackstar had fought Simeon's numbered warriors and killed one of them with a sharp Force ability. Leonel hadn't been able to pinpoint what was so familiar about that life until Montez spoke just now.

That much meant that Little Blackstar could elicit the ability of that man!

But, how much he could gleam or use and to what level of strength was still questionable.

It was just the first vial of blood, but Leonel was already greatly intrigued.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎