Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Oh…?"

The more Montez learned about this little mink the more curious he became.

From what he knew, Shadow World was an extremely exclusive and legendary ability of Shadow Magic users. The fact this little mink had it meant that it wasn't limited in the Shadow abilities it could use, whether it was the magic system's offensive, defensive, evasive, or auxiliary abilities, he could learn them all.

"A good chance that this little one could indeed…" Montez mumbled.

"A good chance? For what?"

Montez smiled mysteriously. "Every world has its own Champions. The Champion of the humans is the wielder of the World Spirit. But, when it comes to newly evolved worlds like yours, beasts are at a great disadvantage… Did you think that the universe just favored humanoid creatures? Of course beasts have their own opportunities.

"Whether or not you can find out more will depend on yourself and this little one."

Leonel's gaze sparkled but didn't ask anymore.

"This vial is from the Dark Illusion Mouse. It's a creature especially known for its speed and evasive maneuvers. It has the ability to disappear in the shadows and become incorporeal. This falls within the Movement Branch of Shadow Magic.

"This vial is from the Purple Red-Eyed Spider. It's known for its corrosive energy. This falls within the Attack Branch of Shadow Magic and specifically within the Corrosive Force Sub-Branch.

"This vial is from the Prowling …"

Leonel listened to Montez seriously.

Of the vials, one focused on the Mimicry Branch, one of the Movement Branch, two of the Offensive Branch, and the final was a special case that could fit in the Attack and Defensive Branch. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Leonel had thought he would settle on the Mimicry Branch the moment he heard about it. This was because the little mink seemed to have already awakened a like ability. Plus, the little guy's attack wasn't lacking.

But, after he heard about the final beast, the Undying Abyss Bear, he hesitated.

The Bear had a special evolution of Dark Elemental Force that carried some characteristics of a Blackhole. It allowed attacks to be easily nullified, giving it great defenses. But, it likewise had a devastating attack as a result.

It was a hard decision, but Leonel ultimately decided upon the Mimicry Branch.

His reasoning was simple. Choosing the Undying Abyss Bear blood would be like cornering the little mink's future progress, while the Mimicry Branch was the exact opposite.

If Leonel made the foundation of the little mink's ability mimicry, it would lay a foundation that could deviate with endless possibilities. However, if he chose the blood of the Undying Abyss Bear, it would lock in the little mink's Dark Elemental Force to a certain type unless the blood was purged.

As long as a proper foundation was laid, anything could be chosen in the future. It wouldn't be too late to give the little mink the Blackhole characteristic by then. But for now, Leonel felt it was smarter to both lay a broader foundation while also following up on the evolution path the little mink was already tending toward to begin with.

"I'll choose the Dark Mimicry Bat." Leonel said after a long while.

Montez nodded, exchanging the blood and method of use with Leonel at once. This left Leonel with just one treasure to pick from.

"Remember that you're raising this little one as your own. Since you've picked his path, you have to be careful about what you choose for its next evolution. Also, remember that this blood is only supplementary. Your choices are meant to enhance the ability of your partner, not supersede them.

"If a human were to take this blood, the effects would be minimal at best, not to mention leave behind lingering injuries. Beasts are somewhat better at consuming blood with the appropriate care and techniques, but the prerequisite is that the blood suits them.

"I'm satisfied with your first choice, so don't stray in the future."

Hearing these words, Leonel nodded seriously. This dispelled all thoughts he had of potentially using this blood on himself and also left him at a loss for what to use his final treasure on.

Leonel fell into his thoughts once again.

At first, Leonel didn't know what he wanted. But, after a while, he remembered a certain chariot that once made him grind his teeth in rage. Back then, he had suffered a big loss at the hands of Captain Sela. He swore that when he got the chance, he would definitely get a movement treasure of better quality.

Thinking of the Slayer Legion, Leonel's gaze flashed with a cold light.

After a while, Leonel's cold demeanor faded into a grin.

"Uncle Montez, I need a ride."

**

At that moment, a familiar island was surrounded by a depressing gloom. This island was none other than the very one the Slayer Legion had found the Camelot Zone on. However, compared to the past, it looked much different.

Raging winds and violent storms had taken hold of the island. The thick trees swayed wildly from side to side, their green leaves flying in every which direction. The ground was soaked completely through, turning the endless greenery into a marsh land that was more reminiscent of a rice farm than a forest. Up above, black clouds rolled and rumbled flashing with vicious arcs of lightning.

The shores of the island were a complete mess. The ocean looked like a dense expanse of black, huge waves crashing and rolling onto the sides of the island as though threatening to swallow it whole.

It was on this very island and in these very conditions that a fiery argument was taking place.

"Do you think that I, Hacker Hutch, am a push over?"

Hutch stood with a rusted blade, his seemingly old and frail frame standing tall beneath the rushing winds and heavy rain. Under the dark skies, he seemed like a sheathed blade ready to unleash at any moment.

"Hutch, I suggest you put the blade away."

A man whose momentum seemed no less than Hutch stood opposing him. Monet and Violet Rain had already exited, but judging by the fact no others had come with them, it was clear that everyone else had died.

However, according to these women, Leonel was just fine.

Hutch had stormed to this place the moment he heard about the actions Monet took behind his back that day. But, by then, they had already long since entered the Zone so he could only wait.

Unfortunately, his movements had alerted others. And, this matter only blew up further after it was found out that several promising geniuses and Commanders had died within the Zone, one of which actually personally died at Leonel's hand.

On the sidelines, Badger stood with reddened eyes, the rain soaking him all the way through. When he heard that Mayfly had died, it hit him like a ton of bricks. Any hatred he held for not being allowed to enter the Zone had been transferred toward his hatred for Leonel. He wanted nothing more than to rip him limb from limb.

"Oh? And are you going to take my blade from me, Catris? Come and take it!"

Catris' face darkened. His standing was no less than Hutch's, a retired Supreme. So, why would he fear him?

"I think it's best you think about your next steps carefully." Catris practically growled, his figure seemingly growing by a size beneath his billowing aura. "Others are already dissatisfied with you. Do you think you can just boot an appointed Supreme from their position just because you feel like it? Did you already forget what happened all those years ago?"

Hutch's aura sharpened and he sneered a toothy grin.

"It seems that my machete hasn't tasted blood in so long that some people really think they can talk to me however it is they want. I'll let you choose. Would you rather lose your left or right arm? Or would you prefer to lose a leg?"

Hutch's blood thirsty aura caused those spectating members of the Slayer Legion who had been tasked with protecting the island to feel as though their blood had frozen over.

It was then that the whirring of the Zone suddenly caught everyone's attention.

At that moment, a teenage boy dressed in rags stepped out, his bronze hair becoming practically the only light in this dark atmosphere.

The boy yawned. He seemed to genuinely be tired and couldn't be bothered by what was happening around him.

When he wiped the tears from his eyes enough to clear his vision, he saw that he had been surrounded.

"Oh? Hey, old man."

The boy smiled.

Who else could it be if not Leonel Morales?