Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was speechless. Just how bad was his luck. He hadn't even been on this world for all of five minutes when he suddenly found himself in a heap of trouble once again. The worst part was… he didn't even know what he had done wrong.

At that moment, there were shouts coming at him from all directions, but he couldn't understand anything they were saying. Though it was possible to use the dictionary to translate, that could obviously only be done one at a time, he had no idea what all the fuss was about.

Leonel closed his eyes and shook his head, willing his fatigue away to deal with the current situation.

"Speak one at a time please, I have no idea what you're saying."

Leonel used the dictionary to translate these words, but the shouting didn't seem to stop. In fact, it intensified.

It was obvious that these people knew Leonel was a foreigner and this wasn't even an area where foreigners were rare, yet they kept speaking in their native tongue. It was hard to believe that they weren't doing it all on purpose.

Leonel tried to speak with the lady that received him again, but she continued to avoid eye contact for reasons he was left completely in the dark of. He truly had no idea why he was being treated like this.

By this point, a sizeable crowd had been built. After all, this was a bustling city square to begin with and was most definitely a hotspot for tourists. When they saw such good entertainment before them, how could they not take a pause for a look?

As more and more people gathered, Leonel suddenly noticed a striking difference between himself and them.

Everywhere he looked, no matter where it was, everyone was excellently dressed. Even the most modest amongst these people who kept their jewelry to a minimum and refrained from wearing elaborate dresses carved of expensive furs exuded the air of nobility.

Leonel had always been an observant person. It wasn't a matter of his ability, but rather his social abilities. He realized that in a place like this, considering he was dressed from head to toe in rags… He stuck out like a sore thumb.

'Is it really because of my clothing?'

At this point, the shouting around Leonel seemed to come to a stop which caused Leonel to stop observing his surroundings. A leader of sorts stepped forward and spoke some words.

Leonel sighed a breath of relief. 'Finally, we're getting somewhere.'

Leonel could tell that they had stopped their shouting tactic after realizing he wasn't very moved by it at all. He didn't know why these armored warriors wanted to intimidate him, but he could only slowly realize the truth from here on out.

"State your name, affiliation and purpose."

The dictionary translated for Leonel, finally allowing him to tell just what was going on. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

'I need to learn this language as quickly as possible…'

Leonel didn't feel off put by the question. Even on Earth alone, just traveling from Province to Province elicited questions just like this. It only made sense that it would be asked when it came to travel between worlds.

"My name is Leonel, I come from Earth. I'm only here on vacation."

Leonel felt there was no need to speak about his purpose of finding Aina. Speaking truthfully would only raise more questions.

In addition, he had no idea what Aina's current situation was, but he still hadn't forgotten that eerie feeling from before. If he wasn't just being paranoid and she really was in trouble, then mentioning the fact that he was looking for her would only put them both in danger.

The spectators had much more sophisticated translation treasures than Leonel did. So, they all understood his words practically immediately. But, as a result, they were confused and gave Leonel weird looks.

Earth? They had never heard of it. Though Earth was greatly valued by higher Dimensional worlds, information about it wasn't quite wide spread yet. These people might look rich, but compared to true nobles, they still had a long way to go.

That said, the reason they were giving Leonel weird gazes wasn't because of this. There were too many worlds, how could they know all of them? That was impossible. What they found weird was the fact he said he was here to be a tourist, but if that was the case… why was he dressed like that?

Leonel, however, was thinking about something completely different. He didn't miss the sharpening of the captain's gaze after he spoke of Earth. Just what was going on?

"Come with us for further questioning." The captain said coldly.

Leonel frowned at these words, but the guards seemed to react immediately to his hesitation, placing their hands on their weapons.

'There's something weird about these guards. They don't seem to be dressed like natives of this land…'

Leonel separated out everyone he observed into three categories. There were natives, tourists and these guards. Natives all seemed to wear garbs that crossed flexible armor with robes, giving them a distinctive look. These guards, however, had their own mode of dressing.

Each of them wore fluttering robes but they were split below their waste into four sections. One section to each of the sides of their hips and one to their front and back. This design exposed the metallic sheet armor that covered their legs.

In addition to this, each of them had the same design on their lapels, a golden pin that held an oddly shaped star and cross. It seemed to exude a level of authority that garnered the respect of all those that looked at them.

The more Leonel observed, the more he felt there was something off about this.

He looked back toward the woman who had received him again, not surprised to find her still dodging his gaze. By now, he was certain that these men were called here by her.

What a joke. To think they had just been having a friendly conversation only to find out that she had been stirring up trouble for him.

The young woman shivered. Compared to Leonel's previous inquisitive gaze, she could feel the coldness of this one. Her heart skipped several beats, losing its regularity. The change left her unable to breathe properly.

Leonel looked away. "I will follow you."

He regained his calm, glancing toward the captain with an indifferent expression.

The captain frowned, but ultimately gave the signal to surround Leonel and escort him away.