Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The young woman watched Leonel's back disappear into the distance, her breathing still hitching. It was only after a long while that she gritted her teeth in rage. If it wasn't for the fact she was still in public, she would have likely found anything she could to throw and bash around.

'How dare he! How dare he! How dare he!'

The young lady ground her teeth in silence.

"Rie? What happened? Who was that guy?"

At that moment, a familiar voice to the young lady stepped forward. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The young woman, Rie, looked up to find exactly who she expected to. It was another young woman of similar age and type. They both had decent looks and cute features. It was truly a case of like people attracting one another. From afar, they even looked quite like sisters even though they weren't.

"Syl… Ugh, I thought you said that this job would be easy?"

Syl giggled, rounding Rie's desk and hooking her arm around her friends.

"You've already had this job for years. Now that you've soaked up all the benefits, you want to come back here and blame me?"

It seemed that Syl had quite the standing. If not, how could she have possibly helped Rie gain such a position?

Syl seemed quite amused by her friends complaining and wanted to ask more, but the teleportation pad suddenly lit once again.

Rie hid her dissatisfaction and politely greeted another client. After some pleasantries, she sent this person on their way and sat back down in a huff.

"Now can you tell me what happened?"

Rie pouted. "With your connections, you could easily find out. Why make me talk about something that makes me upset? What kind of friend are you?"

Syl giggled. "Second and third hand information isn't as good as the real thing. Come on, don't hold out on me. Plus, you know that my family doesn't have much jurisdiction over them…"

When she said these words, Syl's playful expression became a tad bit more solemn. But, regardless she still pressed Rie for answers.

Rie sighed and caved in.

"A couple months ago, they briefed all of us attendants on some new information. Apparently they're cracking down on fugitives and escapees. Whenever I see a sign of suspicious activity, I'm supposed to make small talk with the suspect and secretly call for reinforcements. But this bastard actually glared at me like that just because I was doing my job."

Syl's eyes sparkled. "A crackdown? Why? Who are they trying to catch? Who would be bold enough to become a fugitive in the eyes of those people?"

Clearly, to Syl, this wasn't a normal case…

Let's just say that becoming a fugitive of a world or even a network of worlds wasn't as bad as becoming a fugitive in the eyes of these people.

"I don't know anything, I just followed their orders." Rie said with an exasperated sigh.

Syl giggled. "He only glared at you a bit, is there a need to be so angry?"

Rie gave her own glare at these words. "You don't get it. I thought I was going to die. A measely Third Dimensional brat actually pressured me, how embarrassing."

Syl blinked. "He was in the Third Dimension yet you still called them for him?"

Rie froze for a moment. Then, she blushed profusely. It seemed she realized she had done something wrong.

That was right, how could someone in the Third Dimension be who they were looking for? It was no wonder he glared at her.

After a while, Rie regained her bearing and bit her teeth. Even if she made a mistake, there was no need to treat her like that. What a bad guy. What good was being a bit handsome if you were so weak?

"Hmph." Rie finally snorted. "If I see him again, I'll definitely have sister-in-law teach him a lesson."

Syl burst into a fit of giggles.

This 'sister-in-law' Rie was referring to was actually her own sister-in-law. Syl had an elder brother who treated the both of them like his own little sisters. So, despite the fact they weren't blood related, Rie still called her sister-in-law.

Of course, there were deeper matters in relation to this oddity, but they were unimportant at this moment.

"It's really curious, though." Syl said after a moment. "Isn't it supposed to be a struggle for those in the Third Dimension to adjust to a Fourth Dimensional world? Where did he get the strength to glare at you?"

Rie froze again, seemingly stumped once more.

Syl giggled and shook her head. This friend of hers had always been a bit simple. If not for this, she would have helped her get a far more prestigious job than this.

Though this gig paid well and was very stable and safe, it wasn't exactly the most esteemed.

"Young Miss."

Just when Syl wanted to speak with Rie a bit more, a strict voice sounded from her back.

To her back, there was an inconspicuous man with sparse hair. He was well dressed and groomed, while his hands were perpetually clasped behind his back. However, the way his hair fluttered about like the wings of a bird made it difficult for Syl to take him very seriously.

That said, this was only because she knew that this old man would never harm her. For others, if they saw this old man, they would head in the opposite direction 99.99% of the time. The remaining percentage point was an unknown variable. After all, the dead couldn't testify.

"Already?" Syl pouted.

"Yes, this is very important Young Miss. The City Lord isn't willing to compromise on this."

Syl sighed and shook her head. She knew that talking wouldn't do her any good.

"Fine, fine. Let's go. I'll see you later, Rie."

"Okay." Rie waved her friend goodbye.

**

At that moment, Leonel sat in a blank room. This was the best way he could describe it.

The walls were a dull gray. The singular chair he sat on was a dull gray. The singular table before him was a dull gray. It was even difficult to see the outline of the door to this place. It was as though Leonel had been tossed into a cube with no exit.

After a few minutes turned to almost an hour, Leonel felt a keen sense of dejavu. He had a flashback to the time Pope Margrave wasted his time. But, this time, he didn't have the option to leave at all.

Leonel yawned.

Since they wanted to make him wait, that was fine.

Leonel took out a pillow and a blanket, climbed onto the table, and fell into a deep sleep.. Soon, the sound of light snoring filled the small room.