Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel fell into a deep sleep almost immediately. Of course, he was using the meditation rest technique his father had taught him. But, to the outside world, he was out cold without any understanding of what was happening around him.

When Leonel entered this place, he realized many things. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

For one, these people didn't take him very seriously. They didn't restrain him nor did they take his things away. It was very likely they believed he was weak.

Leonel didn't mind allowing this illusion to continue. But, at the same time, he knew that it very well may not be an illusion at all.

Leonel had never seen a Fourth Dimensional entity battle. However, according to the information he had, no matter how powerful one was within a lower Dimension, it was impossible to challenge a higher one with very few exceptions. Leonel didn't know how true this was or if the Crystallization of his Force could help bridge this gap, but he didn't feel like finding out by putting his life on the line.

All Leonel knew was that if he didn't rest his mind, he would be at an even greater disadvantage. So, that was exactly what he did. Without a care for anything going on around him, he entered a deep dreamland.

By some stroke of coincidence, or maybe due to the fact Leonel was right about them not taking him seriously, no one was monitoring Leonel.

They likely believed that they could sweat Leonel out just like any other prisoner. If they let him sit alone for a long while, he'd probably spill out everything he knew when he finally saw another person.

Unfortunately, due to their lack of bothering to monitor him, none of them realized that the young man they thought they were pressuring was taking a nice nap.

**

Across the universe it could be said that there were countless centers of power. But, more often than not, these powers would have the shadow of stronger entities to their backs, and those stronger entities would have even stronger backers.

This was simply the way of the world.

On Earth, which county didn't have a city backing it? Which city wasn't backed by a state or province? Which state or province didn't have a country behind it? This was simply how things functioned.

In this new world order where having and not having resources was the difference between life and death, powers who could stand to support others had their hands in as many pots as possible.

When things are put into this perspective, it truly isn't a surprise that Earth was targeted in such a way. Even under the protection and overwatch of so many powerful existences, there were some with enough backing that still dared to make a move.

In such a complicated environment, it was too difficult to hold such powers accountable for their actions. So, they acted with impunity. And, if they failed, so what? Who would call them out for it?

Of course, there were some that tried to call out the wrongs of these powers. But, how long did these foolish individuals survive for?

Once again, it seemed as though someone didn't know their place…

…

"Aliard has died."

The room wasn't dark and sinister as one might expect. In fact, it was well lit and lavishly furnished. And, as though to prove that these entities truly had nothing to hide or didn't deem it necessary to hide anything, this meeting took place within the private room of a bustling high-class restaurant.

"Oh? That's unfortunate. I assume everything was handled appropriately?"

Silence fell over the room. This lack of response seemed to catch everyone's attention. Their careless demeanors paused for a moment in place of several sneers.

"So it seems someone else doesn't know their place? Just deal with them as usual."

Everyone around the table seemed to agree with this. It seemed that there was no need for further discussion.

"Leave it to the head of that Quadrant."

"Agreed."

The conversation started and ended just as quickly. To these men and women, what was a small fry from a Pseudo Fourth Dimensional world even worth? The fact they wasted a few seconds of their day on such an ant was already too much respect in their eyes.

**

The decision of these entities quickly moved down the ranks, jumping through several chains of command before finally making it the ears it needed to make it to.

The man was tall and lanky, carrying a pale complexion that made it seem as though he was either a foot into the grave or one step out of it.

"Commander Scithe."

An attendant respectfully knelt before the man, yet he didn't even turn back.

He stood looking out a wide, curved window. Stars and asteroids shot across his vision as planets and moon shone beautifully in the distance. It was the kind of scene only a handful of people from Earth had seen personally. Yet, in this new world order, anyone with a little bit power could lay eyes on such a scene.

Despite the lack of an answer, the attendant didn't dare to make another sound, continuing to kneel in silence.

Eventually, he spoke.

"Leave the information here. You can go."

The voice sounded just as dead as the man's sunken expression. Who knew if it was because it had been too long since his last meal or if this man was really dead, but his skin was pressed so flush against his cheeks that it seemed the bone might tear through it at any moment.

Scithe picked up the files as the door to his office was closed.

When he finished reading them, a flicker of disdain couldn't help but flash within his eyes.

Leonel Morales? They wanted him to personally take care of a brat? Was this supposed to be a joke?

Scithe shook his head and pressed a button.

"Find out for me where this Leonel Morales is. It's too painful to descend to the Pseudo Fourth Dimension, I expect no mistakes or else I'll have your head."

"Yessir!" A voice came from the other side.

Scithe walked back to enjoying his view, the clanking of his armor being audible with his every step.

If Leonel had been there, he would have noticed an eerily familiar uniform.

Robes that split into four pieces at the waist.. Legs covered in sheet armor beneath them. A pin that looked like the cross between a star and cross on the lapel…