Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel sunk deep into the ground and summoned the Segmented Cube.

Truth be told, he didn't feel 100% safe in this region. There was no telling what kind of powerful beasts could burrow through the ground. In addition, as things stood now, he was still being tracked. There was also no telling what those people would do with that information.

Leonel shook his head and entered the Abode Setting. He had no idea how he could possibly get so unlucky to land himself in this situation. But here he was, he could only make the most of it.

'Could it be that something like this happened to Aina too?'

Leonel's heart suddenly clenched. He remembered that when he sent Aina here, they had quite literally just survived a bombing. It could even be argued that her state was worse than his current own. On top of that, she was severely injured and a beautiful woman alone in this world. There was no telling what could happen.

Leonel thought back to that bad feeling he had had and clenched his teeth.

A murderous aura seemed to still the air around him. Leonel hardly noticed it, nor did he realize when he could suddenly exude such bloodthirst. But, all he knew was that if they dared to touch one hair on her head… He wouldn't care about what consequences going against them could bring.

Leonel stripped himself of his clothes and began to slowly wash himself.

It was hard to tell if he was being deliberate or not, but his movements were paced and methodical as though each and every one of his actions had the utmost importance.

After a long while, he was cleaned and refreshed. Then, he took entered his room and sank into his bed, falling asleep once again.

**

Leonel awoke feeling better than he ever had. His body felt like a powerful spring, ready to launch itself into the skies. His injuries were completely healed, even ones hidden well within the depths of his being. And, his mind was clear, even clearer than it had been after his first nap.

With that, he entered the Lab Setting and set his sights on the many blueprints his father had left behind.

Truthfully, these blueprints didn't have some powerful, nation rending treasures depicted on them. Rather, they were mostly written as guiders to Leonel's training. As such, most of them were actually related to aspects of forming Divine Armor as it was an outrageously complicated process.

The general rule of Force Crafters was that treasures with more parts tended to be more complicated. So, one could imagine how difficult forming one's Divine Armor was. Even the simplest designs would have upwards of 40 to 50 parts, something that was far beyond the current Leonel.

That said, Leonel wasn't looking toward these blueprints to start on his Divine Armor. As things stood now, that wasn't a valuable use of his time.

Leonel scanned through and picked out a blueprint before unfurling it on his Crafter's table.

The design that revealed itself was a simple set of clothes that could provide decent defenses. At the very least, they wouldn't break so easily in battle and would also help Leonel stand out less. After all, the sweatpants of Earth looked quite odd in this new world.

One of the most important parts about forming Divine Armor was understanding the human body and how it moved in relation to its parts. Tailoring clothing was one of the first steps that his father had laid out for him.

Leonel memorized the blueprint and imprinted it into his mind using Dream Sculpt. Then, he began to choose materials. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Leonel's snowglobes were filled with Third Dimensional beasts thanks to his time on the Project Hunt Island. Picking out beasts with sturdy hides was just a matter of reaching out a finger and pointing.

Like this, an odd scene of a naked boy tailoring his first set of clothing could be seen.

**

FUU!

Leonel patted down his robes, causing them to slam down against his body in a whipping motion.

They had a heavy, leathery texture to them and were a deep black. They followed a similar design to the clothing of that star and cross organization and split at his waist. But, since Leonel didn't want to get into any unnecessary trouble he only split it down once from just below his belly button. That way, the robes wouldn't obstruct his movements despite their heft.

Compared to the robes, Leonel's pants were much looser and freer. They were made of an exceptionally light material and fluttered with the slightest movement. If one looked closely, it was clear that it wasn't the material that was light as much as the Force Arts Leonel wove into it made it so.

'Good enough.' Leonel nodded to himself, slicking his hair back.

His long hair was really getting to be a problem, but cutting it was even more difficult. In fact, as he progressed through strengthening his body, it only got tougher and tougher. Leonel no longer had the means to cut his hair even if he wanted to as it seemed to be even more powerful than his body.

Toward this issue, he could only shake his head and let his bronzed hair sway toward the small of his back. He could only hope he didn't become a male Rapunzel in the future.

Leonel took off his robes, leaving him shirtless. Now that he had some real work to do, there was no need to leave such heavy protection on.

Little Tolly shot up excitedly, bouncing across the table like a little silver basketball.

Leonel smiled. Ever since Blackstar went into a deep sleep, this little one had been feeling lonely. Even though the two were always at each other's throats, Leonel could tell that they were a bit fond of one another.

The main reason Leonel left his Zone later than Monet and Violet Rain was because he had used his remaining time with Uncle Montez to infuse the mimicry blood into Little Blackstar. That way, he could assure that absolutely nothing went wrong.

So, right now, Little Blackstar was assimilating with the blood. But, by the time Leonel finished, the little guy should be up and raring to go.

Leonel took a deep breath and began to meditate. He was very close to reaching perfection in his Crystallization.. Once he did, it would be time.