Syl was a bit off put by Leonel's reaction. What young man wouldn't want to have a talk with a beauty like her? What was his issue?

However, with her noble upbringing, it was impossible for such thoughts to cross her face. In fact, they were just fleeting thoughts of hers she didn't spend much time on to begin with.

"Did you not hear her?"

Just when Leonel was thinking of what he should be doing, a young man riding one of those odd war steeds glared toward Leonel. It was clear that he was very much unsatisfied with Leonel's attitude.

'What the hell is wrong with these people?' Leonel almost couldn't refrain from rolling his eyes.

It was as though everyone who he met made it their duty to piss him off.

"If you want to speak with me, there's nothing wrong with the current arrangement. I would hate to get attacked again just for breathing the same air as you." Leonel said indifferently.

Syl was even more stunned by these words, while? Zimo's expression darkened. As for the young man who spoke out, his hands slid to the sword by his side. It seemed that he too was losing his patience.

No one seemed to realize that Leonel's words were correct, even if they were somewhat rude.

He had just been dragged up from deep within the earth just because he happened to be along their way. Who knew what would happen if he actually accepted this advice? He didn't have a death wish.

The only reason Leonel set himself up so close to the road to begin with was because beasts tended to avoid the human population so they would be less likely to be near where humans frequented. But, he didn't expect this logical choice to land him in trouble.

Rie stomped her feet. "He's so rude, Syl. Just get Uncle Zimo to beat him up so we can leave."

Leonel's gaze swept over Rie once more, causing the rest of her words to get caught in her throat. Whatever she meant to say came out in a whimper, dying in her chest.

Syl comforted Rie for a moment before peeking back through the window of the carriage.

She observed Leonel for a long while. She couldn't help but be curious, plus, she felt a bit guilty. She had happened to overhear some of the things Leonel had suffered through in the city thanks to the actions of her friend. The fact he was hostile wasn't too much of a surprise. It could even be said it was partly her fault for giving Rie an inside path toward a job she wasn't qualified for.

"I…" Syl hesitated. "… I'm in need of a guard. The pay is quite good, if you're interested."

Zimo's expression changed. Guard? What better guard was there than him? Even if he failed, there were still 50 others. And, even if those 50 failed, there were still the hand selected youths for this important event. And, even if by some act of a god all of this failed, there were still the life saving measures she had as the young miss of a preeminent family.

What need did she have for a Third Dimensional guard?

The young man riding the war horse by Syl's carriage carried the worst expression. How did asking for a new guard reflect on himself?

But, Leonel's words made it all worse.

"I have no interest in being a bodyguard. I only want to leave this place without being targeted." Leonel said plainly.

Though he was in need of an organization to gain information from, Leonel had no interest in this nonsense. He had to figure out a way to find Aina or at least get her to find him and joining a group with so much clear hostility toward him was the last thing he wanted to do.

Syl was once again stumped. She tried to be nice, but if Leonel didn't want it, there was no way for her to force him to accept her kindness.

Of course, if Leonel knew her thoughts, he would think she thought too much of herself. It was an act of kindness for him to act as her guard? Compared to those here, even if his physical strength couldn't match up, his Internal Sight was most definitely unmatched. His ability to keep her safe by avoiding danger alone would be better than everyone here.

Even if it wasn't about his Internal Sight, Leonel was starting to get a better and better understanding of his talent and how it matched up to others the longer he spent in this new world order. Maybe in a time as short as a month, Syl wouldn't have the face to ask him for such a thing.

After a moment of being flustered, Syl still didn't know how to respond. It was then that something no one could have expected to happen, happened.

"Zilar, your quota is revoked. Young man, I would like for you to take his place in representing out Keafir family, what do you think?"

The young man riding the odd, scaled war horse froze. All the animosity and hatred he had on his face was suddenly washed away by despair.

The delicate voice sounded from within the carriage. Though Leonel couldn't see who had spoken, he felt as though her words manifested into a painting of her image. It was gorgeous, pure and flawless, riding the cool wind like a fragrant breeze.

Leonel didn't know why, but he was compelled to say yes almost immediately.

However, everyone else was shocked beyond belief. Let alone Zilar, even Syl who had wanted to take Leonel as a body guard and Zimo who had wanted to kill Leonel just moment ago stood frozen.

Leonel might not have known who had just spoken, but they knew well who it was.

She was none other than the future Matriarch of the family, the woman both Rie and Syl called sister-in-law and the wife of Syl's only elder brother – Mistress Heira.

Compared to Syl, the word of this woman was practically law. Since she had spoken, things were practically final. It was to the point where even if Leonel wanted to run, Zimo wouldn't allow him to. In fact, it was to the point that any hostility Zimo had toward Leonel could only be buried deep within his heart. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Realizing the sudden change in the atmosphere, Leonel seemed to understand that turning this 'offer' down wasn't an option.

But, what was this quota this woman spoke of? What mess had he been thrust into this time?