Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"That's the Kaefir family's entourage!"

The outside of the valiant city was bustling. It was not much different from the people of Earth meeting their celebrities.

To the common folk, a family that ruled of a City like Kaefir's was far beyond their reach. To see them in the flesh like this was an opportunity of a lifetime.

These people knew that they would never have the chance to enter Brave City. But they still traveled here from all over just to catch a glimpse of the festivities. The best part was that they could do so safely. No beasts or Invalids would dare to enter even the ten kilometer radius of Brave City. The aura around it was simply too oppressive. Thanks to this, it was often even safer to be here than it would be to stay at their homes…

"The Swan family escort is here!"

The crowd boiled once again. What could excite the people more if not rivalry and competition?

Not only were the Swan and Keafir family's both long standing enemies, but they also both had the strength to stand out amidst the crowd.

Terrain had a system of Cities and Powers. They worked together to balance one another.

While the Cities were ruled by City Lords, the Powers were ruled by Patriarchs and Matriarchs. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Of course, there were divisions amongst Cities and within Powers. But, both Kaefir and Swan City were both the highest Tier 9 Cities. They stood at the helm of the world along with the strongest Powers. If not, they would never have teleportation hubs.

The warriors of the Swan and Kaefir families swept glances over one another, a haughty air exuding from them all. They seemed to toe a line of acknowledgement and indifference.

Both entourages came to a stop about half a kilometer from the looming city gates. Even as members of the escort, they were aware that they wouldn't be allowed to enter the city gates. Only the elites amongst the elite would be allowed to do such a thing.

At that moment, the crowd became entirely focused on the carriages near the middle of the entourage and the small group of elites around it. They all knew that the group of young men and women around the center and the elites within the carriage were the only ones that would be able to take the stage.

At that moment, Zilar's expression was gloomy as could be. He gripped the reins of his war horse so tightly that the imprint seeped into his skin and even became soaked with blood.

Those who had gained a quota along with Zilar looked toward him with pitying gazes and couldn't help but push their hatred for Leonel up another notch.

This adulation should have been Zilar's. Yet, he wouldn't even get to participate? in something he had worked so hard for. How could he also not be enraged? But, in a world where power spoke over all, there was nothing he could do.

Mistress Heira was more powerful than he was, so her word was final. Nothing more, nothing less.

At that moment, the door to the Swan family's carriage opened.

The first to step out was a young woman. Her demeanor and elegance was a step below that of Mistress Heira. However, her looks were not in the least bit inferior.

Her charm lay in her openness. She wore a modest blue dress that matched well with her deep black hair and fair complexion. A perpetual, inviting smile hung from her lips, capturing the hearts of all those who saw her.

The moment this young woman stepped out, eight youths riding war horses of their own stepped down from them, following to her back in an orderly fashion.

"Young Miss Swan…"

The crowd seemed to be breathless for a moment.

Just as the atmosphere was reaching its peak, the Keafir family carriage opened.

Syl descended with a bright smile. She didn't look directly at the crowd, but it still felt as though she had greeted them all one by one. She was nothing like the flustered young lady who didn't know how to respond to Leonel's bluntness and played every bit the part of elegant noble woman.

Her charisma was no less than Young Miss Swan. In fact, since she picked up some tips from her own sister-in-law, her own demeanor was even slightly more refined than the latter.

However, it was at that instant that something no one could have possibly expected to happen occurred.

Another person stepped out from the carriage, but his appearance came with what sounded like the shattering of countless hearts.

The moment the young man appeared, it was as though a spear had suddenly been brandished before the world. A sharpening blade resonated in the ears of all those who saw him, causing the air to grow several times heavier.

The young man's almost golden hair swayed gently beneath his billowing aura, a faint violet hue collecting around him like a cloud. It felt as though his immediate surroundings had become his inescapable domain, a place he controlled all to his own.

For those moments, he overshadowed Syl completely. Thoughts that he wasn't worthy to stand by her side didn't even have a chance to manifest before they were ruthlessly crushed. It was to the point that no one even noticed the black brand between his brows.

At that moment, let alone those watching on, even Syl was stunned. Was this the same young man who had sat quietly within their carriage for so long? The same young man who had entered their city in rags?

The legs of the war horses around Leonel trembled, causing some of the riders to almost fall off completely.

Zimo's eyes narrowed. At that moment, he admonished himself for ever doubting the judgment of the Mistress.

Leonel swept a gaze over the crowd. He knew that in order to catch Aina's attention, he had to stand out as much as possible. He no longer bothered to restrain his aura, nor did he feign his usual modesty. Since he was here, he would make sure his name resounded throughout Terrain.

At that moment, even the elegant Young Miss Swan couldn't help but look toward him with a hint of shock and curiosity in her eyes. Then, she swept a glance toward Syl with a teasing expression.

...

Within the carriage, Heira was holding back a pouting Rie who was clearly dissatisfied by the fact she wasn't allowed to go.

"Sister-in-law I want to go too!"

Heira shook her head. "You can enter the spectator stands with me later. You won't be able to enter the gates the normal way regardless."

Though Heira spoke these words to appease Rie, it was clear that she was absentminded.

Her gaze glistened as she watched Leonel's back through the curtains of the carriage. She felt that this was the true Leonel… But if that was the case, he'd be even more difficult to control than she thought.

Still, he was a bit too na?ve. Regardless of what reasons he had for showing off his sharpness now, he was already being slowly ensnared by her.

Looking toward her little sister-in-law's blushing face as she gazed toward Leonel who had suddenly appeared to her side, Heira's slight smile appeared once again.