Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Syl panicked. The first reason was Leonel's crazy challenge and the second reason was the little mink.

Leonel was still in the Third Dimension while Jefrach had long since entered the Fourth. On top of that, there was no way the little mink could withstand the pressure of Brave City.

She had been so distracted before that she hadn't remembered the little beast until Jefrach mentioned it. Now that she had, she couldn't help but close her eyes, not wanting to watch such an innocent little beast die like this.

However, even with her eyes closed and several seconds ticking by, the sounds she expected to hear never reached her ears.

Everyone watched in shock as Leonel took one step after another. It seemed as though the pressure couldn't do much more to him than kick up a strong wind.

As for the little mink, it growled a bit. But, afterward, its body exuded a slight black fog. Soon, it was sleeping again as though nothing had happened.

At that moment, Leonel turned back toward their group.

"Aren't you all coming?" Leonel asked.

With that, Leonel continued forward. In his sights, the looming walls bore down on him as though trying to crush his will.

Syl grit her teeth and took a step forward as well. The instant she did, she felt her knees buckle for a moment before they straightened.

As though her actions were a cue, the youths began to move as one, their actions the subject of great entertainment for the surrounding crowd that didn't dare to follow.

Jefrach, too, took a heavy step forward, plowing through the pressure until he matched up to Leonel's speed. His gaze didn't leave Leonel's side profile as though he was waiting for the latter to collapse.

Since he had accepted the bet, he wouldn't attack Leonel now. However, the moment Leonel showed any signs of collapsing, he would strike him dead. No one, not even his own brothers, would dare to talk to him in the way Leonel had. And, this arrogant prick actually dared to report his name right after his?

He really wanted to see how far a Third Dimensional ant could go.

At that moment, across the Eight Gates of Brave City, similar competitions were happening all over. The fervor of the crowds in these locations were no less. However, the location of the Swan, Keafir and Black families was still among the most heated. How could it not be if a bet to the death was taking place?

However, the quick conclusion many were expecting never came.

Leonel's steps remained steady. In fact, it seemed as though he had forgotten all about the world around him. He continued to stare intently at the Gates before him, the images of battle being firmly ingrained into his mind.

He lost himself in his focus, causing a familiar aura to billow out from around him. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Jefrach felt his heart seize when he felt it.

To a genius like him, making it to the Gates was an easy task. He was leisurely strolling just like Leonel was. They both knew that the true distinguishing factors would only make themselves known at the Gates themselves.

However, feeling such an aura, Jefrach steps faltered. He even felt that the pressure coming from Leonel was a step more forceful than even the Brave City Gates.

Soon, the group separated.

In the very front, there was Leonel and Jefrach. A step behind them were Young Miss Swan and Syl. And, much further behind them were the petite young woman and the other lackies of the City Lord powers.

"Who is he?" Young Miss Swan looked toward Syl with curious, blinking eyes.

A delicate sweat covered her elegant brow. But, rather than destroying her demeanor, it made her look more pitiable. She played the role of vulnerable princess in need of saving exceptionally well.

It was clear that the two women could be walking side by side with Leonel and Jefrach should they want to. However, there was no need to enter a big dick contest between men. Whether they reached the Gates first or last, it wouldn't make much of a difference as long as they did so within the allotted time.

Realizing this, why would Young Miss Swan not take the opportunity to learn a bit more about this mysterious Leonel character.

Syl blinked innocently, a beautiful smile crossing her soft pink lips.

"None of your business."

The two women walked side by side, smiling amicably. Yet, the atmosphere was deathly cold. Maybe this was the hypocrisy of women. They too were having their own big dick contest, it was just more covert.

At that moment, Jefrach was still observing Leonel. Maybe due to the influence of the Brave City Gates, but he was the only one who could sense this oppressive aura coming from Leonel. He seemed to realize this as well judging by the reactions of everyone else, so he bit down hard on his tongue so as not to lose face.

However, Leonel couldn't be bothered to deal with him. A huge chunk of Urbe Ore suddenly appeared in his hand.

'This pressure… makes it easier to absorb the Urbe Essence…'

Thanks to his breakthrough, Leonel was already within the Superior Stage. At this level, his body was already comparable to a weak Pseudo Fourth Dimension metal and he was only a stage away from Perfection.

Disregard…

Leonel had already gotten his use out of Jefrach. What happened from here on out between them didn't matter to him as long as he beat him.

Jefrach seemed to sense this as well and it lit a fire in his chest. However, no amount of his anger seemed to change a single thing.

For entities as strong as them, it should have only taken less than a minute to cross 500 meters. Yet, under the pressure, it took them a half hour.

When the Gates became clear, everyone seemed to understand that this was where the true trial began.

The doors loomed to an impossibly tall height. Standing beneath them, Leonel could only lift his head vertically. And even then, it was hard to see the tops of the walls.

However, it was these very doors they needed to push to enter…