Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

BANG! BANG!

The Gates flew open. In those moments, it felt as though a tornado had formed around Leonel.

On one side, wind rushed in violently, blowing everything away. On the other, an undefeatable suction surged, sweeping up everything in a rush of quicksand-like wind.

However, nothing was as deafening as the sound of the Gates smashing against the hallowed walls of Brave City. The reverberation was so resounding, so cacophonic, so tempestuous that the whole city quaked.

At that moment, no matter what section of the city you were in, everyone looked toward the same direction, shock coloring their features.

This commotion? What could it possibly be?

Those that could see what was happening were shocked to the point of speechlessness. The crowd that had been spectating from half a kilometer away only saw Leonel place a single palm forward before doors that towered into the skies nearly flew off their hinges beneath his presence. In fact, the ground beneath their feet quaked endlessly, causing some weaker individuals to fall to their buts, unable to understand what they had just seen.

Just what level of strength was this?

Of course, these people had no idea that opening the doors wasn't a contest of strength, it was a contest of will and battle aura. However, to Leonel, who had already fully awakened the first level of his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor… It was nothing but a joke. In fact, Leonel even felt it was too easy.

'Soldier, General, Royal, King and Emperor?' Leonel thought to himself, looking into the massive window toward the city he had created himself. 'Something seems to be missing…'

Leonel took a step forward, crossing the threshold.

A wash of energy flooded toward him, coalescing into a golden brand between his brows.

Compared to the Runes that shone across his body, it was lacking in momentum and radiance. However, to those of Brave City, this golden mark was the highest entry honor of the city… the Emperor Class!

Leonel had no idea the level of commotion his actions would cause.

**

Brave City was separated into tiers. Much like some parts of society, there were locations one could not enter without the appropriate credentials or standing. Within the City, these separating lines were even more exaggerated.

The city itself isn't like how one would think it would be. Rather than being a metropolis, Brave City looked more like a war camp.

There were no paved roads. Just like the outside of the city walls, the ground was covered in nothing but a brownish soil that looked like the land of a military practice ground.

In every which direction, one could find monuments of stone called the Bravery Pillars. They depicted the exploits of soldiers and generals of the past and were among the most important staples of Brave City.

Rather than buildings, much of Brave City was an arrangement of tents, especially the outer city limits. Only Royals were allowed to live in small hut-like structures while only Emperors had stone housing for themselves.

However, despite this seemingly organized structure, there was nothing peaceful about this city.

Battles of all sorts seemed to take place every moment. Whether it was a battle for resources, for the monuments or even for housing, it seemed as though one would take place all the time.

Outside of the seemingly territorial housing system, there didn't seem to be a single ounce of order throughout the whole city… Except for in just one place.

A singular tower stood in the very middle of the city. Aside from the walls of the city itself, it was the only structure that stood above two or three stories tall. In fact, it shot hundreds of meters into the air much like the war etched walls on the outside.

From the top of this tower, one could overlook the whole city and all eight of its Gates. However, to be able to step to this floor, the minimum requirement was to be a King. For someone of such standing, they obviously wouldn't come here to overlook ants they thought to be beneath them.

That said… there were exceptions to every rule.

Just how much commotion would the swinging of doors hundreds of meters high cause? Just how much worse would this commotion be if the action was so violent that the doors hardly stopped even after slamming into the walls that held it up?

Everyone knew that for the whole gate to open, it could only mean that a new Emperor had appeared. However, even past Emperors hadn't caused such a commotion and most people could only hurriedly squeeze through a crack they caused in the Gates. Who had ever heard of someone being given such a wide berth?

At that moment, the usually bustling top tower floor fell into silence. Their eyes all landed on the same young man.

Compared to the size of the doors, he seemed so small, like an ant that could be stamped into a meat paste at any moment.

However, it was as though the doors didn't dare to close as he walked through. They stayed attached to the walls, still reverberating with residue of the previous impact that, even to this moment, resounded in everyone's ears like an endless echo.

Who is that? Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

They were all stunned to find out that none of them recognized the young man. Other than feeling some trembling in their hearts toward the odds Runes drawn across his body, there was nothing else they could glean about him.

It seemed that a variable had appeared.

Within the tower, three familiar faces could be found. Well, they weren't quite familiar to Leonel. However, had Aina been there, there would be no doubt that she would recognize these people at first glance.

Young Heir of Cliff's Edge Terrace, Reynred Solar.

Young Heirress to World's End Falls, Jilniya Falls.

Young Heir to Mirage Pavilion, Wilas Mirage.

These four people had no idea how they were connected, but it didn't seem to matter. Brave City would make them enemies regardless.

At that moment, as though everyone had realized a singular threat before them, several auras locked onto Leonel.