Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

BANG!

A shadowy figure shot through the roof of an inn, causing brick and chips of wood to fly through the air.

The shocked screams of the citizens rocked the small city, but the shadowy figure continued to leap from wall to wall and house to house, eventually landing atop the city walls.

These walls couldn't compare to those of Brave City in the slightest. They were at most ten meters tall and a few meters thick. This place was only considered a Tier 7 City that couldn't compare even to Swan, Black or Keafir City.

However, it was unique in that rather than being under the jurisdiction of a City Lord power, it was beneath the Power of World's End Falls.

When the shadowy figure finally came to a stop, those that could see it shivered.

The figure was completely covered in a black cloak. Its back hunched up in a curved arc, making it difficult to tell just how someone with a body like this could possibly move so agilely.

The figure held a massive great sword in their hands that spanned the length of three meters. Even now, it glistened with the blood of several guards.

At that moment, the city guards charged from all directions wearing white robes alternating in a sky blue soft armor.

"Sword Monstress!"

The cloak covering the face of the Sword Monstress blew off, revealing the figures features. It took but a moment for them all to recognize this scourge of Terrain.

She could only be described as a grotesque woman. She had a hunched back, her hair was unkempt and wild, and her face made the stomachs of all those who saw her crawl.

They had long since lost count of the number of massacres this beast had been the cause of. She had wanted posters almost everywhere, yet she somehow managed to vanish whenever they seemed close to catching her. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The Sword Monstress' gaze looked particularly demonic. As though she had lost all sense of human reason, she all but growled in response.

Without a word, she leapt forward, her monstrous sword being raised in her claw-like hands.

The guard who had spoken found his vision splitting in two. Before he could even react, his consciousness faded, his body falling to the ground in two halves.

The Sword Montress' body flashed, her sword drawing lines of crimson throughout the streets.

Blood flowed to the stone paved ground, seeping through the cracks and dying them red.

Each life she reaped was only met by a violent gaze that only seemed to grow more and more bloodthirsty. It was as though it wasn't enough, as though she wanted more.

At that moment, the Head Guard of the Tier 7 City had finally gotten word of what was happening and began to rush over.

The Sword Monstress, seemingly realizing the incoming danger, suddenly stopped her endless slaughter. She looked toward the distance, two sharp teeth shining through her heaving breath.

Her body blurred, accelerating toward the distance. She leapt over the city wall as though it didn't exist, vanishing toward the wilderness before the Head Guard could long onto her.

By the time the Head Guard appeared amidst the carnage, she had already long since left, leaving him standing there with a chest filled with rage and nothing to vent it on.

"Inform the higher ups that she's escaped the encirclement by unknown means. Her next destination is unknown."

The Head Guard clenched his fists. He already knew that his punishment for this wouldn't be small, but it was simply too difficult to lock onto a single target who hadn't been branded.

With everyone headed toward Brave City, the in and outflux of tourists and citizens was too high. This was likely the worst time to be trying to catch a criminal…

**

Leonel walked into the city. He swept his gaze over everything once before heading in deeper.

Heira hadn't told him much about the city and how things worked. All he knew was that entering was a test and the better he performed, the greater benefits there was. Other than this, he also knew that when he chose an abode to stay in, he had to stay in this Eastern Section of the city since he entered through the Eastern Section.

This wasn't to say that it was impossible to travel to other Sections, but rather that it was seen as an act of war that could spark something he currently didn't have the means to deal with.

Leonel, though, had his own reasons for being eager to enter the city. It wasn't just about making his name known so he could find Aina easier, it was also about finding a safe place to breakthrough.

Leonel felt like Brave City was the best place he could ever find to breakthrough with his Soul Force. In fact, Leonel knew that he had no choice but to do this. If he didn't, he would have no way of dealing with the trials to come in the future.

After claiming a home, you could receive a half day's protection. But, after that, Leonel knew that trouble would come knocking at his door.

In truth, even if he broke through, Leonel wasn't quite confident in protecting himself. All of the spells he had, even the most powerful Three Star Magus Arts, were still mere Third Dimensional spells. Leonel didn't know how useful they would be against Fourth Dimensional existences.

Knowing this, rather than going off to quickly find a house to claim, Leonel waited for Syl. He felt that this city would most definitely have opportunities for him to take advantage of. He would take his time to find them before taking advantage of the 12 hour protection he would receive.

This was, of course, the best plan. Leonel's thoughts were meticulous and well thought out. It was just a shame that trouble would find him before he could act on it completely.

Those youths that had just been standing atop the wall recovered from their shock and stabilized their feet, having almost fallen from the wall thanks to Leonel's entry.

After sending a glance toward each other, one after another, they descended the walls. Soon, they stood on level ground along with Leonel as the heavy gates slammed shut.

BANG!