Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel stood at the base of a large stone monument. Just looking at it, it exuded the same type of aura the city gates had. It was just that this aura was displayed on a much smaller scale. Rather than enveloping an area of half a kilometer, this aura acted on just the ten meter radius of the monument. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

However, from what Leonel could tell, this aura was actually several times that of the Gates as though it had been concentrated in place.

Many people who stood around the monument curiously observed the new group of four. When they saw that it was made of three Kings and an Emperor, they grew shocked and began to whisper amongst each other.

In this sort of place, information was the greatest strength. The fact that they didn't know that these people were among the Kings and Emperors meant that they could only be new.

"… Leonel…" Syl said hesitantly. "… We still need to go report to my elder brother."

Leonel frowned. Report?

He felt a strong feeling against doing something like this. There was no telling what kind of personality Syl's elder brother had or how he would react to Leonel's sudden appearance.

"Mhm, later." Leonel nodded noncommittedly.

Syl bit her lip, ignoring Qiyra's amused gaze. 'This damned vixen. Is it necessary to stand so close to him?'

Still, Leonel didn't seem to notice the squabble between these two women, nor did he seem to realize that Syl's invitation was more about getting him away from Young Miss Swan than anything else. But, whether he acknowledged it or not didn't matter much, he already had his own plan in mind.

"Explain these monuments to me one more time, Jerach."

Jerach grumbled. Was he really nothing but a glorified dictionary?

He had no idea that this really was the case. Leonel didn't want to expose the true capabilities of the dictionary so he continued to use it only as a translation tool. He didn't feel like falling out with another organization that lusted after his treasures.

"All these monuments depict moments in history. There's nothing special about them other than the fact cultivation is a bit faster if you can withstand their aura. You can see it for yourself, it's just telling the tale of some dead general."

Leonel nodded.

Maybe it was because this Brave City wasn't native to Terrain, but the words on this monument could be understood by Leonel even without using the dictionary's help.

<Year XXXXX>

<General Feran led his army through the Forgotten Pass…>

<… Gained Victory after 121 days of battle…>

<… Mounted the head of …>

The more Leonel read, the more useless the information seemed to become. It was almost like a newspaper article. All of the most important facts about the topic were found in the header and the first few paragraphs. As it continued, it got useless to the point of even describing what General Feran had for breakfast that morning.

It was no wonder Jerach had said this monument was useless. Leonel had no interest in how many women a general bedded in celebration of his victory.

However, no matter how Leonel looked at it, he didn't think that these monuments were so simple because he felt danger from them. His primitive senses made him feel as though if he played around with these monuments too long he could die.

The weird part about this feeling was that, obviously, no had died at the hands of this monument before. Had someone died, there was no way everyone here would be so casual about it. In fact, the only slight conflict here was in decided who was allowed to enter the ten meter radius of the monument.

Of course, danger didn't necessarily mean that this monument would be avoided. After all, with danger came opportunities. But, Jerach would have definitely mentioned it had such a danger existed.

Leonel suddenly closed his eyes.

A massive spherical Force Art was reflected in his mind. At that moment, his aura completely changed as though he had become one with nature. Even though he was standing right next to Qiyra, Syl and Jerach, it was as though he was in an entirely different world.

When he opened his eyes again and read the first line again, a shocking change occurred.

<General Feran…>

Before Leonel could continue, his vision was enveloped in blackness.

When his vision returned, what he saw was no longer a monument. He saw a man wearing a fiery red armor. He sat upon a tall crimson steed and held a halberd that was just as blood red.

The aura he exuded was so suffocating that Leonel nearly fell to his knees.

At that moment, the man riding the crimson steed stood at the helm of a massive army. He was leading so many men that from afar, they looked like millions of little ants arranged into neat square formations.

Yet, despite the number of men, this man stood valiantly, his presence alone subduing the whole of the army.

The man leveled his halberd with the ground, his chest growing out a size as he took a deep breath.

The moment he released his breath, a mighty roar that shook the skies bore itself into Leonel's heart.

BANG!

Leonel was sent flying. Blood leaked from his nose and ears, his body skidding along the dirt roads.

A violent Force tore through his mind, looking to tear his Ethereal Glabella to shreds. It was as though this Force wanted to erase any memories Leonel might have just gained.

"Leonel!"

Jerach and the two women were shocked, not knowing what happened. They all looked around with frantic gazes as though trying to find who sneak attacked Leonel. That seemed to be the only explanation for what just happened.

Unable to find a thing, they could only rush to his side.

But, Leonel was out cold, blood continuing to flow from his orifices as a violent energy continued to rampage through his mind.