Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Leonel! Leonel!"

No matter how they shouted Leonel's name, it didn't seem to matter in the slightest. The one who attacked him must have wanted him dead, there was no other explanation.

The appearance of a Third Dimensional Emperor was too conspicuous. The number who wanted to take advantage of Leonel's weakness was likely not few. It was simply too easy for those Fourth Dimensional monsters to kill Leonel secretly without any of them being any wiser.

It couldn't be said that these three would live and die with Leonel. How could they? They had only just met.

Jerach was practically Leonel's slave now while the two women only had a small bit of budding feelings. It wasn't to the point of risking their lives.

Yet, all three of them still uncontrollably ran to Leonel's side when they saw his current state. It was clear they all had a good impression of him.

The little mink scrambled from Leonel's head, landing on his face and nudging him continuously.

The energy continued to rampage throughout Leonel's mind. But, it seemed to notice that it couldn't shatter the barriers of Leonel's Ethereal Glabella after a few attempts.

How could it? After awakening his Wisdom Branch, Leonel's mind had already become capable of housing Fifth Dimensional Soul Force. Even though he had yet to come in contact with Fifth Dimensional Force, it didn't change this fact. When comparing the sturdiness of one's Ethereal Glabella, Leonel was unmatched on Terrain and Earth.

Seemingly realizing this, the energy changed its target, aiming for the Embryos that hung vulnerably within the hidden world.

By now, Leonel had already formed many Embryos. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A transparent spear stood for his Spear Embryo. A Twelve Pointed Star silently whirred for his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor. A bronze-violet halo represented his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor…

Among them, the one that took up the most space was a bow. Harsh and violent cold winds surged around it, making it difficult even to approach. It seemed ready to tear anything that did apart.

It was this group that the energy surged toward, ready to tear it apart.

Without hesitation, it targeted Leonel's Twelve Pointed Star first. It could sense that its healing characteristic could become a problem should it be allowed to continue. So, how could it not target it first?

But, it was at the very moment it made contact that things suddenly changed.

A hidden scarlet energy was stirred. It had hidden itself deeply within the Twelve Pointed Star. No, it was more accurate to say that they had completely fused.

The instant the energy came into contact with this scarlet Force, it collapsed. There was no suspense, no hard fought battle, no teetering on the edge of life and death…

Just like that, it was snuffed out.

The moment this energy was destroyed, Leonel's eyes shot open, his heart beating heavily as though trying to escape his chest.

He sat up, catching Little Blackstar before he fell to the ground.

Leonel smiled, a sight that looked a bit gruesome considering the blood running down his nose and ears.

"It's alright, I'm fine, I'm fine." Leonel comforted the little mink.

Leonel wiped the blood from his face with an arm, looking back toward the monument. His gaze narrowed.

He realized something.

All this time, he had been subconsciously restraining his Internal Sight. But, when he meditated on the Natural Force Art, in order to appear within his Dream World and the real world at the same time, the only option was to use his Internal Sight.

Leonel had learned from Uncle Montez that wantonly using his Internal Sight was seen as a taboo in this new world order. So, he had always been careful with doing so. This made him miss the fact that his Internal Sight was severely restricted beneath the aura of this monument.

It wasn't that there was nothing to gain from this monument, but rather that anything worth gaining could only be seen through Internal Sight. It wasn't even necessary for Leonel to use the Natural Force Art to see it.

In fact, the fact Leonel used the Natural Force Art caused him to dive too deeply into the world which was what caused such an exaggerated backlash. Had he dipped his toes in more slowly, he wouldn't have suffered nearly as badly even if he did a bit.

Coming to this realization, Leonel understood the crux of the matter.

In this world, without Internal Sight, it was impossible to cultivate. Due to this, it was both a point of emphasis and something that was easily glossed over.

These youths standing around the monument might have already tried to examine it with their Internal Sight, but because theirs was so much weaker than Leonel's, it wasn't even possible for them to cut through the pressure and touch the monument with their senses.

Their only option would be to walk through the pressure personally. However, the pressure here was many times that of the Gates. Most couldn't even enter a five meter radius, let alone get close enough to extend their Internal Sight.

This made Leoenl certain that there were very few in this Brave City who had succeeded in doing what he had. And, these people, in all likelihood, had kept this secret to themselves.

"… LEONEL!"

"Huh?" Leonel was suddenly awakened from his thoughts only to find that three people were standing above him.

These three were, of course, Jerach, Qiyra and Syl. They looked over him with a mixture of confusion and worry.

"Who attack you?" Jerach was the first to ask.

"Oh… I'm not sure." Leonel shrugged. "It was probably just a warning, or else I'd probably be dead."

Seeing Leonel's nonchalant response, the three didn't know how to respond. Was this a way that someone who had just died was supposed to react?

Leonel, however, was already thinking of other things.

This monument wasn't suitable for him. It was too bloodthirsty and also the general it depicted used a halberd. In truth, the halberd and spear had many similarities, but Leonel had the Spear Domain to learn everything he needed about the spear. He didn't need outside resources.

He needed to visit the other monuments and hopefully find something that would make his breakthrough into the Fourth Dimension with his Soul Force allow him to protect himself.

Leonel was mostly hoping to find a Fourth Dimensional mage… If he couldn't find it within the Eastern Section of the city, he would have to travel to the other Sections even if it meant starting a war.

Jerach, Syl and Qiyra obviously had no idea what Leonel was thinking, otherwise, who knew how they'd react to this madman?