Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel walked along the stone paved roads once again, calmly observing the abodes and lampposts one by one. He was easily able to see which abodes could help with what.

Most were focused on the main elements of Fire, Wind, Earth and Water. Aside from them, there were a few rarer kinds that fell into the category of Variants.

The best sort of abode for Leonel would be a Star Elemental Abode. Only such a place would be highly compatible with him and would make the process of evolving his Soul Force much smoother.

Also, since he wasn't necessarily restricted to one abode, a metal Variant of the Earth Element would also be greatly beneficial to him. This would help him improve his Metal Body at a much quicker rate.

That said, this wasn't at the forefront of Leonel's mind. After all, he had long since realized that the aura beneath the Gates and monuments could also work to greatly speed up the strengthening of his Metal Body. In fact, since the aura beneath the monuments were ten times more concentrated, they were even better than the Gates had been.

Leonel continued to walk, quickly getting a bit worried. He saw some Variant abodes, but he still hadn't seen a Star Force abode.

"… What are you looking for?" Jerach finally couldn't hold back.

In his mind, after seeing how devastating Leonel's fire affinity was, Leonel should have long since chosen an abode. They had already passed by two Fire Elemental abodes and one Variant Fire Elemental abode.

Of course, Jerach had no idea that Leonel had yet to consciously work on his fire affinity before.

"I'm looking for a Star Force abode." Leonel replied. There was no need to hide anything anyway since once he found such an abode, practically everyone would know about it.

"Star Force?!" Jerach was shocked again.

It was difficult to explain just how rare those with Star affinity were. They were even on par with those that had enigmatic affinities like time and space. Star Force was the only Force in existence that could be cultivated and used no matter the environment.

There were many locations in the universe where energy of a certain kind became scarce and impossible to sense. Those who had such affinities that were unlucky enough to end up in such regions could only lament their bad luck and hope to survive. In such environments, even abilities could become useless.

However, no matter where one was, there would always be Star, Space and Time Force. These three Forces and the other rare ones like it all had this fundamental reason that set them apart.

Suddenly, Jerach laughed. "No wonder, no wonder. I thought you were a madman for a second, but it seemed you had a plan too."

"Hm?" Leonel raised an eyebrow. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"You don't have to act ignorant anymore, I see through you."

Leonel frowned in confusion. "No, really."

Jerach gave Leonel a weird look. "You really don't know?"

"Really."

"Madman… Just a madman…" Jerach grumbled. "… Claiming an abode requires two prerequisites. The first is that you must have the appropriate rank. It's possible for an Emperor to claim a King's house but it isn't possible for a King to claim and Emperor's unless they upgrade their mark.

"The second prerequisite is that the trial of the abode must be passed."

Leonel's gaze suddenly brightened, his steps coming to a halt. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"You mean to say that the trial that must be passed is related to the affinity of the abode? So, if I'm the only one with Star Force affinity…"

"… If you're the only one with Star Force affinity, then it would be impossible for anyone to claim your abode other than you unless they're seeking death. The trials are quite simple if you share the necessary affinity, and you can muddle your way through Variant affinities as long as its related to your main affinity. However, if you try to claim a home you have no affinity with, heavy injury is the best case scenario."

Leonel's gaze brightened like two torches.

Was this what they called luck? Was he finally going to get something to go his way?

Leonel was a virgin and hadn't even kissed a woman before. In fact, the only times he had even been able to touch Aina somewhat intimately was when she was either unconscious or half dead. But, he could swear that being with a woman couldn't possibly feel half as good as he was feeling right now. He almost shed real tears.

Jerach gave Leonel another odd look. 'Why does he look so happy…? Why does his expression almost look… lewd?'

Jerach almost began to shed his own tears. He could only hope that Leonel didn't use his control over his life to take his chastity.

Of course, if others knew Jerach was thinking himself as chaste, he'd probably be stoned to death.

After a moment of happiness, Leonel regained his composure.

Even if these people couldn't try to seize his abode, the fact of the matter would be that he would still be unsafe when he left his abode. And, he would have no choice but to leave it if he wanted to make his name known to find Aina. In addition, it wasn't like he could bring the monuments into his abode either.

However, this was still the greatest news he had heard in a long while. Even if he would still be at risk, he wouldn't have to worry about the 12 hour limit anymore. In addition, should things go south, he had a 'safe house' he could return to.

Of course, this was as long as no one else had a Star affinity…

Soon, Leonel and Jerach made it to the end of the stone paved roads. For a moment, Leonel thought he had dropped back down to an abyss because even now, he couldn't find a Star affinity abode. But, that was when his gaze landed on six homes that sat side by side. In fact, they were a measure larger than all the other homes.

One gave off a radiant gold light. The next pulsed with darkness. The third seemed warped, dilating one's sense of time. The fourth seemed to stand in a plane of its own – it looked as though it was right before them, yet hundreds of miles away at the same time.

The fifth made Leonel exceptionally excited. It, too, exuded a light. But, it was more gentle and dense than the first, not to mention warmer. This was definitely a Star affinity abode. Finally, his heart rested easy.

However, when he looked at the sixth house, Leonel's steps froze again as he fell into a daze. He felt as though he experienced his whole life once again. From the day he was born to this very moment right here.

In his shock, Leonel saw the image of a woman gorgeous beyond words. It was the kind of beauty that seized the heart and overshadowed even Young Mistress Heira.

She had eyes as bright as glistening emeralds, hair like a shimmering golden-white waterfall, and a smile that made tears uncontrollably fall from Leonel's eyes.

She held a baby in her arms, her gaze a mixture of love and unwillingness. The image was so real that Leonel felt as though he was right there… he was the baby… he was the one being looked at in such a way…

"Mom…"

Leonel had never said these words in his life. At least, he had never said it to address another person. He never thought about his mother because he couldn't even remember her. He couldn't say he felt one way or another. But, at this moment, he felt as though his heart was bleeding.

How could he forget that gaze?

When Leonel snapped out of it, he found himself standing in the same place staring at the same house.

"… Leonel! Oh, you're awake. Try not to stare at that abode too much, there've been stories of others never being able to extricate themselves. I've never heard of someone falling into a trance like you did coming out, you're very lucky."

Leonel blinked, trying to regain his bearing. But, the tears didn't seem to want to stop.

"That abode, what is it?" Leonel forced out, his voice shockingly steady.

"That?" Jerach didn't even dare to look toward the abode as he referred to it.. "They call it Dream Force."