Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel should have been shocked by this result. After all, the last time he checked, his ability was graded as Tier 3 Bronze. This sort of massive leap should have been completely out of expectations. But, Leonel only nodded. This much should have been expected.

After purging his Soul Force, his ability should have already shot up to Tier 6 or 7. Then, after breaking through to the Fourth Dimension within his Ethereal Glabella, it shot up once again to Quasi Silver. It was very likely that at this moment, he had the most powerful ability on Terrain.

Leonel closed his eyes, focusing on the changes to his ability.

Leonel already knew that he wouldn't suddenly awaken new branches to his ability. His Calculative Mind ability entirely relied on himself to come up with new ways to use his computer-like brain. However, he could still check to see what improvements there had been to abilities he already created.

'My Dream Clone limit is now 17…'

This was the first thing Leonel realized as it was the easiest to quantify. 17 might sound like a small change, but it became exponentially more difficult to split his mind the more ways he did so.

Of course, it was possible for Leonel to surpass this limit of 17 if he consciously lowered the computing power of each. But, in most cases, this wouldn't be very helpful.

Leonel's overall abilities gained a massive boost. He could Dream Sculpt in a fraction of the time, the ideas he had to improve his Dreamscape and Dreamscape Battle Sense seemed to increase like a never-ending tide, but, the most important change to Leonel was that he could see through the core secrets of the things he had Dream Sculpted.

Leonel left his Dream World and walked out of is abode.

"Jerach." Leonel called out.

By now, Jerach was in a pitiful state. He didn't dare to look toward the abode, but he also felt conflicted in his heart. His pride wouldn't allow him to abandon Leonel. He hadn't been joking around when he said he would sign his life over.

He was a real man. He refused to do anything that encroached on his ideals for himself.

At that moment, Jerach had just been about to turn toward the abode. Even if he got stuck in an illusion for the rest of his life, he would have still have followed through on the thoughts of his heart. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But, who knew that the moment he spun around, a vicious glint in his eyes as though the abode was his mortal enemy, he would hear Leonel's voice suddenly call out?

Leonel looked toward Jerach with an amused expression.

"What are you doing out there? Hurry up."

Jerach stood rooted in place for a long while.

"… Did I already fall into the illusion? Fuck, my life is over."

Leonel laughed and shook his head.

He hadn't had a close friend since James betrayed him. In fact, he had very much avoided it, closing himself off slightly. But, he felt it wouldn't be bad to have someone like Jerach around, at least for now.

Leonel waved a finger, causing a pillar of earth to shoot up from behind Jerach and send him soaring toward the house.

"Ah!" Jerach grabbed onto his ass with both hands, soaring through the skies with a wronged expression on his face.

Leonel let Jerach land before the door. No way he was going to catch something so heavy.

But, this seemed to wake Jerach up from his stupor.

"You… you really claimed this abode?"

Leonel smiled. "I have some stuff to do before we go again. Just stay in here, it's safer. I'm sure there will be people surrounding this place soon enough."

With that, Leonel turned and entered, walking up to the highest room of the abode. Though he didn't know Jerach well, his actions just now were enough for Leonel to take a chance on his character.

Even if Leonel was wrong about him, with Leonel's current abilities, he could definitely stop anyone he didn't want spying on him from doing so.

Jerach stood in a daze as Leonel disappeared.

**

BANG!

"Someone tell me what the hell just happened!"

Within the Central Tower, numerous meetings just like this were taking place. As though by tacit understanding, almost all Emperors and most Kings not involved in Leonel's claiming of the Dream Abode came to this very place.

"P-Please calm your anger, young master. All those we've sent to investigate haven't come back. We're unsure of what happened as well."

"Dammit!"

The young man in question knew that he couldn't go and investigate himself. If he did so, that would be an act of war on the Eastern Sector and he couldn't bear this burden alone.

It was fine if he sent middling Soldiers out to do his bidding. Who would care about a few Soldiers? They weren't enough of a threat to be taken seriously. But, if he, as a King, made a move of his own, it would definitely stir up some problems.

"The Dream Abode had been claimed! The Dream Abode has been claimed!"

At that moment, a Soldier came sprinting into the tower, almost tripping over his own feet.

The entire environment froze.

Had it been the Light or Dark Abode, it would have been shocking, but easier to accept. Had it been the Star, Space or Time Abode, the whole of Terrain would have been shaken, but it would still cool down after a while. But, for it to be the Dream Abode…

It felt as though everyone had entered an illusory realm of their own. Did they really hear correctly?

Reynred Solar, Jilniya Falls and Wilas Mirage all sat together, discussing this very topic. But, when they heard the news, they too came to a grinding halt. Then, they all looked toward one another and understood something immediately.

Their mission this time was far too important, it was so important that they even stopped personally overseeing the capture of that ugly bitch.

For such a variable to appear now of all times… They had to find a way to deal with it.