Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had no idea about the commotion he had caused. But, truthfully, this was a matter of choice rather than one of ignorance. All he cared about at this moment was increasing his own strength. The question laid in how he would do so.

At the moment, Leonel sat in the pool of his Abode Setting in a silent state of meditation. His mind rushed through several potential plans as he organized himself.

The quickest way to improve himself was likely with the Four Seasons Realm Force Arts of Merlin's Trials. With the improvement to his ability added atop the help of the Natural Force Art, it most definitely wouldn't take him the years he previously thought it would.

Leonel had already done a quick estimate. It would take him about a single day to perfect Dream Sculpt one of them now. And, if he wanted to fuse his comprehensions of Winter, Spring, Summer and Fall, he felt it would take about a week or two.

In total, if Leonel wanted to grasp the Four Seasons Realm for his spear, bow and fists, it would take about two to three months. This was definitely a far shorter evaluation than he previously had.

The only unfortunate part was that these wouldn't be his own comprehensions. As such, the power he displayed wouldn't be as exaggerated as allowing him to challenge the Peak of the Fourth Dimension.

'For someone weak, the best thing they can do to keep themselves safe would be to have mobility and to keep a certain distance.'

Leonel knew this well. So, for now, he set aside the idea of comprehending his spear and fist techniques.

During the trip here, Leonel had already completely grasped Chain Domain and conquered his first Spear Peak. There was no need to spend any more time on it for now. In fact, Leonel was leaning toward comprehending the Four Seasons Realm with his spear on his own. But, this was still a matter for the future.

'Focus on movement and long ranged attacks.'

When Leonel came to this conclusion, he had made up his mind. He was able to quickly breakdown the things he needed to do.

The first and most obvious was to awaken the Speed Branch of his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor.

The second was to master [Golden Feather Step].

The third was to comprehend and fuse his comprehensions of the Four Seasons Realm for his Bow Embryo.

And the fourth was to modify his use of Camelot's spell Arts to make them useful against Fourth Dimensional opponents. In the past, Leonel didn't have the computational ability to do this on his own. But, at the moment, he was feeling much more confident.

Having made his decision, Leonel's eyes slowly opened.

A smile crept onto his face as he watched the little mink float in the pool. The little guy snored away without a care in the world, causing Leonel to chuckle.

Leonel entered his Dream World once again. This time, he immediately split himself into 16 Dream Clones. Then, he assigned four to each one of his chosen tasks. As for his 17th Dream Clone, he had it completely focus on absorbing Dream Force. The only way to sustain such continuous activity would be to do exactly this.

If Leonel was in any other environment, he would likely have to take a break every few hours. This had happened to him during his trip here in the carriage with Heira. This was why Heira could so clearly tell when he slipped into and out of his meditative state.

But the Dream Abode had such a high density of Dream Force that Leonel didn't even need to worry about it. And, since he was currently within the Segmented Cube, he could allow it to slowly gain the characteristics of the Dream Abode as well.

At least for while Leonel was within the Fourth Dimension and Fourth Dimensional Dream Force was still helpful to him, he could enter the Abode or Lab Setting to gain the same benefits he was now.

..

~[Golden Feather Step] Clones~

After asking the dictionary, Leonel conjured up an environment perfect for training movement within his Dream World.

His Dream Clones each stood atop thin metal poles barely the width of the balls of their feet. Below, there was nothing but an endless abyss.

In their minds, the movements of [Golden Feather Step] were replayed again and again. Each of them tried to grasp the Artistic Conception of the technique.

Leonel had no idea that his thoughts now were far beyond a normal person's. Artistic Conception was usually a term reserved for the Universe Cycles. But, to try and paint a picture without even considering the Universe Cycles… The outcome would be quite interesting indeed.

However, Leonel had always been doing this subconsciously. In the past, he had practiced [Chasing Wind] without even opening its cover… What was this if not relying on Artistic Conception?

When Leonel chose [Golden Feather Step], what he chose wasn't its name or its power… he chose its feeling.

…

~Speed Branch Lineage Factor Clones~

Leonel entered a deep introspection of his body, sensing the shackles the bound his blood.

Having access to a particular branch didn't necessarily mean that one would awaken it. However, to now, Leonel had been able to awaken the first levels of both the Healing Branch and the Wisdom Branch.

The first opening of the Wisdom Branch was known as Blossoming Mind. It opened up one's thoughts, increasing speed of thought and solidifying the foundation for further cultivation of the mind.

Unfortunately, Leonel didn't gain much from this other than smoothing out his path toward the Fifth Dimension. After all, his own ability overshadowed any benefits one could gain from unlocking this first shackle.

The first opening of the Healing Branch was known as Instant Recovery. As long as there was an adequate separation of time, Leonel could instantly recover back to his peak state. It had already been months since the last time Leonel used this ability, but he still had a few more months to go before he could use it again. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Luckily, this opening of this Branch had the passive ability of multiplying the impact of normal healing, something Leonel had experienced personally already during his battle with Lamorak.

The first opening of the Speed Branch, however, was a special case for the Snowy Star Owl. It had a slight mutation as compared to the normal Speed Branch of other Lineage Factors because it was tailored toward winged beasts.

It was known as First Flight.