Of course, Leonel wasn't going to sprout wings just by unlocking the first of his Lineage Factor's chains. Such a mutation would only occur at a much deeper level of integration.

First Flight represented the invocation of the essence of the Snowy Star Owl's speed.

~Four Seasons Clones~

Each one of Leonel's four Dream Clones focused on a different Force Art. They floated before his main body, each capturing a different scene.

Despite the fact Leonel had already been bestowed the Winter Legendary Skill, he still chose to comprehend it on his own again. It was then he suddenly realized something shocking.

When he finally grasped Winter on his own… he realized it was different from the comprehension Merlin's Trial had bestowed to him.

'It can't be…'

Leonel froze for a moment.

Compared to the comprehension Merlin's Trial had given him, the one he comprehended by Dream Sculpting was several times deeper. In fact, Leonel felt as though he could sense the essence of the Seasons as though it was his very own understanding.

Leonel was stunned.

What limited those who chose the second path of comprehension – relying on another – was that their understanding would never be as deep as the original creator. However, by Dream Sculpting these Force Arts, Leonel had integrated this understanding so deeply within himself that it almost felt like his own.

Leonel was shocked to his core. When he realized this, he immediately consulted the dictionary. It was only after this that he finally calmed down.

'So that's how it is…'

Leonel learned from the dictionary that there were two things that distinguished the second and third forms of comprehension. The first was as Leonel thought: how deeply one comprehended. But, the second was how much Universal Force one could evoke.

Universal Force was the strength behind the Four Seasons Realm. When one comprehended one or all of the Four Seasons, it was possible to use Universal Force to increase one's strength. This was where the power of the Realm came from.

When one comprehended a Universe Cycle on their own, the amount of Universal Force one could use was far greater than when one relied on someone else.

This essentially meant that Leonel was now in an in-between Realm. He felt as though the comprehension was his own, but the Universal Force hadn't recognized it as such.

As a result, the power he could evoke from the Four Seasons Realm was more than someone who comprehended it with the help of another, but less than if he had comprehended it all on his own.

Even though this wasn't as great as Leonel had been hoping, this was still excellent news. The second form of comprehension would have just been a minor boost to his strength, but this was much, much, much more of a boon.

Leonel's confidence grew as he once more sunk back into his meditative state.

…

~Mage Art Clones~

After the increased strength to Leonel's ability, he found that his ability to master Force Arts had skyrocketed. Not only could he draw Mage Arts much more quickly than he had in the past, he felt that he could even freelance their symbols to a small extent.

Though 'freelancing' lowered the strength of the Art, it once again increased the casting speed and gave Leonel much more freedom in battle.

However, what Leonel needed wasn't just speed, he needed added strength.

There were two avenues he could travel down to accomplish this.

The first was the [Layering] Art. Leonel had already used this Art many times in battle. It allowed a mage to stack the same spell multiple times to increase its power.

Unfortunately, it had its own limitations. For one, the maximum number of stacked spells for a Three Star Magus Art was three and no more. This wasn't anywhere near enough to harm a Fourth Dimensional entity.

In addition, the second problem was time. To layer multiple Arts, it was obviously necessary to draw each one of them individually. This would increase casting time and not be conducive to battle.

Of course, this second problem overshadowed the fact that it would also take a lot of stamina to layer so many Arts.

To Leonel, the problem of time and stamina wasn't really an issue. He could cast even a Three Star Magus Art in a split second in his current state. The main issue was the limitation of the layering Art.

If Leonel wanted to go with this option, he would have to research into either making the layering Art better or into making his Three Star Magus Arts better compliments to it.

However… Leonel felt he had a much better idea than this.

His four Clones sat in regions of their own, each of them having numerous Force Arts floating around them. They spanned from the simplest Apprentice Arts to the highest Magus Arts.

Every so often, they would breakdown into smaller parts. Anyone watching from the outside would realize that it wasn't that there were Apprentice Arts and Magus Arts floating around Leonel but rather that…

The Magus Arts were becoming Apprentice Arts!

Leonel continued breaking down complex Magus Arts into their simpler forms them forming them up once again.

He seemed to be searching for something, looking for a path forward.

Soon, there came a point where nothing but Apprentice Arts remained. Then…

Leonel broke them down further.

**

While Leonel was entirely focused on training himself, a month ticked by, then a second. Leonel had unknowingly turned 19 being completely none the wiser.

Outside the Dream Abode, the crowd continued to grow. But, if one paid attention, it would become clear that for such a large crowd, the surroundings were eerily silent. In fact, not a single person was moving as though they had all entered a trance.

The higher ups who sent all of their subordinates here felt a slight tinge of fear, all the legends of the Dream Abode coming back to their memories. If they weren't certain before, they were absolutely sure now that someone had claimed it.

But, how could they deal with someone they couldn't even approach?

It was only then that the crowd before the Abode grew stagnant. From afar, the sight caused many to shudder in fear.

While everyone was distracted, though, changes began to occur at the Gates of Brave City once again.

The first period of entry for Brave City was known as the quota period. In this period, every family, City and Power would only allow a certain number of individuals to enter. This was the calmest state Brave City would be in during its active period, but it also only allowed a limited number of individuals to benefit.

After this period ended, the second period would begin. During this time, restrictions would lift. But… the danger would multiply several folds.

Whereas in the beginning, Brave City exuded a Valiant Majesty, it now seemed as though blood washed its walls. A suffocating killing intent hung around it, causing the weak to collapse and die beneath the pressure. No small number of individuals who overestimated themselves collapsed, never to breathe another breath.

It was when this second period began that Zilar looked toward the massive looming Gates with fists clenched and determination in his eyes. He wasn't the only one, but his will seemed to tower over the others.

He still remembered Leonel's words that day…

"Second place was never an option for me." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Blood leaked from Zilar's fingers.

'Second place isn't an option for me either!'

He took a firm step forward, his resolve forming a tangible shield around him.

…

At that moment, approaching from the North, there was another who looked toward the bloody Gates in silence.

They had a back that hunched grotesquely and were shrouded in a black cloak. The scent of blood that hung around them seemed to rival even Brave City itself.

Without hesitation, this figure too stepped forward.