Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The truth was that no one knew who it was had claimed the Dream Abode. It was only after seeing Leonel exit that people finally got a look at just who this individual was.

So, when Leonel made it to the stone monument, not a single person spared him a glance. Of course, that was only because they didn't notice his Emperor brand immediately.

Now that Leonel knew his becoming famous was inevitable, he put away his overinflated bravado and went back to his normal disposition. So, not many eyes were on him to begin with.

"Jerach, this monument is very useful for you." Leonel suddenly said.

"Huh? What?" Jerach's eyes widened then scanned the surroundings to see if anyone was listening in on their conversation.

Leonel chuckled. "Don't worry, no one can hear me but you. It's just a single noise cancellation spell."

Leonel had used plenty of these spells to form his maze back during Merlin's Random Event. Using it now in conversation wasn't an issue.

That said, Leonel found that casting the same spells in a Fourth Dimensional world had severely lowered effects. For example, a teleportation spell that would have usually carried him tens of meters would be lucky to shift him one or two meters.

Still, for such a low level spell, it could get the job done.

It was only after hearing Leonel say this that Jerach sighed a breath of relief.

"… You're a mage? No, forget that. What do you mean this monument can help me? Is there a secret?"

"Of course there is. Did you think that these monuments just stood here to tell you about how many women these Generals took back to their tents?"

Jerach grinned. "What better source of encouragement is there than this?"

Leonel seemed to have almost forgotten who he was dealing with. He almost couldn't refrain from rolling his eyes.

"The stories written on this monument may or may not be true, I don't know. But, what I do know is that the story isn't nearly as important as what's hidden within. You need to brace yourself and touch the monument with your Internal Sight."

Jerach hesitated upon hearing this.

The reason most didn't dare to do this was because the pressure around the monument was too great. Internal Sight seemed intangible, but it was still connected to one's mind. Under equally 'intangible' pressure, it could suffer damage and cause backlash to its owner. So, under such conditions, not many dared to even test Leonel's theory, let alone going as far as to observe the monument with it.

"This is something you'll have to figure out yourself." Leonel said. "I've already given you all the information you need to know."

Leonel sighed internally. He could tell that Jerach had a mental roadblock somewhere, but he wasn't some sort of guru, nor had he known Jerach for long enough to extend advice to him.

Maybe to Jerach, he had already hidden it well. In truth, most wouldn't be able to pick up on it at all. The fact Leonel had was just a testament to his observational abilities.

With these words said, Leonel took several steps forward and entered the aura field of the stone monument. It was only after he did this that many turned a curious eye over to him.

'An Emperor…?!'

It had to be known that Emperors and Kings were almost all accounted for. Gathering information on such people was usually the topmost priority of anyone within these city walls.

For them to not recognize such a person… Just who was he?

The second phase had started not long ago. Could it be that there was someone hidden within the general population with such talent?

No one here believed that they had really missed out on Leonel. It must be that he was new. And, if he was new, then that must be that he had entered without a quota during the second phase. And, by extension, that must be that he wasn't a part of the City Lord structure or the Powers. There was no way such a talent would be abandoned without a quota by such powers, right?

But… wouldn't they have also known that a new Emperor appeared? After all, there was only one Gate in their Eastern Sector…

As these people were trying to think about who Leonel might be, he had already crossed the five meter mark toward the stone monument, causing their eyes to almost bulge out from their sockets. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It was no problem for an Emperor to enter such a close range. The issue was doing it so quickly. It was as though Leonel wasn't even feeling any pressure to begin with.

In the blink of an eye, Leonel had already become the closest to the stone monument. Yet, he didn't stop.

He strolled forward, soon becoming so close to the monument that he could reach out a hand and touch it.

By now, even Leonel was feeling impossibly great pressure. His bones creaked and his muscles tensed. However, compared to others, he was much more leisurely for one specific reason: he felt none of the mental pressure others did.

With a leap, Leonel jumped toward the top of the monument.

A green light lit the bottoms of his soles. Two more jumps later, he landed atop the tall monument.

Leonel's body shuddered when he touched the monument. His blood seemed to roll in reverse, but his strong body withstood it.

He forcefully suppressed it and sat down in meditation under the astonished gazes of all those around him. It wasn't long before Leonel had completely forgotten everything in his surroundings, his mind becoming as calm as the surface of a lake.

Who knew that the moment Leonel settled into a rhythm, a blinding pillar of red light would shoot up into the skies from the direction of the Central Tower?

No matter how shocked everyone was by Leonel, this red pillar took up all of their attention…

Someone was invading their Eastern Sector.

The only person who didn't seem to react to this at all was Leonel who continued to meditate. After all, he had already guessed that something like this would happen.

A red pillar wouldn't appear for anyone at and below the Royal rank. The only explanation was that Kings and Emperors had made their move. And...

They were obviously coming for him.