Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's mind was filled with visions of the winged swordsman.

It was quite a beautiful sight to behold. Every motion was smooth and flowed into the next.

The flap of his wings, the intake of a breath, the swing of his sword. His steps, his Force, his thoughts… It was all in perfect union.

The longer Leonel watched, the deeper he dove into the world.

He could feel the familiar energies trying to assault his mind. But, compared to the past where he nearly died, it almost felt like something was tickling him. The capacity of his mind was simply too far beyond what it had been in the past.

Eventually, Leonel felt that he had been far too cautious.

Without hesitation, he began to reflect on the Natural Force Art that called his Dream World home. In that instant, he no longer felt like he was an observer. It was as though he had taken over the body of the winged swordsman. He even felt like he was a master swordsman, ruling over the world with a single blade.

Leonel was very familiar with this feeling. Every time he began to comprehend a new spear, this was exactly the same feeling he would have.

The Artistic Conception engraved itself into his mind. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

'It's a much higher level of movement control compared to the primitive man…'

Leonel's heartbeat slowly descended, reaching a calm state once more. In fact, he felt as though the pressure the stone monument had on him was lessened by several degrees.

The primitive man taught Leonel the value of body control. When he ran, the movement of his arms and torso were just as the important as the movement of his legs. When he used his hands to attack, the placement of his feet and the torque of his hips was just as important as the placement of his arms.

This was a comprehension Leonel had slowly built upon the more spear consciousnesses he absorbed.

If he went back now, the deficiencies of the primitive man were too many, the most blatant of which was the fact this consciousness only focused on the body but not enough on Force. However, regardless, Leonel was endlessly thankful for the foundation the primitive man gave him.

Thanks to this foundation, Leonel felt that he could grasp the mysteries of this winged swordsman with much more ease.

'There's something I'm missing. This feeling is definitely very important to this world, but I know nothing about it. I'll have to ask the dictionary about it when I have time.'

Leonel opened his eyes and smiled, feeling very satisfied with his gains. He didn't expect to master the secrets of this stone monument so quickly, but this was definitely a good thing. It seemed he had underestimated the benefits his ability had bestowed upon him.

This made Leonel even more eager to move on to the next monument.

Much like the primitive man was a great foundation for this winged swordsman's stone monument, Leonel felt that the primitive woman's consciousness would be a great foundation for the bowwoman's stone monument.

Leonel still didn't know much about what Camelot called the General Star even now. But, he felt if he comprehended the bowwoman's Artistic Conception, he would come to a truer understanding of just what it meant to be a General Star.

Leonel hopped down from the stone monument and walked toward Jerach, completely ignoring all the gazes around him.

"Jerach, you stay here. I'll be going to another stone monument."

"Uh…" Jerach didn't know how to respond. Before he could say anything, Leonel had already vanished into the distance.

**

Unfortunately for those who had come to learn more about the person who claimed the Dream Abode, they had run into a bit of a… sticky situation.

Just when they wanted to charge into the Eastern Sector, they found a white robed young man in their way.

The young man didn't say much. He simply stood there, his aura calm. Despite the fact there were several Kings before him, he didn't say a single word. It was as though these Kings really weren't worth much of anything to him.

The Kings froze when they saw such a scene.

"Anared, what do you mean by this?"

One of the Kings narrowed his eyes. Clearly, he recognized this white robes young man. In fact, if Leonel had been there, he too would recognize this young man as none other than Syl's elder brother.

"What do I mean?" Anared's expression remained placid. "You're invading my Sector yet have the face to ask that?"

"Stop twisting the facts, Anared. You know exactly why we're here!"

"Oh? And I'm supposed to just allow you through to satisfy your own curiosity? And then what? There's only me here yet so many of you, I'm just supposed to take your word that you'll take a look and then leave? Do you take me for an ignorant fool?"

The expression of the Kings flickered.

Even if their main purpose here was to find out who owned the Dream Abode, there was no way that some of the more sinister among them hadn't thought of taking advantage of the situation.

After so many of them flooded into the Eastern Sector, how could they possibly defend against them all? There were bound to be numerous benefits.

At that same time, Anared's words spoke to something else.

Before, Leonel had asked Anared if there really were so many Emperors after seeing the state of the number of lit lampposts. Back then, Anared had simply answered that there was no restriction to the number of Abodes a single Emperor could claim.

But, what Leonel hadn't realized back then was that… there was only ever Anared. There were no other Emperors in the Eastern Sector but Leonel himself!

"Fine. They won't enter then. But what about us?"

At that moment, Anared's expressionless visage became a hint more serious.

The Emperor level characters had made themselves known.