Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Even among those of Terrain, the Moon siblings stood out.

They had flowing silver hair, overly pale skin, and a pair of red lips that seemed to drip of blood. If Leonel cared to observe them during the critical juncture of his comprehension, he would definitely assume them to be the vampires of legend and give himself a good chuckle.

That said, seemingly going with this theme, when the brother Moon sibling opened his eyes, the murderous aura seemed to be perfectly in line with this. It seemed that even compared to Anared, he was that much more protective of his own sister.

Just when he was about to make a moon, his sister pinched the sleeves of his silver robes.

The brother Moon sibling looked toward her, wondering why it was he was stopped. There was nothing he hated more than this. Had it not been for the fact they were family, maybe this would have been enough for him to lash out.

However, his sister didn't explain. She simply looked toward Leonel, the smile on her face not fading in the least. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

'Brother can't even approach the stone monument so closely. It's not a matter of not being physically capable, but rather a limitation of our minds. If brother really attacked now, he would be at a great disadvantage almost immediately. It seems that this man was already aware of this.'

This made everything more complicated. Despite being out in the open, Leonel was probably in the safest place he could be with the exception of his own Abode.

At that moment, a group came rushing in, seemingly finding out about all the commotion.

"Big Brother!" Syl's voice rang out from amidst them. But, before she could say more, she was stunned silent by the sight of Leonel and three other Emperors.

The other seeded participants of the Keafir family rushed in after her. Though they were here to participate, another one of their tasks was to protect the young family miss whenever they could.

They had had their hands full over the last few days trying to keep Syl away from the Dream Abode. But this time, they couldn't stop her at all.

Anared swept a glance over them that made them shudder. They knew he was reprimanding them for failing their task to keep her away.

"Come here, Syl." Anared said somewhat coldly. He felt safer when his sister was right by his side.

At that moment, the situation suddenly changed.

Everyone's gaze unexpectedly shot away from Leonel and toward the Eastern Sector Gates.

Someone was crossing the second phase trial?

Though it was true that Leonel's actions were a far greater rarity, someone passing the second phase was definitely a major event as well.

They all watched as the Gates trembled. They could sense the perseverance of the person on the other side. One could imagine the hardship one needed to face to cross the bloody aura of the second phase.

It took several moments, but eventually, the smallest Soldier doors shook open, cracking open just a fraction.

A figure squeezed through, his appearance disheveled and bloody.

But, that was when something heart wrenching occurred.

Just when the figure was almost all the way through, the doors slammed shut, catching the ankle of their right foot.

An agonizing scream shook the Eastern Sector as the person collapsed onto the dirt roads of Brave City. Blood pooled at their legs, dying the ground a harsh crimson as the figure convulsed.

The amount of perseverance it took to cross the barrier of aura was astronomical. It was no surprise that this person had no energy left. To deal with such an injury at such a time…

Everyone was stunned. But, they couldn't have expected for the silent, unmoving Leonel to suddenly awaken at that moment.

Seeing the situation, Leonel stood, his body shooting forward.

In that moment, if one wasn't looking closely, it would feel as though a bird had just soared over their heads. The pupils of the four Emperors all constricted at once.

The bowwoman's stone monument was quite close to the Gates. And, due to the fact that all the Abodes in this region were just various sized tents, there was nothing obstructing their view right to them.

In what felt like an instant, Leonel appeared beside this person.

"Zilar…" Leonel mumbled.

At that moment, the familiar face shook on the ground. He seemed to have gone into shock.

As a warrior of the Fourth Dimension, such an injury should have been painful, but definitely not to the point of putting him into such a state. The only explanation was that Zilar had given his everything to reach this point, he didn't have any more energy left to give.

Leonel's body suddenly burst with a blinding golden light.

Light Elemental Force surged toward him from all sides. For a moment, his flowing bronze-gold hair made him look as though he was a was deity.

Even compared to the past, calling upon the Light Element was far easier for Leonel. In fact, he felt the difference was easily tens of times. Part of this was because of the strengthening of his mind, but maybe the most important part was his Innate Force Node.

"[Grand Heal]."

A surging wind shook the surroundings.

If one looked closely, it was possible to see that in addition to the main Force Art, countless smaller ones hovered around Leonel, feeding into the main Force Art as though playing an important supporting role.

Under the stunned gazes of everyone, Zilar's shivering slowly came to a stop. And then… His severed leg began to slowly reform itself.

Though it failed to regrow in a single attempt, Leonel cast [Grand Heal] again before coming to a stop. He knew he could continue, but this was enough to stabilize Zilar's situation for now. If he really did continue, he would drain his stamina and then he wouldn't be able to guarantee his own safety, let alone Zilar's.

Leonel felt somewhat guilty for his current situation, so, of course he would do his best to help.

Leonel propped the unconscious Zilar up, piggy backing him. Though the little mink was a bit unsatisfied with its sleeping arrangements being disrupted, it clamored up to the top of Leonel's head and made another bed for itself.

With that, Leonel began to walk back, his hands clasped under Zilar's thighs.

However, it was a given that those Emperors wouldn't just allow him to walk back to his Abode. How could they give up this opportunity?

Getting over her shock, the sister Moon sibling stepped forward.

"So, are you free to speak now?"