Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's steps paused.

He really didn't know what these people wanted to 'talk' about. It seemed more to him that they wanted to find an excuse to do something to him. However, Leonel didn't care about any of this.

He gave the sister Moon sibling a dazzling smile. It was so genuine and light that it made her heart stop for a brief moment.

"My name is Leonel Morales. I am a citizen of Earth. This brand on my forehead is an unfortunate circumstance, I just got unlucky in coming here during a period of time they were monitoring for fugitives. I'm sure as citizens of Terrain, you know more about this than I do."

Leonel thought to himself for another few moments.

"I believe that is all. Make sure to spread that far and wide."

Leonel didn't speak particularly loudly, but his voice resonated, reaching the ears of all those within the square.

The atmosphere seemed to freeze.

Leonel raised an eyebrow. Did he say something wrong? It can't be that racism is a thing in these places? No, that shouldn't be it, Leonel saw plenty of people from other worlds coming to Terrain. If they weren't alright with such a thing, why would they make it such a big staple of their culture?

The four Emperors were shaken once again.

Leonel was filled with too many surprises.

Claiming the Dream Abode was already enough to shake them to the core. Having a Light Elemental affinity so high on top of that was enough to make them green with envy despite how well they tried to hide it.

But, even compared to all of this, the name Earth seemed to shake them all the more.

Feelings of jealousy, animosity and disdain swirled in the air. This wasn't a matter of nationality or racism, as odd as it seemed to say this after describing such vitriol.

Earth and Terrain seemed to be on two opposing sides of the spectrum. While the common citizens had never heard of Earth, the elites of Terrain all had.

Terrain was reaching the end of its growth potential, Earth had an endlessly paved road before it. Terrain didn't receive the support of higher level worlds, Earth received the support of countless. Terrain was entering a crossroads that might end their world as they once knew it… and Earth was just beginning to bud.

The more one compared, the more striking the differences became.

"… Did you just say Earth?" Reynred's gaze narrowed.

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "Yes?"

Reynred's gaze narrowed even further before looking toward Anared.

"Is this how your Keafir family operates now? Allowing those of other worlds to partake in our resources?"

A slight hint of animosity hung in the air. Regardless of what side you were on, the idea of someone stealing away something that was rightfully yours wouldn't sit well with you. It only made it worse that Leonel was in the Third Dimension.

Those who wanted to partake in the Brave City trials but weren't part of the major powers of Terrain had to wait to the second phase. But, who would believe that someone in the Third Dimension could do this?

The contrast Zilar provided was too drastic. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Everyone could tell that Zilar was strong enough to become a Royal at worst. Yet, he was branded as a soldier now and had no choice but to abide by the rules of a soldier.

If Leonel had gone through the second phase like he was supposed to, it would have been impossible for him to become an Emperor and all the more impossible for him to claim the Dream Abode and put them in such a passive position.

Anared's gaze remained indifferent.

"The matters of the Keafir family are ours to deal with alone, since when was it the turn of the Cliff's Edge Terrace to speak on our matters? And, I'm also certain that if one were to pick out a traitor to our world… It most definitely wouldn't be me."

Reynred's glare froze. Clearly, he hadn't expected such pointed words from Anared.

All the while, Leonel was lost in his own thoughts.

'Hm… If I go back and pass the trial of the second phase, my name would spread far and wide, right? Aina might hear about it…'

Leonel thought for a moment. With his intelligence, he could immediately see the animosity aimed toward him. And, when he noticed the glances toward Zilar on his back, he managed to put it all together himself.

Just when Leonel planned on acting on this though, he paused and grinned.

'Hate moves more than anything else.'

"Last I remembered, you're an Emperor too, correct?" Leonel looked toward Reynred with a childishly innocent gaze. "If you want my Abode, go claim it."

Suddenly, Leonel's warm smiling face became extremely punchable.

"In fact, I think I'm in the mood to claim more abodes. I'll be taking over the Star, Light and Darkness Abode. After I do, you can feel free to challenge any one of them." Leonel pondered on something for a moment. "Now that I think about it, don't you also get some benefits for challenging an Abode in enemy territory? You should want to, too. Right?"

Leonel's smile never faded despite sensing the animosity in the air.

Anared's brows furrowed, not quite understanding what Leonel was trying to do. Was he really just so arrogant?

"You don't believe me?" Leonel blinked innocently.

The crowd was riled up. They wanted to see nothing more than Leonel falling flat on his face. But, at the same time, they wanted to beat him up where he stood. The conflicting feelings left them feeling so stifled that several almost coughed up blood.

Just as Leonel was about to boldly lead everyone to the elite Abodes, the city shook once again.

Everyone's gaze shot toward the Northern Gates as they blasted open, causing the whole city to quake.

As though this was a catalyst, the Central Tower flickered.

A mass of energy converged toward the peak of the Tower. At first, the form they took was blurry, but it soon became a row of numbers that read:

9:23:59:59

A countdown to the third phase had begun.

In that moment, the suffocating aura around Brave City began to slowly weaken and anxious soon-to-be spectators excitedly stood.. It seemed that the true Trials would be starting soon.