Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Jilniya's eyes narrowed. "You overestimate yourself."

What happened next was so sudden that no one could have expected it. It was hard to imagine that beauty who elicited the feeling of care and protection in them all would suddenly surge forward and attack without warning.

In one instant, Jilniya was like a delicate flower in a vase. In the next, she was a pouncing panther, her slender legs exploding with undeniable power and strength.

The Sword Monstress responded as quickly as it seemed humanly possible, raising her sword like a shield across her body.

Jilniya's palm shot forward like a venomous serpent, slamming against the spine of the great sword.

BANG!

The Sword Monstress' body convulsed. It was just a single palm, but it felt as though she had been hit three times continuously.

A surge of concentric wind ricocheted off the side of her sword, sending her sliding across the ground.

Jilniya didn't seem intent on stopping, her beautiful eyes remaining indifferent as she shot forward again.

Her movements gave one the illusion of rushing water. It had an undeniable forcefulness, but also hid a fluidity and flexibility that accentuated the curves of a woman.

BANG!

A second palm descended. This one was several times stronger than the previous. Rather than carrying three layered strikes, this one carried four.

This time, the Sword Monstress lost her footing. Unable to slide along the ground anymore, she stumbled backward and got tossed off her feet.

Jilniya's attack was relentless.

Any veteran of battle knew that whoever gained an initiative would hold an upper hand. If one managed to keep this advantage, victory would only be a matter of time.

However, it soon became very clear that Jilniya didn't need the initiative to claim victory. Whether it was speed, strength, or ability, she surpassed this cloaked figure by not just a single level.

This left those watching baffled. They had thought that this cloaked figure would have a high level of skill after daring to offend two Heirs. Yet, it seemed that when comparing whether this woman was brave or foolish, it was most likely the latter.

Wilas felt his anger dissipate. What a waste of emotions. He couldn't believe he wasted time getting angry at a person so far beneath him.

'It seems that Jilniya gained an inkling of comprehension toward her Falls Style… Couple that with her ability and she truly would be too troublesome to deal with.'

Every time Jilniya attacked, it was as though three, four, five and sometimes even six of her were assaulting the same person all at the same time.

Her heart couldn't help but be filled with disdain.

'Just die.' She thought coldly.

She didn't know who this person was, but she had truly never met anyone more foolish.

Thanks to the times, this Sword Monstress had already been lucky enough to escape the clutches of her Power. Yet, instead of accepting this bout of good fortune, she actually dove right back into the lion's den.

Jilniya's palm shot toward the Sword Monstress' head.

The air around her palm trembled. If one looked closely, it seemed as though her strike was being superimposed. A portion reflected where her palm would be, a portion reflected where it was now, and the last reflected where it had been.

These attacks came together as one, causing the air to quake.

Had this strike been sent out in a Third Dimensional world, there was no doubt that the clap of the sound barrier shattering would have sounded.

It was at that moment when Jilniya's palm was just moments away from collapsing the Sword Monstress' head in on itself that things suddenly changed.

The Sword Monstress' aura surged. A sinister, dark and bloodthirsty air erupted.

From beneath the hooded cloak, one could see two eyes blazing with a blinding gold light that flickered with a deep darkness.

The Sword Monstress swung her great sword to meet Jilniya's palm.

BANG!

The Sword Monstress took several steps back before stabilizing herself while Jilniya took just one. But, without hesitation, the Sword Monstress shot forward again, her great sword trailing to her back like the tail of a comet.

She brought her sword forward in a great arc, leaving a blur in the air.

BANG!

Jilniya forced the Sword Monstress back again, her expression filled with rage. It was as though she couldn't believe that this beast of a woman would dare fight back against her.

The spectators remained silent as though scared to get involved in such a thing. They too hadn't expected the Sword Monstress to suddenly fight back, but the truth was that it didn't seem to matter.

However, those who were clever among them seemed to realize that maybe the Sword Monstress wasn't as foolish as she seemed.

By now, there was already less than five minutes before the timer struck zero. By feigning an inability to fight back at all in the beginning, she managed to drag out the battle. It was only after it seemed she really might die that she really started to fight.

If things went on like this, there was no way Jilniya would be able to kill her before the timer rang out. And, when the third phase began, all the rules would change.

Most intelligent people seemed to realize this. But, it was difficult to calmly analyze things in the heat of battle, especially when you were enraged like Jilniya. As for why Wilas and Reynred hadn't explained this to Jilniya, there were two reasons.

For one, if someone had to explain this to her, Jilniya would only lose more face. And, secondly, after seeing the Sword Monstress' combat power… they no longer feared her. They didn't care whether she died or not, it would hardly change anything.

This was the same reason they had for not pressing forward to kill Leonel. His impact on the coming trials would be limited.

BANG! RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The Sword Monstress slid back once again. But, this time, Jilniya didn't pursue.

"So that's your plot?" The beautiful Heiress looked toward the ticking time, visible anger twisting her delicate features. "Unfortunately for you, you've still underestimated me."

At that moment, many touched their ears, not believing what they were hearing.

Where was this sound of rushing water coming from?