Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Jilniya brandished her palms in a composed stance, her gaze cold.

Just like there were weapons Forces, there were likewise Forces for various bodily martial arts. Fist Force, Palm Force, various kicking and leg Forces, they all existed. However, just like weapon Forces, these bodily martial art Forces didn't have anything particularly special to them other than a slight boost in strength.

When Leonel comprehended his Spear Force, it was a product of the spear consciousnesses he observed within Spear Domain. He was able to constantly build on this Spear Force, refining it and perfecting it.

Despite the fact Leonel's Spear Force was still just an empty shell right now, it was still far more powerful than it had been in the past.

In the same way, bodily Forces had to be refined over time. Only in this way could they manifest true strength.

The so-called 'Falls Style' was a martial arts discipline of the World's End Falls Power. It emphasized a steady, unrelenting flow. Every attack flowed into the next. Upon gaining an initiative with this style, it was impossible to lose it. Had it not been for Jilniya choosing to take a step back now, the Sword Monstress would still be on her back foot.

If Leonel had been here, he would realize that this so-called 'Style' was exactly the discipline he had been learning through the stone monuments.

For the Falls Style, only upon reaching a high level of comprehension would one hear the sound of rushing waters. It was clear that not only had Jilniya begun to grasp her Power's core teachings, but she was well on her way to mastering them.

Jilniya knew well just how suited this Style was to her. Her ability was shockingly an exceptionally rare time affinity ability that allowed her to layer her attacks. It made a single attack feel like many, giving her great offensive prowess.

Unfortunately, among time affinity abilities, hers was ranked so near the bottom that she couldn't even dream of claiming the Time Abode. The first time she came to Brave City, she foolishly overestimated herself and almost lost her life in the attempt. In fact, she was still suffering from the loss of over ten years from her lifespan.

However, this didn't mean that her ability was weak. In fact, when coupled with the Fall Style, she was likely the strongest amongst herself, Reynred and Wilas.

Knowing this, when she saw the enemy of her Power before her, a fiery anger bubbled up within her heart. She was the strongest. How could she possibly allow such a plan to succeed? Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Die."

Jilniya shot forward again. But, this time, her speed seemed to have almost doubled, her palms raining down like the judgment of a god from above.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The Sword Monstress was hardly able to block, but her success only pissed Jilniya off more.

Jilniya's gaze flashed with a hint of red. By now, the sound of rushing water reached a peak. It was as though they were all standing at the base of an impossibly vast waterfall, falling with such strength that it shattered the rocks at its base into powder.

Jilniya's next strike was so fast that it bypassed the defense of the Sword Monstress' great sword and shot right toward her head.

The glow of two eyes flickered beneath the hood.

With an inhuman reaction speed, the Sword Monstress curled her head away. However, the air pressure grazed her shoulder, causing her body to twirl backward.

BANG!

The Sword Monstress shot tens of meters backward, crashing into the walls of the tower.

All those standing in the area shot away, unwilling to get in Jilniya's way.

The sound of dripping blood sounded once the tower fell into another silence.

At that moment, everyone saw the same thing. The side of the Sword Monstress' cloak was torn away, revealing a now bloodied shoulder. However, what was the most shocking was that this Sword Monstress' so-called hunched back was actually a massive, oddly curved package larger than even the Sword Monstress herself.

With much of the cloak ripped away, it was easier to estimate the Sword Monstress' true size. In fact, she looked like quite a petite young lady. And with the way her black hair fell over her face, she even seemed somewhat enticing.

However, those thoughts of curiosity all vanished when the Sword Monstress raised her head.

In all their years, they had never seen such a grotesque sight. A ghastly infection ran across her face like the trenches of a muddy war. The scars were so inflamed that they even somewhat covered the portions of her face that hadn't been run across by them.

Colors of green, purple and even gross brown ran across them all. It all reflected beneath the light in a way that made the skin of all those who saw it crawl.

"… It's you!" Jilniya's gaze blazed.

The Sword Monstress used her sword as a crutch and pushed herself up. Under the gazes of everyone present, the wound to her shoulder rapidly healed. In the blink of an eye, other than the blood that still ran over her skin, it seemed as though she had never been injured at all.

Jilniya's pupils constricted. She remembered this ability, but it was even more potent than it had been in the past.

Unfortunately, it wouldn't matter. A dead person couldn't heal.

The Sword Monstress walked forward with an indifferent expression. The cloak she wore had nothing to do with a will to hide her face. If it was about this, she would wear a mask instead. Rather, the cloak was a convenient way to hide the curved box on her back. This was what she wanted to hide.

But, since it was out in the open already, it didn't matter much anymore. Since she had already made it to Brave City and the third phase was about to begin, keeping it hidden no longer mattered.

Jilniya's gaze flashed with a cold light.

At that moment, though, a person suddenly rushed into the Tower's first floor. In such a silent environment, especially when everyone had already arrived early, such an arrival caught the attention of many. Even Jilniya couldn't help but spare a glance.

A young man with handsome and sharp features shot inside, a wide grin on his face when he noticed the time hadn't quite hit zero just yet.

The young man seemed to be in a great mood. But, with his sharp senses, he seemed to realize that something was off about the atmosphere. After scanning the area, his gaze landed on two young women.

The young man's eyes widened.

"Aina --!"

The young man's expression suddenly changed. Any words he was going to say were cut off, his mind going blank.

Those who spoke about the details of this day in the future would remember it as the day they felt the most fear they ever had in their lifetimes.

Each and every person present felt as though their hearts had been gripped by a reaper, like bone cold waters had been poured into their veins, travelling through their bodies and leaving them completely paralyzed.

Out of her own control, Jilniya's body shot backward at the fastest speed she could muster, her heart thumping so hard that it felt like it might fly from her chest at any moment.

The young man vanished, appearing before the Sword Monstress in the blink of an eye. Only a rare few could even see how he moved, and even those who could felt as though he had become nothing but a streak of gold light.

He stood before the Sword Monstress, his eyes blazing.

In that instant, several collapsed to the ground, their visions turning black. The pressure was so suffocating that even many who managed to maintain their consciousness fell to their knees, tears of fear falling from their eyes.

"Who did this to you? I'll kill them all!"

A palpable aura surged out like a sea of blood, enveloping the tower's first floor. The young man's voice boomed, causing the air to quake and tremble beneath his rage.

For the first time, there was a ripple in the Sword Monstress' gaze.