Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Aina Brazinger… 18 years old…"

These words alone caused many to freeze.

An 18-year-old within the Fourth Dimension was completely unheard of on Terrain. When they thought back to how long Aina had managed to battle with Jilniya, their hearts couldn't help but tremble. Would they have been able to do such a thing at such a young age?

As surprised as those within the Tower were, those spectating from the outside were even more so.

Rie sat completely frozen. Even Heira's brows raised, a look of curiosity on her lovely features. However, her reaction didn't seem nearly as exaggerated as that of the others around her.

That said, this age was meaningless to the female. Reaching the Fourth Dimension at such an age couldn't be said to be amazing in her opinion. There were many who reached such a stage without even crossing into the double digits with their age.

Of course, this didn't factor in the fact that the Metamorphosis had only just occurred on Earth. For those as talented as Leonel and Aina, they could have reached the Fourth Dimension just as quickly had they been much younger when the Metamorphosis occurred.

Unfortunately, only those who knew they were from Earth were aware of this. However, it wasn't until now that they truly pieced together what this really meant.

Earth had begun its Metamorphosis barely a year ago. That meant that Leonel and Aina had gained such strength so fast…

Of course, many had practiced on Earth before the Metamorphosis began, and those who did included Aina. But, to practice without undergoing Metamorphosis was like swimming against a vicious tide. If anything, it made their accomplishments even more impressive. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Still, since the female didn't know all of this, this wasn't what had shocked her in the slightest…

"… Quasi Grade Five Dark Elemental affinity..."

Another bomb seemed to go off.

To now, the highest evaluation had been Medial Fourth Grade. To suddenly go up two levels was completely beyond anyone's expectation.

But, maybe the most shocking part was that it wasn't a three level leap… it was a three level leap.

Inferior. Medial. Superior. Perfection. Quasi.

However, the female still wasn't finished.

"… Medial Grade Four Empty Sword Embryo… Quasi Grade Five Ax Embryo…"

Heira's pupils constricted. Just one was already enough for her to sit up, but this was reaching territory where even she was beginning to feel impressed. And yet… the female still wasn't finished.

"… Medial Grade Five Life Elemental affinity…"

Jilniya, Wilas and Reynred stood frozen. Of all those here, their connection with Aina was likely the most complicated. The higher Aina's talent was, the harder their hearts clenched.

Is this why Aina dared to come here? Is it because she knew what would happen? Is this why she wasn't worried about them in the slightest?

How rare was this Life Elemental Force? They had never even heard of it before. At the very least, no Abode had ever appeared in Brave City for it…

What they didn't know was that just like the Dream Abode, such Abodes like the Life Abode appeared and disappeared at will.

The people of Terrain believed the Dream Abode appeared randomly, when the truth was that it only ever appeared when those with a small amount of affinity appeared.

The thing was that considering what Dream Force represented, it would of course appear more often. After all, anyone with an elevated sensory ability would have a small Dream Force affinity whereas someone with a Life Force affinity would be much rarer.

That said, the number of individuals who could use Life and Dream Force to a high level were about the same. Meaning, the rarity still leveled out to equal in the end.

To make the complex simple, the short of it was that everyone had a consciousness and many had a stronger consciousness after undergoing a Metamorphosis. But… while everyone had Life, not everyone had an elevated amount of it and even less had such high affinity…

But, somehow, the female still wasn't finished.

"… Perfect Grade Five Blood Elemental affinity…"

Silence reigned as Aina removed her palm. Her expression didn't have any fluctuations upon hearing any of this.

But, at that moment, there was a sudden burst of clapping. The issue was that it was only from one person.

Leonel grinned and clapped enthusiastically, causing Aina to blush and glare at him. But, Leonel continued to clap as though he didn't notice.

The females gaze locked onto Aina, it never leaving. In fact, the gazes of the two males seemed to have awakened at that moment. From their lazy appearances, they stood up straight, their gazes burning.

It wasn't Aina's numbers alone that shocked them so much, it was the numbers in combination with the curse chaining her. If that curse was lifted…

On the outside Rie was pouting. "… He didn't cheer like that for big sis."

Heira smiled bitterly hearing Rie's words. She could tell that Rie didn't intend anyone else to hear these words, but with their strength, how could they miss it? Once again, City Lord Keafir sent a questioning gaze toward Heira who could only try to dodge it.

City Lord Keafir really didn't know how to deal with this daughter-in-law of his. Traditionally speaking, he should be in a higher position in comparison. Yet, he felt as though he was on an equal playing level with this daughter-in-law of his. And, worst of all, he could subtly feel that she was lowering herself to allow him such ease of mind.

In the end, he could only drop the topic once again.

…

Within the Tower, Leonel grinned as he watched Aina step down. Though she kept avoiding his gaze, he didn't mind.

Others, though, found it hard to believe that the Sword Monstress was even capable of being embarrassed.

Leonel stepped forward, hopping onto the elevated platform. Though the three figures all locked onto him, he didn't particularly care. He was happier with Aina's result than he would ever be with his own.

The female didn't like Leonel very much. Who would like someone who aimed killing intent toward them? But, she still went ahead with the examination with her usual apathetic gaze.

However… She would become frozen just the same.

"… Morales?" The female trembled.

When she saw the list of affinities, her mind went blank.

Leonel Morales. 19 years old. Quasi Grade Six Empty Spear Embryo. Inferior Grade Six Complete Bow Embryo. Perfect Grade Six Light Elemental affinity. Perfect Grade Six Variant Earth affinity. Perfect Grade Six Star Elemental affinity. Quasi Grade Seven Fire Elemental affinity.

Perfect Grade Nine Dream Elemental affinity.