Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Miles stepped to the edge of the walls, taking a deep breath. A strong surge of Force whipped around him, forming rainbow-colored clouds around his body.

The rainbow clouds continued to grow in size, blanketing the area around Miles at ever-increasing speeds.

As the battle below raged on, it was hard for anyone to take notice of such a phenomenon. Many weren't qualified to do so. Though rainbow clouds should have been something that captured the awe of all, the truth was that most didn't have the affinity necessary to sense them because…

They were formed of Dream Force.

By this point, it couldn't be more obvious why it was that Miles' ability was useless against Leonel. The former had an ability reliant on a Force that practically bowed down to the latter.

The clouds eventually grew from covering just a few tens of meters to over several hundred. Very quickly, it covered over a kilometer.

Miles had been able to cast an illusion over tens of kilometers worth of city. This much was most definitely possible for him. The only question was whether or not he would have the time he needed to do it.

But, there were two things working in his favor. The first was the Invalids were too far from him and most of them likely weren't even aware of what he was doing. And, the second reason was as the Descent of the Fourth Dimension accelerated toward completion, Miles could slowly feel his ability strengthening and growing.

Now, whereas it would have taken him several hours to reach this level in the past, it only took him a little over half an hour to reach this point.

Miles' gaze flashed open, the troops below were still battling, but they had fallen into a stalemate. But, this was perfect, this was exactly the situation they wanted.

The reason they were in a stalemate wasn't because their momentum had stalled, but rather because they were pacing themselves to maintain their stamina for a final push.

Within the vanguard, Milan, Joel and Raj manned the core. Joel became their main source of attack, Milan was their defense, and Raj was their crowd control. They worked together seamlessly, waiting for the perfect opportunity to lash out.

On the football field, and in any sport, for that matter, momentum was an important but abstract concept. Yet, as a team that rarely if ever lost, the Royal Blue squad had a perfect grasp of it. When it was time… they would be ready.

The rainbow clouds blanketed the battlefield at that very moment. For the first time, the troops could see them clearly.

The Invalids began to act erratically, their senses being completely cut off.

Miles' ability had many different uses. Just like Simeon, he was able to slowly learn about it over time and refine it.

Though he could weave intricate illusions, doing so used too much of his stamina and took even more time. However, if he broke down the illusions into their individual parts, he was able to gain sometimes even better results for a smaller sacrifice.

For example, it was possible for him to target particular senses.

In order for an illusion to work, Miles had to ensure that all five senses were accounted for. Whether it was touch, smell, sight… it all had to be perfect or else the illusion could collapse.

But, likewise, this meant that Miles could hone in on specific parameters and tweak them to his liking,

He could target touch and make the same amount of pain feel ten times worse. He could target scent and force even the most veteran of hunting dogs into a corner. He could target sight and make a person feel as though they had been blinded, never to see anything ever again…

This was what abilities could do. The possibilities were endless as long as one had the creativity and talent to accomplish it.

When Miles experiments were taken to their logical extreme, he created an entirely new technique. And he called it…

"Sensory Domain."

Miles' gaze blazed.

Within his Sensory Domain, everyone was under his control. He could strip a person of all their feeling. Their sense of touch, sight, hearing, smell and even taste, he could snatch them all.

And that was exactly what he did.

In that instant, the Invalids became a complete mess. They couldn't see what enemies they were targeting, they couldn't hear where they were coming from, either. Only those who had relatively sharp senses could use their sense of Force to make out where the troops were and target a general direction, but even then, there were too few of them.

'If I could cut of proprioception and the ability to sense Force, I would be undefeatable…'

[Author's Note: Proprioception is the ability of a person to tell where their body parts are in relation to one another. If someone lost this ability, even walking would be impossible. Doing practically anything would be impossible, actually. Well, not impossible, just very, very, very difficult]

Miles ambition seemed endless. Even with such a powerful ability, he wasn't satisfied. However, he had done his part.

"Commence Phase Three!"

Miles barked out order after order. Everything was going smoothly. In fact, any dissatisfaction the Commander had had after having his post stolen was wiped away. Miles' commands were perfect and well timed.

It was clear that there were no pushovers among noble Heirs…

The Fort gates opened once again. But, this time, a worker's crew of engineers shot out instead of a group of warriors. They all hung on to the sides of trucks packed to the brim with several steel cases.

The trucks came to a stop quickly and the engineers all rushed out, opening box after box. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Very soon, it because obvious what they were doing. They were building something.

Those with the knowledge could tell exactly what these 'somethings' were as well…

Force Disruption Towers!

If the Third Phase succeeded, the Invalid army would be finished. Having to face the brunt of human technology without Force only led toward one path…

Death.