Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The soldiers manning the Fort walls were completely caught off guard. None of them seemed to have proper measures to react. Before anyone could even begin thinking of counters, the white wolf had already landed atop the walls.

A strong paw swept across, taking a troops of over dozen out in a single attack.

Blood and screams of agony rained. Some fell from the walls, but even those who were lucky enough to land upon it felt as though every bone in their bodies had been broken.

Just like that, the proudest feature of the Fort was conquered. What was such protection worth if took just a single leap to circumvent?

"Give me a damned gun." Miles barked, snatching the Commander's rifle.

Miles' gaze shone with a vicious light. The situation seemed bad, but it also represented an opportunity. This stupid beast didn't realize that the moment it jumped to the walls of the Fort, it had entered the range of the Force Disruption Towers they had already set up.

This ultimately meant that not only was it mostly restricted to only using its physical strength, but it also meant that true 25th century technology could be rolled out.

"Execute Plan B! Bring out the weapons!"

The Commander regained his bearing beneath Miles' orders. Though he was a military official, the truth was that due to Royal Blue Province's special locale, most of its military personnel were admirals. Their experience with ground combat was limited.

However, as an Heir to a Governor Duke family, Miles had been trained in all sorts of matters since his youth. Regardless of the situation, he would be ready.

Beneath Miles' orders, everyone quickly regrouped.

Down below, the army of Invalids, led by the 12 ice guards, began to launch an assault against the Fort walls. But, Miles focused on the situation at hand.

At the rate they were going, it would take them several hours to breech the walls. But, the white wolf Invalid was an immediate problem.

Miles knew that his ability was useless against the white wolf. Plus, beneath the influence of Force Disruption Towers, his ability was also far more difficult to deploy. Since that was the case, he would rely on modern technology.

This was the advantage Earth had in comparison to other worlds. The number of geniuses born to this world allowed them to reach a level of strength that should have been impossible for a Third Dimensional world. Even as an infantile planet, they weren't pushovers.

A tide of black uniformed tactical units surrounded the white wolf from all sides, a rain of bullets falling upon its pristine white coat.

Compared to the past, the pain the Variant Invalid felt couldn't be considered on the same level. Without the restrictions placed on technology, its tough coat was being continuously pierced.

"ROOOOAAARR!!"

The Variant Invalid tried to call upon the elements to strengthen itself once again. But, it found that the amount it could call upon had reduced by more than half.

In response, it rumbled a low growl, sweeping out a paw with the strength it did manage to gather.

"SHIELD!"

A captain roared out.

The tactical units moved forward like a well oiled machine.

Holding out black, hexagonal shields, the kneeled down shoulder to shoulder and slammed them into the ground. A fluctuating electricity soon followed soon, covering the surroundings in a pale blue shield that quaked beneath the strike of the white wolf.

"50% depletion!" A frontline soldier roared.

"Swap!" The captain replied instantaneously. "Fire!"

The operation seemed seamless. A cycle of defense, offense, and recharging. Shield units swapped out their energy cells. Attack units continuously reloaded. Their various captains handed down orders in a practiced and timely manner.

It was clear that these tactical units were far better than the seamen had been.

The white fur of the Variant Invalid finally began to be covered in patches of red, its blue eyes flickering with fury.

It wanted to jump down the walls and toward the city below, but it found that the restrictions on its ability were even more severe in that direction. At the same time, its pride didn't allow it to retreat.

…

Leonel reappeared on the same collapsed building he had been on before. But, this time, there were dozens of new faces around him. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

However, none of them spoke.

Though Leonel had saved them, they all still had family within those walls. Leonel knew he couldn't very well leave things be. Even if his teammates didn't have anyone else to care for, Leonel couldn't very well allow so many innocents to die just because he hated the actions of a few.

This Fort represented all the remaining human population of Royal Blue Province. If this Fort fell, it would mean the end of anything that once represented this prosperous place. Leonel couldn't allow that to happen.

However, what Leonel hadn't expected was for the Fort to perform so well

After a while, he realized that he had really overthought things. This was ultimately The Empire they were talking about. The fact the Province was still in this state even after a year wasn't because they were weak, but rather because they had put all their effort toward building the Capital Province back up.

In addition, all Variants had been recalled to the Capital as well. If it wasn't for what happened, he and Aina would have been sent to the Capital as well.

It could be said that Leonel had yet to meet the true powerhouses of Earth when things are framed in this manner… Not that he would have to fear them, regardless, though.

'Fine, I'll let them repel this Variant Invalid first, then go to reclaim the interest I'm owed.'

What Leonel didn't know at this point was that these matters wouldn't end so simply. Miles might have been setting up his own plans, but there were other intelligent minds at work as well.

Variant Invalids weren't so simple as they seemed. But this was only one aspect of the puzzle.. Maybe, just maybe, the Variant Invalid wasn't the main villain of this story.