Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's frown deepened as he watched the Slayer Legion's forces move in.

'This is likely the best chance they have to take down this Fort. If I was making the decisions and was desperate enough, I might choose to attack now as well.'

If Leonel was participating in the operation, he would feel more confident in the success. But, the main problem was that he wasn't and he also didn't trust the Slayer Legion to protect the innocents that might get swept into this situation.

The fact that they chose to attack now instead of waiting until the Invalids below dispersed told Leonel one very obvious thing: They wanted to use the Invalids to their advantage.

If Leonel was leading this charge, he would wait until both the white wolf was killed and the Invalid army it had been driven away. Only then could he minimize any potential casualties. But, whoever was leading these troops obviously had no intention of doing this.

'These bastards…'

Leonel's expression flickered with rage.

…

On the Fort walls, Miles finally let go of a rock that had been weighing heavily on his chest.

"Subdue it!" Miles commanded.

The Commander beside Miles looked toward him in shock, but eventually disseminated the orders. This was indeed a good opportunity.

The Capital had likely long since begun its research on Invalids. But, whether they had caught a Variant Invalid just yet was unknown. After all, they were rare creatures to begin with. The fact one appeared on Earth just went to show the level of talents that could be born here.

Whether they traded this Variant in for merit or if they kept it to get a leg up themselves, both were viable options. Most importantly, Miles believed that such an important piece would definitely cause his father to pause in his resoluteness to abandon his first Heir.

"Junior Governor Duke! We have enemies approaching!"

Miles froze, his heart plummeting once again.

They still hadn't dealt with the Invalid army below. The damage to their defenses by now was definitely not negligible. If they had to deal with more armies, there would most definitely be a major problem.

Was it more Invalids? A beast horde brought over by the explosions? Something worse?

"Give me information! I need numbers and an estimate of their strength." Miles relayed his orders. But, what he learned left him stunned on the spot.

Those charging toward them now weren't Invalids or beasts at all, but rather humans. In fact, they seemed to have a prototype of a mobile Force Disruption Tower moving along with them.

From a quick analysis, the technology that this troop of humans was using fell into the 22nd and 23rd centuries. This could either be because this was their technological limitation, or, the more likely theory was that mobile Force Disruption Towers weren't as potent as immobile ones.

Regardless, the threat they presented was not small, especially now after a battle.

Procuring military goods after the Metamorphosis was incredibly difficult. Things that were once simply like mining and synthesizing material became large mountains to climb. This didn't even mention the most obvious fact that the population of Earth had been massacred by over 99%. They didn't even have the numbers they needed to sustain mass production and the machines they once used that could cover this weakness had restrictions of their own.

After such a massive battle, the reserves of the Royal Blue Fort had been depleted by over 80%. And, as if that wasn't enough, the remaining 20 or so percent they had left needed to be used to drive the Invalid horde below away.

At this point, of the 12 SSS-grade threats, only five of them had been dealt with. The current situation was terrible. They didn't have the means to deal with another threat at this very moment.

…

Within the formation of tanks, Joseph watched on from a cockpit, a deadpan expression coloring his visage. He steeled his heart, his only thoughts being of success. He didn't care what he had to do.

Damian watched on from the side, conflicting emotions swimming through his chest. But in the end, he too steeled his heart.

They knew of the events that happened months ago. This Fort was manned by a tyrant that bombed even his own people. Even if it meant sacrificing a bit more to save the majority, it would be worth it.

This Metamorphosis was the opportunity the Slayer Legion needed to finally overturn The Empire. They needed to take this chance.

Unfortunately, in all their thoughts of glory and patriotism, the two brothers forgot to think of one very important thing: How could they possibly be the only ones who thought of this?

The Slayer Legion seemed to be a massive power with immense strength behind it. Even if it couldn't compare to The Empire, not many things could to begin with. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

So, if what the brothers thought was true… Why would the Slayer Legion leave it up to two demoted brothers to conquer a Fort when the opportunity was presented right before them?

…

"The Slayer Legion?! They actually dare to attack us?!"

Miles was thoroughly enraged when he learned of who he was facing.

To a noble like him, the Slayer Legion represented nothing but the dregs of society. He really couldn't fathom what reason a person could possibly have to risk their lives to join an organization with no future to speak of.

There was no worse feeling than when an ant could pose problems for you. Miles had gone from a young Heir, to a person ostraciszed by his own father, to clawing his way back up little by little, just for an insignificant bug to be blocking his way in the final moments.

How could he not be infuriated?

"Man the canons!" Miles roared.

Unfortunately, the Slayer Legion had moved first. Since they dared to act so brazenly, how could they not have their own plans?

"In position?" Joseph asked without turning to his younger brother.

"… Yes." Damian spoke with a bit of strain.

"Do it." Joseph said coldly.

If Miles knew about Damian's ability… He would know that Leonel wasn't the only one who could move through the ground.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

A swarm of Invalids crowding the bottom of the walls suddenly imploded. But, worst of all, a large chunk of the wall's foundation went with it.

The steel alloy the walls were made of had been refined with hundreds of years of technology. Blasting through them with 22nd century tech was impossible. However, in their several months of observation, the Slayer Legion realized one thing: In the haste to build this wall as quickly as possible, its foundation was neglected.

If strategic points were targeted… it would collapse beneath its own weight… especially if it had already been damaged by a horde of Invalids first.