Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was like a blazing sun. It felt and even looked as though he was the central star of a world. Even the splintered steel walls around him began to turn a fierce shade of red, causing those Invalids who still tried to climb it in his presence suffer a fate worse than death.

This was none other than the manifestation of the female fire mage's domain. However, Leonel had come to understand that this couldn't be considered to be a true domain. The difference between it and his Chain Domain was subtle, but it was there.

From his communication with the dictionary, Leonel learned that this went by many different names. Some worlds called it a 'Style', others called it 'Martial Arts', some called it a Dogma or a Dao…

Ultimately, this was the final branch of what Leonel had categorized as this new world order's power system.

While there were many different magic systems with countless branches in between them, Leonel had ultimately broken down the over arching power system of the Dimensional Verse into just a few categories.

The first was one's ability. This existed outside of everything else and could often be considered to be a unique talent. In many cases, one's ability provided one with an affinity, but there were some cases where it didn't have to either. It was a special category that could often make or break one's level of talent.

The second category were Lineage Factors. This could be passed down to one from their parents or be a product of the future influencing the past.

The third category was Force. This category included neutral Force and Force Strengthening Deviations. There were countless methods of utilizing Force whether that be in hand to hand combat or even in Mage Arts.

The fourth category were Universal Cycles. This branch of the power system used the Universal Force to give an overall boost to one's fighting ability.

The fifth category was Soul Force or the mind while the sixth category was the strengthening of one's body, both of which Leonel had dabbled in.

From Leonel's current understanding, this 'Style' or 'Martial Arts' or 'Dogma' could be considered the seventh and final category.

This was a comprehension that could fuse one's power systems into one, boosting it and helping one execute it all to the greatest possible extent.

For example, Jilniya's 'Falls Style' was one that emphasized a relentless attack. When this Style was mastered, Jilniya was able to tailor her battle sense toward this particular Style, allowing her attack, defense and movement to display themselves as one seamless whole.

If the first six categories were branches, this seventh category could be considered one's foundation, the very roots that held it all together.

There were a countless variety of Styles.

The winged swordman's Style was one that emphasized the fluidity of motion, the fusion of one's steps with one's attack and retreat. It placed particular importance on speed, swiftness, flexibility and agility.

The bowwoman's Style was very similar to what Camelot knew as the General Star. For ease, Leonel referred to it as the General Style.

It was calculating and considered every point in battle as a piece of the whole. Every step, every breath, and every thought one had was meant to bring one closer to victory. This Style had no wasted energy and maximized efficiency.

The final Style, the Style of the female fire mage, was one that brought one to the extremes of heat. This person embodied flames to such a great extent that all the Fire Elements in the surroundings couldn't help but surround them.

In this way, it functioned more like the spell [Light Domain] rather than a true Domain. However, much like the Falls Style caused the sound of crashing waters to fill the surroundings, the Flame Style preyed on a sense as well, except this time, it was of one's touch rather than one's hearing.

The variations between Styles was endless and all encompassing. But, one thing that was true is that regardless of the Style, only a single one could be used at a given time unless they were fused together into a new comprehension.

This made sense. After all, how could one follow multiple Dogmas at once? One couldn't possibly have the Style of an office worker and an athlete at the same time, right?

At least that was the case for those who couldn't split their minds…

Still, despite the fact Leonel could break this rule, he didn't feel a need to. It drew too much on his Dream Force to do so. Plus, for such a situation… he didn't need to.

He continued to stand at the broken entrance of the Fort, his battle intent blazing. He had not a single intention of letting anyone through.

Joseph's gaze went blank.

He stared without words at his screen, watching as the two tanks fell into an explosion of fire and shrapnel. His heart felt as though it was being torn out of his chest.

"CAT!"

Joseph's devastated roar resounded through the cockpit.

The eyes of several of the drivers went red. Their canons aimed toward Leonel, their fury reaching untold heights.

They were all a family. Many of them came together when they were at a vulnerable place and had learned to lean on one another.

Cat wasn't just a woman, wasn't just a colleague, she was their sister. The same way Joseph was a father to her in many ways, she was a mother to others.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

Leonel's gaze remained blazing. He brandished his spear, drawing another line across the ground.

This one was even further ahead and was even deeper. He didn't speak this time because there was no need to. His meaning couldn't have been clearer. If they dared to come any closer, he would only kill more! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Joseph saw red. To his side, tears streaked down Damian's face. Though he didn't say a word and had clenched his jaw shut tight, the fury in his heart was no less than the others.

"FIRE!"

Leonel's gaze flashed with a cold light.