Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

A sudden flash caught the patrolling guards by surprise.

The location was a dark castle hidden within the depths of a mountainous region. It was designed so well that it seemed to blend into the jagged structure of the mountains around it, giving off a dark and sinister vibe.

It was safe to say that such a region rarely, if ever, received visitors. And, those who could use this teleportation platform were even rarer.

However, the guards were even more shocked when they realized that their two guests were… humans?

Any other guards would likely lash out with an attack by now. But, these guards were so used to doing nothing that they were stunned for a moment, not knowing how they should react.

At that moment, Leonel's vision cleared and he locked eyes on the two demon guards before him. Both of them were women dressed a bit too… scantily for a normal teenage boy to ignore. Of course, that was only if these teenage boys weren't Leonel Morales.

The two guards had pale violet skin and twin horns that came out from their seemingly delicate foreheads. As though that wasn't enough to complete the picture, they both had thin, devilish tails.

No matter how one looked at it, these two were a pair of succubi. Leonel couldn't imagine how Mordred thought to receive good quality protection from these two.

Leonel looked toward Aina and back before clearing his throat.

"Hello, I'm Leonel. Mordred asked to see me?"

Leonel rarely felt awkward socializing with others, but this was simply too much. Was this how he should be asking to see a Demon Empress that was feared by so many? Why did it sound like he was checking in at a doctor's appointment?

"Ah…" The two demon women looked toward one another, seemingly communicating about whether they should be attacking now or not.

Luckily, large doors off to the side of the quiet room suddenly opened, revealing the figure of a voluptuous woman with pale skin. It seemed as though the only hint of color on her body were her red lips. As for everything else, they seemed painted in black and white.

Who else could this person be if not the Demon Empress Mordred?

Mordred smiled, opening her soft lips to speak. But, she suddenly paused when she noticed Aina, her lashes fluttering as she blinked, a curious light in her eye.

Looking from Aina to Leonel then back, a sudden amused light colored her eyes.

"Leonel and Aina, correct?"

Leonel was stunned for a moment, then he remembered that Mordred had seen his life from start to end like he had hers. Even though this Aina didn't match up to his memories, with some context clues and an intelligent mind, it wasn't much of a problem to draw the proper conclusion.

Leonel smiled. "Demon Empress."

Mordred giggled. "You don't have to call me that, just call me big sis or Em."

Leonel coughed lightly. "Em it is, then."

Mordred only laughed more at this reaction.

"Come with me, I'll show you to some accommodations. I might as well act as a proper host."

Mordred left with Leonel and Aina under the stunned gazes of the two female demons.

Was this really their Demon Empress?

…

"Alright, you two can have this room."

After travelling through what Leonel could only describe as a dreary and dark castle styled after Earth's Victorian Era, Mordred finally stopped at yet another massive door.

This castle had a severe lack of normal sized doors. All the ones they had come across to this point were ten meters tall at the smallest and all had elaborate archways.

Seeing this door, however, Leonel began coughing again.

"… Just one room?"

Mordred sent Leonel a glance as though she was looking at an idiot. Even if someone was going to say that, shouldn't he have waited for Aina to speak first? Who was the real man in this relationship?

Aina didn't say much as she walked into the room, leaving Mordred staring at Leonel and shaking her head in disappointment.

Leonel went to scratch his head out of habit, but accidentally interrupted the nap of the little mink. In return, he received a strong swipe that left his hand aching.

Mordred pursed her lips and shook her head.

"Big Sis knows a lot about getting women. Stop being a pansy."

Leonel watched as Mordred walked away, completely speechless.

How was he a pansy? In fact, he sometimes felt he was a little too bold. How many people would confess so many times?

'… Maybe that wasn't so much of a good thing.' Leonel coughed silently to himself. If one had followed him for the last day, they'd probably assume he had a cold of some sort.

Leonel walked into the room after Aina, his head swirling with confusing thoughts. Was he really a pansy?

"Have a nice rest!" Mordred's voice came from the hallway. "We can talk about the rest tomorrow morning."

Leonel felt the door lightly click behind him. He didn't need to think to know that this was Mordred taking action again.

The first thing he saw was a massive bed. It was at least three meters in width and five in length. It was covered with a canopy that partially hid the other details at the same time.

The colors of the room were quite warm and much less bland than the rest of the palace. Mostly deep reds, violets and blues. It was quite easy on the eyes.

A light scent of roses hung in the air. It wasn't too overpowering, but definitely not subtle either. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

All in all, it felt like a meticulously sculpted room… for a couple.

Aina didn't seem to react much to this. She simply walked to the master bathroom and locked the door behind her, leaving Leonel to his own thoughts.

By the time she walked out half an hour later, Leonel was still standing in the same spot, trying to understand.

After a while, he looked up and smiled. "Need help drying your hair again?"

Hearing these words, Aina blushed slightly thinking about the last time.. But in the end, she still nodded.