Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When King Arthur saw Leonel walk in, he of course felt a complex swirl of emotions. For better or worse, he felt an even more visceral reaction than when he saw his daughter. But, maybe that made sense. After all, Arthur had clashed with Mordred many times before, it wasn't as though this was the first time he was laying eyes on his daughter in years.

In comparison, Leonel was like a beacon that awakened him in many ways. Of course, that was most exacerbated by the death of six of his brothers, but Arthur still felt that the initial catalyst was Leonel himself.

However, what Arthur hadn't expected was for Leonel to suddenly erupt with such killing intent the moment he stepped into the Royal Court.

At first, Arthur thought that this rage was aimed toward himself. But, he very quickly realized that from start to finish, Leonel had only swept a cursory glance over him. It was complete disregard, the very same disregard he felt when Leonel strolled out of his Kingdom without even attempting to hide his tracks.

Arthur couldn't help but feel an anger well up in his chest. As much as a person wanted to change, it was too difficult for a person to flip on a dime. It often took years of constant effort to undo what it took years to ingrain in the first place.

But, Arthur very quickly realized that this had nothing to do with him.

At that moment, a man with blazing red hair and eyes just as crimson frowned, looking up to find the fury Aina and Leonel were looking at him with. But, in truth, he was quite confused. He didn't know who these two kids were at all.

This member of the Brazinger family wasn't the only one who had come. By his side, there was a blond and golden eyed man. And, by this person's side there was a green haired and green eyed woman.

The last person was another than Leonel would recognize. A blue haired and blue-eyed man by the name of Matteus Adurna. He was the very same man who had led Little Nana and the others into the Camelot Zone. Now it seemed like he was back for whatever reason.

However, Leonel didn't spare him a single glance. His palm had already flipped over, revealing a bow that exuded a deathly sharp aura. He immediately locked onto the red haired man, causing the latter's expression to darken even further.

"Leonel!" Arthur panicked slightly.

He didn't understand what Leonel was doing and for what purpose. It was obvious that Leonel had some sort of animosity with this red haired man, but was it really so bad to take such immediate action?

Unfortunately, Leonel didn't even look in Matteus' direction, leaving him quite stunned. Much like Arthur, he thought that Leonel might have some animosity toward him as well, but the reality was likewise outside of his expectation.

The little mink reacted just as violently. Jumping from Aina's arms, it found its spot at the top of Leonel's head, its fur standing on end.

"Leonel!" Arthur roared, standing from his throne.

Even though Arthur was even somewhat thankful for Leonel, he couldn't allow a diplomat sent by another nation to be killed in his Royal Court. At least, this was how he saw those four. Regardless of what reason Leonel had, he couldn't allow him to act on them.

Leonel flipped another palm. As though he couldn't hear Arthur at all, he nocked an arrow, his senses locking onto the red-haired man.

It was only now that the man began to feel some pressure.

He stood from his seat, his heart thrumming. But, this wasn't out of fear. He simply activated his Lineage Factor, feeling his blood course through his body as he raised his strength to its optimal levels.

He didn't know why Leonel was targeting him, but he didn't care. He wouldn't allow himself to be killed even if there was a good reason.

"Leonel…"

Compared to the other voices calling out his name, this was by far the softest. Yet, it was the only voice capable of making Leonel's aura completely disperse.

Leonel looked over and down toward Aina, only to find her having regained her calm. She stood there, shaking her head.

"We came here to help Em, don't ruin things."

Leonel's brow furrowed when he heard this.

That was right. If he killed someone here, even if he had a good argument, it would be difficult to persuade Arthur to their side. Even though Guinevere was on their side, if her word was really final, Mordred wouldn't have been ostracized in the first place.

With what Leonel knew about King Arthur, he was already unlikely to agree with their proposal to begin with. If he didn't something to push him further away, things would only become more difficult.

Leonel's arm relaxed slightly, his gaze coldly locking back onto the red haired man as he lowered his bow.

Without a word, Leonel put his bow away and made his way to his seat. After taking his eyes off the red haired man, he didn't look his way again as he tried to calm the raging tide that was his blood. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But, a heavy aura hung around him. Aside from Aina who seemed unaffected, everyone else was, making it difficult for them to begin discussions.

A heavy silence hung over Royal Court. Many gazes were on Leonel, trying to figure out the reason for his previous outburst, yet the subject of their observation sat silently staring in no particular direction. However, judging by the look in his eye, it felt as though he could lash out again at any time.

King Arthur's face went cold as he sat back down on his throne. It hadn't escaped his notice that his wife hadn't sat by his side and had instead chosen to sit by Mordred. And now, Leonel had completely disregarded him.

It felt as though this throne he sat on was weightless. What the hell had he spent his whole life building? Was it really all meaningless?