Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel wasn't particularly angry at Matteus. Other than the time he ordered Little Nana to bind him, an action that almost cost him a spot to enter the Zone, his interactions with the man hadn't been all too bad. In fact, Matteus had even extended an invitation for him to join the Adurna family.

The issue here was that Leonel wasn't in a very good mood. And, having to listen to Matteus spin a fanciful tale Arthur and the others just gobbled up left him even angrier.

Compared to The Empire, Leonel hated the hidden families several times more. Even if it wasn't Aina in particular that had suffered at their hands, he would be disgusted by their actions.

Ostracizing a little girl and her father. Killing that little girl's mother. And for what, exactly?

Even to this point, Leonel wasn't exactly sure. But, judging by the fact everyone else of the Brazinger had red hair and eyes while Aina did not, someone as intelligent as him could connect the dots.

It was Eugenics.

Leonel had been surprised to see that all these families had the same eye and hair color initially. But, after a while, he came to understand just why this was.

Eugenics was a set of beliefs that ascribed to the idea of maximizing the gene pool quality of a population of people. They did this by massacring those not like them and ensuring marriages between those who could guarantee 'quality' children.

There were cases like this in ancient Germany with the Nazis and those with blond hair and blue eyes. There were cases like this from ancient America with White Supremacists. There were cases like this from ancient Africa with…

The list seemed endless and each instance was just as heart wrenching as the last. The practice was sickening. Leonel had this sort of visceral reaction he couldn't even control when he thought about it. He couldn't imagine deciding a person's worth by the way that they looked.

One might argue that it was more than skin deep for these hidden families. At least, compared to those ancient civilizations with disgusting practices, there was a tangible benefit to maintaining the purity of these families – that being their Lineage Factors.

However, this didn't change Leonel's mind in the slightest. Hadn't Aina still awakened her Lineage Factor? Hadn't his two parents still managed to pass down their own to him?

And, even if they couldn't… so what? The worth of a person had to be measured by their strength? They couldn't have anything else worthy about themselves? They couldn't have anything else to give?

The longer Leonel spent in this new world order, the more it disgusted him and the more that budding feeling inside of him seemed to sprout and germinate.

Matteus frowned upon hearing Leonel's words.

"Kid," Matteus began, "Though I'm thankful for the things you've done, this is a matter where I must represent all of our 'hidden' families. Even if you'd like to be angry, keep it within. A lack of maturity won't help you in these negotiations."

Matteus' words caused many to frown in Leonel's direction. His actions were indeed inappropriate considering the circumstances. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Mordred's gaze flashed with a hint of worry before she shook her head and sighed internally. She had already given up on her father, there was no need for Leonel to continue to try to stay within the arbitrary lines of political correctness. Since it wouldn't get them anything regardless, she might as well let Leonel do as he pleased.

Leonel nodded. "Painting me as a child who's in over my head is a good strategy. Maybe you could have used some of that intelligence before you were captured by Magus Aliard, or at the very least, you could have used some of your family's so-called great hidden strength."

Matteus froze, a hint of rage flashing within his eyes. He had never done anything too wrongful to this child, he didn't know why he was being so hostile.

In fact, originally, the red haired man was supposed to take the forefront and speak. Matteus took over this job to hopefully blunt Leonel's potential aggressiveness. But, what he had never expected was for it all to be meaningless. Leonel acted as though he didn't even recognize him.

As expected, the expressions of the court ministers somewhat changed.

It was only at that moment that they remembered that it had been Leonel who killed that traitor. In fact, Arthur hadn't recognized Matteus before because he was a puppet under Pope Margrave's control back then, but now that he thought about it, this was indeed that man…

In an instant, all the bravado that Matteus had brought forth seemed to crumble. First impressions were everything… if the representation of this Adurna family couldn't even protect his own life without Leonel's interference, then how powerful could they really be?

Mordred's eyes widened. Back then, she had been the one to fight the puppets the Adurna family members had become. She had almost forgotten this completely. Compared to Leonel's overwhelming strength back then, they were… just average.

Of course, that might have been due to the Margrave's puppeteering taking away their strength. But, the fact that Margrave could enslave them at all spoke volumes.

"The situation is very simple." Leonel continued with a steady voice. "Even if everything they said is true, you will still fall before the Fourth Dimension Descends. They're only trying to prey on your ignorance.

"The 'hidden' families might have higher Dimensional beings, but none of them can come to help you. Entering a lower Dimensional world from a higher is very difficult. And, even if you manage to accomplish it, you will be forced to deal with all sorts of restrictions. If you aren't a native of the world you descend to, the restrictions are even fiercer.

"So, at this very moment, these hidden families can only send out strength on the level of them." Leonel swept a glance over the four. "At least, on any sort of large scale.

"Yet, they've said themselves that they don't rely on 'technology', which means that unlike The Empire, they don't have a method of bridging this gap in strength.

"But sure… If you want to hand over all your secrets in exchange for protection that won't last more than a week, please have at it."

Leonel's voice plainly concluded before starting up again as though he had forgotten something amusing.

"Oh, and a reminder that I already comprehend everything about your magic system, more than even most in this room, actually. So, you should ask yourselves whether you trust someone who wants something out of you more, or if you'll take the word of someone who's only here to help a friend."

Leonel swept a pointed glance over Arthur. His meaning couldn't have been more clear.

Will you choose 'benefits' again this time? Or will you choose kinship?