Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It had been several weeks since the disappearance of Leonel and Aina. By now, those who had spectated the Brave City trials were well aware that these two youths would not have to participate.

Of course, many had an understanding of exactly what this meant. For these two to be personally escorted by the overseers and then disappear, there was a high likelihood that both Leonel and Aina were given the rights to directly enter Valiant Heart Mountain.

Unfortunately, there was nothing the others could do about this. Without a choice, they could only continue to follow the proceedings, hoping to gain a spot for themselves.

Still, this was the real world. Hopes and dreams couldn't be manifested at will, nor could strong desires make one more talented or wield more power. The so-called 'geniuses' of Terrain fell one after another beneath the trials and it very much seemed as though this would be a repeat of every other year prior where not a single person was selected.

However, it was exactly then that a young man stood out.

The story of Anared Kaefir, the Heir to the Kaefir City Lord title was quite an interesting one. Since his youth, he had always been known as the genius of Terrain just as much as he had been known for his insane tendencies.

He was a man who protected his little sister to a fault and was even quite protective of his little sister's best friend as well, though she could be a bit of a ditz. However, the truth was that Anared had always been within the realm of understanding for those of Terrain.

Though he was lauded and praised, he was ultimately just one of a long line of geniuses that wouldn't amount to much at all in the Dimensional Verse. Terrain was too small, the talents it could produce were too weak, and the starting point of those talents it did manage to produce were too low…

With these shackles on his future progress, Anared participated in the last Brave City trial. Without suspense, just like all those who came before him, he failed.

The memory was still quite vivid in the eyes of those who had witnessed it all.

There were a total of eight trials to complete. In order to be accepted into Valiant Heart Mountain as the lowest tier disciple, it was necessary to pass at least the fourth. But back then, Anared only managed to make it halfway through the second trial.

The trial was a sea of wooden puppets. The only task was to make it from one side of the room to the other, but for so many, it was a trial they would never pass.

As a mere King back then, Anared scratched and clawed, his eyes a furious shade of red. Even when he was forcefully pulled out of the trial by the overseers at that time, his gaze was still wholly focused on the goal ahead of him. He looked like he would rather die than not make it to the other side.

It was impossible to tell what his motivation was. Who could read the mind of a madman?

Did he just want to get stronger? Did he have something to protect? Something he wanted to accomplish?

No one knew.

But those red eyes and the way he clung to the broken hilt of his sword was seared into the minds of all those who watched that day.

After failing the trial, it became hard to hear of Anared again. All people knew was that he went off to travel for several years, even missing the next entry to Brave City. Many thought he had given up due to that… But, no one blamed him.

He was a talented young man who went to see the world and even managed to come back with a beautiful wife. There was no doubt that Heira was a preeminent beauty of Terrain. Not only this, but she also had the refined demeanor of a lady.

But, what no one expected was for Anared to participate in this one as well. Not only for him to succeed… but for him to completely out perform his previous limitations.

Many thought that Anared was at most on par with the other Emperors. In fact, due to the way he reacted when the other Emperors came to apply pressure to his Sector, many confirmed this belief.

But, once again, no one could get a read on the thoughts of a madman.

He crossed the third trial and faced the fourth. Many Emperors of the past had reached this level but could never clear it. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

It was a trial that tested one's movement speed and flexibility, a death obstacle course of swinging blades and shadow-hidden assassins.

Yet, Anared crossed it with ease. With a sword in his hand, his movements became like flowing water.

Even as the other Emperors failed at this step, he crossed into the fifth trial, then the sixth.

In the end, under the astonished gazes of all those around him, Anared made it through the seventh and almost all the way through the eighth before he was forced to stop.

Beaten and bloodied, he stood on the final eighth floor, the jagged bladed ax of a giant having stopped just before his neck. Even at that moment, a defiant look blazed within his eyes. He kept looking up at the giant as though he still wanted to hack it to pieces. It was clear to anyone who saw him that he was still unsatisfied with his result.

Zilar watched on from afar, his hands tightly gripped around his broken spear shaft. He hadn't even been able to pass through the first trial. No amount of fire in his gut or will in his soul could help him overcome his lack of talent at the moment.

All sorts of complex feelings shook his core as he watched Anared proceed to where no one of Terrain had ventured before. It was as though watching Anared do it gave him even more determination to do it himself. He too would reach that level one day, he too would shock everyone with a single feat.