Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Anared calmly received his spatial ring, the sword hovering to his back still singing. It was clear that his battle intent was still roaring, but there was no longer a trial to face. He had failed to clear the final hurdle.

After a few words from the overseers, everyone was ejected from Brave City. Another round had come to an end, it would be several more years until Brave City opened up its tall, bloodthirsty gates once again.

…

Days later, within the Kaefir family City Lordship, a meeting was taking place. But, if those who understood the relations between the City Lords saw this meeting, they would be shocked out of their wits.

Not only was the forever lone wolf Black family City Lord present, but even the Swan family City Lord who had always butted heads with the Kaefir family was present!

To make matters more shocking, this was just one of the usually estranged or clashing relationships in the room. City Lords from all over Terrain were gathered, each one with a complicated network of relationships with those around them.

Yet… each and every single one of them had set aside their differences to appear at this meeting.

The setting was a room reserved for grand banquets. Elaborate chandeliers hung in the air, long tables that extended for tens of meters seated those numbering in the several dozen, while the decorations were designed to impress.

Though this wasn't the most appropriate location for such a meeting, it was the only place that could house so many important characters.

It wasn't that there were hundreds of City Lords on Terrain. In fact, there were only a dozen. The main issue was that none of these City Lords, due to what was at stake, would want to appear here unguarded and unprotected.

The luck of it was that since these City Lords had brought their entourages to Brave City in the first place, they wouldn't draw the attention of those they wanted to hide their actions from. In fact, the fact they had all appeared in such a large banquet rather than slinking off sneakily made this even less of a matter to pay attention to.

Of course, there was one other big reason this would work despite how foolish it was…

They all had a reason to attend this banquet. And, that reason was provided to them by the success of Anared Kaefir!

City Lord Kaefir stood from his hosting position, a confident smile on his face. Even his full beard couldn't hide the grin on his lips.

"You all know the rules."

These were the first words the City Lord said. As for what the 'rules' were, only they knew that.

"Since my son has met the goal we all set, I will be taking the lead of this operation as previously agreed upon. I hope that there would be no rejections to this, right?"

The banquet hall remained silent.

They weren't fools. They knew that anyone who rocked the boat now would be immediately executed, City Lord or not. It was precisely because of how volatile this seemingly genial atmosphere was that they all brough their guards despite the lack of secrecy that could cause. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It was only with the status provided by Anared that they could execute this operation with less worries. As such, it was only right the Kaefir family took the lead. It was just unfortunate that none of their own Heirs could have the same accomplishments.

Hearing such words, the various guards and lesser vassals of the City Lords looked around in confusion. What they didn't know was that the so-called 'rules' were exactly in place to cause this sort of vagueness and unassuredness.

This operation had been being planned for years. Actually, it was more accurate to say that it had been decades.

In all this time, this was the very first instance in which all the City Lords had come together. In fact, this was the very first time they all had a direct line of communication with one another.

Other than City Lord Kaefir, the others hadn't even been sure that all the City Lords would participate. It was only now that they were all certain that everyone was on board.

But, it was exactly this secrecy and this slyness that gave the City Lords confidence. There were eyes and ears everywhere, especially in this era of abilities.

It could be said that City Lord Kaefir had proved himself. Even if Anared had failed, they would have still elected him to be the leader of this operation…

This operation was too important to them. It could be said that even in the case of Anared failing, they would have moved forward regardless. When it came to matters of life and death and the futures of their coming generations, they had to be prepared.

"Good. I want everyone to be ready to move out within the month."

…

The month quickly came and went.

The City Lords had been prepared to move out any day for the last five years already. Let alone being prepared within a month, they had long since primed themselves.

Among these twelve City Lords, there were four women. And, among these women, there was one with a very complicated relationship with City Lord Kaefir.

Though the common people didn't dare to spread rumors about City Lords, what was to stop the City Lords themselves from doing so?

It was said that in their youth, this City Lord White was once a lover of City Lord Kaefir. However, for whatever reason, City Lord Kaefir married another who gave birth to his current son and daughter.

According to the rumors, City Lord White visited the Kaefir City Lordship just once in the last 30 years… And it was said that she brought a baby along with her back then… But, when she left, that baby was no longer on her person.

Regardless of whether those rumors were true or not, City Lord White had long since returned to her city.. The thoughts of all those years ago had long since been thrust from her mind.