Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The feeling of hundreds locking onto you, each without any other expressed goal than to taste your blood and reap your life… It was something Leonel had experienced before within the Merlin trials.

But, there was something different about facing so many beasts. They didn't have a semblance of humanity, not an ounce of reason. There were no words he could use to get them to pause, nor were there any looming timers or rules he could use to pull himself out of this situation.

It couldn't have been a more primal sense of fight or flight. It was either he defeated all of these enemies or escaped them, if not… he would die.

Leonel suddenly felt a wave of interference play against his [Light Refraction] spell, distorting it. In the blink of an eye, it became a useless decoy hanging in the skies, exposing him to the senses of thousands.

A shudder ran through Leonel's spine.

This hadn't happened because he was careless or even because he had run out of energy. This was an ability.

'The birds…!'

All this time Leonel had had the thought of being careful at the back of his mind. Though it was somewhat more difficult for a unit of warriors to use their abilities as freely in such a structure where the power of the whole was more important than the individual, Leonel knew that unexpected abilities were one of the things he had to pay attention to the most.

In this aspect, Leonel was perfectly correct. The actions of White Knight Diore proved as much without a shadow of a doubt.

What Leonel didn't expect, however, was for the abilities of the predator birds to be maybe even more important.

All this time, Leonel had been so focused on their menacing exteriors that he never considered the fact their internal abilities were what truly should have struck fear in him.

Leonel rapidly retreated, placing his body almost parallel to the ground as his jet-black surfboard sent him soaring backward.

He quickly pulled out the dictionary, using the base of the surfboard to hide his actions.

"Those birds, what are they and what are their abilities?"

[*Ping*]

[Replying to Seed, these birds are a sub-species of specially bred Decoder Beasts known as the Jagged Beak Predator Ravens. They are known for two main abilities, one related to their oddly shaped beaks and the second related to their pupils.] Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

[Jagged Beak: Ability to disrupt Force organization]

[Predator Pupils: Ability to disrupt Force organization]

Leonel's heart trembled.

The drawing of Force Arts was a delicate operation. Every Force Art type was a different language that spoke in a different way. But, in order to convey a certain message, it had to be exceptionally particular. This much was proved by when Leonel modified Camelot's Force Art in order to draw them faster. Doing just this small action caused the strength of these Force Arts to plummet.

This was all to say something very simple. If these Predator Ravens could disrupt the organization of Force Arts… then spells were all but useless against them!

Leonel now understood why it was that these birds were sent as the centerpiece of the first attack. Any large scale formations Camelot wanted to put up to protect themselves would be absolutely useless before them.

Even though the Predator Pupils were weaker than their Jagged Beaks in formation breaking, when 500 of them stared at a single point, what chance did a formation stand? And, beyond that, what if they began attacking that already weakened point with their beaks?!

KKKWWAAAAAA!! KWWWWAAAAAAA!!

Leonel's expression changed. His Internal Sight swept out, only to find that the distance between him and the flock of Predator Ravens had already halved. Their speed was inconceivable and clearly far beyond what his surfboard could muster. Maybe if it wasn't for the heavy crossbows still strapped to their backs, they would be even faster!

Leonel locked eyes with the commander in the midst. He still stood tall, his hands clasped behind his back and his black robes fluttering wildly beneath the speed of his Predator Raven.

In truth, White Knight Diore was inwardly surprised despite his indifferent expression.

For one, he recognized Leonel. They would be foolish to not know of the talents of Earth before coming to invade them, but even beyond that, even if it wasn't about invading Earth, he would have heard of Leonel. After all, the rumors of him joining Valiant Heart Mountain without having to pass the trials had already spread like wildfire.

But, this was only a secondary reasoning. What shocked him the most was that despite 500 Predator Ravens locking onto Leonel at once, all they managed to do was distort Leonel spell. Had it not been for Leonel dispelling the Mage Art himself, Khaled might still be looking toward a distorted image of Leonel.

The White Knight narrowed his eyes.

This was good. Now that Earth had evolved into a Fourth Dimensional world, those who were born within it should be experiencing a evolutionary growing phase right now. Within the next few weeks to months, many of Earth's greatest talents would experience explosive growth in their abilities.

This was why it was so important for them to be swift in their approach. This wasn't only about keeping the element of surprise, but it was also about ensuring that Earth didn't get any more chances to grow.

Earth didn't have the foundation of cultivation. All they could rely on was technology and their gifted abilities. The evolution to the Fourth Dimension would already guarantee the near uselessness of technology, so they only had the latter to worry about.

With a talent like Leonel before him, how could Khaled possibly allow him to live? Leonel was most definitely one of the greatest roadblocks standing between them and claiming this world for themselves.

How fair was it for Earth to have so much potential and for Terrain to have reached the end of its own? How fair was it for them to have to scratch and claw for everything while the people of Earth could be gifted the world? How fair was it for them to have to deal with people of their own world that would rather be the dogs of others rather than forging something for themselves?

The truth was that there was no fairness in the world. Since that was the case, they would snatch what should be theirs themselves.

And in White Knight Diore's mind, killing Leonel was the first step.

"Swarm him to death."