Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The instant Lionus had left the range, the treasure vault became a violent storm of swirling ores.

Leonel sat at the very center of it all, in silent meditation. Ores swooped inches from his body at speeds that surpassed a bullet, yet he didn't flinch. How could he? They were all in his control to begin with.

If others were watching on, they would find that the disorganized store of Ores was very quickly tending toward disorganized order. Then from there, it very quickly became completely tidy.

Beads of sweat fell down Leonel's brow. Without a choice, he activated his Bronze Runes. This instantaneously made the control of the metals around him several times easier even to the point that the speed they whizzed around the room with even accelerated.

It should have been impossible for Leonel to control so many Ores at once. At the very least, he shouldn't have been able to guarantee that they didn't crash into each other. After all, Leonel could split his mind more than a dozen ways, but it definitely wasn't to the point of being able to do so hundreds of ways.

Rather, Leonel used a much cleverer method. He drew a map of the treasure stores in his Dream World, rebuilding a three dimensional construct. Then, he color coded pathways for the Ores to follow, ensuring that these pathways rarely, if ever, crossed.

Almost as though he was playing a game, Leonel sorted these Ores one after another. This way, all he had to do was focus on ensuring that the Ores always stuck to these pathways and it was not necessary for him to split his mind more than a dozen or so ways, each for a different kind of Ore.

Very quickly, Leonel spread out the Ores, arranging them into neat rows with clean roads between them. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The first division was in Ore types. There was a section for Foundational Ores, Veins Ores, Vessel Ores, Domain Ores and finally, the pile Leonel was most looking forward to, Evolution Ores.

Foundational Ores were over 70% made of Urbe Ores. Other Foundational Ores simply weren't as common or as useful. They had very specific use cases that made them almost useless. And, often times, their functions could be accomplished by Urbe Ore to an even better degree. So, other Foundational Ores were only used in rare instances.

The only Foundational Ore that made Leonel take a pause while observing it was Lava Rhombus Ore. It had only one functional use case: The fusion of Earth and Fire type Ores.

When hearing this, one can understand why such Foundational Ores were looked down upon. For one, Earth and Fire weren't opposing elements, Urbe Ore could allow their fusion easily, there was simply no need for this special use case.

However, Leonel, for obvious reasons, was intrigued.

While Urbe Ore could be used in every use case, it also required a high level of skill. Knowing exactly how to temper the Ore to receive the desired effect was the bane of many Force Crafters. These unique Foundation Ores, however, could be used in complex constructs to make them far simpler.

After separating out these five major categories, the rest was obviously down to the Elements and other unique cases like Soul Type Ores.

Once Leonel was finished, he looked back toward the smallest pile. Of course, this held the Evolution Ores.

There were actually enough for 13 portions of Essence. If Leonel combined this with the seven he already had, this meant that he could form two complete portions of Bronze Evolution Ore!

One had to remember that 10 Black Evolution Ores could form a Bronze Evolution Ore and that 100 Bronze Evolution Ores could form a Silver one.

Evolution Ores had two abilities. The first was fusing two Ores into a unique Ore never before seen. And, its second ability was to evolve an Ore to the next level. A Black Evolution Ore could evolve a Third Dimensional Ore into the Fourth, while a Bronze Evolution Ore could evolve a Fourth Dimensional Ore into the Fifth!

According to the speculations of Leonel's father, if one formed their Divine Armor's core with 10 Black Evolution Ores, it was theoretically possible to form a Quasi Fifth Dimensional Divine Armor while still being within the Fourth Dimension!

Leonel thought back to the Quasi Bronze Grade Ore he had found within the hive, Warping Domain Ore. If he made it the core of his Divine Armor, wouldn't he be able to cross that barrier and stand firmly within the Fifth Dimension?

Even if he couldn't, the effects would be so infinitely close to the Fifth Dimension that nothing within the Fourth Dimension would be able to withstand its impact.

Of course, this wouldn't be in terms of strength but rather in terms of function.

Though Leonel hadn't settled on the design of his Divine Armor, the one thing he knew for certain was that his Warping Domain Ore would be the center piece of it all.

Warping Ore was able to create an independent space that could make even a single step feel like an entire mile. Due to this, it was quite well known for its defensive abilities, but as Leonel learned more about Domains, he felt that they were far more flexible than this. The uses of Domain were as variable as the uses of an ability, it depended on a person's creativity to use it properly.

Now that Leonel had this entire warehouse of Ores available to him, the picture of his Divine Armor came into view. Rather than focusing on attack, defense, or elemental types, his plan would be very simple.

He would maximize his own speed while ensuring his enemies felt as though taking even a single step was almost impossible.

As Leonel looked through the various Ores, he felt a picture becoming clearer and clearer in his mind. And, the center of it all would be his Warping Domain Ore.

However, whether he would be able to accomplish the aspirations forming in his mind would depend on if he could build up the skill he needed.

While he had many types of Ores around him, there was just a single Warping Domain Ore. Spatial Type treasures were too rare, even to the point there were less than a dozen in this entire treasure store, and only two of which could match up to Warping Domain Ore in value…

In that case…

'Let's give this tiger wings.' Leonel's gaze blazed.

Maybe even Terrain could have never been aware that their greatest enemy would come in the form of a young man sitting cross legged on the floor of a vast treasure vault.