Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Though it might seem isolated, news of the war between Earth and Terrain spread like a wildfire throughout the universe.

It could be said that a world wasn't truly considered to be a part of the Dimensional Verse until it entered the Fourth Dimension. But, Earth in specific was wildly eyed by powerful entities due to its potential.

It was exactly because of this that war between two mere Fourth Dimensional worlds had suddenly become such a hot topic.

The truth was that though Earth was favored, it was the world itself that was, not its people. Who cared which citizens populated it as long as the world existed? In fact, many other Fourth Dimensional worlds were quite jealous of Terrain.

The truth was that Terrain was the only Fourth Dimensional world close enough to execute such a war plan. It wasn't by coincidence that Leonel and Aina could reach with a single talisman.

These words peeled back the requirements for such an invasion to succeed.

Firstly, two worlds had to exist on the same plane. It would be almost impossible for a Fifth Dimensional world or above to accomplish such a thing. Or, more accurately, the price they would need to pay to do this wouldn't be worth it. This was also why Terrain needed to wait until Earth evolved.

The second requirement was closeness. The universe was too vast, it would be impossible for another Fourth Dimensional world from a wildly different quadrant to even dream of attacking Earth.

Terrain happened to meet both of these requirements and now its actions were a hotly discussed topic.

But, while most of the universe was just observing curiously, there was a group of people that was infuriated: the Powers of Terrain.

If there was one group of people that was completely caught off guard by this, even more than the people of Earth, it was these Powers. In one moment, they were negotiating terms to sell themselves to a higher power, and in the next moment, half the value of their world was plundered and taken.

"Who's going to explain to me how this happened?!"

A thunderous roar shook Cliff's Edge Terrace.

"Stop all your yelling, is that going to get us anywhere."

"What did you say to me? Don't forget this is my territory, woman."

"Call me 'woman' one more time and I'll peel your tongue out from your lips. Care to try me?"

"Alright, alright. This isn't getting us anywhere. You're only wasting more time."

"Tsk, we should have known they were planning something like this."

"It was obvious that they were planning something, but attacking Earth takes some balls. I didn't think that they'd have the guts to do it."

Three individuals gathered. The male with a booming voice was the Head of Cliff's Edge Terrace, Head Solar. The woman was the Head of Mirage Pavilion, Head Mirage. And, the mediator of the two was the Head of World's End Falls, Head Falls.

"That's exactly what doesn't make any sense. Who gave them the guts? Do they have any idea how many hidden allies Earth has? Do they have any idea how many other powers are eyeing Earth? Do they have a death wish?"

"It seems like you're still the same idiot." Head Mirage sneered, her cherry lips parting in disdain.

"What did you say to me?!"

"Just think for a minute, blockhead. You think those people care about the people of Earth? Do you think there's such kindness in this world?"

"The talents of Earth only come from those born on Earth. And, even then, it isn't as though one can just go to a powerful world to birth a child and manifest a talent, or else everyone would do it! Obviously, the people of Earth are worth more than the people of our world even if we started popping out babies over there right this second!"

"You idiot, do you think you're the only one that knows that? Since you're still not getting it, I'll try to speak extra slowly."

Head Falls rubbed his temples and shook his head. But in the end, he couldn't be bothered to stop their bickering again.

"A first generation child is a baby which doesn't have a single parent from the world. They will gain at most a 20% blessing from the world and won't be gifted with all of its potential. The remaining 80% will come from where the baby's parents originated.

"If the baby has at least one first generation parent, they will receive 50% of the world's blessing and will be considered a second-generation child. This will be the same even if both parents are first generation, the percentages will not change.

"If the baby has at least one second generation parent, they will receive 80% of the world's blessing. Once again, this will be the same even if both parents are second generation.

"If the baby has at least one third generation parent, they will receive 90%. At fourth generation, it will be 95%. And, with a parent at the fifth generation, the baby will finally be considered a full blown native.

"It's at fourth generation where things change. At that stage, if both parents are fourth generation, then their baby will receive 100% of the world's blessing and also be considered a full native.

"Do you understand now?"

By this point, Head Solar wanted to explode. Did he look like a child? How could he not know these things? In fact, one of the most important things for a world to grasp after entering the Fourth Dimension and truly becoming a part of the Dimensional Verse was how to differentiate between immigrants and natives.

There was no small number of people who wanted to take advantage of more talented worlds. In fact, even Terrain had to deal with this, let alone Earth.

"Do you really think I don't understand any of this?!"

"Clearly you don't!" Head Mirage snapped. "Our world is the only one in position to launch attacks from Earth for the foreseeable future. By the time any other worlds can come in and taste a piece of the pie, do you really think five generations wouldn't have passed by then?!

"That's not even to mention the fact that there are plenty of fifth generation people on Earth right now! What's stopping them from being used like studs and sows?!"

Head Solar froze. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It seemed that this situation was far different from what he had imagined.