Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Head Solar calmed his rage and took a deep breath.

"So they're just taking a risk for a chance at survival? Fifth Dimensional worlds are much more common than Fourth Dimensional worlds. The number that would be in position to attack them is far more. Who's to say that with Earth's talent they'd even be able to establish themselves before they suffered the same fate?"

Though it was somewhat counter intuitive, after some thought it made more sense.

It was best to consider the universe like a bell curve. It wasn't necessarily so that weaker worlds were more common.

With the age of the Dimensional Verse, many worlds had had time to reach their potential. Due to the structure of things, the average talent of worlds was the Fifth Dimension. As such, the vast majority of worlds in the Dimensional Verse were within the Fifth Dimension.

Likewise, the number of worlds within the Fifth Dimension that could attack Earth were likewise much more.

If the Cities won this war, how long would they get to enjoy it? A few decades at most? With Earth's potential, they likely wouldn't even need a century to cross yet another Dimensional barrier.

"In fact, their situation is even worse than that." Head Solar sneered, suddenly thinking of something. "Even if they really used Earth's people like sows and studs, it would take years for those children to mature. In the meantime, would they have the talent necessary to ensure that Earth wasn't swallowed by spacetime?"

Talent was a double-edged sword. Though better talents would be born in such a world, their Zones were likewise more difficult and appeared more frequently as well. If those Cities failed to clear the Zones, Earth could very well be swallowed up.

Head Falls sighed.

"Your words aren't wrong, but only partially. I'm sure you remember what happened in Brave City this time, right?"

Head Solar froze again.

"The Heir of the Kaefir family was accepted as a disciple of Valiant Heart Mountain. It's with this added layer of protection that they dare to do this."

Head Solar frowned. "But doesn't Earth have that Leonel child?"

He heard from his son that there was a Leonel character who was accepted without even having to go through the trials. Wasn't Leonel's standing even higher than Anared's? How could this even count as protection.

"Yes, I've heard this as well. But, this protection is only useful if two conditions are met. The first is that they have to be worlds that Valiant Heart Mountain can directly act against.

"Secondly, they have to have officially joined and have to have high standing.

"Not only has this Leonel child not officially joined, but Earth's attackers are members of the Fourth Dimension. This is not something Valiant Heart Mountain can interfere in."

Head Solar sighed, slumping into his chair. Higher dimensional worlds couldn't interfere even if they wanted to. Not only would the price be high, but there were unspoken rules to think of. Wars between lower level worlds were usually observed with one eye closed and another open by these behemoths.

Only when the threats were of the Fifth Dimension would Valiant Heart Mountain begin to have some deterrence.

"They're banking on the Keafir family Heir joining in a few years and climbing up the disciple ranks?"

"… If only it were so simple." Head Falls sighed once again. "I have reason to believe that the Keafir family Heir's success has little to do with what benefits Valiant Heart Mountain can provide and much more about what his fiancée's family can…"

At this point, even Head Mirage who had long since grasped everything sat up.

"What do you know?" She asked straight forwardly.

"It's only my speculation…"

"Just speak, stop beating about the bush." Head Solar pressed.

They both knew about Head Falls' ability. If there were any deductions he could make, they would likely be very close to the truth.

In reality, it was mostly because of this that they were caught off guard by things. They were so used to Head Falls seeing through everything in advance that they never even suspected what might happen. Now, they had been caught with their pants down.

Head Falls took a deep breath. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"The appearance of Young Miss Heira is too mysterious. No one knows where she comes from, what strength she possesses, or what her goals are. All we know is that she is the fiancée to the Keafir family Heir, nothing more, nothing less.

"I contacted Shield Cross Stars to hopefully find out some information about her, but my contacts weren't able to get anything back to me."

The expression of the two Heads changed.

This realization didn't mean that Heira's standing was above Shield Cross Stars. This was almost impossible. After all, Shield Cross Stars was considered to be the police of the universe. There were few if any Powers that could ignore their influence.

What this truly meant was that Head Falls' contacts weren't able to get him the information he needed. Simply put, their clearance wasn't high enough.

This meant at least one thing for sure: Heira wasn't from a world weaker than the Fifth Dimension.

"However, they did let slip one thing. According to them, a notice for fugitives was put out. Suspicious entities in all Fourth Dimensional worlds within this Star Alignment were all marked with monitoring brands. But, most importantly… This order was requested by Young Miss Heira herself.

"As for what this means in totality, I'm not sure. But… It for certain means that this young lady has the influence or, at the very least, the net worth necessary to accomplish such a thing."

Head Solar's brows furrowed. "What are you trying to get at? I feel you mean something more by telling us how potentially powerful she is, correct?"

"Yes… Don't you think it's odd that not to mention the fact the two haven't gotten married, but they haven't even set a date for their wedding yet? Almost like… Almost like the Kaefir family Heir still hasn't proved himself yet?

"So, what kind of status would he gain once he did gain such acknowledgement? What if this acknowledgement is more important than any backing Valiant Heart Mountain could ever provide?"

The two Heads sucked in a cold breath before a deathly silence fell over the room.

"Then… What should we do?" Head Mirage was the one to finally break the silence.

Head Falls didn't answer for a long while. For a moment, the two thought that he might never respond at all. But, when he finally did speak, they felt a swirl of complex emotions were surging within them.

"… As things stand now, Earth still has a chance to defend itself. Though they're feeling the pressure, it isn't to the point their loss is guaranteed…

"… As the saying goes, delivering coal in the winter is better than delivering water to an already smothered flame. What chance would Earth stand if instead of half our world's strength, it faced the entire brunt?"

…

Head Falls left the meeting of Powers with a smirk on his face, a sharp glint lighting his eye.