Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

One would think that such a report would have landed on City Lord White's desk a long time ago. However, the City Lord wasn't the type of woman who enjoyed listening to reports on what she deemed as useless points. All she cared about was the result.

Not only had the Lin Barony fallen, but it had fallen within the time frame she had set. The number of soldiers she had lost were less important to her than the tasks they managed to complete.

This might sound like a maddening philosophy to have, even to the point where it dehumanized one's own subordinates, and even worse, could be seen as foolish, but it was clear that City Lord White didn't care about the optics of such things.

In the end, the result was an odd situation where City Lord White only learned about the passing of one of her White Knights over a week later.

Niya nodded. "Yes, City Lord. He died along with 511 Predator Ravens. During the siege of the Lin and Pervaux Baronies, we lost 37 of our 1022 men before managing to claim their territory.

"Soldier Kopp took over White Knight Diore's position and has been taking control of the law and order of the troops."

City Lord White waved a hand. "Why are you telling me all of this?"

Niya didn't seem surprised the City Lord White didn't care about all these details. In truth, she wanted to be out on the battlefield herself, but this was a war where White City was just a single gear in a working system. She couldn't do as she pleased. She had to follow the plans laid out by the Keafir family.

This left her feeling quite antsy and irritable. She only managed to keep things together since it was Niya who was speaking. If it was anyone else, they likely would have tasted 'Clara' by now.

And, the only reason Niya had such a pass wasn't because City Lord White allowed nonsense from her. Rather, it was because the City Lord was aware that Niya knew better than to waste her time. So, if Niya was bringing this up, it meant she had a very good reason to do so.

There was a reason Niya was the only one allowed to be so near the City Lord so consistently.

"According to a report sent by acting commander Kopp, White Knight Diore lost in single combat at the hands of a child by the name of Leonel Morales."

City Lord White's annoyed expression faded and she looked up at Niya.

Niya nodded once again despite the fact City Lord White hadn't actually spoken any words.

"There are three things that we have to pay great attention to during this war. The first is the interference of the hidden families. The second is the interference of Higher Dimensional worlds. And lastly, we have to pay particular attention to the wielders of the World Spirit.

"According to what is known, the second, third and fourth completers have well known identities. However, the first completer has yet to be found.

"According to our intelligence and deductions, there are three individuals who have the potential to be the first completer. One of these individuals is expressly this Leonel Morales."

City Lord White slowly stood.

The World Spirit, even in comparison to the interference of Higher Dimensional worlds, was the greatest potential variable of this world.

The good news was that the World Spirit should have been split into four parts. When in such a parsed situation, the abilities of the World Spirit were significantly nerfed to the point of practically having no use. This in addition to the fact the abilities of World Spirits were quite infantile at the early stages of such a world and it wouldn't be a large problem even if it was whole.

However, the World Spirit is what truly decided sovereignty over a world. Terrain had to ensure to grasp at least one of these four portions. Only by doing so would they be able to truly lay claim to this world.

"Also, though she is not among the most likely three I just mentioned, there is intelligence that Aina Brazinger is currently present on the battlefields. From our intelligence, she has a very close relationship with Leonel Morales. So, although she's unlikely to have been the first completer, getting to her would be valuable, regardless."

"Why'd you wait so long to bring such information to me?! I finally get to set out!"

"City Lord, wait!" Niya raised her voice slightly so that City Lord White didn't just storm off. If this short-haired woman caught a head of steam, it would be almost impossible to stop her.

"What is it?"

"It isn't appropriate to make a move just yet. Our original plan didn't account for The Empire already having a presence on this moon already. But, it seems that before we appeared, The Empire had already sent Prince Noah Fawkes here to lead an army to assimilate Camelot and the Demon Empire."

"Noah Fawkes, isn't that?"

"Yes, the third completer, Prince Noah Fawkes."

"Isn't that even better. That means there are two potential World Spirit pieces here."

"While this is true, it also means that we have to be careful. Prince Fawkes has already begun to lead a counterattack and we've already lost half of the territory we initially snatched due to poor foundations."

"Isn't that just more reason for me to go? Why are you wasting my time?"

City Lord White's expression darkened.

"Yes, it is important that you go, but not so that you can target Leonel Morales. We need to prepare a proper counterattack and sweep through Camelot in a single sweep.

"I suggest that you wait for us to turn Lin and Pervaux Baronies into proper launch points.

"Both are important resources. Lin Barony is a choke point that separates the Kingdom from the wilderness. This doesn't seem like a big deal, but it's perfect for starving them of natural resources whether that be wood or fresh water.

"Pervaux Barony forms the final point of a triangle between Lin Barony and Camelot and is a final barrier to the no-man's land that separates Camelot and the Demon Empire. It's a perfect launch point to attack both the Demon Empire and the Kingdom. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"We will secure the supply lines, cut off Camelot's resources, and create a perfect foundation for attack. Then you can move out, City Lord."

City Lord White stared at Niya deeply for a moment before sitting back down.

"How much time?"

"Two months at the fastest, three at the latest."

"Fine.. I'll let them live for a little longer, then."