Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The slow approach of The Empire's warriors eventually put Mordred at ease. It seemed that Aina's words had been correct.

If their goal was to attack, they would have long since broken out into a charge. But, their current pace was almost like a leisurely stroll. In fact, they even allowed Mordred enough time to reorganize her army and face their entourage head-on.

By now, Arthur's warriors had also noticed the oddity.

"Your Majesty, should we send someone?"

Arthur shook his head. "I… Will go personally. Allow the men some rest and treat the injured. There's no telling when they will choose to attack again."

Noah's troops came to a halt about a hundred meters from Mordred's frontline. Without a word, a small squad of five broke off, riding their black wolves forward swiftly. Though their pace was still a bit faster than the army had been, it still didn't seem like their goal was to attack.

The group of five was led by a young man. The expression on his face was indifferent and lofty, he carried the air of arrogance nobility should have but without allowing it to grow overblown. It was just enough to put many in a state of awe without allowing them to feel any sort of disgust.

It was clear that this young man's air of superiority was ingrained down to his very bones.

When the small squad made it to within five meters of Mordred, they came to a stop, maintaining a healthy distance.

"I am the representative of His Highness, Prince Noah Fawkes, Junior Governor Duke Nile Bryermuthe. Who is your leader?"

Nile's voice boomed over the battlefield. He didn't seem to realize that Mordred was right before him. Whether he did it on purpose or not, it was hard to tell. However, regardless, Mordred maintained her composure. She had been through much more in her life. If there was one thing she was excellent at, it was maintaining her calm.

"I am the leader of the Demon Empire." She said unhurriedly.

"I am the leader of Camelot."

At that moment, Arthur had made his way to Mordred's side. His expression wasn't as calm as his daughter's. Rather, it still held a lofty air.

Nile looked down from his position atop his wolf, sweeping a glance over the two of them. His gaze happened to catch upon Aina, her appearance causing him to frown. Her face made him inwardly uncomfortable, but he hid it well. There was no need to linger on such things. Though he could be wild at other times, it was unnecessary at this moment.

But, just when he planned to focus on Arthur and Mordred once again, his lips even opening to speak, his gaze sharpened.

He looked back toward Aina, his eyes landed on the hand she used to lean against her great sword with. No, it was more accurate to say that his gaze landed on the wrist of the hand she was using.

Even at this moment, Aina's breathing was still a bit haggard. The only reason she was still at the front of the army was because Mordred had insisted on keeping her by her side because she was worried about Aina's current state.

For the past month an da half or so, Aina had done nothing but battle. It was hard to allow such a petite young girl to bear such a burden on her shoulders constantly, but Aina insisted to the point Mordred couldn't reject.

"You."

Aina didn't think anyone would be talking to her at this moment, so she was entirely focused on her recovery. She was trying to force her ability to activate again, but it had slowed down considerably.

Her reaction, though, caused Nile's frown to deepen.

As though finally sensing that the atmosphere was oddly silent, Aina looked up, only to find that Nile's gaze was locked onto her.

Of course, Aina was confused by this. She wasn't well known among the nobles. And, even if she was, this definitely wouldn't be the face they recognize.

Beyond that, she didn't share the red hair and eyes of the Brazinger family. Even one of her own 'family' members only managed to recall her due to his perfect recall ability and he had long since been buried beneath dozens of meters of earth. So, it was even less likely that she'd be remembered for this.

"State your name and which Province you come from. Are you planning on defecting from The Empire?"

Nile's gaze sharpened, boring into Aina as though trying to force her into a confession.

Yet, despite looking up toward Nile with tired eyes, Aina didn't seem intimidated in the slightest. What a joke, if Aina could remain calm and unperturbed beneath Leonel's aura, what was a mere Junior Governor Duke worth?

Of course, at this moment, Aina wasn't necessarily thinking of things in such simple terms. She only knew that she was unmoved by it all. In fact, she was even slightly annoyed.

Compared to others, Aina was actually quite thankful for The Empire. If not for it, she would have likely suffered even more hardship as a child. But, Aina's main priority was still revenge. What The Empire cared about her actions toward reaching this goal meant little to nothing to her.

"My name is Aina Brazinger, I come from Royal Blue Province. No, I have no intention of defecting from The Empire." Aina replied somewhat wearily.

"Then how is it that you are here and not protecting Royal Blue Fort—." Nile's words froze. "Did you just say Aina Brazinger?"

Niles suddenly remembered that almost a year ago now, they received a report that they would be gaining two more Variants from Royal Blue Fort. One was a certain Leonel Morales and the second was Aina Brazinger.

But, for whatever reason, those two never appeared.

Due to Earth's talents, after over a year of development, the rarity of Variants had plummeted as well. From just a handful, it had blossomed to several thousand. In fact, in their current army, not a single one wasn't a Variant.

Of course, those who were Variants from the very beginning were far more valuable. And, Leonel and Aina were among this very rare few. In fact, considering where they started, they should be among the few who already had abilities within the Fifth Dimension. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

However, with this didn't come leniency. Rather, it made Aina's wrongdoings several times more severe.

The action of not properly reporting to The Capital could be considered a direct defiance of the Emperor's will!

After reaching this point in his thoughts, Nile's aura became baleful.