Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 300 powerstones. Next at 400]

Maps, especially during the middle ages, were incredibly expensive. Even a simple map would be worth hundreds of gold coins. Obviously, despite having been here for a long while, neither Aina nor Leonel had such funds.

If they didn't have a map, they would have no choice but to follow Joan's army from a distance. But if they did this, then the advantage they had in movement speed would be nullified and they'd lose their chance to prepare in advance. If this happened, their chances at changing history and capturing Paris would end in failure.

Leonel almost slapped his forehead. How could he forget something so important.

After frowning for a moment, memories gradually surfaced in his mind.

During his studies, since he had chosen French, he had of course seen many historic maps. It was just that the maps in these textbooks were incredibly crude and simple and would at most point him in a general direction.

After a while, Leonel shook his head. This wasn't good enough. A single mistake could throw them hundreds of miles off course.

"We're going to need to raid the military camp." Leonel suddenly said.

Aina nodded seriously. This really was the only choice.

There were probably cartographers in such a large base, but did they have the time to find out where they were? And even if they did find them, they would be within the city walls, something that would put them at a great disadvantage.

At the very least, the military camp definitely had what they were looking for. In addition, if they were found out, it would be comparatively easier to leave the military camp as opposed to a fortified castle.

"I couldn't leave my ax behind regardless." Aina said.

Leonel grinned. "Let's do it, then."

**

"Big sister, where are Leo and Aina? We'll be setting off tomorrow morning and our chances at victory will be much better if they're with us."

Michael was seemingly the only one in the meeting of commanding officials who didn't have a solemn expression. All of them knew how difficult it would be to retake Paris, so obviously they weren't in the mood to smile. As a result, while the nobles were off drinking and eating, celebrating the new crowned King's ascension to the throne, they were diligently planning.

A wisp of a complex emotion flashed in Joan's eyes, but she quickly hid it.

"They've been taken in by the Bishop. Their role is different from ours."

Surprised expressions appeared on all those in the room.

Though they worshiped the Bishop, they had never actually seen him like Joan had. All of their knowledge of him was by proxy of their big sister. So, not only were the surprised, but they even felt a bit jealous.

That said, it couldn't be helped. They didn't have great abiltiies like Joan, Leonel or Aina. They had expected this result long ago. But, hearing it now made them feel a bit inferior.

"Forget these matters, there'll obviously come a day where you're all rewarded for your service. Is there a need to feel sad? The disciples of the Apostles never met Jesus, but did they mope around like you few? Keep your heads up."

"… We got it, big sister." Michael pouted like a child. "But won't Aina be needing her ax? How could she leave it here?"

Michael had no other intentions with his questions. He really was just asking innocently. However, there were others among their band that had weird expressions on their faces having heard this.

At this moment, Aina's massive ax was leaning on a wooden weapon rack at a corner of the military tent. But, this wasn't the most important point. The key here was that Joan had moved it from Leonel's tent to place it here. There wasn't anything inherently wrong with this action. After all, they would be heading out soon and Aina wasn't here. But, it just felt like there was something they couldn't put their finger on.

Just as Joan was about to try and dispel the awkward atmosphere, a voice suddenly came from the tent's entrance.

"Hello? Miss Joan? Can I come in?"

Joan blinked in astonishment, because the voice was actually Leonel's. What was going on?

Michael laughed happily. "Come in, come in! We were just talking about you, you lucky bastard."

Leonel's grinning face poked through the flaps to find the few of them having a meeting around a table. Since it was late, the space was illuminated by numerous candles. But, despite the fact it was a military tent, it carried a delicate fragrance that made it obvious a woman lived here.

"Leonel? Why are you here?" Joan asked as Leonel stepped into the tent.

Originally, Leonel had planned to use force to take what he needed. But then he shook his head. When had he become such a brute? The game of American Football seemed like a game of all brawn, but he'd lost count of how many times he had won a game with his mind instead of purely his arm. The National Championship was just another example.

Leonel made a gamble. He gambled that Joan, even if she knew that the Bishop's purpose was to kill him, she most definitely wouldn't want others to know this. Leonel was too well liked in the army for her to act against him openly. Even now, the solemn expressions of those commanders here had gained a wisp of a smile when he entered.

In addition, there was also the chance that Joan only had a feeling that the Bishop had bad intentions and no solid proof. In that case, she might even sigh a breath of relief that he had come back instead.

There were other possibilities as well, but they all ultimately led to the same conclusion: Joan couldn't do anything to him right now!

"I came to bid you all farewell." Leonel smiled brightly, casually sweeping a glance at the strategy maps spread across the table. "The Archbishop has given my sister and me a special mission."

A few expressions of sadness crossed the faces of those here, causing Joan's expression to change. Since when had Leonel's prestige become so great? However, hearing Leonel address the Bishop as Archbishop rested a rock that had been hovering above her heart.

Leonel laughed and exchanged a few words with the commanders, embracing the likes of Jean and Michael like they were friends separating from a long while. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

A long while later, Leonel turned to leave before smacking a palm to his forehead.

"I almost forgot. If I left it behind, my sister would kill me. Thank you for keeping it safe, Miss Joan."

Under a chorus of laughter, Leonel hurriedly scurried to the back of the room, picked up Aina's massive ax, and left with an embarrassed expression.