Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"So that's their choice?"

Leonel watched this all happen from afar. It seemed odd that he could see things happening from tens of kilometers away so clearly, but it didn't seem like a problem for him in the slightest.

"Crakos, lead your men down the middle pass of the mountain."

Leonel seemed to speak to empty air, there wasn't a single soul on the mountain peak except for himself. Yet, in the instant he spoke, Crakos' men had moved out under his command.

"There are five White Knights in the group you're headed for. All five of them have strength surpassing your own, so be sure to follow my orders to a point."

Farialice thought that the demons were planning something secretive due to their odd actions… When the reality was that Leonel didn't have a large overarching plan. What he did have were many trump cards he was ready to deploy at a moment's notice.

The first of these trump cards was… Leonel's own personal Force Disruption Towers.

To everyone, including those of Terrain, Force Disruption Towers had become impossible to use. This only made sense. As the world evolved, the laws of physics that governed it would also fundamentally change.

By the current age of technology, the pieces of engineering the people of Earth relied on were inextricably linked to concepts of chemistry, complex studies of physics and, even in some cases, biology.

In such a case, as these laws changed, the technology created to make use of them also became useless. Unless Earth adapted to the new changes with new creations of technology every time they evolved, tech would only become more and more useless as time went on.

However, Leonel wasn't restricted to Earth's technology at all.

Just two or so months ago, Leonel had witnessed the engineers of Royal Blue Fort attempt to piece together a Force Disruption Tower. Though they had failed to complete it in the end, Leonel had already taken note of all of the Tower's pieces.

With the level his mind had reached and the fact the Towers were created based on Third Dimensional constructs, memorizing everything with a glance was as easy as breathing for Leonel.

After witnessing everything, it only became a matter of reverse engineering it all…

However, even then, Leonel didn't need to go so far. What he needed wasn't a true working Force Disruption Tower. After all, they had become nearly useless after Earth entered the Fourth Dimension.

No, what Leonel needed was just a framework, a push in the right direction, a small light at the end of the tunnel… That would be enough to bring the warriors of White City hell.

…

Farialice led the vanguard through the mountain pass.

Rock walls surrounded them from all directions almost as though they had entered a dark valley rather than a passage up a mountain.

Though the passage was considered 'narrow', this was only in consideration for an army of a thousand strong. The truth was that there was still 20 meters of clearance between the walls of the mountain pass.

Still, with an army of this size, such a reality made quickly retreating almost an impossibility.

But, Farialice wasn't a fool. She was already prepared for any unexpected situations.

The reality was that whenever you were an army laying siege, losses would be inevitable. She entered this pass knowing very well that it might be a trap, but she was prepared to suffer whatever consequences might come with it.

This was the philosophy of the White City Knights. They as commanders road in the vanguard. They as commander took the brunt of the pressure on their shoulders. They as commanders would face all danger that came their way.

It was this top down philosophy that bred the fearless army of White City.

When your commanders dared to lead the charge, what right did they as subordinates have to cower?

Farialice's gaze narrowed. The ground only shifted a bit, but she sensed it. Her sensitivity to such things was beyond normal limits, not only due to her experience as a commander, but most importantly due to her ability.

This was the second reason she dared to enter this narrow passageway.

Farialice's ability made her exceptionally sensitive to vibrations through the ground. But, what shocked her wasn't the fact there were vibrations… but rather that these vibrations were so… normal.

This rhythm, it could only come from an advancing troop. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Farialice internally sneered. It couldn't be that they wanted to meet on this battlefield, right? Had she really overthought it? Did the demons just overestimate themselves?

Though the reports said that the demons were just as intelligent as humans, it also said that they were quite hotblooded as well. They may very well be like their City Lord White, but completely lacking in the strength City Lord White had.

Still, though Farialice thought this, she went on her guard, stopping the army at one of the many winding paths.

'This is the best location to meet them.'

The current location had the White City army still moving uphill, which put them at a slight disadvantage. But, in return, the bend in the path more than made up for this.

The vast majority of people were right-handed, this was the case across the universe and across races. The position Farialice chose to stop at gave those with a dominant right hand the advantage. But, this was only a small part of the puzzle.

The main reason Farialice chose this location was because the demon army would have to curl around the path to meet them whereas White City's army could meet them head on.

If the demons were really as hot headed as they seemed, they would easily fall into this small trap.

Farialice pulled out a sword while unsheathing a dagger with her left. This was her in her optimal state. A meter and a half length sword in her right and a short sword in her left. She had lost count of the number of enemies she had slaughtered with these two blades.

'Hm? They stopped.'

Farialice's gaze narrowed. It seemed she was correct to be cautious.

A battle intent exuded from her body. Without a single word, the warriors to her back felt her excitement, their blood beginning to boil as well.

…

"Activate it now."

Leonel's expressionless voice shook Crakos' heart. Was this the same boy he had just been with?

But, without hesitation, Crakos gave the hand signal. In unison, the demons brandished their weapons, pouring all the Force they could muster into them.

In that instant, the quality of the air seemed to shift. The mountain pass gained an abnormal stillness.

"Charge." Leonel commanded.

**

A long distance away, in a military recovery tent on the Camelot battlefield, Aina tossed and turned, her breathing short and ragged.

Strong pulsing veins coursed through her body, bulging throughout her neck.

The military tent soared past 100 degrees Celsius and seemed to still be climbing.