Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Aina struggled with all her might.

By now, she had a grasp of what the ability of this Invalid was. It was clearly a puppeteering ability and this ability was unfortunately especially effective against those with weak Soul Forces like her own.

However, that didn't mean that she didn't have a chance. She had been struggling from the very beginning, there was simply no way that the stamina of this Variant Invalid was endless. There had to be a limit to how long it could hold control over her.

Due to her experience in the Joan Zone, Aina had learned a lot of Joan's death. Even if there was just a single thing the experience taught her, it was that it took far more energy to control a person than it took to wrest control away.

Aina knew that all she had to do was to keep struggling, to keep playing the part of helpless damsel, only then might the Invalid foolishly continue to chip away at its own stamina.

"… Do you understand now? Do you understand your worth? HAHAHA!

"Don't worry, I will treat you well. How couldn't I? You will be the key to my Empire, the centerpiece to me truly ruling the universe and showing these humans who the true superior beings are!

"These fools of Terrain seem to believe that they have won the battle against me when the reality is that I am just using them. I have patience that my fellow man do not have.

"If I didn't have these humans as a cover, how would I continue to enjoy such delicacies everyday? Who knows if those Invalid hunters would have come to put my head on a pike by now?"

The male Invalid's manic laughter continued to cause the Earth to tremble. It was clear at a glance that this Invalid was just a step away from the Fifth Dimension. As for why it hadn't crossed that threshold yet… It simply couldn't.

In a world with its potential capped like Terrain, it would simply take too long to reach the Fifth Dimension. Without the ability to travel to other worlds, the Invalid could only wait patiently and bide its time.

But, so what if Terrain reached the Fifth Dimension eventually? How could the male Invalid's ambition end there?

Unfortunately, there was nothing it could do. Unless it could find a method to secretly travel to another world without being detected, its path would end here.

So, the male Invalid had kept its head lowered, displaying patience those of its kind simply didn't have. Of all the things it had spoken, this was by far the closest to the truth. It had indeed displayed exceptional foresight and forbearance.

"HAHA! The name of the Puppet Master will ring throughout the Dimensional Verse.

"At my mere mention, I will ensure that the women shed tears and the men shed blood. I will sunder the clouds with a single word and destroy the earth with a single step. All shall know of my legend!"

By the end of its speech, the Puppet Master was practically roaring. Its voice seemed one part ambitious and another part rage fueled. It was as though all the pent up frustration of the last several centuries had come bubbling forth. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

After a long while, the Puppet Master slowly calmed its raging emotions, its gaze becoming a placid lake of steadiness.

With a clap of its hands, the sound of shuffling feet could be heard from the distance.

"This timing couldn't be more perfect. With all my other chess pieces aligning, this must be a providence of the Heavens. I will make my debut into the world soon.

"But you are still too weak at the moment. If you were to bear my children now, they will be of no help to me. I will first raise your strength, only then will my children be birthed with the most optimal power."

At that moment, the puppets brought in an oddly curved package. It was large in stature, so large, and likely so heavy, that six 'Invalids' had to carry it in at once.

"I personally handcrafted this piece, you could call it my magnum opus." The male Invalid continued to speak as though it couldn't sense Aina's struggle.

"I've been nurturing the resources of this mountain range for a long time. You could even say that the most precious herbs and ores of Terrain can be found here. But, since no one dares to come, it's all mind."

The male Invalid chuckled as though he felt Aina should be impressed. His demeanor seemed to scream: 'What do you think, isn't your future husband wealthy? Be happy.'

"But, even compared to those things, this is especially valuable."

With another motion, the six Invalid puppets set the heavy curved package down and opened it up, revealing a cavity filled with pulsing red rubies.

If Leonel had been here, his eyes would have immediately widened in shock. These red rubies, each an every one was as valuable as a Quasi Bronze Ore!

It was known as Force Nurturing Ore. It was an Evolution type Ore, though less potent than the true Evolution Ore.

Its ability wasn't as exaggerated as raising the grade of an Ore by a single step. Not only were its effects lesser, it took a long period of time – months to years – for its true worth to come into effect.

Usually, Force Nurturing Ore was only useful on already completed products while Evolution Ore could be used on raw materials. This was maybe the most important fundamental difference.

There was, of course, another benefit to Force Nurturing Ore as well. Not only could it increase the quality of treasures, but it was useful on living beings as well! It had similar recovery benefits to Leonel's Cleansing Waters albeit lesser healing effects. At the same time, it could quicken the cultivation of humans and even help herbs to grow faster!

Maybe the most shocking part was that the red glow of these tunnels… It was entirely reliant on the source of Force Nurturing Ore! Just how much of it did this Variant Invalid have?!

"I will allow you to sleep in here for a few decades." The Puppet Master said with a hint of excitement in his voice. "By the time you come out, the foundations of my empire will be set and my new strength will have stabilized. By then, the world will be ours!"

The Puppet Master stepped forward, caressing Aina's scars. Somewhat ironically, just like Leonel, Aina's appearance meant little to him. But, their reasons vastly differed.

A surge of helplessness took hold of Aina's soul. She struggled so hard, yet she couldn't even interrupt this Puppet Master's psychotic personal soliloquy. Was she really going to die here?

Her severed fingers continued to drip blood, coating her hands with a warmth.

'I can't die here… I can't die here!'

A deep unwillingness surged through Aina's body.

Her will suddenly pressed again the barrier to the Third Tier of the Fourth Dimension. If she could just breakthrough, it would be that much more difficult for this Puppet Master to control her.

A light of hope gripped at Aina's heart. She pushed with all her might, even to the point blood vessels popped in her eyes, causing blood to trickle down her cheeks.

A low shout escaped her lips as she rammed against the barrier.

The male Invalid's eyes widened slightly. Under its control, Aina shouldn't have been able to make a single sound.

But at that moment, just when Aina was about to succeed, the burning marks on her face suddenly lit afire.

All the momentum she had vanished, completely destroyed.