Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel watched all of this coldly from the distance. Even until their deaths, those White Knights would have no idea that they had dug their own graves.

The weapons Leonel had outfitted the demons with were very special. Each of them had a Beast Crystal at the core of the center of their design.

When Leonel came across the Predator Ravens, he knew that he had gained a massive chance to turn the tide of this war.

The Force Disruption abilities of the Predator Ravens was actually quite weak. As a result, they could only interrupt Force based techniques that relied heavily on order and organization. And, even then, if they ran into someone like Leonel whose Internal Sight was exceptionally strong, it would be an issue to interrupt him at all unless they had a large number's advantage.

This only made sense. Terrain was a world of weak talent, so how could the beasts that called it home be too powerful? They were very limited in the impact they could have and this was only right.

However, this was where Leonel could step in.

Using the Force Disruption of the Predator Ravens as the base, he amplified it to the greatest degree he could.

The ability of the Predator Ravens was ultimately a Soul Type ability. Using this knowledge, Leonel combined it with a familiar Ore, the Tier 8 Black Grade Ore, Howling Tiger.

Leonel had come across this Ore during his time in the hive. In fact, he had even thought of making it a part of his Divine Armor at one point. At least, that was until he ran into a stronger Domain Type Ore.

Howling Tiger was a Domain Soul Type Ore. It could assault one's mind wild fluctuation of Soul Force that manifested like a roaring tiger.

This was an exceptionally valuable Ore, as made obvious by its Tier 8 status. But, Leonel didn't need the effects to be so powerful. In addition, even if Leonel wanted the maximum effect, he would need enough Ore to infuse the full Essence into every weapon.

If one did the calculations for just how much such a thing would cost, even the greatest tycoons of Fourth Dimensional worlds would begin to feel the squeeze.

Instead of doing this, Leonel just needed to incorporate a small sliver of Howling Tiger Ore into each weapon, thus using its howling effect to amplify the Force Disruption ability of the weapons the demons wielded.

When these weapons were used, a warrior would essentially have a small domain of about two meters around themselves where Force within the standard of the Fourth Dimension became absolutely useless!

That said, there was one glaring weakness of these treasures….

While it impacted one's opponents, it was unfortunately subject to friendly fire. Not only would this treasure stop comrades from using Force, even the wielder of the weapon itself would be unable to use Force in the slightest.

Other than pouring in Force directly from one's body and into the weapon to sustain the domain, it was impossible to do anything else Force related.

Due to such a striking weakness, this weapon would never be used by most people. The trade off simply wouldn't be worth it for many warriors. Force was the foundation of too many abilities, without it, it would be like tying one's hands behind one's back.

But the demons were different. They were especially known for their physiques. Compared to humans, they were several times more powerful in this aspect. In addition, while the warriors of Terrain had become used to battling with their abilities and Force, the demons of Camelot had long since been used to battling without such advantages.

On top of this, demons were larger and heavier. Without Force, it was difficult to even begin to take them down.

In the end, such weapons were absolutely perfect for a demon army! Leonel's actions were practically like giving wings to a tiger.

At that moment, Leonel turned his attention to the platform flying over the mountain range. They were likely still unaware that their people were being massacred. But, Leonel had no intention of sparing them in the slightest.

Leonel waved a hand, causing a line of crossbows to appear.

'Chain Domain.'

One might wonder how a world without Force Crafters like Terrain could build siege weapons as powerful as these crossbows. But, the answer was simple:

Over engineering.

Over engineering was a concept in the field of engineers to point out excess. Sometimes it was done on purpose in order to ensure a structure would never fail. But, at other times, this excess often became the representation of a waste of resources.

In the second case, over engineering was usually the folly of those without experience or understanding… it would be like building a bridge of diamond just because diamond was a very strong stone rather than the much less expensive steel. Only a fool would do such a thing.

In order to make up for their lack of skill, Terrain overcompensated with the materials they used.

The pulley structure of the crossbows were built with unrefined Tier 7 Ores and pulled with the tendons of Tier 7 and 8 beasts. In the end, the crossbows were incredibly inconvenient to use. Not only was it almost impossible to aim, but just loading it took the strength of a warrior that would be much better served on the battlefield.

And, as much of a waste as the crossbows themselves were… the bolts they used were an even sadder case. Leonel didn't even want to think about it.

However, now that these crossbows were in Leonel's possession… How could they possibly still have the same weaknesses?

The eyes of the scout on the back of the floating platform widened, partly in shock and partly in confusion. He recognized the crossbows well, it was simply impossible for anyone without the strength of a Tier 5 warrior to load them. And, even such an existence would have to use all their strength and several minutes.

Just what could this young man do with 500 crossbows lined up like that?

Still, the scout didn't take any chances.

"Raise the defenses!"

Strong fluctuations of Force surged. Soon, the floating platform, carried by numerous flying beasts, was covered in a thick, illusory shield.

Leonel watched this scene emotionlessly, his Chain Domain slowly winding the pulleys of the crossbows and slightly shifting their aims one after another.

With one Predator Raven Beast Crystal, Leonel was able to make ten weapons. However, there were only 2000 or so demons fighting below. So, what did he do with the rest?

Leonel's cold gaze remained locked onto the platform. His black robes whipped about in the harsh winds. So high up, the air was not only cold, but it was violent and sharp.

The atmosphere seemed quite appropriate.

With a thought, Leonel fired all 500 crossbows at once. In those moments, it felt as though the sky might collapse at any moment.

**

"… Blood…. Sovereign…"

City Lord White struggled to breathe. But, with Aina's slender hands clasping her throat, her brain hardly got any flow of blood, let alone her lungs being satiated by oxygen.

Aina's indifferent gaze looked into City Lord White's demonic eyes. And then, the sound of breaking bones resounded.

City Lord White's defiant gaze remained locked onto Aina, but any light it once held had long since faded.

Aina inhaled. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Under the astonished gazes of the silent battlefield, a torrent of blood manifested from the dead City Lord White, entering her mouth.

--

[Author's Note below 12/23/21]