Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Noah's blade became heavy and light at his command. The variations in his attacks reached a new level. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

To swing a two handed blade like it was nothing more than a feather, but for it to still carry the heaviness of a blunt weapon… This was Noah's fighting style.

Arthur was continuously pushed to his back foot. Despite the fact Arthur was in the Fourth Dimension while Noah was not just yet, Noah was able to use his ability that had already entered the Fifth Dimension to suppress the King with ease.

This was the benefit of an offensive ability. Unlike Leonel who had trouble bridging this gap with just his own strength, Noah had no issue doing this. This was the power of a true Variant, this was the strength of Talent.

Unfortunately, Noah's abilities were even beyond just this. While he could use them offensively, he could use them for evasion and defense just as easily.

When all of these were fused into one, Arthur could hardly find a single span to breathe, let alone counter attack.

Arthur's jaw remained locked. He relied on his white lion armor to withstand much of the pressure his body couldn't. He coated his body in the Light Element, using [Light Body] to give himself a small boost in speed and attacking quickness.

Noah's saber swung down from above. The instant before it made contact with Arthur, Noah increased its density and weight by more than tenfold.

Arthur's knees bent beneath the pressure, his two hands gripping his sword with all his might. If it wasn't for the fact Excalibur was a Quasi Bronze treasure on the brink of becoming a true Bronze treasure, it would be a wonder if it survived for so long.

"Give up." Noah said coldly.

By now, Noah's mind had calmed considerably. Having had time to observe Aina's state, it really seemed like she might die at any moment. Though he didn't know what was wrong with her, it, at the very least, seemed that she wouldn't be able to use such strength in the meanwhile.

Noah was content to watch Aina slowly die in this fashion. As such, his battle had become less about quickly capturing her, and more about displaying the might of The Empire all while not allowing anyone to help Aina.

If she could die, that would be the best. If not, he would settle for her being crippled.

Regardless of what truly happened, there would be a greater chance of his ideal outcome occurring as long as he continued to stall.

Across the battlefield, Mordred and Guinevere were dealing with the same issue. Since even they, as the weaker party, had been able to stop Noah and Jessica from capturing Aina, how much easier was it for them to do the same?

Mordred grew anxious as Aina's breath grew fainter. Her senses had been locked onto the young girl from the very beginning, but there was nothing she could do. Not to mention the fact she didn't have any healing spells in her arsenal, even if she did, how would she have the time to cast it?

"Dammit!"

Jessica's expression remained cold and indifferent. She controlled her beast partners to maintain a safe distance while continuously harassing Mordred.

"You all have no idea what you're doing." Mordred spoke through gritted teeth. "If that boy finds out what's happening here, he'll lose his mind."

Mordred didn't know if Leonel's name held any weight in The Empire. She had seen Leonel's life so she knew that he was nothing but a commoner in their eyes, she also knew that his Gene Analysis Exam hadn't made him out to be one of the top tier talents of The Ascension Empire. So, she didn't bother to say Leonel's name. She only hoped to find an opening by speaking nonsense.

In truth, Mordred didn't know if Leonel could make a difference either. She had no idea what was happening on the other battlefield. All she knew from Leonel's life was that… the boy really hated to lose. Behind that unassuming, carefree smile, there was a wild beast he hadn't let out even now.

But, if there was one person who could cause him to unleash it…

Maybe in some ways, the beast inside Leonel was the only thing that could compare to the monster inside Aina.

Jessica paused slightly at Mordred's words.

Though she didn't say a name, there was one person on this planet that she suddenly remembered she had yet to lay eyes on. Didn't His Majesty say that the second Prince should be here? But why is it that he didn't appear on such an important battlefield?

Noah kicked at Arthur's chest.

With his knees bent and his arms completely focused on blocking Noah's saber from above, there was simply nothing Arthur could do.

BANG!

It felt as though he had been hit by a charging rhino. Noah's legs carried so much weight behind them that even Arthur's armor couldn't block all of the force.

Arthur shot back like a ball out of a canon, his body leaving streaks of whistling wind in its wake.

"Arthur!"

Guinevere's shout crossed the battlefield. But, being pincered from all sides, she couldn't take a step forward, let alone charge out on her own.

Mordred's gaze flickered, biting down on her teeth so hard the blood almost leaked from her gums.

Arthur struggled to stand. He could practically hear the cracking of his ribs beneath his strain. But he had to stand, he couldn't afford not to.

It had been a long time since Arthur felt this way. The reality of not being good enough hadn't come crashing down around him for a good long while now.

He realized at this moment that this was what he had been missing for so many years. Another mountain to climb, another peak to cross… Only like this could he avoid becoming that version of himself his wife almost abandoned and his daughter despised so.

"Alright, come on then."

Arthur's voice came out in a growl. In fact, it wasn't even because he was enraged, he simply couldn't muster up the strength to project his true voice. Every breath made it feel as though thousands of daggers were stabbing into his lungs.

'I guess I can only use it, then…'

Noah seemed to cross the distance between them in a single step, his saber swinging down as though a part of his body.

The strike was fierce and all encompassing. Maybe it was because Noah had run out of patience, but it seemed as though he had truly struck to kill this time. Without even the strength to lift his arms or even breathe properly, what chance did Arthur stand?

"No!" Guinevere and Mordred struggled with all their might. Even Lancelot tried to push himself up from the ground, ignoring his broken legs. But, it was all useless.

It was at the moment Arthur's neck was about to be severed that his body suddenly flickered with a blinding golden light. In a mind numbingly stupid feat, Arthur threw his sword to the side at the last instant.

CLANG!

Noah's brow furrowed.

His saber clashed against Arthur's armor. But… there was no Arthur?

A streak of golden light zipped about as Arthur's armor and Excalibur crashed to the ground. It shot around in a circle as though it could hardly control itself before landing just before Arthur's thrown sword.

In one instant, there was a streak of gold, and in the next, a naked man appeared, wielding a sword.

"Dammit."

Arthur grit his teeth.. He was king, but now his bare bottom was exposed for all to see. How was he going to live this one down?