Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Aina sunk her fingers into the heavy threads of Leonel's hair. She had never experienced such an intoxicating feeling before.

When Leonel shamelessly stole her first kiss, her heart had fluttered and her mind had grown foggy. But, that moment had been filled with innocence and purity. It was the kind of memory that filled one with sweetness.

But at this moment, Aina didn't feel sweetness. She felt heat, as though her entire body was burning up from the inside out. However, rather than wanting to separate from Leonel, she only wanted to get closer.

Leonel could feel the same heat. And maybe, in someway, it was even more potent for him.

Aina might have been petite, but her chest had volume that left him at a loss for words. Her face might have been scarred, but he couldn't find a single other flaw on her body. Everything from her touch, to her breath, to the silky smoothness of her skin left him in a daze.

Leonel's hands slipped down from her waist, grasping the underside of Aina's thighs and lifting her up.

Aina gasped slightly from the sudden change, subconsciously causing her arms and legs to wrap around Leonel tighter. With the strength she used, maybe if it wasn't for the fact Leonel had a Metal Body, his bones would have been crushed.

Being risen into the sky, Aina felt one part helpless and another part elated. She loved the feeling of Leonel sweeping her off her feet, the feeling of him bearing her weight in his strong arms.

Leonel gently placed Aina down at the side of the pool. From this position, all he could imagine was thrusting into her with all his might. The instinct was so potent that his body trembled, his cock pulsing as though a beast struggling against its chain.

Aina could feel Leonel pressing against her below. Her mind was somewhat hazy, feeling just as intoxicated as Leonel's own. She could feel a wetness spreading that had little to do with the pool of water they had just been in.

She had a mind to let Leonel do as he pleased. No, she wanted him to do as he pleased. It was a completely different feeling from before. Whereas previously she felt like she had to, now… she wanted to.

But… Somewhere deep inside, she didn't quite feel ready yet. It wasn't because she didn't trust Leonel, nor was it because she didn't have feelings for him. She just felt that things were moving too fast, it left her at a loss.

She separated from Leonel's kiss, pressing her forehead against his. Her hands held onto his cheeks as he held onto her hips. Her thighs trembled against Leonel's sides when she felt his heated shaft pressing against her below.

Aina reached a hand down from Leonel's face and began to slowly stroke him, her movements gentle and caring.

Leonel's breathing hitched, his gaze carrying a tinge of red as it locked onto Aina's. He could see the affection within those amber irises. Though her movements were slightly awkward and unrefined, just the fact she was willing to try left his heart feeling warm.

"… Look at me." Aina said softly, her words tickling Leonel's eardrums.

As a Five Star Health Professional, Aina was more familiar with the human body and its psychology than most. The same way she knew that it would be dangerous if Leonel's lower region wasn't cleaned was the same way she knew that men were visual creatures. Even if she couldn't give everything to Leonel at this moment, she still wanted him to know that she was his.

Leonel's breathing quickened, his eyes hesitating somewhat before leaving Aina's gaze and traveling downward. The feeling of her hand slowly moving up and down seemed to intensify, his body heating up like flamed coals.

All this time, he had been subconsciously avoiding looking at Aina's body. It was one part due to respect and another part due to him not wanting her to think he hated the sight of her face. But, hearing her ask him to do it so blatantly left his mouth dry.

At that moment, Leonel stood at the edge of the pool, Aina seated at its ledge, her legs wrapped around his hips. Their foreheads were lightly pressed against one another, giving Leonel a vantage point that almost made his nose bleed.

Aina leaned back slightly, her hand motions never slowing. She invited him to gaze at her body, a gentle red blush dancing across her skin.

The first thing Leonel saw was Aina's toned belly, glistening with wetness. With her half seated position, it flexed beneath the lights of the bathhouse and the shadow of his head. With Aina's every breath, her abs constricted, showing off the faint outline of a powerful physique. Leonel felt as though he could watch her breathe like this indefinitely.

"… Move my hair." Aina whispered.

Leonel gulped.

Aina's hair draped over her shoulders, blocking much of the view of her chest. All Leonel could see were two rounded protrusions.

With slow movements, Leonel brought a hand up, sliding it underneath Aina's hair from her shoulder and moving it away.

Aina's blush became more furious, the redness of her skin only making her more alluring. Leonel could see the rapid beating of her heart through her skin. Every pulse made her chest move just a bit, leaving him at a loss for words.

He had never seen something so beautiful in his life. He had been feeling it against his chest all this time, but this was the first time he truly knew how gorgeous the sight could be. Even with how large his hands were, he didn't believe he could cover them completely. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The healthy drop, the alluring pink dots, the perkiness of youth. It left him not knowing how to breathe.

It was perfect.

"… Touch me."

As though too embarrassed to looked Leonel in the eye when she said this, Aina dove into another kiss, her hand movements increasing just the slightest bit.

Her movement caused Leonel's hand which had been hovering after moving her hair to land directly onto her chest.

The supple silkiness of her skin sent Leonel into cloud nine. He couldn't hold back anymore.

Aina felt the pulsing of the raging beast in her hand grow past a point of no return. But, this time, she didn't try to avoid what came out.

She focused entirely on their kiss, a deep happiness blooming in her heart.