Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Do you want us to come with you?" Mordred asked.

Leonel shook his head. He was less interested about the state of Earth and more interested about his own personal strength growing. After witnessing Noah's comprehension of Winter, he felt like he had finally come to understand something, so he wanted to test those waters.

And, even if he hadn't, it was better for Mordred and Arthur to stay here.

"I don't believe that they'll give up on Camelot so easily. Depending on how the wars on other Provinces go, they might send another group here. It's best if you remain in this place."

Arthur and Mordred nodded.

"But, defending isn't all you should do." Leonel suddenly thought of something. "Put some effort into organizing your people. With all of them slowly awakening to their abilities, there's definitely a lot of untapped potential. It's hard to tell how long this war will go on for, but Camelot could play a bigger role than it seems…

"I didn't say this before, but even if I can give you merits as a Prince, there's still a limit to how much. For example, I can't just give you enough for a Grand Prime Minister title. If you wanted such a position, you'll have to fight for it yourself."

Arthur's gaze narrowed, but in the end, he nodded.

After saying this, Leonel grabbed onto Aina's small hand and walked out of the military tent. He quite enjoyed the feeling, so he most definitely wouldn't let an opportunity to do so slip by.

But, while he was in his own world, he almost didn't notice that Noah and Jessica were actually still waiting for him outside, stationed before their troop.

Noah looked between Leonel and Aina. Truthfully, he didn't know how a Prince of the Empire ended up with a woman of the hidden families. Even when he brought this up to his grandfather, Emperor Fawkes brushed it off without a care in the world as though it wasn't a big deal. In fact, his Imperial Grandfather even said that he should try to be more proactive in love too.

Though his grandfather always seemed to have a warm air about him, Noah could feel the underlying oppression in his every action. Making such a joke in the past would have been impossible for the Emperor. Yet, he had this time.

"Imperial Grandfather has said that we can lead this expedition together." Noah said calmly. "You can receive the same Tier 7 General title I hold and you can choose half of my men to be under your command."

Normally, when such a thing happened, the person suffering the most would be infuriated. Noah was effectively losing half his fighting strength and warriors he had carefully nurtured for the past more than year would be poached right beneath his eyes.

But, Noah didn't seem to care in the slightest. There weren't any fluctuations in his emotions and he relayed his grandfather's orders without the smallest sign of reluctance.

The various youths to Noah's back remained silent at these words. It was hard to tell if there was no uproar because it didn't matter to them one way or if they were simply just this well trained.

The number Noah led now was about half of what it once was, leaving it numbering at about 500. The remainder had been stationed at White City and it seemed the Tyrron had gone to manage the situation over there.

Leonel raised an eyebrow and looked toward the youths.

They had all been there when he lost his temper, flying into a rage. So, there was no need to question his strength. But, commanding a group of men and women went beyond just strength. It required judgement and intellect. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Leonel wondered… Should he take his 'grandfather' up on his offer? Or, should he go with Aina alone…?

After a while, Leonel made a decision. No, rather… It felt more like an instinct, as though he couldn't pick another way even if he tried.

"Alright." Leonel said with a nod.

Then, he drew a line down the middle of Noah's troop and took half.

**

Dark Cloud Province was an oddly peaceful place. Along with the Capital, it was among the only two Provinces of Earth that seemed completely unaffected by the Metamorphosis.

It was a place lush with nature. Green forests, tall mountains, and gently rushing rivers. It was almost a utopia.

However, everyone knew that all of this terrain was purposely left here to make it even more difficult for prisoners to escape, not that they'd ever step foot out of the perimeter of Dark Cloud Prison, that is.

The idea of an entire Province being cornered off for a Prison sounded insane. But, to summarize it not so many words: it was.

Dark Cloud Prison was a massive hexagonal structure with a hollowed out center. The rooms ringed the outside and thought they seemed to be open concept with plenty of windows, everyone knew that even a missile wouldn't be capable of penetrating that glass.

However, this was just the part of Dark Cloud Prison others could see. What many didn't know was that the hexagonal ring structure of Dark Cloud Prison dug deep underground for almost a kilometer, housing many more criminals than what met the eye.

On one of these deepest floors, there was no sunlight to be seen, no open concept to marvel at, no nature to be in awe of.

It was in this darkness that two guards walked, their steps uniform.

"Whose turn is it?" One of them spoke.

"It should be time for Prisoner #D1109."

"D, huh…"

This guard was quite aware of how dangerous prisoners with the D prefix were. The only prisoners worthy of such a thing were Dark Prisoners.

"Yes. Since this is your first time, be cautious. Don't give him even a quarter of breathing space. Remember your training, this is not a joke. Do not be na?ve."

The rookie guard nodded seriously. If he was one to take such matters lightly, he would have never been allowed this level of access.

The two reached a dark cell door without so much as a small opening on it.

After several procedures, they finally clicked open the heavy door as though it was a bank safe rather than a prison cell.

The moment they did, an eerie chuckle reached their ears.

"#D1109? How inhumane… Why don't you call me by the name my mother gave me?

"Say it with me now… Leo-nel Mo-ra-les. Quite easy to say, don't you think?"

At that moment, Dark Cloud Prison suddenly quaked.. It felt as though the world was collapsing.