Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The man looked massive, something that was inconceivable considering the level of security he would have had to live under for his entire life.

He wore a grey uniform with a single zipper that went from his collar to his crotch. On his left chest, a bright red tag shone: #D2901.

The air around this man seemed to grow solid, a palpable killing intent hanging heavily around him.

It shouldn't have been possible for even an A-grade Prisoner to become so large, let alone a Dark Prisoner. Their meals were perfectly measured to maintain health and prevent starvation, but it shouldn't have been enough to feed their strength, let alone growing to have such a muscular body.

There was no doubt that whatever ability this man had, his strength was related to it.

City Lord Hargrove's expression flickered.

'He doesn't know what The Empire is? Or who the Emperor is?... Interesting, it seems that we've underestimated just how villainous this Ascension Empire is…'

Hargrove should have known. Any Empire that dared to name itself Ascension had to be arrogant without regard.

There was a reason those of the Dimensional Verse described the evolution of a world as the Descent of a Dimension. It was supposed to represent a bestowal by the Universe. Whether it be the talent or potential of a world, it was all gifted. A world didn't grow to accept an evolution, rather an evolution fell upon a certain world.

This was the subtle difference. This was the core truth behind Dimensional Descent.

Yet, whether by coincidence or by a lofty purpose, Earth's Empire named itself Ascension. Arrogance didn't even begin to describe such bloviating. It almost made Hargrove laugh in rage.

As a man born in a world with such little talent, he understood this bestowal the most. Yet, this Earth, despite being lucky enough to be gifted such prospects, actually believed that they could snub their noses at it.

Hargrove raised his head, a billowing laughter leaving his lips. His long mustache caught a wind, whipping about wildly along with the rest of his hair.

His hands clasped behind his back, his chest standing wide and broad.

"We accept one and all!"

#D2901 laughed when he heard these words.

His legs flexed, the ground beneath him cracking once again.

BANG!

He shot into the skies, crossing a 50 meter length in a single bound.

Just as he was making his way through, another group of prisoners charged out. Damian, Joseph and the others could no longer wait. This wasn't because they decided to trust these people, but rather because the appearance of this man had sent the guards into a frenzy.

The guards at their level of security was minimal. After the destruction of the prison, Damian could use his ability again. As a person who had an S-grade ability upon awakening, his ability had long since crossed into the Fifth Dimension now. So, defeating a few low level guards had been especially easy.

But, they weren't fools. They knew that the guards on the lower levels were no laughing matter. If they couldn't leave now, they might never leave.

As expected, the moment Damian, Joseph and the others bolted out of their hiding spots, running full speed for the city in the distance, the first guard appeared. Unable to wield their normal weapons any longer, they wielded cold weapons. However, their actions didn't seem awkward in the slightest. It seemed that they were most definitely well trained in the regard. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

One prisoner after another poured out. It was clear that #D2901 had carved out a path for them all. The maddening howls of laughter shook the prison, causing a cold shiver to take hold of C and B-grade prisoners.

They had all heard stories about how insane the prisoners below were. It was impossible for them to spend so many decades within these walls and not see certain oddities. However, after seeing these men and women for themselves, they all realized one thing…

They were insane.

Many of them, clearly unused to walking on their own two feet, ran on all fours. Some rolled about as though they were balls rather than humans. A few chose to walk on their hands, shooting off toward Hargrove City in a mad dash.

The normal prisoners amongst them, wearing #C's and #B's across their chests had never felt such fear in their lives. They gathered into groups, hoping that they wouldn't lose their lives in a maddened assault.

A young acrobatic woman charged through the concrete on her palms. Her concept of the world were so shallow that she didn't seem to understand shame at all. Her prison garbs were completely unzipped and her small breasts hung out, jiggling about as she planted her palms one after another.

Her head peeked upward as she curiously observed the fear in the eyes of the normal prisoners by Damian's side. She had never seen such emotion before, she wondered where it was coming from. It looked like fun.

She effortlessly kept up with them on her hands despite the fact they were running with all their might. It was quite baffling, actually. Unlike Dark Prisoners, C and B-grade prisoners got to exercise everyday. By right, they should be more fit than she was.

The young woman looked curiously at a slightly obese man at the back of the group. He lingered behind the group, finding it hard to keep up.

The obese man seemed to feel something observing him. But, when he locked eyes on the vacant gaze of the woman chasing after him on her hands, he felt as though his heart had been thrown into an ice bath.

His throat constricted and his trouble breathing became even worse.

The young woman tilted her head, her speed not slowing in the slightest.

At that moment, her vacant expression twisted into a slanted smile. She looked as though she had never smiled a day in her life before. The facial muscles she should have been using only half worked, leaving her face somewhat crooked.

She suddenly pushed off the ground, her hands landing on the obese man's shoulders. Her breasts dangled atop his head. But, the scene that should have been one part erotic and another part comedic didn't feel like this for the obese man at all.

"Help! Help me!"

Damian and Joseph looked back, only to hear a giggle that shook their very souls.

The young woman slapped the chubby cheeks of the obese man, twisting into the air without letting go.

At first, the obese man's body followed her momentum. But, very soon, it couldn't. The result was a head being ripped from its body, its voice being cut off half way in favor of gurgling blood.

The young woman landed on the ground, still pushing off her palms.. But, the obese man's head, as though a soccer ball rather than part of a human's corpse, danced on the soles of her feet, hopping from one to the other.