Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

There seemed to be only seven of them. No… Eight? Nine?

The number kept changing. It should have been simple to conclude that one of them had a cloning ability, but through this thickening wall of space, let alone moving, even senses didn't seem to work properly anymore.

It felt as though one was trying to cast a net several kilometers away despite the fact the group was at most several hundred meters away.

As if this wasn't fear inducing enough, while a normal distance felt like forever to everyone else. To the group, it was barely a short stroll. Though they seemed to be walking normally, they covered large distances as though they were sprinting with all their might.

Not even a few seconds later, the group reached the vanguard of the Dark Cloud Prison guards. It was only then Lionel's steps suddenly paused. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In perfect unison, the group came to a pause with him. It was hard to tell what Lionel had promised these Dark Prisoners in not even half an hour since their attempted escape began to make them treat him like this. But, the reality was displayed before them all regardless.

"… I recognize you."

Lionel's voice was quite striking in such a suddenly quiet environment. Unlike what one expected, it wasn't deep and gruff nor did it have some evil air to it. Rather, it sounded like the normal voice of a teenage boy on the cusp of adulthood.

Yet… One couldn't help but feel an instinctive fear toward it. It seemed to seep into their ears and host the beating of their hearts. As though a master plucking at their strings, he was a controller of their fate.

"Ai, that's right. You were there the day they took me away from my mother…"

Lionel slowly walked toward Governor Duke Owen, his head still lowered to the ground. He painted quite an odd picture. Everything from his bare feet to his straitjacket seemed completely out of place.

Escobar's gaze narrowed, his body still finding it difficult to move even the slightest bit. Despite the fact the boy's face was lowered and the prisoner tag that should have been across his chest was covered by a straitjacket didn't stop the Warden from recognizing Lionel immediately.

He didn't say a word. Or rather, he couldn't say a word even if he wanted to. Even moving his lips was difficult.

Despite the fact Earth was new to this new world order, Escobar was still aware that such an indomitable ability shouldn't possibly exist. All abilities should have limitations, weaknesses… Something like locking down the space within several hundred meters should have been absolutely impossible unless one was a higher Dimensional being.

However, what the Governor Duke didn't know was the fact there were indeed existences capable of such feats… And they were known as Savants.

Savants were existences capable of breaking the limiters of their abilities. Whether it be the issue of stamina, duration or realm of influence, they didn't need to worry about any of this. This wasn't simply because they were able to rely on themselves, but rather because Universal Force naturally fueled their every action.

Whereas those like Leonel or the Warden would have to comprehend Universal Cycles in order to use Universal Force. Savants had no need for such a thing. They could make use of the Universe's strength as they pleased.

The result of this were abilities that seemed more like the act of Gods rather than mere mortals… And, in fact, on some worlds… These people were indeed known as Gods.

However, the price to pay for being a Savant wasn't non-existent either. Much like how mortal savants of Earth were only good at one particular task, the same could be true of the Savants of the Dimensional Verse.

Outside of their abilities, the talents Savants had were severely limited. Cultivating Force, comprehending Styles or Universal Cycles, even awakening Lineage Factors they might have been born with was all impossible.

But, with such power… did they need such supplementary strengths?

Lionel's hair shook somewhat. It seemed like he was shaking his head or lamenting something, or maybe he was thinking through something. He didn't have any care to give, just silently standing there as though the world would wait upon his every whim.

"Where is my mother?"

Finally, Lionel settled down on these words. But, the cold sweat of Escobar's back only grew despite the stoicism of his face.

In the moments Lionel remained silent, he could feel the struggle of the youth before him. Lionel's every instinct screamed to kill him, yet, as though he was internally speaking to himself in attempts to calm down, he remained silent.

In the end, Lionel decided that he wanted to know about his mother more than he wanted to kill this Warden before him.

"Vice, it seems the man can't speak, release him." Lionel said slowly.

Within the group, a man who looked about 27 or 28 years old picked at his nose. Snot ran down his face, but he didn't seem to mind in the slightest. This man was none other than Vice, the wielder of the ability so many here feared so much.

Vice flicked a booger toward Escobar. Only then did the Warden almost collapse, finally able to move under the normal laws of physics.

"Speak." Lionel said plainly, his voice still as even as it always was. "Where is my mother? What did you do to her?"

Escobar coughed, feeling as though he could finally breathe normally. He pulled himself up to stand straight and tall.

When he stood to his full height, he was still quite a bit shorter than Lionel despite the fact the latter had his head lowered and his back hunched. But, Escobar's momentum didn't seem to dampen in the slightest due to this.

Escobar's palm flipped over, causing a spear to appear. In that moment, his momentum completely changed as wild energies began to flow around him.

Harsh winter winds. Fragrant spring air. Blazing summer heat. Cool fall breezes.

Beneath this presence, the pressure the other guards felt alleviated by more than 80%. Though their movements were still somewhat hindered, it most definitely wasn't as exaggerated as it had been before.

In the distance, Hargrove's pupils constricted into pinholes.

'Impossible!'

"Hold." Escobar's voice boomed when the other guards wanted to take action.

He looked toward Lionel seriously, the latter having seemingly not reacted to the sudden change.

"Your mother is dead. What do you plan to do with this information?"