Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Could it be a mind reading ability?" Aina communicated secretly with Leonel.

Leonel gazed toward the fading blood angel to Lionel's back. After a moment, he steeled himself.

"Nika."

"Yes, Captain!"

A young girl called out to Leonel's back.

"Reconstruct the scene. Send the images to me. Don't hold back." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Yes!"

Nika worked quickly. She was one of the few sensory types among Leonel's troop, but her ability was unique.

She was able to reconstruct the cause and effect of a location, essentially simulating the past events of a place for up to 1 month. She could also transmit these images and deductions to another person.

At her abilities current stage of evolution, it had limited usage in battle. But, when it came to reconnaissance, she was second to none.

When Leonel felt Nika's Dream Force penetrate toward him, he didn't resist. Usually, Nika wouldn't dare to do this with anyone else. Those with Dream Force affinity were incredibly rare and it would be too easy for one to get lost in the events she displayed.

However… Leonel was different.

When Leonel opened his eyes once again, he had a grasp of the entire situation, even down to the abilities Lionel's group had displayed.

"Leave this Leonel to me." Leonel said plainly, his gaze suddenly becoming cold and indifferent. "Stay within my Domain and do not leave, or else I can't guarantee your safety."

After seeing the past events, Leonel understood Lionel's ability. Such a person was too dangerous. He would defeat him first, then ask questions later.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

A black domain filled with illusory chains surged into existence around Leonel, covering a radius of just over 20 meters in every direction.

Leonel immediately realized that this was his limit. He couldn't extend his Domain any further without sapping his stamina faster than he could get returns on. But, this size was just enough.

Brandishing his spear, Leonel pointed it toward Lionel, his aura stifling.

Those around Lionel immediately realized that Leonel was giving off a different feeling compared to the others.

On the Hargrove City walls, many were still frozen in place due to Vice's ability. Whether it was the raising and lowering of the platforms, the archers, or even Salnas himself, no one seemed capable of moving.

But, truthfully, though they feared Vice somewhat, they were more than willing to see the talents of Earth at each other's throats in this way.

Anared's gaze narrowed as he locked onto Leonel in the distance. But, the latter hadn't even spared the city a glance after the first look. It was as though he couldn't be bothered to care about it.

Inwardly, Anared was a bit shocked. He knew how many scouts they had deployed. How had a 250-man squad managed to come this far without a single one sending word back?

The truth was that Anared had already gotten reports from the North of the continent and there was currently a major battle going on over there. However, he didn't care to go and oversee those matters personally because taking in these prisoners was far more important to Terrain's overall plan. As long as Noah was stalled that would be far more than enough.

Initially, when Anared didn't hear back from the South, he had thought that meant Earth only sent one squad. After all, according to their intelligence, Noah was the only acting commander of this troop of Earth's talents.

What he didn't expect, though, was for Leonel to have carved a path out of the South for himself.

'… Dealing with a Savant won't be so easy, yet you've chosen to antagonize such a large group of them on your own. You've signed your own death certificate.' Anared thought coldly.

At this moment, even he could hardly move. Though he had his trump cards to do so just like Coach Owen had, he didn't care to activate them just yet. Right now, he was content to lay back and watch.

However, Anared's expression when he observed the dome around Leonel couldn't help but turn serious. He didn't know what it was, but for some reason it left him feeling uneasy. He couldn't help but wonder if this was Leonel's ability.

When Lionel saw Leonel point a spear toward him, his voice trailed off, the excitement it once had fading. He couldn't seem to wrap his mind around why someone who had such a high chance of being his brother would treat him like this.

"Leonel, don't!" Coach Owen mustered all the strength he had left to shout out this warning. "Just run. This isn't your fight!"

Leonel paused, sending a glance toward his Coach.

"Hey Coach." Leonel suddenly grinned. "Let's make a deal alright?"

"No." Coach Owen said firmly.

"Hey, hey. You haven't even heard what I wanted to say just yet. Are you that protective of that dead rat you call a mustache?"

"Kid!"

The surviving guards of Dark Cloud Prison were stunned, especially Escobar's right hand man, Garwin. None of them had ever seen anyone treat their Governor Duke like this.

Leonel laughed. "Just sit tight, old man. As long as I survive, though, you have to promise to shave that sad excuse for facial hair off."

Leonel's air of confidence hung over the battlefield, completely overshadowing Lionel's bloodthirsty aura. The stark difference between the two men was apparent at a single glance.

Just looking at Leonel's back and feeling the security of his Domain made the youths following feel a second wind hit their sails.

They had just fought a bloody battle over the course of several hours, how could they not feel tired? But now, they felt as though they could battle for several hours more.

PCHU!

The sudden sound caught everyone off guard. In such an atmosphere, it was the last sound one expected to hear. It was the kind of change that left everyone dazed.

Coach Owen looked down, only to find a bloody hole in his gut. Blood overflowed so densely that it almost looked like a waterfall of black, fusing into his dark military garb without a sense of how precious it was.

With a splutter, blood leaked out from Coach Owen's lips, running over his chin and down his neck. He felt his life quickly draining from him.

Lionel looked toward Coach Owen, a slight light illuminating his eye for the first time. But, this light held no humanity. Rather, it held nothing but madness.

"You… You called him Leonel. Why did you call him Leonel? WHY DID YOU CALL HIM LEONEL?!"

[Important Note Below 01/06/22]