White City seemed to have a veil of darkness hanging over it.

This wasn't particularly unexpected. As far as the citizens of White City were aware, they had just lost the war.

The truth of the matter was that with how tight lipped the City Lords had been about this operation, the citizens of Terrain as a whole knew little about what was happening. It was only after they descended onto Earth that these matters were made known to the masses.

Unfortunately for some, not all of the citizens trapped here were even citizens of Terrain. Many had come from other worlds to sight-see and purchase various local delicacies and staples.

But now, for obvious reasons, the teleportation stations had been shut down. So, these tourists were stuck here in a war they wanted no part of. One way or another, these people would never benefit, so it could be imagined how aggrieved they were feeling.

That said, in such a high stakes environment, not many dared to make their displeasure known on a large scale. By the same token, though, those that did dare to voice out their demands most definitely didn't come from simple backgrounds.

This only added to the underlying tension the city was under.

It was this situation that Leonel and Aina walked into. They looked toward the looming city gates in silence, their demeanors serious.

"Are you sure you want to do this? Why even risk it?" Aina asked. "It can't be for the money, right?"

Aina could easily see the value of White City. But, unlike the other nobles, Leonel didn't really have any background. As such, he didn't have subordinates in the truest sense. He didn't have anyone who knew how to manage or run a city, nor did he have anyone who could protect and maintain order.

Though he technically had those 250 geniuses including Nile, they had been recalled to the capital. In addition, they couldn't be truly considered Leonel's men. After all, he had only known them for a short while.

That said, if those youths knew that this was Leonel's thinking, they would be greatly disappointed. Though they had only been with Leonel for a short time, the impression he had left on them was everlasting. They were more than willing to follow him if they were just asked.

But, Leonel hadn't thought so far ahead. He didn't plan on staying on Earth for much longer. The time for Valiant Heart Mountain's entrance ceremony was quickly coming up, so any thoughts of building up a faction on Earth was too far from Leonel's mind.

At that moment, the gates to the city opened as a familiar entourage of people walked out. Among them, there was Tyrron who seemed to have gotten a new pair of glasses. But, compared to the last pair, it was clear that this one wasn't a treasure, so Leonel didn't say anything about it.

Tyrron smiled lightly when he laid eyes on Leonel and Aina walking hand in hand.

"I'll be leaving this City in your capable hands, then, Prince Leonel." Tyrron smiled lightly.

This was the first time Leonel had heard his voice. Even during the negotiations for Camelot, he hadn't breathed a single word.

Hearing it now, Leonel felt that his voice was quite soothing, almost too much so. Such a person had the right to treat their words like gold. It was simply too pleasing to listen to him.

Not only was his voice deep, but it came out with a certain smoothness that resonated with the heart. One would think you were being lulled into a land of dreams just being near him.

That said, while Tyrron's expression was amiable, the aids following him were quite obviously displeased. Leonel, didn't pay very much attention to them, though.

Leonel nodded lightly, a warm smile on his face as well.

"I'll have to thank you, then. Your efforts are appreciated."

Tyrron nodded in response, allowing Leonel and Aina to pass them by and enter the city. The clicking of the large gates caused the ground to tremble. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Tyrron and his entourage walked away, brandishing talismans of their own for their use to return to Earth. But, by this point, one of the women following behind him couldn't hold back anymore.

"Junior Grand Prime Minister, this is really too much!"

The blond young lady stamped her feet, feeling aggrieved. They had already slaved for the past week trying to get the City in tiptop shape. Just when it was finally about time for them to reap their rewards, some long lost Prince swooped in and stole all their hard work. How could she not be pissed?

To make matters worse, though some of them had suggested undoing the work they had done and causing some petty problems for Leonel, Tyrron rejected their thoughts in the end.

Ultimately, Leonel was handed a city on a silver platter and hardly had to do any work. At this point, his only task was to maintain.

Yet, their Junior Grand Prime Minister acted as though these matters had nothing to do with him, walking away with a light smile on his face that hadn't faded even now.

Seeing that Tyrron didn't explain, the blond young lady was practically blowing steam out of her ears. Her foot stamped the ground again, but her strength was so great this time that spider webs formed beneath her heals.

Somehow, though, her shoes survived the devastation, it was clear that they weren't normal by any stretch.

Still, this young lady had the right to be quite willful. At the very least, there were very few people who could reprimand her. Though she didn't have a title like Junior Governor Duke, her father and mother both were from Tier 9 Court Minister families. Her standing was even higher than a Junior Governor Duke as a result.

The untitled nobles of The Capital were more respected than out-of-Capital nobles by a large margin, especially Tier 9 Officials.

"This is just the way of the world." Tyrron replied with a smile. "The powerful do as they please and the weak move aside. Is there really any problem with that?"

A silence fell over the entourage, the sound of their footsteps resounding through the darkness.