Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"I guess that's your choice then."

Leonel's palm flipped over. Before anyone could react, his bow had been nocked with three arrows. Though his gaze was indifferent, a stifling killing intent loomed overhead.

"I'll ask you one more time. Are you three going to step out on your own, or would you rather and arrow through the head?"

Leonel speaking out the exact number made those who had just been hesitating feel their hearts seize. How did he know this?

The worst part was that Leonel had come to them before they could even think of reporting these matters.

It was difficult to tell exactly what was going on in the city, so those who were spies could only rely on their abilities. But, before they got a good understanding of what was happening, Leonel had appeared here and startled them all awake.

"You aren't even people of Terrain. Is money really worth your life?"

Leonel's back flexed, pulling his bowstring back.

Tyrron wouldn't make the mistake of taking these people at their words. If they were here, that meant that they most definitely were people of other worlds. As for how Tyrron knew this, Leonel wasn't sure. But, Leonel himself could pick out the subtle differences.

Of course, a person from a world wouldn't necessarily have the same appearances. This wasn't a matter of how they looked, but rather about the way the energies around them behaved. People from the same world had subtle nuances about them that Leonel was able to pick out.

Just from a casual observation, Leonel was able to pick out these people with ease.

That said, there was no telling if Leonel was correct. It was always possible that these people had deeper ties to Terrain than it seemed. But, it was worth a try.

"Alright then. Die."

Leonel's gaze sharpened, landing on the first figure.

Just as his bowstring was about to be released, two figures dashed forward, quickly falling to their knees.

"I surrender! I surrender!"

They both spoke in unison, their head lowered to the ground. It was clear that they were too afraid to even look up.

Before, they had thought that Leonel was just bluffing. But, after Leonel not only spoke out with the number of them that there were, but also locked his aura onto them, they felt as though they had fallen into the pits of despair. The only ways they could see to save their own lives was by surrendering.

"Hmph. Just a bunch of trash."

When others heard this voice, they were surprised to find that the obese merchant was on the other side of it. This man who seemed to be all talk and no substance actually had the gall to say such a thing at this moment?

"You're quite bold, brat." The obese merchant snarled. "How did you manage to pick us out?"

Leonel gazed indifferently at the obese merchant who very clearly had no intention of begging for his life like the two before him. At the same time, though, Leonel also had no intention of explaining how he had done things. Since it was related to his ability, why would he expose such things about himself?

The obese merchant snarled when he noticed that Leonel had no intention of saying anything.

"Even if you knew that we were responsible, you should have turned your head the other way, kid. Do you think that the Milky Way Guild is an existence you can afford to offend?"

The obese merchant began to speak of his background again. But, whereas last time it came off more like a spoiled brat talking about his rich parents, at this moment, it felt as though a mountain was weighing down on all those around him.

This was no longer an explanation. It was a threat.

"Since you're a fledgling world, I don't mind explaining. Earth is only located on a tiny little wing of the Milky Way Galaxy. Even if your technology was at its peak, you could at best travel to another wing if you spent your whole lifetimes on it.

"But, the Milky Way Galaxy has control of all the trade roots of this quadrant. It's impossible for a --."

Leonel suddenly held up a hand. With a thought, the little mink appeared, holding a familiar disk-like dictionary in his little paws. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Who is the highest ranking member of the Milky Way Guild?"

The obese merchant sneered. What did this little brat think that he was doing? Were these matters something an infant world like Earth would know? Did he really think that his little informational treasure would be able to give him such information? Was this supposed to be a comedy skit?

[*Ping*]

[ Replying to Seed, the highest ranking member of the Milky Way Guild is Augustus Ovilteen ]

"And what's his strength level."

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, Augustus Ovilteen, when last displaying his prowess, showed strength nearing the Sixth Dimension ]

"What are the odds Augustus will care about a Fourth Dimensional One Star Black Merchant?"

The obese merchant nearly choked on his spit, his visage becoming deathly pale. Calling the President of the Milky Way Guild by his first name as though it was a non-issue? Just who was this kid? And what the hell is that disk?

The merchant had heard that Earth was a treasure trove of wealth, but seeing it with his own eyes made him feel as though he had lived his life to this point for naught.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, it depends on if matters are related to Earth or not ]

Leonel nodded.

Earth was too much of a temptation. Even if this Augustus wouldn't normally care about the life of a One Star Black merchant, if it came down to it and he could use it as an excuse to stretch his hands toward Earth, he wouldn't hesitate.

In fact, considering there was a Merchant here at all likely meant that his sights were already locked onto their world.

Since this was the case… How should he deal with this matter…?