Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The situation at The Capital only seemed to be growing worse. With the exception of Noah and Tyrron, the fighting prowess of the Eartherners seemed to have hit rock bottom. In fact, the nerf on their strength had increased by several level due to unknown reasons just moments ago.

They were continuously driven backward, retreating again and again until it seemed as though they didn't have any recourse left.

By now, barely half a kilometer to Noah's back, the thick trunk of the second layer could be found. Any advantage they had had from the higher ground provided by the first layer had completely vanished, leaving almost everyone on equal footing.

Luckily, the branches of the second layer had gained some artillery units. Rains of bullets and arrows flew down from above, covering the Terrain army. However, after finally gaining a taste of success after so long, the invaders seemed to have gained? numerous second and third winds. They finally saw a crack in the armor that was the talents of Earth, how could they not take advantage.

Their fervor reached new levels, their blood rushing through to their ears and their skin becoming flushed. War cries left their mouths one after another, bearing down on The Capital with heavy steps.

To Earth, they were defending their home, it was only right they had a fire lit in their bellies. However, to Terrain, this was about their futures.

All those who could fight on these battlefields were men and women who held astounding strength and power. They mingled with the upper echelons of society and saw Terrain for what it was…

A dying world.

If they wanted a better future for their children, for their families… for themselves, the only path forward was to take down Earth. There was no going back, there were no re-dos, this was the reality of the Dimensional Verse.

It was a land where worlds fell every minute of everyday. But, by the same token, there were just as many that rose up.

The question was whether it would be Earth or Terrain.

…

Pincering The Capital from two sides, there were two cities. Whereas every other Province only gained the focus of one, The Capital was worthy of double this.

Understanding this much, it was no wonder, then, that the Slayer Legion was in such a bad position. The balance of power on Terrain were the Cities versus the Powers. However, there were only 3 Powers for 12 Cities.

The Slayer Legion was essentially facing half of Terrain's strength all on their own.

Of course, things were actually more complicated than this.

For one, the Slayer Legion wielded more strength than it seemed. Though their overall strength was less than that of The Empire, the difference wasn't exaggerated. As a hidden trump card of The Ascension Empire, it was only right that they wield a certain amount of strength.

Secondly, the Cities wielded more strength than they displayed to the Powers. Since they had been planning this invasion for so long, how could they waste their resources on a civil war? The truth was that if the Cities wanted… They could have wiped the Powers from existence whenever they wanted. It was just that the benefit wasn't worth it.

If one were to take an objective look at it, two Cities were enough to give the Powers an intense battle to the death. Three Cities were enough to give them a 60% chance of winning. Four Cities almost guaranteed victory at an 80-90% probability.

This was all to say that The Capital was under a tremendous amount of strain already… And it only made it worse that the two cities attacking it were among the most powerful.

One was obvious… Keafir City, the City in the lead of this Invasion took the helm at one cardinal direction. But, the second City was also easily recognizable. In fact, its aura was even somewhat suppressive of Keafir City simply due to the sheer imagery it portrayed.

It had tall, steel black walls, filled with sharp spikes that would make scaling them impossible. Just the walls themselves stood at double the height of any other City wall to this point and its aura was just as dark.

Billowing black smoke jetting out from buildings hidden behind the tall walls. It was impossible to tell where this smoke was coming from unless you had a vantage point from the sky. But, just judging by the heavily armored brutes that made up their army, one would think that they were being churned out of factories which would more than explain the billowing black smoke. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The footsteps of these warriors were heavy, their every step causing the earth to quake. Each and every one of them wielded a polearm weapon as though afraid they wouldn't seem manly enough. Even the exceptions to this wielded massive great swords the size of their bodies.

It was simply an army right out of nightmares. They didn't blink an eye in the face of death, their forward momentum was dauntless and impossible to stop, and their strikes were powerful and relentless.

This was the army of Black City, a city that Leonel would recognize well, not because he had laid eyes upon it, but rather because he was familiar with their young Heir… Jefrach Black.

Jefrach stood atop the city walls, the complicated feelings he had been holding onto having long since vanished. His head reflected beneath the sunlight, his dark armor becoming scorching beneath the heat.

'Today… This Capital falls.'

To now, they had only been sending out foot soldiers. But now, their true assault would begin.

On the opposite side of the Province, Keafir City's gates began to slowly open as though in perfect sync with Black City.

Sharp sword auras soared through the skies, filling The Capital with the sound of crossing and sharpening blades.

The elites of the two cities slowly marched forward. At the head of one army, there was Jefrach and his father, City Lord Black. At the head of the other, there was Anared and his father, City Lord Keafir.

All four looked toward the City as though watching a beast on its death throes.

However, it was at that moment that the situation changed again.

Space distorted, a third city appearing in the sky. It crashed down with a force that could destroy mountains, landing on the ground and sending a quaking force throughout The Capital.

Its gates soon opened, row after row of soldiers marching toward The Capital from a third direction.

Hargrove City had appeared again, and it reeked of blood.