Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

559  DO NOT UNLOCK

DO NOT UNLOCK

I'M SORRY, MISTAKES WERE MADE

The Faerie King's eleventh son seemed to have trouble breathing. But, he eventually shook his head and grit his teeth, his words eventually coming out in a steady flow. "According to reports, Littlest Sister recently used her name to access one of our vaults in Osiris through the Mercenary Guild. She withdrew a small sum for unknown reasons. But regardless, she should be in Osiris right now."

The Faerie King frowned. Osiris? Wasn't that the dream world formed by the Mercenary Guild? Why would his daughter be there? Unless…

"She found her Life Partner?" The Faerie King asked with a dark expression. "We can't be sure, but after some digging we did find that she entered with a human boy."

"Find out this boy's information." The Faerie King replied, his voice tinged with a hint of cold. Osiris was a dream world. This essentially meant that it couldn't count as a location. Even if they knew she was in Osiris, there was no telling what world she had gone off to and where she was connecting to Osiris from. Since, in all likelihood, she was connecting to Osiris by proxy of this Life Partner, then the best way to find her was to find him. Then, they could make a complicated matter simple. "We've already tried, father. But…"

The Faerie King's expression grew colder. "But what?"

A chilly aura gripped the meditation room, refusing to let go. "… The information is sealed off."

"Then contact someone to unseal it."

The Faerie King spoke of violating the core laws of the Mercenary Guild as though they were nothing. This was precisely why Ryu had known not to trust it and why he didn't dare to use his own bank accounts even after reincarnating. In the Martial World, rules were only followed by the weak. The Faerie King might not have been a Sky God, but just how many Sky Gods had there been in Cultus Clan history? Plus, with his current status, he could just barely carry just as much sway as a Sky God could. This was how heavy his every word was. Something like unsealing classified information of a singular individual was no problem at all. "This…" Elafaren's eleventh son hesitated again. "What's the problem? Speak."

"Father, I already tried requesting such information already. Unfortunately, the information is sealed, even beyond what our word can unseal. It's likely that this boy has joined a Faction."

The Faerie King's expression flickered, a light of fury deep within them. A Faction? Who cared. A damned Faction dared to stand in the way of information about his daughter? Were they tired of living?

"Father, the situation is more complicated. The boy has joined the Faction of the Saintly Weapon Sky God. That man has always been an eccentric and is practically impossible to contact. There's no telling where he is now. "He has no subordinates, so the only person we can contact to release this information would be him personally. There aren't even any members running his Faction at all, our hands are tied."

The Faerie King's expression twitched several times. It was clear his anger had reached the point of imploding, but he didn't know where to vent it. A Sky God with no fetters like the Saintly Weapon Sky God was the most difficult to deal with. If such an existence was offended…. Who could bear the rage of a Sky God without worries? The only thing that stopped Sky Gods with grudges against one another from acting indiscriminately were their families and descendants. No one wanted to see their hard work of countless epochs come crashing down before their eyes. However, what if a Sky God didn't have such worries?

"Why him?" The Faerie King's brow furrowed. As far as he was aware, the Saintly Weapon Sky God had only joined the Mercenary Guild due to convenience. After all, their restrictions on their members wer practically non-existent. Logically, such a person shouldn't accept anyone into their faction. So, how had this boy been accepted? ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Husband."

At that moment, another woman walked into the meditation room. But, compared to how the others were treated, no one dared to get in the way of this woman. Everything from her gait to the slight swaying of her hips exuded perfection. This woman was none other than Elafaren's first wife, his Queen, and Ailsa's mother, Sacia Cultus. Sacia only had two children. One elder son and one youngest daughter. Unfortunately, her son had died to an incident that occurred long before Ailsa's birth. So, it was clear that even in comparison to the Faerie King, Sacia was even more concerned about the whereabouts of her daughter. "Sacia? Is something the matter?" Elafaren's expression softened considerably. He stowed away his coldness with an unnatural swiftness the moment he laid eyes on his wife. "Where's my Ailsa?" Sacia said softly. Though her demeanor was elegant, her expressions seemed to carry a slight sickliness to them that made one want to protect her with all their might. Elafaren took a deep breath. "I will find her."

Sacia smiled somewhat bitterly. She had heard these words many times before, but they never came to fruition. "Little Ailsa just doesn't understand…" Elafaren sighed, rubbing his temples. Life Partners seemed to be a great tradition of the Faeries… But the truth was that this was only a responsibility of the commoners amongst Faeries. Faerie royalty were far too valuable to simply hand away to an unknown Life Partner, and this was especially so for Ailsa. Not only was Ailsa the child of the Faerie King, but her mother was of a background that even the Faerie King himself always remained silent about. And, as important as these matters were, Ailsa was also the most suited to take up his position once he chose to retire. With her talent, she shouldn't even be very far from having the strength necessary to accomplish this either. But, after Ailsa found the notes left behind by her elder brother all those years ago, her feelings toward Life Partners seemed to take a complete turn around. Before them as her parents could even comprehend the changes occurring to their daughter, Ailsa had disappeared to places unknown and had already been gone for over nine cycles of one hundred million years. Important Links

 