Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Somehow, even compared to the other bodies constantly falling on the battlefield, Roaring Black Lion's was especially resounding. Maybe it was because his body was so large, maybe it was because he was their previous beacon of hope, or maybe it was because he was the first to die in such cruel fashion.

There wasn't a long drawn out battle, no final valiant words, no last gaze of defiance… There was nothing but a wave of a hand and an abrupt gurgling noise.

Then, there was the splash. They had never thought that a sound so benign could ring through their souls with such harshness.

His body slapped against the ocean waters, his blood pooling into a fog of liquid violet. But this time, the change to the waters didn't seem keen on dispersing so quickly. It continued to thicken, growing dense to the point the violet turned toward red before reaching a dense blackness that perfectly suited the call of death.

"Noisy."

Raynred shook his head, cleaning out his ears with a finger. Roaring Black Lion's voice was indeed booming, especially with his ability. Unfortunately, it was grating on the ears. Raynred didn't have the patience to deal with it.

The youths looked at Roaring Black Lion's corpse, their bodies trembling. It felt as though their hearts were being ripped out from their chests.

Compared to the other youths of the Slayer Legion, this group was especially close. They had all survived the events of the Force Eruption together. They had learned to lean on one another for strength and companionship.

Even though they had had some clashes between each other back then, it had ultimately brought them closer.

And yet, someone they had just been fighting side by side with was dead. Just like that.

His body swayed in the waters, his bestial form slowly shrinking back to reveal the face of an ordinary young man. He had dark skin and thick hair. His face had gone slack in his death, but it was enough to accentuate his sharp features and charismatic aura.

This was the first time any of them were seeing Roaring Black Lion's face. The last time his mask fell off after a transformation, it was Leonel who helped him cover up before others could lay eyes on him. But, somehow, seeing his face now hit them all harder than a truck.

He just looked so… Normal.

A young man of not even 20 years of age, dead on the whims of a madman.

"You've heard of him you say? Where is he?"

Raynred turned his attention back to Pisces. Though he spoke these words, his eyes continuously scanned her body as though he couldn't be bothered with the response.

In truth, it really didn't matter much if he found Leonel now or later, the result would be effectively the same. There was still time before Valiant Heart Mountain's admissions activated and it was highly unlikely Leonel would be able to leave Earth. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The tickets to other worlds might be an easy matter for well established worlds. But, to fledgling worlds like Earth, their value was no less than that of a Tier 9 Black Treasure.

According to reports, as expected, Leonel had relied on Terrain's teleportation channels to make it back to Earth, which meant whatever talismans he had used to come to Terrain in the first place were used up. If not for this, why would he risk entering a city of Terrain? It would have been safer to not do so if he could help it.

Ultimately, there was no place for Leonel to run. He would land in his hands one way or another soon enough along with Aina.

Pisces hesitated.

"This… I'm not exactly certain of where he is. He was expelled from our Slayer Legion and placed on our wanted list."

Raynred frowned when he heard these words. Wasn't this as good as telling him nothing at all? What was the use of saying she knew him, then?

Sensing the change in Raynred's mood, Pisces panicked somewhat, a cold sweat matting her back. She wracked her brain, practically flipping it over again and again as though to wring out the dregs of her memory.

Luckily, her efforts paid off. Her eyes lit up, something finally clicking.

"I know! I'm not sure if he's there now, but I heard that he once caused a big commotion at Royal Blue Fort. He used to be a famous football player and was well known in the Province. In all likelihood, he has some close ties to the people in Royal Blue Fort."

Raynred's expression softened. "Oh? Is that so?"

Pisces nodded hurriedly, she was practically as obedient as a kitten.

"Royal Blue Province? We received some information about that Province… How convenient, it should be really close to this location."

Raynred mused, rubbing his chin and looking across the battlefield.

Seeing Hutch in such a sorry state and how everything seemed to be turning in their favor, he realized that his services probably wouldn't be needed on this battlefield for much longer. Soon, he'd be able to take his own personal troop to this Royal Blue Fort to see what was happening. If he could find Leonel, then good. Aina probably wouldn't be far away. But, if he couldn't find Leonel…

Well, this little girl made quite an interesting point. Since that Province was his home, there probably weren't a small number of people who had connections to him over there, right?

After Raynred finished his musings, he looked toward the remaining youths. They stared daggers at him, each of them with hearts filled with endless fury.

However, as furious as they were, Raynred's next words made them feel as though they had been plunged into the depths of hell.

"Well, there's not really a point in any of you existing any longer, right?"

Raynred flicked out with his fingers again, causing several more geniuses of the Slayer Legion to fall.

Flowing Wind stood frozen in time, a bloody smile hanging on her lips. Though it was a smile, it was filled with bitterness.

'You know, if this was a movie, you'd be swooping down right about now. Don't you think you're a bit late, handsome…?'

Flowing Wind's consciousness slowly faded to black, her last thoughts being of Leonel's face.