Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"… So what are you trying to say, exactly?"

Elorin swung his blade down again, a mark of complete indifference on his face. He reaped another life with ease, the bloodiness of the battlefield seemingly having nothing to do with him.

"I'm saying that it's not yet time. You're a smart boy, do I really need to repeat myself?"

"It isn't that I don't understand what you're saying. It's more so that it doesn't make much sense. If now isn't the best time, then when else could possibly be?"

Looking at the state of the battlefield, Elorin thought that the caller on the other side much be pulling some sort of practical joke.

The casualties the Slayer Legion had tallied up to now numbered in the several thousand and these were among their elites. These sort of warriors couldn't just grow on trees. To make matters worse, Elorin was certain that The Capital was on its last legs as well.

The last reports they received detailed the three cities having all the momentum in the world to storm their way to the third layer, having already breached the second layer. By all rights, if this wasn't the appropriate time to act, then when was? Were they supposed to wait until Earth already fell into the hands of another?

"The time isn't right." The voice responded.

"If you're abandoning me just say so." Elorin said plainly, his expression not even fluctuating. "There's no need to beat around the bush like this.

"I hope you remember that you all are the ones who approached me first. With or without you, I will accomplish my goals. This is a new world order and there's an entire universe waiting to set the stage for talents like me. I don't need fair weather 'helpers' who won't show their faces."

The voice chuckled, clearly not minding Elorin's words.

"You're misunderstanding, Elorin. Also, you sound very mighty currently. But, you seem to have forgotten that you weren't the first to complete their Zone, you were second. And, that's just of this generation. As Earth continues to grow and evolve, and things settle down to the point people begin to have children again, the talents birthed with each successive generation will only grow more and more talented.

"So, before you begin puffing out that prepubescent chest of yours, you should remember that you aren't even the best on your own world. It isn't quite time for you to be thinking of the expanse of the universe just yet."

Elorin didn't seem to be enraged by these words either, his expression completely even keeled. He didn't seem to be insulted in the slightest. In fact, at the moment, he felt that he had already said all that needed to be said. There was no need to continue this conversation.

Just as he was about to hang up, the voice spoke again.

"The young are so impatient, but sure, I don't mind tossing you a bone.

"We aren't abandoning you. We aren't making a move because it truly isn't time to do so just yet. You forget that we have talents of our own that have hardly stepped onto Earth's stage. According to our analysis, Earth hasn't quite reached the brink just yet, at least not for another few hours…

"Only when our victory is guaranteed will we move. Until then, sit tight and don't die."

After saying these words, the voice cut the call, leaving Elorin to his own thoughts.

Not long later, Elorin looked up, his machete reaping another life.

Since it wasn't yet time, it seemed he would have to put in some effort. After a while, his eyes landed on Raynred. With every flicker of his fingers, another young elite fell no matter how hard they fought.

It wasn't that this batch wasn't talented. If it wasn't for the suppression of the Puppet Master, three or four of them would have been enough to take on Raynred to a standstill. But, with the sluggishness they were experiencing, not even the several dozens of them that there were could even put up a fight.

By now, among those that remained, Flowing Wind and many others had already died. Of those that Leonel would even recognize, only Thunderous Clap and Chasing Wind remained. But, it was clear that if they were any more unlucky, their lives would be next.

'Hm, I guess you'll do.' Elorin thought indifferently, flickering across the battlefield.

…

Hutch took long, steady breaths, blood drizzling out between his lips. By now, the normally bouncy old man was pulling himself thin.

When facing those weaklings, the suppression on his abilities meant little. He could still reap their lives with ease. But now, it became obvious that his weapon mastery wasn't allowing him to ignore the suppression. Rather, he was siphoning some of his strength away in exchange for a smaller amount of suppression.

This was effectively still weakening him considerably, but there was nothing he could do about it. If he didn't defeat these three before him, the Slayer Legion was finished.

**

As bad as the situation on the Slayer Legion's battlefield was, the situation at The Capital was far worse. In fact, the three cities had already bulldozed their way through the second layer. They were so comfortable in their position that the cities had been teleported forward once more. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

From the base of The Capital, the Cities moved to the second layer, laying upon the thick branches of the ancient tree-like space.

The youths continued to fight, but the death of Nile was still fresh on their minds. To make matters worse, more than just Nile had died to this point. It felt as though their own legend was crumbling before their very own eyes.

Noah protected Jessica to his back, a stoic expression on his face. Every time Jessica tried to step forward, he would send another glare in her direction.

"You can control beasts from here." He would growl, his face showing about as much emotion as he usually would over the course of an entire year.

Noah breathed heavily, his blue saber laying across his chest as he blocked the blow of three sword strikes at once.

His knees wobbled. It wasn't because the strikes were too heavy, but rather because his legs were simply too tired. This battle of defense had already been fought for over a half day. Even with his stamina, he was simply reaching the end of his rope.

In the distance, he locked eyes onto Jefrach who was slaughtering as he pleased, swinging around two hammers like a madman. Every body that made contact burst into a rain of blood and gore.

'I need to take out the strongest of them… To give everyone a chance.' Noah took a deep breath, trying to find a second wind somewhere deep within.

He was the Prince of an Empire. This was his world. He wouldn't allow them to trample upon Earth as they pleased.

Noah looked up. As the legend went, there wasn't a single place in The Capital one couldn't see the Palace from. But, even now, it remained completely unmoving. Was his grandfather going to wait until they charged through the gates to finally do something?

Noah dug deep and roared, pushing the three swordsman back before slashing them apart.

He looked up one last time as though trying to find the courage he needed to face this enemy. But, what he saw this time was completely out of his expectations.

In his line of sight, blocking his view of the Palace, a young man had suddenly appeared in the skies, a young woman wearing a blue veined mask strapped to his back.

He stood silently, but somehow, the eyes of most on the battlefield couldn't help but drift toward him, his cold eyes sending shivers down their spine.

Leonel didn't seem to notice how many eyes were on him. His gaze swept through the second layer, landing on Hargrove City.

Without a word, his figure flickered, appearing above the city walls in a flash, landing atop the gates with a resounding BANG!

Before anyone could react, the City's gates crumbled before erupting into a pillar of flames that shot into the sky, lighting up the battlefield.

A single man stood amidst the wreckage, his gaze filled with a furious light.