Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Just when Hargrove felt as though he had no choice but to accept his death, a streaking sword light tore its way through the skies, clashing against the descending javelin and forcing it off its path. It was clear that compared to Leonel who needed several arrows, this sword Master only needed one attack.

Even after he had been saved, Hargrove stood frozen in place, unbelieving of what had just happened.

In that instant, Leonel hadn't suppressed him with strength. Objectively, even with the help of Universal Force, Leonel's strength was at most approaching his, but it most definitely didn't surpass it.

It was as though he had stretched out his neck asking to die. For some reason, he acknowledged Leonel as a superior and felt that going against him was no different than blaspheming a God.

The realization made him burst out into a fit of cold sweats. Just who was this boy? And what was this aura that perpetually exuded from him?

Leonel shifted his gaze toward the source of the sword light. His patience was running as thin as it could. Every time he was close to accomplishing what needed to be done, someone else would interfere. And, every time it happened, his bloodthirst would reach deeper into a hellish abyss, digging toward a level of murderous intent that solidified beneath the night sky.

Anared raced across the battlefield as his sword zipped back to his side. A flicker of a frown graced his usually indifferent face. However, after a moment, his jaw steeled.

In a flash, he made it to Hargrove's side, looking up toward Leonel who was still in the skies.

In the distance, Noah's frown deepened.

"We need to help him."

Nika, one of the few surviving members of Leonel and Noah's troops whispered, her voice almost coming out like a whimper.

Among the geniuses, her ability was the least conducive to battle, but that ironically left her somewhat better off. After all, she was used to battling from the weaker position.

But now, seeing Leonel alone in the distance and noticing that more were suddenly converging in that direction after acknowledging his threat, she still felt that they should risk it to do something.

Unfortunately, even as she said the words, she knew how foolish it all was.

The reason Terrain could continuously send reinforcements to Hargrove City was because the city was to the back of their charge. It was one thing to send people backward, but if they wanted to help Leonel, they would have to cross the defensive line of all these armies.

It was simply... impossible.

Plus, even if they could reach Leonel, could they even afford to do so? The battle had slowed to a crawl due to the commotion, but that didn't change the fact they were in a terrible situation. It didn't even make sense to think of helping Leonel when they couldn't even help themselves.

At that moment, many more were converging onto Hargrove City, peeling away from the frontlines and going to provide support.

Even if Anared and Hargrove had gone, there was still City Lord Black and Anared's father remaining. These two alone had already been giving The Capital more than they could handle.

Still, at that moment, there were three familiar figures watching on from Keafir City. Compared to Hargrove City, their walls were the picture of piece without a single Eartherner within several kilometers.

Syl and Rie frowned when they saw their brother going off to battle Leonel. Compared to the past, this confrontation was much different. It was very likely that one of them would die.

Normally, they wouldn't think Leonel would stand a chance. But, the death of the 12 giants was seared into their minds, refusing to let go.

Among the three, the only one that remained indifferent was the Young Mistress, Anared's fiancee.

"There's no need to worry. There's no suspense to this battle." Heira spoke simply.

"Sister-in-law?"

"You're worried about the attack that took out the giants?"

"Yes... will brother be alright?" Syl clenched her teeth.

If she had to choose between Leonel and her brother, wasn't the choice obvious? Plus... RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Syl looked toward the girl strapped to Leonel's back...

Hadnt he made his choice very clear too?

"There's no need to worry about that attack, its very circumstantial and requires preparation. I didn't expect Leonel to be so skilled in Force Arts, but unless he has another earthquake-like event to rely on like in his initial attack, he won't be able to do as he pleases. And, even if he did, Anared should have long since seen what I've seen. He won't allow him what he needs to succeed."

It was only after hearing these words that Syl managed to calm, looking back toward the battlefield with her hands gripped against her chest.

Rie stood by her side, her gaze twinkling. But, no one knew what was going through her simple mind.

"If you leave now and agree to marry my sister as you were meant to, I can give you a path for survival." Anared said plainly, the rhythm of his heart extraordinarily steady. "However, that woman on your back needs to die."

Leonel didn't respond for a long while, looking down toward Anared with a gaze just as steady, an expression just as indifferent.

Eventually, his gaze shifted back toward Hargrove.

The City Lord still seemed shaken by Leonel's earlier display, the beating of his heartbeat having yet to slow.

"With me here, you won't be able to kill him. Why even waste your time?" Anared continued to speak, his habit of saying too many words for a supposedly cold person seeping through again.

"This is the third time."

Leonel's voice carried a bone chilling cold to them. His aura was decidedly dark, carrying an oppression that was almost tangible in the air.

"The first time you insulted her, you were saved by the attendants of Brave City.

"The second time you insulted her, you were saved by the Savants of Earth.

"And this third time here... who do you think will be able to save you this time?"

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

Before anyone could understand what Leonel meant, his bow had been swapped for a spear.

Even more quickly than that, a siege crossbow appeared, hanging in the air as though it had always been there.

Anared's expression changed but it was already too late. A siege crossbow appearing at near point-blank range was devastating.

He dove out of the way instinctively, his body rolling along the ground and completely losing his indifferent aura.

SHUUUUUUUU!

Anared scrambled along the ground, the shackles on his strength being loosened one after another. Without a choice, he released all of his trump cards, his aura climbing to a level even faintly surpassing the 12 Demigod level Giants.

However, the results were completely outside of his expectations.

The crossbow blasted through Hargrove's body.

For a moment, the City Lord looked down at himself, an incredulous expression plastered on his face. But, in the next moment, his body imploded, the force winds of the bolt tearing him apart from the inside out.

The last thing the City Lord saw was Leonel's flickering silhouette, ignoring both him and Anared as though they weren't even worthy of his attention.

He appeared above the City Lord Mansion, his aura billowing, his presence Towering.

"This is the third and final time I'll say this...

"GET THE HELL OUT HERE!"

Leonel's roar sent rippling waves through the skies, more than 50 siege crossbows appearing in the sky around him as he bombarded what remained of the once proud Mansion.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!