Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel flew backward at an astonishing pace, but he simply seemed to glide through the air at the end, sliding across the ground on his own two feet when he made contact with the earth.

His eyes still vacant, Leonel looked down at the hole in his stomach. It hadn't gone all the way through and with the sturdiness of his physique, he could flex and keep his inner organs from spilling out. In fact, after perfecting his Metal Body foundation, his vitality had reached inhuman levels. Even if the wound had gone all the way through him, he would likely still be able to fight.

His mind went through several indifferent calculations before a spark lit his free hand. He pinched at his wound, searing it closed as though he was welding metal rather than his own body.

Without looking up, Leonel sidestepped, illusory golden wings seemingly forming to his back.

BANG!

The Puppet Master landed to his side, its expression flickering between thirst and rationality. Eventually, thirst won out and it surged toward Leonel again.

A flurry of exchanges erupted between the two, the Puppet Master sending out four or five strikes for Leonel's every one. But, as though he was playing a game of chess, Leonel's dodging would always put him in the perfect position to counter come the fifth strike.

Unfortunately, the moment he did attack, he would be send flying once again, the wounds on his body accumulating at an alarming speed.

Leonel picked himself up from the ground again, searing a wound on his shoulder closed.

His spear spun in his hand, suddenly swinging backward.

What once were his vacant eyes lit with fury once again.

The Puppet Master swatted Leonel's spear aside, causing a violent, rebounding upsurge to travel up the latter's arm. It felt as though his arm might shatter at that very moment, but he stood his ground, his hips fighting against the momentum and completing his turn to face the Puppet Master.

Reacting quickly, the Puppet Master sent a palm strike at Leonel's chest. But, Leonel managed to cross his left arm across it first.

The horrible sound of a bone splintering in two sounded as Leonel's forearm bent beneath the pressure.

However, as though he didn't notice what happened, Leonel raised his right arm into the air, striking down with his spear with all the strength he could muster.

Unfortunately, a kick of the Puppet Master found him before he could even make it half way. The difference between their speed of attack was simply too drastic.

Oddly enough, it felt like Leonel's combat experience was greater. But, in the larger scheme, even that didn't matter.

As though watching the replaying of the same movie, Leonel was sent flying again. His body twisting in the air to protect Aina.

"Interesting, interesting. I believe I understand now. Your ability must be mental as well... it's no wonder you protected yourself from me... well, no. Even then, its still quite baffling. I can only say that the people of Earth have more talent than even I previously guessed..."

The blood lust within the Puppet Master's eyes had long since faded. After several exchanges, it felt as though it was tightening a noose around its own neck. Battling with Leonel was like sinking into a quagmire, your every step only brought you deeper into his world.

It was quite ironic. The Puppet Master had lived in the Mountain Sands Range for most of its life, a place known for this very ability. But, it still felt like Leonel was far more deserving of such a title.

"But it doesn't matter much. You're too weak. Why you chose to come here is beyond me. And, even if you had the strength to face me..."

The Puppet Master's foot stomped down, its body accelerating to a break neck pace. Its body alone seemed to arch like a bow and crack like a whip, streaking through the broken rubble like a comet.

The speed the Puppet Master touched upon now seemed to be a completely different level to before, as though it was simply toying with Leonel previously.

In a blink, it appeared to Leonel's back, a sinister light in its eyes.

"... Wouldn't i just need to target my Queen?"

Another flicker of rage crept by Leonel's once vacant gaze.

Helplessly, he could only spin his body once more. But, having lost the initiative, it only took two exchanges for him to be sent flying once again.

However, seemingly intent on not giving Leonel any room to breathe, the Puppet Master accelerated again, appearing to Leonel's back once more.

As though bouncing him around an illusory sphere, the Puppet Master hit Leonel back and forth between itself, every strike causing the red light of its eyes to glow fiercer.

The sight of Leonel being beaten and battered seemed to reverberate through the hearts of the Eartherners. Their gazes glazed over with rage, causing them to charge with greater fervor, but the distance was simply too great.

'Dammit, do something!'

Noah roared in his mind. For the first time, he doubted his grandfather. Why was it that even now he refused to act?

Noah had always known that his grandfather cared little for his life. But, he had always accepted this.

As his grandfather had said back then... his father wasn't as good as Leonel's mother... his mother couldn't even look up to Leonel's father... and he wasn't as good as Leonel...

At least that had its own explanation... It was logical. He simply wasn't worthy enough.

But then what reason was there to not help Leonel? Was he still not good enough?

"Why?!"

Noah's furious roar rang through the battlefield, his body expanding to over five meters tall.

His skin shimmered like diamond, his blue blade swinging about madly.

BANG!

The Puppet Master landed a heel from above, practically ignoring the single arm defense of Leonel's spear and sending him spiraling toward the ground.

BANG! Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Leonel foolishly landed on his feet. A sharp pain traveled up his legs, almost shattering his knees.

His body reflexively knelt, his knees heavily slamming against the ground.

A massive crater was dug out around him, his right fist landing before him to stabilize his body as his left arm hung limply. At that moment, he could barely hold his spear within his palm.

A violent cough took what seemed like another liter of blood from his body, his hair hanging heavily before his face, completely hiding his expression.

The Puppet Master descended from the air, landing no more than ten meters from Leonel. Considering his speed, such a gap was no more than the blink of an eye.

By all measures, Leonel was at the end of his rope.

Heira stood atop the Keafir City walls, indifferently looking down. This time, she didn't speak. There was no need to say any words. The result was clear.

'In this world, having too much before you have the strength to protect it is also a sin.'

Anared had similar thoughts, having long since left the region of the battle to avoid the Puppet Master's rampage.

A heavy atmosphere hung in the air as Leonel continued to look at the ground.

By now, he couldn't afford to use his Dreamscape Battle Sense any longer without wringing himself dry, his body was on its last legs, seemingly ready to collapse at any moment, and he could hardly even push himself up to stand.

Yet even now, there wasn't even the slightest speck of dust on Aina's body, let alone an injury.

"I think that's about enough. I hear tenderized meat is exceptional and you are most definitely ready..."

The Puppet Master licked its lips, a slight intoxication on its face.

"4 minutes and 58 seconds."

The Puppet Master frowned.

"4 minutes and 59 seconds."

The Puppet Master's tongue paused, a hint of Leonel's blood sliding down its chin.

Leonel raised his head up, a cold indifference that Heira and Anared would never forget gripping their souls.