Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The appearance of Leonel threw the heavy atmosphere of the Slayer Legion off. Those who recognized him were already surprised enough, but those that didn't were shocked by the sudden change.

Was it another enemy? But if that was the case, why did he call out for a single person?

However, there was no person who reacted more violently than Pisces herself.

How she had managed to survive to this point was a story in and of itself. But, after Elorin joined their battlefield, playing the role of victim was easy enough.

The truth of the matter was that she hadn't technically betrayed the Slayer Legion. Neither Aina nor Leonel was a member of their Legion, so selling information about them didn't?technically put her in the wrong.

Beyond this, most of the witnesses to her folly were dead, having died at Raynred's hands, there were few to even speak on what she had done in the first place. And, even if they did, she would have to be placed on trial according to the rules of the Legion.

By the time such a trial began and ended, even if she was found guilty, the punishment would be exceptionally light. Because, once again... she hadn't truly betrayed anyone of the Slayer Legion.

Pisces could just as easily argue she was simply trying to get Raynred to lower his guard for the sake of a surprise counter attack, while the counter attack itself was no longer useful considering Elorin's interference.

Even beyond this, the few surviving members that remained in Thunderous Clap and Chasing Wind might have bred a dislike for Pisces after what she did to Leonel, but... would the others of the Slayer Legion feel this way as well?

This might be evidence to them to be distrustful of her, but to the other members of the Slayer Legion, she had granted a great service. In fact, in their eyes, the evil character wasn't Pisces, but rather Leonel himself who refused to hand over such a treasure for the sake of the greater good.

And now, with Hutch having sunk into a coma, there wasn't even a person remaining to speak reason.

However, Leonel didn't care about any of this. It was precisely because he knew there would be no justice if he didn't appear personally that he had come here.

Thunderous Clap and Chasing Wind, who had had near dead expressions by this point, suddenly lit up hearing Leonel's voice. In some way or another, this young man had been in their thoughts for months since they last saw him. And now, he had suddenly appeared to redress their grievances.

But... as soon as their gazes lit up, they dimmed down once more.

Even though the Slayer Legion had been decimated, there were still tens of thousands remaining on this battlefield. Beyond this, there was no way they would allow an outsider to kill Pisces before them all even if she was truly in the wrong, let alone the fact there was no real tangible evidence that she was other than their testimonies. And, even in that case, her actions wouldn't warrant a death penalty.

Now, Leonel's own life was in danger.

They didn't know how he had managed to learn of what happened, or if he was only here because Pisces had caused him to be hunted down, but regardless of what it was, this matter wouldn't end so simply.

"Leonel."

Supreme Monet slowly rose, nursing a limp left arm that had been thoroughly bandaged. But, even now, her gaze was lit afire, the air around her crackling.

Her abilities had been severely hampered due to the environment. But, even now she remembered the humiliating words Leonel had spoken to her all those months ago.

In fact, because of how many had died under her command, her prestige in the Slayer Legion had taken a massive dip downward. Of course, how would she ever deem to blame herself for such a thing? In her mind, she had long since held Leonel responsible.

Catris pulled himself up, his empty arm sleeve waving about in the salty winds. He could no longer take out his rage on Hutch without becoming a traitor to the entire Legion, but that wouldn't stop him from taking it out on Leonel.

Badger's gaze locked onto Leonel, fury from Mayfly's death causing his silver wings to tremble.

The waters beneath his feet separated, strong winds spreading apart in all directions. It seemed as though if he was left to his own devices, he wouldn't be satisfied until a tsunami was formed around him.

The surprise about Leonel's arrival soon gave way to a surging tide of animosity as those who had grudges with him locked on. Any fatigue they felt was washed away with the low tide, seemingly prepared to pounce at Leonel at any moment. If it wasn't for the stifling murderous intent and Leonel's blatant disregard of them, maybe some would have already attacked.

At that moment, Pisces finally breathed a sigh of relief. She finally realized that she would be safe. So what if Leonel was pissed? What could he do in the face of so many elites? He had only brought two people and he himself seemed to be in a sorry state. His face was so pale that it seemed as though he might collapse at any time.

It was at that exact moment that Leonel's senses finished scanning over the battlefield and landed on Pisces.

Pisces felt as though her head had been dunked into a vat of ice. Her body shivered, goosebumps raced across her skin, her knees almost completely giving way as she nearly collapsed.

Leonel shot forward, his actions quick and abrupt. No one had expected for him to suddenly dive into an army full of hostility toward him. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, just as Leonel was about to reach Pisces, a figure suddenly and silently appeared before her.

He stood indifferently, his hands in his pockets and his white track suit still being just as spotless.

Leonel's senses flickered, his surfboard coming to a grinding halt.

"Get the hell out of my way."

Leonel's voice dripped with cold, causing Elorin's brow to furrow. This definitely wasn't how many normally reacted to his presence.

As though finding a pillar to lean on, Pisces snapped.

"Show some respect!" Pisces spoke in a shrill voice. "Young Supreme Elorin is one of the four heroes of Earth, he was the second fastest in?clearing the first Zones!"

Pisces' knees went weak when Leonel's gaze swept over her, but she managed to glare back, her lip curling into a sneer.

"... If that's the basis of your confidence, just take your own life now.

"Second place...?"

Leonel's growl traveled across the battlefield.

"Who the hell do you think was first?"