Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Aina looked up into the skies, a picture of rage on her face. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

It wasn't long before the flickering lights in the clouds coalesced into an image of Leonel. The image seemed to carry no life, as though it was a clone of Leonel rather than a depiction of him. But, there was no doubt that this was in fact Leonel.

By some magic, this singular image was viewable all across the spherical planet. A simple look upward was enough to gaze upon it.

Rather than a wanted poster, it felt as though Earth was being branded for Leonel's sins, almost like it was their burden to deal with such a traitor.

Leonel, too, looked into the skies.

For some reason, all his rage, all his anger, seemed to vanish in the blink of an eye. It was as though he was a completely different person, expressionlessly gazing at the skies as though the image above wasn't of himself.

He stood there in silence for a long while. For some reason, despite hearing the name and seeing the face, those of the Slayer Legion didn't move to immediately apprehend Leonel.

It would be fine if they weren't aware of the value of 10 000 kilograms of Urbe Ore, but they were most definitely aware.

There were no conversions for Fourth and Fifth Dimensional Urbe Ore. Simply put, even all the Fourth Dimensional Urbe Ore in existence couldn't be pooled together to buy even a single Fifth Dimensional Ore.

Of course, things weren't so exaggerated. There were certainly some powers that would find a certain amount worth it. But, all the most powerful worlds would never trade downward.

What did this mean? It essentially meant that Fourth Dimensional treasures could only be bought with Fourth Dimensional Urbe Ore while if one wanted Fifth Dimensional treasures, only Fifth Dimensional Urbe Ore could buy them.

What did 10 000 kilograms of Fifth Dimensional Urbe Ore represent? It represented multiple Fifth Dimensional treasures! Not just multiple, but multiple high grade Fifth Dimensional treasures!

Even with all of Earth's talent and the support they received, there was not a single Fifth Dimensional treasure on their world.

Yet, even with such temptation, for some reason, it felt like there was an invisible force field around him that even Aina couldn't break through.

He stood there silently, looking into the skies with a blank expression.

The rage in his blood cooled, the wild beating of his heart slowed, the fury that had a steel grip on his mind dissipated.

'Is this what power is?'

Leonel thought to himself.

To be able to say whatever you wanted, regardless of what the truth was. To trample on the efforts of those beneath you for the sake of your own benefit. To brazenly look down on the weak, sneering with a face of victory as though daring them to do something...?

Leonel had never felt smaller, and it was ironically while watching such a large projection of himself.

Leonel suddenly began to laugh.

In the silent atmosphere, it was truly jarring. A young man who was already the center of attention became even more so.

His laughter was one part sorrowful, one part self-deprecating, and a final part as though he truly found all of this to be funny.

That was right, seeing his face up there after putting his life on the line to eliminate a threat that may very well have ravage this galaxy in the future was outright hilarious.

Aina looked toward Leonel a bit worriedly. She wasn't sure how to console him. It felt like Leonel's world views were crumbling before her eyes, but she didn't know how to put the pieces back together.

If Leonel had reacted any other way, she'd feel much better. If he was uncaring, she'd be uncaring too. If he was furious, she would brandish her ax to redress his grievances. But how was she supposed to react to this laughter.

"Shield Cross Stars."

Leonel mumbled, his voice somewhat hollow.

At that moment, the skies suddenly split apart.

A platform of black appeared, slowly making its way out. On just a cursory glance, it looked no different from a military ship to be docked in the ocean, prepared to launch fighter jets. Except this ship took the skies as its waters and its fighter jets were instead replaced by row after row of soldiers.

What once was a uniform Leonel thought looked quite cool now looked no different from rags in his eyes. He felt his stomach churn laying his eyes on such a formation, not out of fear, but rather... disgust.

Leonel didn't move. He didn't really think there was a point.

His sensitivity to space was magnified several times over thanks to his part completed Divine Armor. He could tell that their Fold of Reality had been completely sealed by some inconceivable strength.

Beyond that, a world seemed to be vast with plenty of places to hide, but Leonel somehow felt that Earth had suddenly become extremely tiny.

As though a noose was tightening around his neck, he simply stood there, laughing.

By the time his laughter faded, the massive air ship had completely exited whatever void it had come out from.

At the helm, Commander Scithe stood, his face still the same pale, placcid color. He looked like a man who always did everything by the book, and the warriors to his back seemed to believe this as well, having no idea what schemes their supposedly respected leader was pulling.

However, it was at that moment that the color of the world seemed to shift.

From the vibrant colors of dawn, only shades of black and white remained.

A dignified voice filled the skies. It sounded one part ancient and filled with wisdom, while simultaneously holding the momentum of an undefeatable War God. It was the kind of voice that ingrained itself onto the soul, never to be forgotten.

"To enter my Domain and demand the head of my grandson, how brazen indeed."

A hand appeared.

It must have been at least ten kilometers tall and five wide. It swirled with the only colors that remained of the world, appearing above the massive flying ship like a Deity descending from above.

BOOM!

The flying ship shattered into several pieces, what was left of it crashing to the ground below like a rain of meteors.

"Earth is not a world you can step into as you please."