Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Another silence fell over the gardens as Leonel didn't respond immediately. But, it was clear that this was less about Leonel not wanting to respond and more about him being uncertain of how to.

His grandfather had just saved his life. There was no way around this, this was the truth of the matter. Was it truly so easy to spit in the face of someone who had done such a thing for you, especially when your personality was like Leonel's?

But at that same time, Leonel had been growing such animosity for this very same grandfather of his for so long. Yet, just when he had the opportunity to give the man a piece of his mind, this happened. It was as though the world was playing a joke on him.

That said, Leonel also didn't feel right just welcoming this grandfather with open arms. All of his actions ran diametrically opposed to everything Leonel stood for.

"If you have such strength, why do you never do anything with it?"

Leonel finally spoke, his gaze matching his grandfather's. He didn't particularly have any anger to speak of, in fact it was currently just as emotionless as it was when he was in the midst of battle. But maybe, in some ways, this was exactly that. Just another battle.

What Leonel didn't expect after he said these words, though, was for a stifling aura to suddenly envelop him.

However, it became very clear, very quickly that this aura wasn't from his grandfather. But, rather, from this silent uncle of his.

Still, this aura that felt like a wall of water became a drizzle just as quickly as it took for Leonel's grandfather to raise his hand.

Emperor Fawkes' smile never faded even as he lowered his hand. He continued to observe Leonel the same way he always had. Yet, for some reason, despite the fact there wasn't even a hint of change in his smile, Leonel still felt as though the situation had completely shifted.

When Emperor Fawkes finally spoke again, a slight cold breeze seemed to sweep the spring gardens.

"To ask someone else why they didn't use their own strength as they please… Don't you find this to be very weak?"

Leonel matched his grandfather's gaze but didn't say a thing. However, that didn't mean that a certain Aina wasn't enraged by such an answer. If it wasn't for the fact Leonel hadn't released her hand and she knew that they weren't safe to lash out in such an environment, she would have long since done so.

"I expected more from you." Emperor Fawkes said lightly. "This isn't a world where you can say such things. Not only is it the pinnacle of foolishness, these thoughts will one day get you killed."

Leonel once again didn't lash out at these words. He replied simply and just as emotionlessly.

"It's foolish to ask you, as an Emperor, to protect your citizens?"

Emperor Fawkes put up another hand pre-emptively. This time, he sent a look toward his son, warning him that this should be the last time he should waste his time doing such a thing.

The Imperial Prince swallowed his rage and stood in place, his back ramrod straight and his gaze locked onto Leonel.

If others who knew of his personality were here, there was no doubt that they would be shocked beyond belief. This was a man who was known for his stoicism no matter what the situation. For him to have lost his temper not just once, but twice, and even in such quick succession… It could only be said that this man was truly protective of his father, even if the one he was protecting The Emperor from was his very own nephew.

"The weak do not have a voice. They do not have the right to demand, nor do they have any right to direct the actions of the strong."

Leonel indifferently listened to these words. Didn't he already know this? Existences like The Empire and The Slayer Legion made it as clear as possible. Those with strength could survive, while those who were weak could only scramble for scraps.

Hard work? Perseverance? It didn't seem to be worth a damn in this world.

If you weren't born with backing, talent, or both, you were finished. In fact, Leonel would have long since died dozens of times over if not for having such things in his corner.

However… He felt that this was wrong. Why was his life more valuable than others? Why was it that he could stand here while his friends had to be buried?

Emperor Fawkes replied simply. However, before Leonel could even think of responding, he continued.

"Such words won't get through to you. And, quite frankly, I hate explaining myself the most." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

An air of suffocating majesty filled the garden. Even Leonel couldn't help but feel his knees buckle somewhat. This sort of presence… It was far beyond his own.

If it wasn't for a worthless pride that had bubbled forth from within him, unwilling to give in to his grandfather's ideals, he may very well have fallen in that very moment.

"However, you are my grandson, yet I have never been a part of your life. Consider my next words as payment for this missed time. After this, you can consider our relationship as neutrally as you please."

The pressure bore down on Leonel. Sweat poured from his back, his spine trembling.

"You must blame me for the Paradise Island incidents. Yet, why is it that you don't assign the same blame to your father? Was he not knowledgeable about the situation? In fact, he's quite a bit more powerful than I am. If he wanted to, he likely could have waited until the Metamorphosis began and slaughtered every Invalid on the planet before going on his way.

"But I guess that much is just a small matter. What about the things he left behind for you? I'm sure they would help someone much weaker than yourself protect their lives, why is it that you've kept it for yourself? If the Slayer Legion had those treasures, I'm sure less people would have died and your friends would have been saved.

"I guess that much can be passed off as a small matter as well. But, in addition to not doing your best to help the Slayer Legion stave off casualties, you just murdered a young lady who was only trying her best to survive.

"Wasn't she among the weak you think the strong should protect? Or is it that the weak you refer to only encompass the people you think are deserving? After all, you are one of the strong.. Supposedly."