Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's hands were as steady as a rock, his gaze measured and sharp. He seemed to be able to see through everything with a glance, the faint image of a Snowy Owl hovering to his back.

Even after more than a day, Leonel didn't seem to realize the special state he had entered. It was as though he had completely forgotten about the world, as though everything else had been destroyed and all that was left was a man, his Metal Spirit and his Craft.

Auspicious Air hung around Leonel, its density increasing with every moment.

Shockingly enough, Leonel had yet to bother to waste any time on healing himself. His body was just as injured as it had been before his meeting with his grandfather. But, at the same time, it made the process all the more awe inspiring.

Forgetting the world was one matter, but this had reached the level of even forgetting oneself. To be able to move and act as though anyone else in his situation wouldn't be at the brink of death was baffling indeed.

However, the truth of the matter was presented for all to see. It had reached a point where even Aina herself simply assumed that Leonel had been healed. After all, there was nothing about his actions that seemed to point toward injury in the slightest.

The Auspicious Air became heavier and heavier, growing to a point a dense, dirty gold hung in the air. It had much of the color of a mustard yellow with a tinge of a noble gold that betrayed its distinctiveness.

At an unknown time, the air grew so heavy that cracks began appearing along the Lab Setting floors. But, what was maybe most shocking was a certain unmoving snowglobe began to show signs of being awakened.

Unfortunately, Leonel had yet to realize that the acceleration of Earth's evolution toward the Fourth Dimension wasn't the only reward for perfectly completing Camelot's trials… Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

**

With a blank expression, Leonel picked up an intricately carved forearm brace. Little Tolly peeled away from the structure, revealing it in all its glory.

It shimmered with a beautiful black-silver color. It was formed in several layers, giving it a sharp appearance. Its presence alone seemed to make space warp and quake.

However, despite its beauty, Leonel didn't react much to its appearance at all.

He absentmindedly pressed it into his right forearm. As though by magic, Leonel's body flashed with bronze runes and the bracer sunk into his skin, vanishing as though it was never there.

Leonel reached toward his work table again. But, before he could grab anything, he found that there was nothing left to do.

His blank expression slowly recovered, a hint of fatigue hiding behind his pupils.

At that moment, a wall of thoughts Leonel had done his best to ignore these last few days began to resurface once again.

Leonel grasped at his forehead, a light headache taking hold. A deep sigh left his lips.

As much as he wanted to lose himself in a world of Crafting again, he had used up all his materials. Unless he raided Camelot's vaults again, there wouldn't be anything left to do. And, even if he was that shameless…

Well, let's just say that King Arthur would probably rip his own hair out if he saw the state of his precious treasure vaults.

Leonel didn't quite know how he ended up using so many materials. His original plan didn't require so much. He had wanted to use the others for future Crafts he had in mind.

When he dug into his memories of what had happened, he couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

His previous best Craft was only formed of less than a dozen parts. But, this armor was formed of 97. He had thought that he would have to muddle through it for a few weeks, but he had never thought of finishing it all in less than two days.

Still, rather than feeling proud, he really just wanted something else to throw himself into.

Leonel was in a classic state of running away from his problems. Was this what normal teens called procrastinating? It felt worse than just that, though.

Leonel had never been one to procrastinate, mostly because he was always good at setting his mind to something and doing it. If not for this, he likely wouldn't have forgotten himself in Crafting so easily.

'… My current spear wouldn't pair well with my Divine Armor… It might be time to change it…'

If others heard Leonel's thoughts, they would think that he was an ungrateful second generation nouveau riche.

One had to understand the value of a Quasi Bronze treasure. Leonel seemed to go through them as though he was drinking water, but such a treasure was the pinnacle of the Fourth Dimension. Even in the highest Fifth Dimensional worlds, a youth like Leonel would scratch and claw for the right to wield such a weapon.

Yet, Leonel thought of casually changing his because it simply didn't suit him.

Leonel still didn't have a full grasp of the Dimensional Verse, though, so his face portrayed a very punchable shade of innocence even as he spoke such shameless words.

Even if Leonel had known, though, it wouldn't stop him. He immediately sent his mind into Spear Domain.

Not even a quarter hour later, Leonel came out with a new spear.

He only tried to stand with it, yet it nearly sent him crashing down to the ground.

'Oof… I thought 50 pounds was heavy, but this one is over 5000…'

This spear was clearly crafted to be heavy. Its body was over two and a half meters long and its spear head was a three dimensional monstrosity of over three feet long alone. Though there was some taper to the spear head to give it the semblance of a blade, it still had a width of over half Leonel's palm.

No matter how Leonel looked at it, though it seemed to be a spear, it would be better used as a blunt weapon. With some work, it would definitely be a good hammer.

Leonel shook his head. 'This one is no good too…'

Leonel entered Spear Domain again, ignorant to the fact he was becoming a menace to society.