Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The practically blunt spear had a Domain similar to Leonel's Chain Domain. But, rather than using chains, it caused fluctuations in weight. Depending on how it was used, it could actually be quite useful. But, ultimately, it was just another movement restraining Domain that focused on the physical.

However, as Leonel began to travel through the Spear Peaks, he came to realize that this focus on physical restrictions was a running theme amongst the Quasi Bronze Spears.

The next spear Leonel picked up had two heads. He stood immersed in the feeling of its Domain, grasping it much quicker than he had with his Chain Domain. In fact, it almost came with too much ease. Leonel had a feeling that this was because of the completion of his Spear Embryo into true Spear Force thanks to his comprehension of the complete Four Seasons Realm. But, he didn't spend much time thinking about it.

This Domain, as expected, was another restraining Domain. But, this one focused on the Wind Element. The style of this Spear Peak and many of the spears that formed its base was swiftness.

Controlling the flow of wind in battle could allow one to do a countless number of things. But, what Leonel saw as the most potent use would be in controlling momentum. Snatching the tail wind of an opponent and adding it to your own… Under a protracted battle, someone with this Domain would be near invincible.

The lethality of such a weapon on a battlefield would be undeniable.

Still, Leonel felt that this spear wouldn't meld well with his Divine Armor either. Not to mention the fact he didn't have a Wind Elemental Affinity, this sort of restraining type of battle style wasn't resonating with him at the moment.

Somewhere deep inside, he wanted something more destructive, something he could truly release with.

However, every spear Leonel came across seemed to tell the same story.

'A Gravity Domain… A Water Domain… A Vine Domain…'

Leonel walked through the Spear Domain as though it was his own backyard. He had completely forgotten that even taking a single step in this world used to deplete him down to his very core. Now, he travelled from peak to peak, not finding anything he could use.

By now, Leonel had conquered over a dozen Quasi Bronze Peaks, but he hadn't found anything he wanted.

The truth was that the number of such treasures in Spear Domain was practically endless. Even after hours of walking, even to the point of ignoring all the foundational spears, Leonel still hadn't come anywhere near the end of them.

Leonel believed that there were easily tens of thousand of Quasi Bronze Peaks. Let alone Quasi Bronze Peaks, there were probably just as many Quasi Silver Peak and beyond as well. This treasure seemed to treat such spears as though they were a dime a dozen. And in fact, they were… at least here, anyway.

It was no wonder Leonel took them for granted.

'Quasi Silver…'

Leonel looked up toward the distance.

He had grasped a Quasi Bronze spear before his Soul Force was even in the Third Dimension. Now that he was at the peak of the Fourth Dimension with his Soul Force, why not try for a Fifth Dimensional weapon?

Leonel stepped forward, crossing through the rolling hills with slow steps. The graveyard of spears around him seemed to get particularly silent at this moment.

Maybe even the creator of Spear Domain couldn't have imagined a day where someone within the Third Dimension would have the gall to stroll through their world in such a way. However, compared to the past, it couldn't be said that Leonel was still unqualified.

One had to remember that strength of mind was only one aspect of traveling through Spear Domain. The most important factor was most definitely one's comprehension of the spear. The first time Leonel had come here, he had barely formed Spear Force. The fact he could take a single step at all was a testament to how strong his mind was.

But now, Leonel had fully grasped the Four Season Realm. Though this wasn't perfectly tailored to the spear, it could be said that the spear, and every other weapon, was perfectly tailored to it.

The combination of this comprehension and Leonel's strong mind made the journey forward surprisingly easy. Even when it began to grow difficult, a sharp Spear Force appeared around Leonel, slicing through the presence of the spears around him.

The clashing of blades sung in the air, but Leonel's steps didn't pause.

By now, the spears around him had completely morphed. From wooden and half broken, they began to sing with their own sort of majesty. In fact, they quickly rose from the lower Black levels, jumping to Tier 5, through Tier 6 and past Tier 7.

By the time Leonel got to the range of the Quasi Silver Peaks, there were nothing but Bronze Grade spears around, each radiating a palpable aura even beyond that of his Chain Spear.

'This is the true Fifth Dimension…'

Leonel thought about where he had sensed this before, only for his mind to flash to thoughts of a massive flying ship ripping through the barrier of Earth's Fold of Reality.

'So that's where… He was in the Fifth Dimension, but suppressed…'

Leonel shook his head, still not wanting to think of such things.

He basked in the aura of these spears, still not realizing the kind of treasure trove that was before him. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

As far as Leonel was concerned, after completing his Divine Armor, he now had the skills to begin crafting Bronze treasures, all he needed was the material to do so.

However, even for him, a Quasi Silver treasure was leagues away. He neither had the strength necessary to claim one from a Zone, nor the skill necessary to Craft one.

In Leonel's eye, all he could see was a single silver light, standing tall atop a Spear Peak. But, unlike the rolling hills of the Quasi Bronze Peaks, this one looked like a small mountain, stretching over a hundred meters tall.

Leonel's gaze glowed.. He had finally found something else he could throw himself into.