Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel appeared in the Lab Setting, his chest heaving. He sent a gaze toward the silver spear in his hand, shaking his head at how crazy he was. He felt like he could have really died climbing that mountain.

The presence of this spear made him feel suffocated, let alone the fact its polearm alone was over three meters long. It could only be described as a monstrous weapon. Even now, it was shining too brightly for Leonel to get a good look at it.

Leonel squinted, but all he could barely make out was the fact this spear was also double sided, similar to the Wind Domain Quasi Bronze spear he had run into previously. In addition, this spear seemed to be able to split into three portions connected by chains.

Of course, Leonel couldn't see any of this very clearly. He had only gotten a faint vision of the spear when he first touched it. Outside of that, he had nothing else to pull from.

Leonel could feel that the spear was struggling against his grasp as though it had a mind of its own. Clearly, it felt like Leonel wasn't worthy of it. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

In truth, Leonel couldn't blame it.

The normal way to use Spear Domain would be to slowly master the spears that surrounded the base of the Spear Peak. The comprehension of these spears would give one the insight necessary to comprehend the Domain of the spear at the Peak. Only then would one then gain the acknowledgement of the spear in question.

But, Leonel had bulldozed his way to the top, relying on a combination of his mental strength and his Four Seasons Realm. He really had no business wielding such a spear.

Beyond this, there seemed to be a qualitative change in weapons after the Bronze Grade as well.

While Leonel's Fourth Dimensional weapons were only good for their quality and sharpness, effectively, this spear seemed to be able to affect change in the surroundings. Some of the Force Arts that formed its foundation seemed to flash into existence from time to time, making their displeasure known.

"Shut up."

Leonel said faintly, cursing the spear as he fell into a deep sleep.

**

"… You idiot…. Sleeping on the floor…. What were you thinking…"

Leonel could vaguely sense his body being hauled out of the Lab Setting. Before he knew it, he was being thrown into a pool of water.

He shot up in confusion, his fatigue vanishing into a feeling of surprise. However, by the time he had shot to the top of the pool, the culprit had already vanished.

Leonel wiped his face, sliding his hair back from his eyes.

In the end, he chuckled and shook his head.

How long had he slept? A few days probably? It was no wonder Aina just tossed him into the water like this.

'Spear?'

Leonel blinked, looking around him to find that his spear was nowhere to be seen.

He sent his sight into Spear Domain, only to find the spear back on the Spear Peak.

Leonel shook his head, but he didn't mind too much. Whenever he entered Spear Domain, he would reappear where he had been last. So, at the very least, he didn't need to climb that mountain again. He could just snatch the spear whenever he wanted.

'If it's double sided, could it still be called a spear?'

Leonel shook his head, it didn't matter much. During his time in Spear Domain, he had seen many weapons that he'd have a hard time classifying as a spear. But, he found no real point in thinking about it too much.

…

After he cleaned himself, Leonel walked out of the bathhouse to suddenly catch a whiff of something.

His tongue involuntarily watered, his steps quickening.

He had hardly been to the place he was headed in. Though he knew the Abode Setting had everything a normal house would, the kitchen simply wasn't a place he frequented. But, this was the first time Leonel could remember smelling food that made him feel as though he was floating on air.

Of course, Leonel had smelt good food before. It was just that he never had the appetite to match, so it never really hit him like it did now. And, even after his appetite had returned in full force… well, 90% of Earth was nothing but collapsed buildings and vast ocean now. So, where would he have a chance to smell such delicacies?

Leonel rounded a corner and appeared within a luxurious kitchen.

If a chef could see this place, they would definitely curse Leonel for wasting such treasures. But, it truly wasn't his fault.

Much of the things in this place, Leonel had no idea how to use. It was all a mixture of extremely high-tech and ancient cooking devices that left his head spinning. On one corner of the room, there was an oven that looked more like a planetary destruction weapon, but on the other side, there was a stone oven that looked like a place one might have cooked pizza with 500 years ago.

Of course, what Leonel didn't know was that with every upgrade of the Segmented Cube, not only did the Cleansing Waters improve, but so did the gardens and the kitchen as well. The devices in this place could burn even a beast on the verge of entering the Fifth Dimension to a crisp. In fact, with some creativity and patience, it could even cook true Fifth Dimensional beings as well.

This might not sound like a big deal, but if one thought of the Dimensions properly, it was like giving mortals the power to cook Gods. It was insane that Leonel hadn't seen this place's value before.

Of course, in the middle of this large kitchen, there was a petite young lady wearing her hair up in a bun. Beads of sweat fell down her face as she bit her lip, her expression the picture of absolute focus.

Leonel seemed to get lost in her efforts. As hard as he had worked to forget things these past few days, just this seemed enough to make him ignore the rest of the world even if it was collapsing around him.

Seemingly sensing something, Aina turned toward Leonel with a bright smile on her face as she wiped her brow, the high temperatures of the stove she was working over causing whisps of water vapor to rise from her skin.

Leonel's heart skipped a beat.