Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The atmosphere froze for just a moment before the youths suddenly erupted into movement. What once was an orderly field of promising geniuses became akin to a mosh pit. But, in this context, with the strength of the people in question, it felt as though this mountain that Valiant Heart had called home for so long might collapse.

Earth cracked, air crackled, the sounds of shouts of anger and pain sounded as the so-called geniuses fought and jostled for position, each trying to make their way down the mountain faster than the last. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In what felt like no more than half a minute, over 90% of the field had been completely dispersed. As for those that remained, they had long since been trampled by the crowd to the point of being on their last breaths.

There was no doubt that amidst all the chaos, some had taken advantage of the situation to get rid of some competition.

However, true to his word, the old man didn't raise a single finger, watching these youths with broken bodies bleed out without a single word. Aside from a sweep of his gaze, he spared them nothing more even as some of them begged and pleaded.

Still, there were a few that seemed to stand out, geniuses who had kept their calm even in the face of such harsh elimination requirements.

There was the pale youth who was, even now, still intently staring at Balthorn. There was a burly young man with twin short sabers strapped to his back – juxtaposed to his size, they felt more like curved daggers than saber-like weapons. There was a young woman whose hair was pulled into two ponytails that combined down her chest. And, finally, there was Balthorn herself.

Each stared at the gates intently, unwilling to take their eyes off of it. Of course… With the exception of the pale youth.

Among these youths were Leonel and Aina who hadn't moved from the very beginning. But, rather than having done so out of curiosity, their reasoning was far different from the norm. Rather, Leonel had begun teasing Aina before she could even think of the next step she wanted to take.

But, after a while, Leonel raised his head to take a look at all the carnage.

With furrowed brows, he raised a hand.

"[Grand Heal]."

Strong Light Elemental Force descended from the skies, falling onto the bodies of the youths who lay bleeding out on the ground. If they were really left for just a few more minutes, it was likely that none of them would survive.

This minor action caused Leonel to once again become the center of attention.

The old man raised an eyebrow, but he couldn't exactly become mad at Leonel's actions. After all, there was no rule against this.

'Light Elemental Force…?' The gaze of the elders and youths sharpened.

This was no longer Earth where there were talents at every corner. In such a place, Leonel's Light Elemental Force stuck out like a sore thumb. There wasn't a soul here who didn't understand just how rare Light Elemental Force was.

The youths who had been focused on the two pillars looked back toward Leonel, a hint of seriousness in their expressions. But, Leonel simply cast [Grand Heal] again and again, lamenting the fact his healing capabilities were still severely lacking.

It was only after the last person's life was no longer in danger that he came to a stop and turned his attention toward Aina.

"What do you think?"

Leonel was only here to follow, truthfully. He had come here not because he wanted to, but because of Aina. So, he would let her take the lead.

"The easiest method is to just cross the gates on our own." Aina replied.

Leonel looked around. It was clear that they weren't the only one with this idea. Even that woman, Balthorn, was standing here in preparation to go about the same thing.

The whole idea of finding then fighting beasts just sounded like a hassle. If one didn't have acute senses like Leonel, you were practically relying on luck.

"What is your goal for coming here, though? What do you want to accomplish?"

Aina's gaze sharpened.

"To become as strong as possible."

Leonel grinned, Aina's resolve even making the small hairs on his skin stand at attention.

"In that case, let's go catch some beasts."

"Hm?" Aina blinked, looking at Leonel with a hint of confusion.

Wasn't looking for the beasts a waste of time? Why was Leonel suddenly talking about going after them now?

However, Leonel didn't explain, taking Aina's small hand and leaving a streak of gold in his wake as he dashed into the forest.

The old man raised an eyebrow, watching Leonel's back retreat. But in the end, he shook his head. He had thought that he had run into a talent, but this one actually made the same choice as all the others. This action alone considerably dulled whatever surprise Leonel's Light Elemental Force had given them.

They were called Valiant Heart Mountain for a reason. Talent was secondary to them, what was most important was what was within a person's heart. If Leonel wasn't willing to fight and put his life on the line, what worth did his talent have?

The youths seemed to agree with the old man's assessment. They had thought that they met another rival, only for him to be a coward. It was quite disappointing indeed.

Ironically, it was only Balthorn who looked toward Leonel's receding back with an eyebrow raised.

That man… What was he thinking?

Unbeknownst to Balthorn, she had already become curious about Leonel. A woman's mind was complex indeed… Why she would feel such a way about a man who had been moments away from killing her just a while ago was beyond normal human understanding.

Unfortunately, before she could think any longer, the burly man with twin sabers stepped forward, his heavy steps causing the ground to quake.

"My name is Ingkath Miadan! I don't need your tags, I will climb up this mountain on my own two feet!"

His roar caused the birds in the surroundings to shoot into the skies. Who knew when they would be confident enough to return to their nests?