Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ingkath feet stomped forward as he began to make his way up the mountain, his eyes completely focused on the pillars before him.

Though the elders of Valiant Heart Mountain stood between the pillars, the youths themselves were a ways down the mountain, a few hundred meters from the foot of the Gates, in fact.

From their position, sensing the pressure of the Gates was impossible. So, in the beginning, Ingkath sensed nothing and continued to walk forward and up courageously.

However, the instant he crossed the 300 meter line to the Gates, a roar suddenly shook his mind. It was so loud and sudden that blood began to ooze from his ears.

Despite this, Ingkath remained on his own two feet, his expression finally growing serious.

This roar had no tangible owner. In fact, it looked as though he was the only one to have heard it at all.

The elders at the top continued to stand there as though nothing happened and the youths to his back who had yet to make a move were only watching him without saying a word. It wasn't until blood began dripping from Ingkath's ears that the latter group began to feel like something was wrong.

However, it was at that exact moment that Ingkath began to laugh, beating his fists against his brawny chest until his dark-ish skin became red.

A strong surge of Force erupted from him as he shot forward. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

A barrage of bestial roars assaulted his psyche, making his every step heavy and his every movement labored. But, he continued to charge upward, his muscles rippling with vitality and ferocity.

The young lady with twin ponytails braided to combine at her chest blinked with curiosity.

After a while of watching, she too stepped forward.

"Irolana of the Faex Tribe."

She spoke softly, neatly patting her hair down as she too began to walk up.

Balthorn and the pale youth didn't move for a long while.

"If you keep staring at me like that, I'm going to dig your eyes out." Balthorn said coldly.

The pale youth began to cackle. "Your tits are practically out for all to see, yet you don't want me to look. Is there no justice in this world?"

"You want to die?" Balthorn turned toward the pale youth, her proud chest swaying with her movements like a rippling tide.

"As long as it's by your hands, I think I'll enter my coffin with a happy expression on my face."

Balthorn scoffed. "I don't like scrawny men."

The pale youth continued to cackle.

"Let me guess, you like tall, bronzed, and handsome men who… already have girlfriends?"

Balthorn's glare became sharp. However, toward such a response, the pale youths cackling only became louder. In fact, it seemed to take so much energy out of him that he just might keel over and die at any moment.

Though she didn't respond, her lack of one only seemed to make her more guilty.

"Ai, women, women, women. I'll never understand them. Those brats that were flocking around you like a pack of hyenas just ran off, swearing to get you a tag or die trying. Yet, you're standing here thinking about a man who would have killed you for another woman. What should I call you exactly?"

Balthorn's sharp gaze gave way to a curling smile.

"What should you call me? How about a beauty you can gaze upon at your own risk, but can never touch regardless?"

With these words said, Balthorn strode forward, clearly having no intention of waiting for those white knights of hers to retrieve a tag in her stead. As for the trouble they got into trying to do such a thing? She didn't care either.

"Balthorn Valynore." She said simply and sweetly.

Bowing once, she stepped onto the mountain pass.

"Wait for me beauty!"

The pale youth finally moved. As though a shadow, he appeared by Balthorn as though he had always been there.

"My name is Radlis!" The pale youth spoke. But, it seemed that his words were aimed more for Balthorn than the elders above.

…

Aina followed after Leonel with a raised eyebrow, but in the end, she didn't say anything to stop him. As far as she was concerned, Leonel wouldn't do anything to harm her. Plus, even if they fell behind by a step, it didn't really matter much. They were young and time was on their side, who was better and who was worse would be clear soon enough.

The two hopped through the trees, streaking past groups of confused youths trying to find beasts to tackle of their own.

Among these groups that they passed by, there were no small number of them that were already locked into their own fights to the death.

There were over 3800 participants but only 1900 beasts. Even when one found a beast to attack, there was no guarantee that there wouldn't be ten others fighting you to do the same. In a lot of ways, this sort of trial was even more difficult than the trial above.

Leonel shook his head as he watched the carnage beneath him. But this time, he didn't raise a finger to help. This was different from before. These were men and women fighting for their futures, who lived and died here would be up to themselves.

After a long while, Aina finally couldn't help her curiosity any longer.

"What's your goal? How will this help?"

She continued to allow Leonel to pull her along, seemingly enjoying the feeling of his hand enveloping her own. But, she still didn't want to be kept in the dark.

'Shh, shh. We're here.' Leonel used a combination of Camelot's silencing spells to achieve the effect of sending his voice directly to Aina once again.

The two came to a grinding halt atop a tall tree.

Down below, there was what appeared to be a large black bear. It had the characteristic tough fur and large, round body. It even had the rounded ears down perfectly.

The only difference was that instead of having light fur around its snout, its own had a fiery shade of red fur. In fact, its eyes were the same striking crimson as though it was prepared and ready to tear anything down at any moment.

'This…? A bear?' Aina asked within Leonel's bubble.

Leonel grinned.

'You see a bear. But, I see our first golden tag.'

Aina's eyes widened, suddenly understanding what Leonel wanted to do.