Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina stood somewhat weakly. Her body had hardly gained its bearings when she was suddenly asked this question.

She sent a look toward Aphestus, her gaze placid.

The truth was that Aina had heard about Valiant Heart Mountain from Yuri. As a result, she had a small understanding of it. If not for this, why else would she prepare a ticket to Terrain to come here.

That said, it could also be said that Aina had no choice but to choose this place. Valiant Heart Mountain was the overlord of this quadrant and several other quadrants. Only the most well established worlds with the strongest foundations could afford to send their youths to other organizations outside of their jurisdiction.

For Earth, a place where even a ticket to a world considered to be relatively close by – like Terrain – cost a Tier 9 Black Grade treasure, it was obviously an impossible dream to think of traveling so far.

With their foundation, Aina didn't even want to think about what it would cost to go to a place other than Valiant Heart Mountain.

This was all to say that Aina had heard of Hero Peak before. In fact, she had heard of all seven Peaks of Valiant Heart.

Founding Peak. Hero Peak. Brave Peak. Justice Peak. Honor Peak. Loyal Peak. Respect Peak.

One wouldn't be surprised to find out, then, that the Brave City Leonel and Aina took their trial in was constructed by Brave Peak. Other various Peaks would have their own testing means.

That said, just because they were tested by Brave City, didn't mean that they couldn't choose to join another Peak. The various city establishments were just a way of parsing the burden of recruitment. In the end, Valiant Heart Mountain was still a singular entity.

The youths who had come with Aphestus immediately wanted to say something to cut him off. How could they just allow him to say and do as he pleased? They didn't want to make their trip a worthless one.

But, before they could, Aina spoke.

"Are you the strongest?"

It was a simple sentence. Spoken in four words, it seemed to speak a thousand.

There was no other question Aina wanted answered, no other that was more important to her. This and this alone was all that mattered.

Aphestus was stunned by the question for a moment before he began to laugh uproariously.

"You hear that, you bastards? This little girly will be joining Hero Peak. You weaklings can all take a step back."

The expressions of the others youths soured immediately, but they said nothing to refute.

There was no doubting Hero Peak's strength. In the last 20 years, there had been no singular Peak able to supplant their rule.

Aphestus turned his attention back to Aina. Though his posture was terrible, his body exuded a bestial strength that made his bones pop and crackle with his every movement. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Not only is Hero Peak the strongest, we have been the strongest for the last quarter century. We have the strongest warriors, the best facilities and the most resources. On top of that, our leader, The Hero Raylion, is the strongest of the six leaders.

"If even that isn't enough for you, even me, as a mere little vice leader, could wipe the floor with some of these other so-called leaders."

Aphestus grinned from ear to ear, towering over the petite Aina.

"There's no better choice than us."

Aina looked up at Aphestus, her gaze somewhat distant and emotionless. She didn't seem moved by his display. Aphestus felt smaller in comparison to the Puppet Master. But, with her poor senses, Aina couldn't tell whether this was an illusion or not.

"Okay." Aina said plainly.

Aphestus scanned Aina up and down, sending a curious look toward her mask. But, he seemed even more shocked by her demeanor. Even that old fogie Tobis wouldn't feel so comfortable before him.

"You heard her, old man." Aphestus turned toward Elder Tobis. "She made her own decision, you saw that I didn't force her, right?"

Aphestus' toothy grin made it hard for Tobis to refrain from rolling his eyes.

The reason these brats weren't supposed to be allowed to interfere at this juncture was because it was too easy for them to influence the decisions of these youths by underhanded means. And, even in the case that didn't happen, there was precedent for fights breaking out during recruitment.

As such, it was usual policy to allow the youths a few days to soak in the atmosphere of Valiant Heart for themselves and then choose a Peak that was right for them. In such a situation, the youths would have to pass an exam of sorts, far different from Aina who seemed capable of joining without such a thing. But, it was thanks to these rules that a relative peace was able to be kept in what would have otherwise been a violent few weeks.

Since Aina had made her own decision and didn't seem to be pressured in any way, though, there was no reason for him to interfere. From what he could see, whether he stopped her here or not, Aina would end up joining Hero Peak regardless.

Though there were many rules in Valiant Heart, there was one ultimate rule that ruled all others: Strength. Since Aphestus and Aina had the capital, they could do as they pleased.

At that moment, Aina looked back to meet Leonel's gaze.

But, all she found was a young man grinning with two thumbs up by the sides of his cheeks. He looked so happy, almost as though it was his own achievement rather than hers.

Aina couldn't help but think that he looked quite goofy, a sight that made her sputter with laughter.

Aphestus and Elder Tobis were taken off guard by the sudden change in the valiant young lady. They didn't even know a person with such a demeanor could laugh in such a way.

Aphestus raised an eyebrow as he looked toward where Aina was looking.

In the end, he chose to not bother with the exchange as he swept a glance over the four geniuses kneeling along the mountain pass.

"Hero Peak has no need for losers. This will be our only recruit during this recruitment cycle."

Aphestus' disposition completely changed.. It felt as though the mountain above had fused with him, his lofty air looking down with an undying arrogance.