Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"You…" Aina didn't know how to respond. "… Keep half of them."

Leonel shook his head. "I don't really need anything from their vaults, honestly. There's nothing they can provide that I can't build. Especially considering the best weapon the vice leader of the strongest Peak has is only Tier 7 Black.

"If you don't find anything you want, just trade the tags in for some ores you like an I'll build something better."

Aina was speechless when she heard Leonel say these words.

In truth, the Leonel she knew very rarely got angry. Even when she teased him to oblivion, he only retaliated in the most benign of ways. The only time she had ever seen him truly enraged was with the Puppet Master and the Raynred, Pisces situation. But those things, in her opinion, were warranted.

This was all to say that Aina didn't know that Leonel could actually be so petty.

Hearing his words, even Elder Tobis couldn't help but frown despite the fact he had practically just saved Leonel's life.

Did someone kick this kid in the head? A Tier 7 Black Grade treasure was about the best one could expect a Fourth Dimensional entity to wield. Only Fifth Dimensional existences might begin to wield Tier 8 and 9 Black Grade treasures. At least this was the case in this part of the universe.

Only Sixth Dimensional worlds had a large number of Bronze Grade treasures. Likewise, only Seventh Dimensional worlds had a large number of Silver Grade treasures.

No matter how you sliced it, it looked as though Leonel was making an immature comment about something he hardly understood. The words alone made whatever impact gathering ten golden tags might have fall flat.

Of those here, maybe it was only Aina who understood how truthful Leonel was being. Let alone a Tier 7 Black Grade treasure, Leonel could already begin constructing Tier 1 Bronze Grade treasures, each of which would be exponentially more powerful than even a Quasi Bronze Grade treasure, of which he had no small number of.

Leonel simply didn't care about what Aphestus or Elder Tobis thought of him because he never cared to join this organization in the first place.

If Leonel had to pick out one reason he didn't try to convince Aina of taking a different path, it would have to be because of the Segmented Cube.

This was the first time Leonel had stepped foot into a Fourth Dimensional world, so this was also the first time the Segmented Cube could begin to absorb Fifth Dimensional Force.

Albeit slowly, the Segmented Cube was working its way toward entering Phase 3. Once it did so, Leonel would be able to heal Aina.

Leonel slid the tags into Aina's hand.

"Oh, also." Leonel suddenly thought of something. "Take this with you too."

The tags were sucked into the jigsaw-like cube. Soon, all that was left on Aina's palm was the Segmented Cube itself.

"Alright, off you go."

Seeing that Aina didn't seem apt to leave, Leonel laughed. He leaned into her ear and spoke softly. Even if the others tried, they wouldn't be able to hear what he was saying. But, that didn't stop Aina's neck from flushing red.

"Do you think that there's any barrier in this place that can stop me?" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The words were simple, no more complex than Aina's question for Aphestus. But, they reverberated with Aina deeply.

"Okay." Aina said lightly, taking the cube.

Aphestus didn't say anything. He simply turned and walked away.

What only he and Leonel seemed to be aware of was the fact there was a strong killing intent locked onto the latter from start to finish. Yet, Leonel had hardly reacted.

The cause of this matter was clear. This wasn't about how strong Leonel was or wasn't, it was simply about a man deeming his word as more important than the word of any other. Aphestus didn't care what reasoning Leonel had, since he had spoken his word, he wouldn't take it back. This was exactly the same reason why he hadn't booted Aina out from Hero Peak.

Leonel smiled and waved as Aina disappeared into the distance. It was only after she was gone that his gaze became cold and the atmosphere seemed to become frozen.

'When did I become so murderous?' Leonel thought to himself.

If it wasn't for the sake of Aina, he really might have killed Aphestus just then.

Leonel felt as though his inhibitions against killing were loosening each and every day. Would there really come a time where he reaped lives like cutting weeds? He didn't really like the feeling.

If he killed Aphestus, what then? Wouldn't he be cutting off Aina's path? And where would he find another Fifth Dimensional world to station himself in?

Leonel had learned a lot about the Dimensional Verse in recent times, more than enough to understand that traveling up a Dimension was no simple task. At the very least, with Earth's current infrastructure, the price would likely near a Silver Grade treasure. This was obviously something Leonel couldn't afford.

If he was forced to leave this place too soon, he didn't know when he'd be able to cure Aina.

"Brat, you're too impulsive."

Leonel, who was lost in his own thoughts as though there weren't others around him, was suddenly startled awake.

"Hm?" Leonel raised an eyebrow.

He was impulsive? If the old man knew what was going on in his mind, he'd realize just how much prudence Leonel had shown just now.

Whether or not Leonel could actually defeat Aphestus was unknown even to him. But, what Leonel was sure of was that Aphestus would suffer greatly if he had to battle him.

Elder Tobis shook his head and looked back toward the other faction vice leaders. But, it was clear that none of them were very interested in the youths that remained. If they wanted to join, they could take the exam like everyone else.

And while they would allow this for the four geniuses to Leonel's back, it was unlikely that they'd make room for Leonel himself after what they just saw.

"Youths should learn to bide their time. What good does your killing intent do you now?"

Leonel raised an eyebrow at these words. But, he didn't say much as he made his way up the mountain pass.

His killing intent? Aphestus should be happy that he restrained it.