Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 800 powerstones. Please don't reach 1000, *cries*]

"What… What is all of this?" Leonel finally said, prying his eyes away from the blob of silver.

"Those are ores. These are gloves. This is a quill. And this is liquid metal."

Seeing Montez's smug grin, Leonel felt the sudden urge to hit the man for the first time. He had eyes, he could obviously see these things. What he wanted to know was what their purpose was and why Montez would tell him to use his rewards on them. From what Leonel could see, these things weren't helpful to him at all.

Montez seemed to have not seen Leonel's glare. However, he displayed a surprised look when Leonel actually nodded and pulled the five items to his side, signaling that he had accepted.

Montez's mouth opened to say something, but he held back in the end. He felt even more stifled now than Leonel had. How could he continue to make fun of this kid if he acted like this.

'He a good kid, but it seems even he has a temper, huh? Almost as annoying as…'

Leonel gave up asking Montez questions. He knew that there was probably a good reason for why he couldn't tell him more. It was best to just focus on the good these rewards would bring him rather than anything else. He still had a Tier 8 and 9 Black treasure to pick, and a Quasi Tier 1 Bronze reward as well.

'I already had [Call of the Wind] to help my long distance attacks. But, even though I modified it to help my spearmanship, it would probably be better to have a real spear technique. Right now I'm relying too much on instinct but don't have any real idea how to wield this thing.'

Leonel thought back to how he had just randomly picked up this spear from a gang of humans and smiled wryly. It could be said that he stumbled into this Lineage Factor of his.

However, the truth was that Leonel was far more interested in his own ability. The potential Dream World had was inconceivable. If taken to its logical extreme, there might even come a day where he could simulate Zones and not even need a device to do it for him. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Of course, that was still too far from him now. As things stood currently, his accuracy was barely above 70% for matters between the Third and Fourth Dimensions. If he tried to simulate Black Zones, which were instances of the Fourth Dimension influencing the Third, his accuracy wouldn't even be 50%.

There was another matter as well. Using Dream World was a great drain on his spirit even for something as focused as forming a Force Node. He couldn't even imagine the drain of attempting to simulate several months worth of events.

'I don't have enough information. I don't think Zone Analysis Devices simulate months worth of events either. There's definitely a simpler way, I just don't know what it is…'

Leonel shook his head. He was wasting his time thinking about matters too far beyond him. He still had to remember that there was a time limit.

"What do you think, Uncle Montez? I need a spear technique, but I'm not sure if I should use my Quasi Tier 1 Bronze reward on it or not."

Montez shook his head. "I don't suggest you pick a spear technique at all. You aren't even aware of the basics. In addition, if you add more information before you're ready, it will influence your ability to sense your Lineage Factor before it has matured."

Leonel smiled bitterly. Didn't that mean he had made a mistake again? He had already technically learned such a technique. Should he stop using it?

"Then is there a method among the rewards that can help me learn about my Lineage Factor? Or maybe strengthen it like [Dimensional Cleanse] could my ability?"

Montez shook his head again. "Lineage Factors are tailored to specific families. The methods to learn and strengthen them are kept close by said families. If your Lineage Factor is the result of the future influencing the past, you can only muddle through on your own."

Leonel was speechless. And here he thought that the future influencing the past was a great thing. But it seemed that those with great backing still had an advantage.

Taking a deep breath, he settled himself down.

"I would like to see all the full bodysuits you have at the reward levels I'm looking for. They must have a self-cleaning function. I also want to see everything you have that can draw Force Arts. And lastly, I want to see everything that can help my movement speed."

Leonel was very much aware that his greatest weakness was still his speed. It had managed to catch up, but this was only under the influence of his One Star Cleansed Body. He wasn't certain if the effects would continue. In addition, having trump cards to escape dangerous situations didn't sound so bad.

With a clap of Montez's hands, the counter expanded once more. Leonel's gaze was filled with all sorts of bodysuits or various shapes and sizes, in addition to an assortment of shoes, talismans, and even… temporary tattoos?

"As for the treasures that can write Force Arts…" Montez grinned mysteriously. "… That quill I gave you is more than enough."

Leonel's brows raised, but didn't say much more.

"Then instead of that, I want a treasure that makes things more convenient to carry. Aina gave me this belt that shrinks things… But I'm kind of embarrassed to keep relying on her like this."

"Hohoho, Aina is it?" Montez gave Leonel a lewd grin.

Leonel ignored Montez who soon clapped his hands once more causing the long display table to expand once more.

In the end, Leonel chose his three items.

With his Tier 8 Black reward, he picked out a bland, black bracelet. He was shocked to find that it had a small space in it about two cubic meters in size. If he lay his spear diagonally within it, it wouldn't be a problem to put it in. Though, Leonel didn't plan on doing this.

With his Tier 9 Black reward, he chose another pair of shoes that could disguise themselves as sneakers.

This was when Leonel found out some unfortunate news. No treasures beneath the Bronze tier could increase his stats after they reached 1.00. So, he couldn't find something that increased his speed any longer. However, he felt that this reward was even more useful.

These shoes could produce a platform to jump off of! All Leonel had to do was circulate some Force into them and time them to activate after he leapt into the air, then he could proceed to do a 'double' or even 'triple jump'.

The only unfortunate part was that they had a one minute cool down, so Leonel could at most walk two steps across the air. But, it would be useful nonetheless. Had he had these shoes against Joan, she wouldn't have been able to run from him so easily.

Finally, with his Quasi Tier 1 Bronze reward, he chose a silver chain necklace with numerous small runes etched onto it. It had the ability to produce a transparent, pale blue membrane. This membrane could fuse with his clothing, making them more difficult to tear, increase his defense, and it had a self-cleaning function as well, making it perfect.