Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel whipped out his spear, his wrist flexing. The droplets of blood that remained sprayed outward, leaving the spear spotless and whether by design or accident, landing on the three moaning and groaning before him.

Ingkath, Irolana and Balthorn didn't quite know how to react to such a scene. They had been planning on distancing themselves, but Leonel had reacted so quickly that they were somehow still to his back. Their vantage point was by far the best of everyone else. But, it was precisely because of this that they could hardly believe what they had just seen.

Wielor and the other so-called seniors were all Tier 4 at worst.

This number sounded benign. After all, even the City Lords of Terrain had been more powerful than this. Their average strength had been around Tier 6 while the most powerful of them like City Lord White had been Tier 7.

However, it had to be understood that strength across worlds was looked upon differently.

The truth was that true geniuses spent the most time within the Fourth Dimension, slowly accumulating the strength of their bodies.

In the Dimensional Verse, the Third Dimension was technically the beginning. But the reality was that it was more like a spark. The Fourth Dimension was where the flame was slowly nurtured and grown.

The Fourth Dimension would lay the foundation of the body into the future. So, usually, geniuses would wait until their Force spilled over into the next Realm rather than forcing their way through like the City Lords of Terrain had.

As a result, Tier 4 to these seniors was likely no worse than Tier 6 to those City Lords. In comparison, Ingkath, Irolana and Balthorn were all still suppressing their Force at Tier 1. Unfortunately, they couldn't even use this as an excuse because… Leonel hadn't even stepped into the Fourth Dimension yet!

Of course, none of this mentioned abilities. But, Leonel had taken two out before they even got a chance to use theirs, while he abused his speed to stop Wielor from making use of his.

It could be said that with this one fight, Leonel was already considered to be the strongest newcomer and was even a match for upper years.

At that moment, before the stunned crowd could even process what they had just seen, Leonel put his spear away and began to move.

Pulling out a rope of beast tendons from who knows where, Leonel tied a single ankle of each one of these so-called seniors and began to drag them.

Too caught up in their own pain, the groaning seniors could only protect themselves from worsening their injuries while being dragged through the crowd.

Leonel stopped before a thick tree near the city gates.

If there was one thing Valiant Heart Mountain had going for it, it was the fact that its city wasn't completely disconnected from nature. Even such a thick tree which would easily take ten men to wrap around it was still standing here proudly.

Leonel took out another spear.

This one had an exceptionally long blade that took up a third of its body. In reality it almost felt and looked more like a glaive than anything else.

Still holding onto the rope with one hand, Leonel began to slowly carve into the soil around the tree, careful not to harm its roots. It would be a shame if such a beautiful ancient tree died.

No one understood what Leonel was doing. And, unfortunately for the trio of seniors at his feet, no one dared to stick their nose in this mess. They were still unaware of exactly what was happening, but what they did know was that a youth of not even the Fourth Dimension had just demolished three Tier 4 experts.

From the conversation they had overheard, it was clear that this young man was a freshman, yet he already wielded such strength. In their minds, anyone with such power would most definitely not come from a common background.

Yet, this young man had also said something about these lackies being from Hero Peak.

Who would want to get caught in the battle between two giants? At this point, they could only hope that the boy's background was as exaggerated as they thought it was, or else his life would be pretty much forfeit.

Although killing between fellow disciples was prohibited, if one understood the cruelty of the world, there were a lot of things one could do before reaching that extreme. And, in a lot of ways, those things were even worse depending on the type of person that you were.

Considering how prideful this young man seemed to be, there was likely little doubt that he would likely be a person exactly like that. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At that moment, someone gasped.

Everyone snapped out of their thoughts at once only to find that Leonel had launched the three into the air, hanging them all from the thick tree upside down.

Leonel tied the final knots tightly. He wasn't very familiar with the most difficult to undo knots in the past, but one would be surprised just how comprehensive the lesson plans his father left behind were.

Leonel doubted that there would be anyone who could undo this knot in Valiant Heart. Their only option would be to cut them down. But, if they thought it would be so easy, they'd be sorely mistaken.

Taking a step back, Leonel admired his handywork before nodding to himself in satisfaction.

"Make way!"

At that moment, a young woman pushed her way through. Not far behind her, Radlis seamlessly blended into the crowd once again, but Leonel didn't miss that small hint. He couldn't help but shake his head. It seemed that Radlis hadn't just run away after all.

The crowd began to murmur. They recognized this young woman. This wasn't because she was famous, but rather because of the unique runes drawn across her cloth belt.

She was a member of the only true neutral faction of Valiant Heart mountain, Valiant Hall. They were the peacekeepers of the organization and handled disputes between disciples. They were also designated with the task of recruiting disciples.

And this final role was what Leonel knew this woman the most for…

She was none other than Sael, the young woman who had recruited both himself and Aina.