Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They say that Hero Peak was the most powerful Peak. But, the true reason for this was because Valiant Hall never involved themselves in any resource disputes. If not for this, even if Valiant Hall wouldn't be the most powerful, they would definitely be a close second or third to Hero Peak.

When Sael made her way through the crowd, something that was not too difficult considering her stature, she suddenly felt a massive headache coming on when she saw that the core of this commotion was Leonel.

'Goddammit!' She screamed in her mind.

This was exactly what she didn't want to happen. And, of the elders of Valiant Heart who were against accepting Leonel, this was exactly what they had worried about as well.

If they accepted him into the organization, what would they do when he ran amok? How were they supposed to reprimand the potential Heir of a Seventh Dimensional family? They could hardly hold onto their place among Bronze Organizations, they had no right to even think of facing the ire of a Gold Organization.

In the end, their only recourse was in ignoring Leonel while he was here and hoping that he went away faster. In their minds, a genius like Leonel wouldn't be with them for very long. As long as they held out for a year or two, he would likely get bored of the girl he was chasing, or maybe he would even win her heart, then he would go off toward other adventures.

Of course, they had also considered that this was potentially part of the coming trials all Morales Clan Heirs had to face. But, that world was so far from them that they only understood tidbits that they could pick up from rumors.

Though Sael had believed this to be the case, after speaking to more knowledgeable elders, she realized how ridiculous her previous assertions were.

They, as a mere Fifth Dimension organization, had no chance in stepping foot into such a war. If they did so, they would only be asking for death.

This was ultimately why the decision was made. They would ignore Leonel. They wouldn't ask him for help because they were well aware that he had no way of helping them.

This decision is what resulted in Leonel's current situation.

Aside from Sael, the two Valiant Hall members that had come with her that day, and the highest echelon members of Valiant Heart, no one else was aware of Leonel's true identity.

And the truth was, that other than well learned individuals like Sael who also happened to have had the benefit of seeing much of the world, no one would be able to deduce Leonel's identity either. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

It could even be said that if it wasn't Sael specifically who had gone that day, maybe, even to this point, no one would know Leonel's true identity. After all, there was a reason even to his death, Anared didn't recognize Leonel even after he used his Bronze Runes.

Leonel smiled when he saw Sael. "Long time, no see."

'Long time no see your head!'

Sael grit her teeth.

'This damned playboy chased a girl all the way here and he still hasn't given up yet. Now he's causing trouble I've got to clean up. How are we supposed to keep the prestige of Valiant Hall if we're lenient with him?'

"Come with me." Sael eventually said coldly.

Leonel raised an eyebrow. "What for?"

Sael felt like her head was about to explode. This damned brat, couldn't he understand that she was trying to be lenient? Though Leonel hadn't killed anyone, battling disciples outside of designated areas was also grounds for punishment.

Within the crowd, Radlis scratched his head at a loss. He had gotten a Valiant Hall member to help Leonel. But, who knew that he would actually beat those three seniors before he could even get her here.

It seemed that his help was more of a detriment than anything else.

Radlis sighed. "Pops always said to keep your nose out of everyone's business…"

If those who knew Radlis heard him say this, they'd probably bash him over the head. Maybe he should listen to his father more. But, it was clear that he had never taken these words very seriously.

What Sael didn't know, though, was that Leonel really didn't know. From his perspective, he wasn't in the wrong considering he was attacked first. But now, Sael hadn't even asked what happened before asking him to come with her.

"He was attacked first!"

"Yea, those greasy seniors tried to put paws on our handsome little junior brother!"

"They deserve to be hung up a tree!"

"Yea!"

"Yea!"

Radlis dashed through the crowd, cupping his hand over his mouth and forming different voices. He was seemingly exceptionally proud of his female voice.

"Little junior brother, if she bullies you can come to me tonight. Big sis with soothe your aching limbs!"

The crowd seemed to grow more and more rowdy.

Sael frowned when she heard these things.

"You were attacked first?"

"Shouldn't you have checked that first? What's the point of asking now?" Leonel replied somewhat coldly.

Sael felt a headache coming on. Wasn't this brat playing wronged little brother a bit too well? Dammit, you're the potential Heir of a monstrous family, can't you at least act like it?!

Sael's expression darkened. But in the end, she pinched her brows and sighed.

Forget it. Wasn't this the way of the universe? The powerful did as they pleased and the little people like her had to pick up after them.

"Who are the freshmen for this round?"

"Me!"

Radlis dashed out of the crowd. "Beautiful lady, I was so scared. You're too fast, you left me so far behind. How could you do that?"

Sael sent Radlis a glance, causing him not to dare cross the half meter mark between them. But, his sly grin never disappeared.

Not long later, with a hint of embarrassment, the remaining three also made their presences known.

"Alright, follow me. To ensure that nothing else happens, I'll lead you to finish the remaining procedures."

Sael turned to leave before sending one last glance back. Luckily, she stopped herself before she looked all the way back and bit her teeth hard.

She had to pretend as though she had forgotten about the seniors left in the tree to appease Leonel, or else who knew if this shameless young master would make a small matter even larger than it was.

Unfortunately for her, as bad as her impression of Leonel was, Leonel's impression of her was even worse.

'These damned organizations (young masters), they're all the same.'

Leonel and Sael shook their heads.

As their backs disappeared into the city, news spread like a wildfire.. The humiliation of members of Hero Peak suddenly became a hot topic.