Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel brought out a particular snowglobe from his spatial ring, staring at its surface for along while.

He could immediately tell that something had changed about it, but he couldn't quite put his finger on exactly what it was.

This particular snowglobe had spent no small amount of time in the Lab Setting, sitting on a shelf. And, what Leonel didn't know was that it had undergone this change long ago, more than half a year ago, in fact. However, in his caution, Leonel had kept at arm's length from anything related to it, choosing instead to focus on other things.

In the past, Leonel might have recklessly chosen to charge forth. But, learning a bit of caution, he brought out the only tool he could continuously rely on.

A part of his mind felt that he relied on the dictionary a bit too much. At least for now, though, he didn't feel that this was worth harping on.

"Is it safe for me to observe this Force Art?"

After a while of being unsure of how to approach this matter despite the fact his instincts were screaming at him every which way, Leonel decided on the most logical question.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, it is not completely safe. ]

Leonel sighed. Once again with these overly straightforward answers.

The more Leonel learned about Crafting, though, the more he realized just what sort of feat it was for his father to create such a thing. If the dictionary had to be classified, Leonel was absolutely certain that it was beyond the Silver Grade.

Leonel expecting more complex answers was akin to wishing this dictionary would birth intelligence of its own. But at that point, the dictionary wouldn't just be a treasure, it would likely be capable of being classified as its own form of life.

Such a thing would be far beyond Leonel's scope of understanding and would likely be even beyond a Gold Grade treasure.

After thinking for a moment, Leonel settled on another question.

"What exactly is unsafe."

[ *Ping* ]

[ The observation of Force Law Arts requires a strong foundation of mental fortitude and computational ability. It is inadvisable to observe this Force Law Art unless you have begun to reinforce your mind. ]

'Force Law Art?'

Leonel was intrigued. This was the first time he had heard this term. It had some familiar parts, but wasn't entirely so. Realizing this, Leonel pressed for more answers.

[ *Ping* ]

[ A Force Law Art is a category of Force Art that has no functional ability but rather lays the Law for the function of derivative Force Arts. ]

The definition was simple, but Leonel felt as though an explosion had gone off in his mind. If he understood this to mean what he thought this meant, it was a massive boon.

Steadying his breathing, Leonel calmed himself. He had already understood that this must be the true reward from the Camelot Zone. However, what he still didn't understand was exactly what change it had undergone for him to feel as though it was so much different now than it had been in the past.

"What caused the change in this Force Law Art?"

[ *Ping * ]

[ The Force Law Art was incomplete until the Mythological Zone it was constructed from was perfectly cleared. ] Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

It was then that Leonel finally understood. He had thought that the only reward for completing the Camelot Zone and solving the love triangle was the evolution of Earth… But it turned out that he couldn't have been more wrong.

What function did a Force Law Art provide?

When Leonel embarked on the journey of improving Camelot's spells, he tried his best to deconstruct their Force Arts into their most simple form. By breaking them down and rebuilding them, he was able to somewhat better understand how spells were formed.

As a result of this, he became capable of layering and combining spells of even two separate attributes together – as he displayed during his battle with the Puppet Master.

However, ultimately, the improvement Leonel was able to bring about wasn't very great. Though he allowed a Peak Third Dimensional spell to display power rivaling that of a Fourth Dimensional one, it wasn't enough of a change to be worth it.

When Leonel battled the seniors just now, he didn't even consider using spells because the tradeoff just wasn't worth it despite the fact his mind was the most powerful part of himself at the moment.

What this Force Law Art provided was a path forward. Rather than stumbling forward himself, it was like Leonel had been handed a decryption key. Now, the enigma that had been the laws that governed Camelot's spells opened up to him and read no differently from any other book…

And, the best part of all of this was the fact that the root of the Law itself wasn't restricted by Dimensions.

There was no doubt that there were some Mythological Zones that were more valuable than others. Even if one cleared two and gained full rewards from both, there was no guarantee that the new magic system one gained from it would have the same potential.

This was all to say that no two magic systems were built to reach the true heights of the universe and the odds of stumbling into a new magic system that could rival the oldest of the existing ones was slim to none…

Still, even with all that being said, if there was going to be one world capable of producing such a magic system from the very first Mythological Zone it produced…

It would most definitely be Earth!

As for whether Camelot's magic system truly had such potential, only time would tell. However, Leonel didn't mind even if it became useless after the Fourth Dimension. All he wanted was for it to be of use now. As for the future? He could deal with it then.

With these thoughts completed, Leonel sat on his small bed and sank his mind into the snowglobe, still unaware that trouble had already come knocking.