Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The young man with the large mouth hesitated when he heard these words. Saying such things…

Usually, when to behemoths faced off against each other, it was always the little people who suffered most. He was just a freshman, no different from Leonel. Yet, because he, quite literally, had a big mouth, he ended up in this situation.

In truth, he was among the group who had surrounded Leonel and Aina during that time. But, for obvious reasons, he hadn't been able to lay a hand on either. As a result, he ended up venting his frustrations in one of the few open bars freshman could afford and happened to be overheard. Once again… because of his big mouth.

Now, he had been standing here, yelling insults for the past several hours. By now, his throat was scorched and his tongue felt heavy. He really needed water, but he was also too afraid to ask these seniors for such aid. He couldn't even muster up the courage to look at them.

From time to time, he would send pleading glances toward his fellow freshman, but they only returned rage fueled gazes back.

These were the freshman living quarters after all. In an ironic twist, Leonel, the one person they wanted to bother the most, was likely the only one unbothered by this turn of events.

Obviously, as mere freshman, they couldn't even dream of turning their anger toward the seniors. If even the likes of Ingkath had to tread carefully around these youths, who were they to do any different as youths who couldn't even match up to him?

As a result, everyone turned their anger toward their fellow freshmen. Why the hell did he have to have such a big mouth?

The young man was known as Thetris. But at this moment, the only thing he could be happy about was that very few knew this.

He wanted to cry real tears, but could only suck it up.

'I'll just have to wear a mask and change my voice until all of this blows over…'

Taking a deep breath and holding back a stream of salty liquid, Thetris began to bellow once more.

"I HEAR YOUR NAME IS LEONEL! IT'S TOO BAD THAT YOU WERE TOO MUCH OF A COWARD TO TELL US YOURSELF, SO WE HAD TO CALL UP YOUR MOTHER! DON'T WORRY, WE GAVE HER A GOOD TIME! HOW ELSE DO YOU THINK WE GOT HER TO SELL OUT HER OWN SON?!"

A silence fell over the freshman quarters.

Beads of sweat fell down Thetris' brow. He really thought that there was no way any man would allow such words to be said about his mother. If Leonel was ignoring him before, there was simply no fathomable way that he would continue to do so.

The eerie silence that fell over the freshman quarters felt like a calm before the storm.

But, even after more than two minutes, there was still no movement from the freshman quarters.

The youth beside gave Thetris another signal. Since the first wasn't enough, they would just go down the rabbit hole. He really wanted to see if this Leonel would truly not dare to step out after they were through raking his name through the mud. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

[Author's Note: Fair warning… I got a bit creative with these ones… I think I need to see a therapist]

"… A man who doesn't step out to protect his own mother's name? Ah, I get it! When you were being conceived, your old man had his cock in his hand, bending over the side of the bed with sweat pouring down his face, taking bets for which of your whore mother's gang bangers would father you!"

…

"… I also hear that your mother birthed you along with a steaming pile of shit! She was so cum drunk, she couldn't tell which pile of garbage was you! Who the hell knows what she was doing up until she went into labor?!"

…

"… Don't worry about your little girlfriend! We have real men over at Hero Peak, she's getting your mother's treatment and then some! When next you see her, she won't even be able to remember your name! Her vocabulary will be whittled down to 'Yes, daddy!' and 'Right away, daddy!'"

…

Thetris' barrage of insults only seemed to grow worse and worse. No stone was left unturned. It was like a rapid fire collection of what would only expect to find in the worst kind of doujin. It was a horror to listen to without a doubt.

The youths who had come to the freshman quarters knew their limits. They didn't dare to cause a commotion throughout the whole city, or else they would be annoying people they couldn't afford to annoy. So, Thetris' voice was restricted to the few kilometer long strip assigned to freshman, but that didn't stop news from spreading like wildfire, especially after there was not a single movement from Leonel even after all this time.

On a building a distance away, a youth wearing the emblem of Valiant Hall sat, looking on with a half bored, half amused expression. He had come here to protect Leonel at Sael's will, but he didn't expect this brat to actually be such a coward.

'Aiya, of all the Hero Peak members you had to catch the attention of, it had to be that sadistic bastard.'

The young man, who went by Gersan, looked at the back profile of the youth standing by Thetris, handing him orders every so often.

Even just his back view made him seem like a writhing snake, ready to pounce.

He had only been in Valiant Heart for three years, yet he had already been promoted to a white belt and was only a step away from entering the ranks of blue belts.

Unfortunately, his strength was just one aspect. What he was truly known for was being the King of the Ores. He was a business savvy individual who practically hoarded merits thanks to his borderline evil business practices.

Him targeting Leonel like this was truly a case of bad luck. It seemed that this King of Ores, Sarrieth, was using Leonel as a stepping stone to ease his promotion to blue belt.

'Tch… Bad luck indeed. But, what does this have to do with me?'

Gersan leaned back on the rooftop, half closing his eyes.