Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"For a freshman brat, you sure have a lot of guts." Nigmir's voice seemed to be everywhere, being carried by the wind to all corners. If Leonel didn't know better, he would have thought that he had cloned himself. "Since someone has yet to teach you your place, let it be me."

Nigmir's four meter long lance trembled, a tempest of wind kicking up and concentrating around its shaft. In one moment, it looked no different from an enormous lance. In the next, it had become a drill bit, tearing through the skies with a momentum that would send a cold shiver down anyone's spine.

Nigmir's arm flexed.

In that instant, a cone of rotating wind shot through the skies. It was impossibly fast, crossing a distance of a hundred meters in what felt like a blink.

Leonel's gaze narrowed, a deep black Force flickering around him.

His body vanished, reappearing just a meter to the side.

The cone of wind shot by, causing the merchants below to scatter.

It tore through the ground, burrowing through the earth. The Force was so concentrated and controlled that not a single crack appeared outside the hole. However, even with that being the case, the cone shot through at leas ten meters of ground, and might have had no intention of stopping had it not been for Nigmir's Force running out.

Leonel expression looked at his arm. Numerous shallow cuts had torn into his skin, some of which even drew blood.

His gaze shifted back to the hold in the ground, flashing with a hint of something unknown.

It had to be known that Valiant Heart was a Fifth Dimensional world. Even though it was nowhere near the most powerful Fifth Dimensional worlds there was, it still had a very sturdy construction. Any attack that could effect change in its landscape was a powerful one.

Leonel, himself, despite how overwhelming his current strength seemed, was also very limited. At that moment, he could only control the Elements in a ten meter radius around him, and even then, it required much more effort than it had on any Fourth Dimensional world he had ever been on, especially since he wasn't a natural citizen of this world.

For Nigmir to be able to display such prowess…

Nigmir's arm flexed once again. This time, his attacks became like a blur, raining down an avalanche of spiraling cones.

They whistled through the air, screaming with an ear grating harshness.

Kaela's eyes widened. 'He's gone insane!'

"Run! What are you all still doing here?!" Kaela roared. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The merchants, even if they didn't have guards, were often well versed in the art of self protection. And, those that didn't, had most definitely heavily invested in protection from outside sources.

But, they were ultimately still small-time merchants. The true elite merchants wouldn't be trading with what effectively amounted to college kids. Or, more accurately, they wouldn't be waiting in line to do so.

If these fools didn't run, a few really might die. Leonel seemed to have had a sense of propriety in his actions outside of what he had done with his gravity field, but Nigmir didn't seem to care even the slightest bit.

Leonel drifted through the skies. Every time he appeared again, he would only shift a single meter in any direction, but with his calculative abilities, he was able to make use of this single meter as though it was an endless lifeline, shifting through Nigmir's barrage with an almost practiced ease.

However, Nigmir didn't seem to care in the slightest, a savage expression lighting his face.

The wind in the surroundings seemed to only grow more and more volatile. With each spiraling cone of death, the situation only grew worse.

Outside the scope of the battlefield, a violent tempest was being kicked up. If a normal human had been in such a situation, even just walking around would have been impossible.

Tents went flying, dust clouds kicked up, and even keeping one's eyes open became an impossible task.

"Wind Style. Hurricane Paradise." Nigmir's voice covered the skies.

Kaela's expression changed. 'This madman is using a Style on a freshman?!'

However, what Kaela felt next made her close her mouth. If using a Style on a freshman was shameless, then what could this be called?

Nigmir peered down from above as though a god. He watched Leonel continue to dodge, his lip curling with disdain.

"Four Seasons Realm. Spring's Storm."

At that instant, what once were violent, uncontrollable winds became even more so. The entirety of the Ore Market seemed to have become Nigmir's domain.

"Do you think that what you saw before was the extent of a senior's prowess?! We went easy on you before, but it seemed that you didn't take our kindness to heart. So, today I'll show you, the difference between a brat like you and the Elites of the King of Ores faction!"

Nigmir was truly and elite amongst elites. Not only had he mastered a Style, but he had also comprehended a Season of the Four Seasons Realm even to the point of perfectly fusing it with his Style.

This wasn't a simply additive change to his strength. The combination of his Style and his Spring Realm was no weaker than if he had comprehended the entirety of the Four Seasons Realm through second hand means. If he mastered a second Season Realm that perfectly fused with his Style, he would even be able to match up to someone who had self comprehended one or two Seasons!

The clouds above reacted to Nigmir's call. The scent of spring hung in the air, the almost metallic scent of wet grass assaulting the senses.

Nigmir rose his arms into the skies as though basking in his own glory. The tempest of wind seemed to only grow more and more powerful, the strands of green, illusory air becoming like whips lashing through the skies.

Nigmir opened his eyes once more, his body brimming with strength.

Then, he exploded forth, booming concentric circles of air lighting his pathway and accelerating him forward.. Playtime was over.