Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's spear didn't pause, shooting through Nigmir's chest without the slightest halt in momentum.

Nigmir looked down, stunned, unable to grasp what had just happened. Even though he could feel that Leonel had deftly avoided all of his most vital points, the pain that shot through him was not fake.

Wasn't this exactly what he had planned on doing to Leonel? How had he ended up on the other side of things? What was going on exactly?

Nigmir lost his strength, feeling as though standing in the air was impossible. But, even as he wanted to fall to the ground, he found himself stuck on the other end of Leonel's spear. His body bowed and swayed, following the movement of the flexible spear, but he never seemed to dip down far enough to slip off.

Leonel's gaze shifted downward, only to find a squadron of Valiant Hall members led by none other than Sael making their way forward.

Looking at the carnage, Sael felt as though her head was going to explode. But, seeing the state Nigmir was in and even worse how Leonel seemed completely unaffected, she couldn't help but feel that this world was truly too unreal.

Unfortunately for Sael's mental health and Nigmir, for that matter, the latter was simply asking to be directly countered.

Nigmir relied on a combination of his Style and Four Seasons Realm comprehension to form a pseudo Domain for himself. Leonel had to admit that he was quite innovative and had definitely shown a level of ingenuity Leonel had yet to.

Leonel still felt that his ability had a lot of room to grow, but ever since it reached the Quasi Silver Grade, he hadn't come up with any new ground breaking abilities. He still felt that he hadn't unlocked the full potential of his ability, something he couldn't really say for Nigmir who had very clearly squeezed out a lot of potential in his.

This aside, Nigmir's goal was always to raise the concentration of Wind Force and make the area as volatile as possible. The more torrential wind there was, the faster and stronger his attacks would be.

Unfortunately for Nigmir, though, Leonel's flexible spear was the perfect counter. So perfect, in fact, that Leonel almost instantly ended the battle.

At the end of the day, the Wind Domain spear was created to gather momentum through Wind Force and continuously increase the speed of attack of the user. Yet, Leonel was able to skip all of those steps and ignore the fact he had a poor affinity all because Nigmir set the perfect stage for him.

This was all to say that… The moment Nigmir began to take Leonel seriously, he was destined to lose. And, maybe more depressingly, if he hadn't begun to take Leonel seriously… He would have lost anyway.

Leonel shifted his gaze away from Sael, ignoring her completely.

In his eyes, Valiant Hall was nothing more than a joke. He had no idea the true reason Gersan had been there in the first place, so he only assumed that Valiant Hall was just about as corrupt as every other organization he had been a part of. At this moment, the weight of Sael's words might as well have been non-existent to him.

Even if Gersan wasn't a part of this, the fact that Valiant Hall did nothing while one of their students had their name dragged through the mud for weeks on end, and even worse that they simply allowed the relentless bullying of the freshman for just as long by Thetris' antics, was enough for Leonel to turn his nose up at them with disdain.

This sort of world where organizations thought that the best way to train their youths was to pit them against each other in a dog eat dog environment…

It made Leonel sick to his stomach.

Sael froze when she saw Leonel's look of disdain. She would have thought that Leonel was just acting like a typical young master from a lofty family again had it not been for the very clear underlying disappointment in his gaze.

Disappointment? Why was that emotion there?

"Where is Sarrieth?" Leonel asked coldly, flexing his wrist.

The action caused Nigmir, who had been just about to fall unconscious, to wince. Pain shot through his body, his muscles seizing and his breathing growing short and hurried. One could hardly imagine the amount of strain it took to carry one's own body weight with nothing more than an already near fatal wound.

Nigmir coughed violently, blood drizzling from his lips.

A hint of undisguised fear was now in his eye. He felt like if he really chose to not say anything his life would be forfeit.

"H… He's not here! He's not here!"

"Where is he?" Leonel asked just as coldly.

"I-I don't know!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Nigmir coughed again. But, instead of feeling pity, Leonel turned his wrist.

Nigmir's face turned pale. Even though the thin blade had already run all the way through him, the polearm of this spear had numerous etchings drawn across its surface. Even if it was a smooth pole turning inside of him, he would have felt untold pain, let alone a pole with edges that could catch on his fragile inner organs.

"… I really don't know! I really don't!"

By the end, Nigmir was practically pleading, but Leonel didn't stop slowly turning his wrist again and again.

"AGH! I REALLY DON'T KNOW! IT'S POLICY NOT TO TELL US WHICH MINE HE'S VISITING!"

It was only after Leonel heard this that he finally let Nigmir slip off of his spear, not even watching as he hurtled toward the ground.

Sael snapped awake the moment she heard Nigmir screaming.

"Dammit! Catch him!" She bellowed, ordering those around her to help Nigmir.

In the meanwhile, Leonel had begun slowly descending toward the ground. As for his aim? It was none other than the rubble of what remained of King of Ores faction's white tent.. He didn't seem to notice how many eyes were on him at all as his eyes scanned the wreckage.