Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This time, having snapped out of her daze due to the appearance of a Metal Spirit, she paid more attention to Leonel's hands. Seeing how deft he was and the level of speed he was able to maintain, Kaela felt as though she had entered a completely new world.

'This is at least Grade One Designation… That's… Impossible…'

Elder Jac Beinala only allowed them to watch him work from afar, but she was certain that he was at the Advanced Grade Two Designation at best. In fact, Kaela was only able to reach Grade Two thanks to a fortuitous encounter while searching for flames to empower her Crafting.

It was thanks to this that her scope broadened and she realized the Beinala wasn't as great or mysterious as he claimed to be.

But even though she was aware of this, seeing Leonel now still made all she had learned in the past several decades feel like nothing more than a waste.

In 10 more minutes, the rock of impurities had been reformed into six different segments.

Leonel's right palm, which held the Polished Glass, let go, allowing a portion of Little Tolly to let it float.

With a flip of his palm, an elegant black quill appeared in Leonel's hand. Just its sight alone made Kaela's breathing quickened. This time, it wasn't only her either.

The Metal Spirit was so rare in this corner of the universe that only the most well learned would recognize it on first sight. But this quill was something they all recognized because all of them had one.

A Crafting Quill wasn't a rare thing. However… One of the quality Leonel was wielding now… Well, that was a different matter entirely.

They all thought that it was at least Tier 7, having never seen a Quasi Bronze Quill before. If they had broader knowledge, it would have been easier to guess. But, even without knowing, they were practically drooling.

Leonel, however, was completely focused.

His wrists flicked, several Force Arts being drawn in what felt like in an instant. It felt as though his quill would pass by a region, only for a pristine Force Art to appear where he had just been.

This was the first time they had watched someone draw Force Arts so quickly, and on a useless piece of rock, no less. But at that moment, they didn't care.

Unlike Jac who always found ways to hide his process, Leonel didn't hide a single thing. Kaela even managed to see through what Force Arts Leonel was drawing.

The language was a bit different, but the function was the same. She felt certain that these were just modified versions of the Arts she had drawn on her so-called final product, but Leonel was drawing them on the useless rock.

"We'll use the same Arts you used with just a single change." Leonel began to speak.

Kaela's lip twitched. A single change? Leonel had already altered the whole designed. She had no idea what he was thinking.

"You combined an air purification, wind shield and air suction Force Art in order to simulate a vacuum. It was a genius combination, I won't change anything about that…"

Leonel knew a higher level Force Art which didn't require this combination and could simply form a vacuum by itself. But, he felt that there was no need to do this. Kaela was the leader of this team, not him. There was no need to make her years of hard work meaningless when it was a method that would work well enough.

Kaela beamed with pride, practically grinning ear to ear.

"The only think I'll add is a spacer. It's a simple magnetic Force Art that adds a charge to an ore."

Kaela blinked. She was really curious because she had never seen such a Force Art. But, at the same time, she was even more curious about what it would be used for.

At that moment, Leonel's left had began to move. Little Tolly, who had been doing nothing but holding the pristine ball of Polished Glass Ore up, shifted.

The pristine ball was separated into several marbles. A single palm sized ball formed what seemed like over 30 thumbnail sized ball. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Leonel took just a single one, his fingers moving like a blur.

The marble was molded and folded, forming small, surgical knife blades that couldn't have been thicker that a hair's width.

Leonel's pen began to move again, place the final Force Arts in place.

With deft fingers, he slid the knife blades into the six pieces of rock. Then…

*Snap.

Kaela jumped.

When she saw the complete Craft, she was stunned.

It was a small ball, less the third the size of a palm. But, it had numerous thin perforations. If it wasn't for the fact she had seen Leonel slide the Polished Glass Ore pieces into them, she wouldn't have noticed this as all.

On top of the ball, there was a small pin no different from any other grenade.

Leonel smiled, his expression just as relaxed.

"This is the final product. It looks like the blades are touching but they aren't. The blades are just a small bit thinner than the perforations in the ball. The magnetic Force Arts repel each other from all sides equally, causing them to hover in place.

"The pin completes the circuit for the completion of the vacuum. The moment the pin is removed, air rushes in. The sudden surge, causing by a high concentration of air flowing into an area of low concentration, will cause the thin blades to rattle.

"The moment the thin blades touch the impurities, the etchings I had to carve in for the sake of the magnetic Force Arts will ignite.

"The magnetic Force Art on the Polished Glass Ore with shatter before the ones I drew on the impure rock. The disruption will cause the blades to be ejected outward. The combination of the magnets and the explosion of the Polished Glass Ore will combine into one, making the explosion far more violent than it was originally.

"I'm fairly certain that this grenade could put someone in Tier 5 at death's door. Someone in Tier 6 would still be severely injured and it only costs a thirtieth of a weapon."

Leonel smiled, pointing toward the 29 remaining marbles.

Kaela and the others looked toward Leonel as though they were looking at a monster.

Radlis, especially, was at a loss, remembering what Leonel had said on the mountain pass that day.

'He wasn't lying….? He isn't a fool…? He really doesn't care about Tier 7 weapons…?'