Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As the crowd around Valiant Hall was steadily growing, Thilly came back out seemingly having completed his task. But, even he, who was usually even keeled and expressionless couldn't help but be shocked by the sudden change.

Why were there so many people coming? What was going on exactly?

Leonel had been certain that they had come to cause trouble. During his month of time with Kaela and the others, he hadn't lowered his guard, always being prepared for a sudden ambush from the King of Ores faction. But, even to this point, he hadn't seen a single thing. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

However, what was even more shocking about what was going on was the fact that after reaching the Exchange Fair, the more than 200 youths who had come began to observe each display curiously.

Leonel thought it was just an act. How could he not? According to what he learned from Kaela, they would be lucky to have a dozen audience members, and that was including the judges themselves.

But, the longer he observed, the more he realized that he was wrong.

Leonel was very good at reading the intentions of people. He thought himself to have quite a high level of emotional intelligence, it was part of the reason many were fond of him. However, even with these skills and his acute senses, he couldn't find anything wrong with this crowd of people. it was as though…

They had really come for the Fair? Just what was going on?

While Leonel was distracted, the entrance of Valiant Hall opened up once again. This time, three old timers came out.

"Ah?"

Kaela's expression changed drastically.

"What's wrong?"

Leonel was about to ask this question, but Rum was far more attentive to Kaela's change than even he was.

"That…" Kaela blinked, trying to regain her bearings.

She shook her head and took a deep breath.

Kaela couldn't take her eyes off of the old man in the center. Though Leonel had only known her for a short time, he was easily able to guess who the old man was.

Jac Beinala. The only Tier 9 Black Crafter Valiant Heart Mountain had to offer.

He was an old man that seemed to have a foot in the grave already. His skin was loose, his wrinkles prominent, and his face was covered in aged spots, making it difficult to tell what its original tone was meant to be.

However, despite this, and despite the fact he used a metallic walking cane to move, his back was ramrod straight, making one wonder why he needed the walking stick at all.

As though this old man wasn't odd enough to look at, his eyes seemed to have aged even quicker than his body, reflecting a milky white beneath his spectacles. And, much like Kaela, he too wore a lab coat. It seemed that during her time under his tutelage, she had still managed to pick up some of his habits.

Beside Elder Beinala were two others, both of whom were women. They were considerably younger than Beinala, but they had still been classified as old timers in Leonel's mind. So, it went to show just how old Kaela's former master was.

The two old women seemed to be in their late 50's to early 60's. Compared to Beinala, their skin was much more well taken care of. It was rare to see an older woman exposing so much, but such was the reality of Valiant Heart Mountain and their uniforms. Regardless, it made it clear that these two older women had taken good care of their bodies and even still seemed somewhat perky in some areas.

If it wasn't for the deep wrinkles by their eyes, they would have looked closer to 40 that they did 60.

Observing the atmosphere between the three, Leonel had a feeling that they had quite a close relationship. He wouldn't be surprised if they were married…

Leonel felt weirded out when he had this thought. Despite how much time had passed, monogamy was still very much the norm on Earth. In fact, now that all cultures had been assimilated, it was even more prevalent.

Leonel had never seen a person with two wives before…

"Why are they here…" Kaela's voice was hardly audible, but it snapped Leonel out of his useless thoughts.

That was right. Usually, only minor students and members of Valiant Hall would come to judge the Exchange Fair. Something like a Tier 9 Black Crafter coming to oversee what should amount to children's playthings in his eyes was ridiculous.

'What the hell is going on?' Leonel furrowed his brow.

He felt a bit stifled at this moment. His instincts were screaming at him that something was wrong, but he couldn't pinpoint what it was.

There were only two possibilities. Either whoever was playing games with him now was far smarter than he was or they were working with information Leonel simply didn't have.

Leonel calmed himself almost immediately, his irises becoming deathly still of all emotion. The world that had slowed under his exceptional thinking speed seemed to pick back up again.

The crowd of people began to roam freely, going from station to station as they curiously observed the products.

Having not been ready for such an audience, many of the smaller factions presenting alone with Leonel and the others were flustered. But, without a choice, they could only press forward.

At their own pace, the three old timers also began to visit the stations one by one. There didn't seem to be anything wrong with their actions.

But, for the first time since this crowd had come, Leonel finally picked out some oddities from the three. Every so often, their gaze would sweep over their station as though there was something interesting to pay attention to here.

Leonel's eyes narrowed.

Finally, the time came. The three judges finished with the station nearest to them and moved forward, their expressions impossible to read.

'Is it coming now?'