Leonel slammed the door of his room closed, his lips sealed over Aina's. His hands clasped beneath her thighs, holding her small frame up. He found himself completely lost in the feeling of her touch, though still not forgetting to blanket the room in protective and silencing arrays.

The room wasn't anywhere near big enough to accommodate the Segmented Cube Aina had surely brought with her, so Leonel gently laid her onto the small bed.

Aina's body coiled around Leonel's, immersed in her own hazy feeling. She allowed Leonel to toss away the heavy neckwear that hung around their shoulders, not caring the slightest bit when they clanged to the floor.

The feeling was intoxicating. Their tongues intertwined in their own sort of dance but that alone was enough for Aina to flush completely red, her breathing somewhat labored.

She felt something hard pressing against her from below. It was the sort of sensation that filled her with one part fear and another part ambiguous excitement.

Memories of the last time she had seen that beast below ran through her mind. She could still remember the throbbing heat in her hand. Something about it made her heart quicken with a faint anticipation.

Lost in her own haze, she hardly realized when Leonel had taken off his pants. Even though he still had a pair of undergarments below, the steely rod only seemed to become more prominent and more difficult to ignore.

Her hand reached out as though with a mind of its own, gently following the outline.

'… This… This is just an apology for disappearing for so long…'

Leonel sucked in a cold breath feeling the sudden touch. Even he didn't realize when Aina's hand had disappeared from the side of his face to appear where it was. But, he had no intention of stopping her either.

He pulled away from their kiss, his eyes opening to meet Aina's. He could see a partial absentmindedness behind her gaze, but there was also a sparkling hint of excitement.

Leonel held himself up with a hand, using the other to outline Aina's silhouette, her hand still proceeding below. He felt the curve of her breast through her chest band, the toned softness of her belly, and traced down to her belt before tugging at it.

Leonel's breath quickened, feeling a slight squeeze below.

Seeing his reaction, Aina's lip curled, the happiness in her eyes growing as she felt her belt slip off.

As Leonel continued to look in her eyes, he realized something.

At that moment, all of Aina's pleasure was being derived from making him happy. She seemed to enjoy this very much, but for some reason, this wasn't the kind of look Leonel wanted to see her wear right now.

He had never been with a woman before, but whenever he imagined the woman, a part of him wanted to see his every touch make her melt, his every kiss cause her body to convulse.

Maybe these were just the idealized dreams of a teenage boy who didn't know the faintest thing about a woman's body, but a man could hope, right?

On one hand, Leonel felt a sweetness in his chest that Aina looked so happy right now. But on the other, he didn't just want to see happiness. He wanted to see pleasure, he wanted to see intoxication, he wanted to hear sounds and see sights that could make his legs weak.

But… How would he do that?

Leonel's thumb traced along Aina's hip. Just beneath the waist of her pants, he could feel two layers of fabric. His heart couldn't help but quicken again when he realized what was just below…

Hooking his thumb between the two fabrics, he slowly pulled Aina's pants down.

Aina's flushed appearance deepened, but she didn't stop Leonel's hands. She pulled her hands away from Leonel's crotch, still feeling that faint heat on her palm.

Leonel took a deep breath, his eyes unable to come off Aina's body. He had expected to find Aina's usual boxer briefs, but for whatever reason on this day, she had instead worn a pair of black panties. It wasn't anything fancy, nor was it the lingerie one might see a model wear, but it was so tight that it was practically like a second skin.

It clung tightly to Aina's hips, curling around the precious lips below in a way that almost gave Leonel a perfect outline of what was beneath.

The sight was so tempting and enticing that Leonel simply wanted to rip them away at that very moment. And, he could tell by the look in Aina's eye that she wouldn't stop him. In fact, she would be happy as long as he was happy.

"… Do you want to see?" Aina's soft voice caused him to gulp.

He looked down again. But this time, Aina's arm partially obstructed his view, having found its way to his heated shaft once again.

Every fiber of Leonel's being screamed yes. Not only did he want to see what was below, but he also wanted to rip that damned chest band away. He wanted to drown in the pleasure that was his girlfriend's body, lose himself in her fragrance and fall into her soft touch.

But there was that look in her eye again.

There was a slight haziness and her breathing was somewhat shallow, but ultimately there was none of the look Leonel wanted to see. He wanted her to feel what he was feeling, to be enraptured by such a feeling of pleasure that she almost lost control just like he almost did. He wanted her to have shyly nodded when he asked if she wanted to come here not because she wanted to please him, but because she wanted to please herself.

But Leonel was at a loss. As easy to understand as the male body was, he had no clue about a woman's. He didn't even know where to begin.

Leonel looked up to meet Aina's eyes again, his breathing haggard. In his eyes, she was the most beautiful woman in the world. He just wanted to make her happy.

At that moment, Leonel's mind suddenly flashed with thoughts of Mordred.

'What would she do?'

Mordred's laughter sounded in Leonel's mind, her words teasing him about not knowing how to treat women resounding. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Leonel's gaze cleared somewhat.. He looked toward Aina from above and lowered his head for another kiss.