Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina felt that Leonel's reaction was a bit weird.

In truth, she had two favorite types of underwear. The first were loose boxers and the second were these skin tight plain panties. The latter allowed more freedom of movement but was less comfortable, while the former was far more comfortable to wear. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This time, she purposely chose to wear the second not just for her training, but because she thought they were more flattering to her figure. As expected, her heart rushed with excitement when she saw Leonel's reaction.

That said, she had also expected Leonel to practically lose control when he saw them as well. She was looking forward to seeing him react like this. Much like Leonel wanted to see her in throes of pleasure, how could she not also feel the same way?

In Aina's mind, during their moments of intimacy, she only cared about Leonel. He did so much for her, wasn't it her duty as a girlfriend to help him in this regard? It was also a bonus that she quite liked doing it too.

Since that first time in the pool, her and Leonel had had this dance more than a few times and she found it just as pleasurable every time. In fact, she faintly anticipated these moments…

What she didn't know was that a building determination had been rising in Leonel's heart all along.

'Take it slow.' Leonel's mind reached a state of calm. He kept his eyes closed, not wanting Aina to see the sharpness hidden within them.

'Dream Sculpt. Dreamscape.'

Aina's body in every perfect proportion was reflected in Leonel's mind. Her every bead of sweat, the precise shade of her flushed skin, and every curve of her body was being updated in real time.

'Beginning the analysis on partially nude form…'

Aina couldn't tell that anything was wrong. Leonel had already split one of his minds to focus on her entirely. He kissed her just as patiently and reacted just as passionately to the movement of her hands along the outline of his cock.

And that was when his hands and lips began to move.

Leonel gently pulled down Aina's chest band, revealing the bounce of her breasts. The two delicate orbs rebounded healthily, shimmering with a slight pink hue beneath the dim lights of Leonel's room.

Aina blushed, but was quickly distracted by Leonel's caring touch. His lips dotted across her body, causing her back to arch slightly under the novel stimulation. She was caught off guard, even to the point of forgetting that her hand was on Leonel's crotch at all.

Leonel's hands caressed her chest and played with her protruding pink nipples.

Aina's hips subtly grinded upward, making contact with Leonel's shaft. It was only for a brief moment, but she felt as though a sharp arc of electricity had shot through her spine.

She took in a sharp breath.

At first, Leonel seemed to touch odd places around her body. Her love handles, her belly button, she even felt him gently rub her earlobe while caressing her cheek. But, lost in allowing Leonel to do with her body as he pleased, she found herself gradually rising along a slow rising peak.

Leonel's head rose, his lips planting on Aina's once again.

As though finally getting a taste of water after so long, Aina greedily nibbled at Leonel's lips, loving the feeling of his large hand gently rolling her breast in his palm.

'Hints of arousal… change in breathing rhythm, increased perspiration, goosebumps, rising hair, moving to facilitate action, hand grabbing…'

Leonel's hand moved from Aina's breast, trailing down her toned belly and toward her skin tight, black panties. He slipped a finger beneath their fabric, slowly pulling them down.

Aina rose her hips, seemingly forgetting her embarrassment in her haziness. The beautiful, steamy picture of nature's perfection below almost made Leonel lose track of his focus, but he immediately split the stimuli between his more than 20 minds, shutting his eyes closed again.

Even with his eyes closed, though, the Dream Sculpt of Aina had already changed in his mind. It was truly a gorgeous sight beyond belief.

There was a well kept patch of black hair hovering above two gently folded lips. An enticing pinkness plucked at the strings of the mind, a fresh fragrance tickling the nose and making one feel as though flames were dancing within their veins.

Leonel steadied his breathing, continuing to build his Dreamscape of cues for Aina's arousal. He noted down his ever action and her every reaction, stringing together a list of combos that left Aina floating on a cloud.

Leonel's lips trailed down Aina's body, his tongue testing the curves of her breasts and the sensitivity of her torso.

His breathing hitched as his nose grazed past a patch of hair below. It was only then that Aina seemed to realize what was happening, causing a slight panic to take hold of her features.

Leonel's senses immediately caught on.

'Arousal plummeting…'

Leonel pinpointed the problem immediately, his head raising back up. He began to kiss the sensitive skin just below Aina's belly button, his hands running across her body.

Her anxiety seemed to give way to a breath of relief, which shifted to a hint of disappointment, which soon gave way to pleasure. Her hands drifted to the back of Leonel's head.

Leonel's every action became slow and deliberate. He reacted to Aina's wants instantly, building a more and more robust Dreamscape with each passing moment.

'Most sensitive regions… Neck, collarbone, lower belly, inner thighs…

'Areas where forcefulness is appreciated… Butt, hips, thighs, breasts…

'Areas where softness is the best approach… Kissing, earlobes, neck…

'Best combination attacks… Neck and breasts…

'Scared to try new things… will take her out of the experience… Best approach to combat… Take it slow, attack nearby region before moving toward target…'

Leonel found a formula that worked, finally breaking past Aina's mental block and touching his lips to those pretty pink folds.

At that moment, for the first time, a long moan left Aina's lips. She didn't even seem to realize what was happening. In fact, all her panic about Leonel's mouth being down there was completely forgotten.

Her mind was entirely filled with the feeling of Leonel's tongue running through her most sensitive region. The experience was so electric that she found it difficult to control her legs, her toes curling along the bed sheets.

'Hints of arousal… add leg trembling, toe curling…

'Cunnilingus files… prefers soft to medium sucking over just tongue… arousal increases when hands are in motion as opposed to staying stagnant… exposing the clitoris makes her reel back, too sensitive… keeping clitoris hood on is best sides of both worlds… she tends to run away from feelings of pleasure, keep her clamped in place…'

"Oh…" Aina's breathing hitched, her hands gripping onto Leonel's head tightly. "… Leonel!"

Aina's moan came out in a low groan, her legs snapping shut as her body curled.

Within his Dream World, one of Leonel's minds expressionlessly observed her form writhing with pleasure before its face gave way to a smile.

At that moment, Leonel realized that he had always been taking the wrong approach to battle. He expected his main Dreamscape to grow enough such that he would be able to guess the movements of any enemy even without battle… But such a goal was far too lofty and far too far away to ever achieve. It was also exactly because of this flaw that his Dreamscape Battle Sense took so much stamina to use.

However, if he built a separate Dreamscape for every battle, not unlike how he had just done to bring his precious girlfriend to the best feeling she had ever experienced… How much more potent would his Battle Sense become?

Leonel gazed at the pure ecstasy on Aina's face. He took in the bounce of her breast as she curled, the fragrant liquid that dripped from between her legs, the way every muscle of her toned body flexed simultaneously.

This was the look he wanted to see. This was the happiness he wanted to bring to his woman.

'Orgasm achieved.. Time taken, 27 minutes and 39 seconds.'