Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel gently nuzzled his nose between Aina's pretty pink folds, feeling a faint wetness and soaking in a sweet scent that took over his mind.

Aina's body trembled, her fingers tensing at odd angles. Her mouth opened and closed, seemingly wanting to say something but not having the strength to do so. It was only after Leonel's tongue still didn't seem satisfied that she could only use what remained of her stamina to pull his head up.

Her body was weak and feeble. The astonishing power she usually had fading into near nothingness.

Things might have been fine if Leonel stopped after the first time, but he hadn't. Aina's body was like a small rowboat swaying to Leonel's whims. By now, she had already lost count of the number of times that strong electricity had coursed through her body.

At this point, she couldn't even see or think straight.

Leonel felt Aina struggling to pull his head up. He knew that he could easily fight against it. Compared to her usual strength, the current Aina was practically a toddler now. But, he didn't.

Aina faintly felt Leonel over her again. Her lips puckered gently, searching for Leonel's touch. But, she didn't seem to have the strength to do even that. Luckily, Leonel completed it for her.

Aina faintly caught Leonel's lower lip, sucking on it slightly before letting go. A gentle smile spread across her face, her eyes half open and half closed.

At that moment Leonel's eyes opened, a cold sharpness still within them. Though it slowly faded, Aina was still able to catch a glimpse of it.

One would have thought that seeing such a thing would have completely ruined her mood but, her reaction was almost the exact opposite. Seeing Leonel's cold gaze woke up an excitement within her. As though she forgot her fatigue, there was a flame that lit within her heart, fueling a growing want for Leonel to ravage her.

The feeling slowly faded, overwhelmed by Aina's heavy limbs and tired eyes.

Leonel blinked, realizing that he had made a mistake.

"Sorry…" He said softly.

He began to explain himself, somewhat afraid that Aina wouldn't like what he had done. Though he had acted for her sake, he could also understand a reality where she wouldn't like it very much. Breaking down such an intimate moment into raw numbers and calculations was something that Leonel could see not many people liking, which was why he had closed his eyes to begin with.

If he wasn't worried about it, he would have never tried to hide it.

"… It's alright though, in the future I won't have to because…"

Just as Leonel was about to finish his explanation, he found Aina's small hand over his mouth.

Her gaze was still somewhat absentminded, but now had a bit of focus to it as she looked up at Leonel.

"… I … Like it… Don't stop... doing it…" She said softly.

"Huh?" Leonel blinked, not understanding what she meant.

Aina blushed. As her mind regained some clarity, she understood what she was saying a bit better. Weren't women supposed to like it when their partners were lovie dovie? Why was it that she felt so excited when Leonel looked at her so coldly?

She wanted to explain what she meant, but she couldn't bring herself to say the words. What was she supposed to say exactly? 'I want you to look at me like I mean nothing to you?'

Aina's blush deepened even further when she had this thought. Was there something wrong with her?

Of course, she was only thinking about the worst possible way her desire could be taken. It wasn't that she wanted Leonel to treat her like she was worthless. Rather, she just like the cold look in his eyes… She didn't really know how to explain it…

Aina had always been the only one completely unaffected by Leonel suffocating aura and the only one unperturbed by his cold gaze. Well, at least that was what it seemed like. But the truth was that it wasn't that she was unaffected, but rather that she wasn't impacted by it like everyone else was.

While others feared it and were filled with thoughts of anxiousness… Aina found it to be like a magnet that drew her closer and closer to Leonel.

What she liked the most about Leonel wasn't his charisma, not his leadership, not his handsome looks, his kindness or even his smile… Of course, she liked those things about him too. Without them, he wouldn't be Leonel. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

But, what she liked the most was his coldness, his detached logic and his emotionless control. It was his ability to act as though nothing could faze him, as though the world were a meaningless ant to be squashed beneath his feet… That was what filled her with the most infatuation.

Aina regained her bearings, the blush on her face receding. The thought of Leonel's cold eyes staring down at her as he broke past her final line of defense was most definitely a fantasy she hadn't thought would come bubbling up like this, but she also knew that this was probably the only chance she'd have at not having to explain it all in so many words.

If there ever came a day she had to, she might very well die of embarrassment. So instead, she was thankful she now had a way of making Leonel continue without having to say why.

Aina smiled lightly. "You're a smart boy, you can figure out what I mean. Just don't close your eyes next time."

Aina already felt a faint anticipation for this next time. If her loins weren't screaming no, she might want it to be right now.

Leonel continued to blink in confusion. How could he guess the whirlwind of thoughts in her mind?

His Dreamscape sputtered and fell flaccid, unable to understand in the slightest. He was just an innocent teenage boy in the youthful stages of his first relationship, how could he know that women could have fantasies sometimes even more elaborate and eyebrow raising than men?

Since Aina had said so, he could only accept her word at face value.

Aina used the last of her strength to pull Leonel down to her side, wrapping around him like a koala bear before falling into a deep and satisfied sleep.

Leonel found himself looking up at the ceiling, confusion still lighting his gaze. To his right, a beauty clung to his body tightly, her cheek resting on his arm.

Leonel suddenly realized that Aina's breasts were pressed flush against his torso. He still couldn't understand how such a petite body could form such mountains… But as though that wasn't bad enough, her leg wrapped over his own, so he could faintly feel the outline of that special place on his skin, the softness of her thighs and those lips hammering against his mind.

Leonel looked down at his boxers which still hadn't been taken off from start to finish, the prominent outline of a rod standing at attention clearly visible with nowhere to vent.

'… I think I can give Dark Cloud Prison a few tips on how to torture their prisoners…'

An illusory tear fell down Leonel's cheek.