Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 400... next at 600... might as well not be bonus chapters anymore if you guys are getting them as regularly as normal updates >:| *sobs* ]

The hidden city of Royal Blue Fort had its own government buildings. Though the escort of Leonel and Aina seemed lax, the truth was that this simply represented confidence.

From what Leonel could tell, there was something about the Metamorphosis and especially Zones that destroyed technology. He was only lucky that his bike didn't use electricity to fold and unfold itself, or it too would have stopped working.

However, outside of Zones, the Empire had managed to keep their hold on technology. With such a reality being before Leonel right now… Was it even possible to escape?

Tier 5 Admiral Millan would have likely come to find them after they were thrown into a cell, but James completely ignored this and instead brought them directly to the military holdings.

The Admiral position was especially important in a coastal Province like theirs. Due to the vastness of the World Sea, it provided many opportunities for rebels. As a result, Admirals and their navies played a key role in dealing with these uprisings.

Though rebels were no longer the primary problem they faced, the dangers that lay in the oceans were likely even fiercer, now. Who ever said that humans were the only ones who could awaken abilities during this Metamorphosis?

"Admiral Millan! I've brought the prisoners." James' tone bordered on sarcasm. Who told this old fart to try and arrest his best friend?

James knocked on a solid oak door and brazenly raised his voice.

The offices of the high level government and military officials were located in a place similar to a city hall. There were tall ceilings leading to curving glass windows, numerous thick pillars, and spacious floorings of expensive, high-class marble.

Tier 5 Admiral Millan's office was located on the upper floors as per usual. A golden inscribed nameplate was nailed to the center of the door.

His secretary had been outside and was meant to field all visitors, but who would have expected James' actions to be so overbearing? Leonel couldn't help but smile bitterly.

He had a feeling that James was going all out to help him now as a repayment for the National Championship game. It made his heart feel a bit warm.

Soon, a short man of barely 5'4" opened the door. Though he wasn't very tall, he had a strong, stocky appearance and broad shoulders. His hair was slightly greying and he had the most perfectly groomed beard Leonel had ever seen.

He might have had a small stature, but his air of command was undeniable. In addition, as an Admiral, what was the most important was his mind and strategic abilities, not his personal combat prowess.

"You brought prisoners here? The mission should have made it clear for you to escort them to the prison. What do you think you're doing?"

Admiral Millan's voice was deep and rumbling. It made Leonel feel like his very bones were vibrating beneath its waves.

'Is his ability related to his voice?... It must be…'

"You think I would let my friend and my sister-in-law rot away in a cell while you play your petty mind games with them?" James asked. "Plus, I have information on their crimes. They entered the Zone during the grace period. They had no choice or we would have been swarmed by Invalids."

Hearing these words, Admiral Millan's visage darkened further. How could he not know these things? Since they had sensed the energy waves of the Zone, they obviously knew when it appeared and when it had been entered. However, this was a rare opportunity to take advantage of a few kids that seemed to have power but no backing to speak of.

He had planned to soften them up by letting them stay in a cell for a few days and maybe weeks, then play the role of savior to get them out. Then he might be able to get them to seek shelter beneath his wings and become the vassals of his Millan family. But who knew that this would happen?

This was an S-grade Zone they were talking about! One meant for eight! Yet it was cleared by two people. The fact that these two hadn't been recalled to the capital was a miracle.

Though his standing wasn't the highest, it was still fairly high. He was aware that it was possible for talents to fall through the cracks. Reason being these talents would come from poorer families, as a result, the wrist watches they were given at birth wouldn't be high-level and thus fail to accurately judge their talent.

This was a guess Leonel had already made long ago, a guess he was even more certain of after seeing how flourishing this hidden city was. With how important accurate information was within Zones, they were essentially playing with the lives of their citizens…

But none of this mattered anymore. With James' interference, even if he didn't personally hold any power, the influence he had would be enough to expose MIllan's machinations.

Despite the whirlwind of emotions going through his mind, Admiral Millan was still a veteran who had seen death and war. His adaptability and his mind were what few could compare to.

"Alright." He said simply. "Since a member of the Bennett family can vouch for them, this will make the process simpler. The treasures gained during the grace period, under the decree of His Majesty, can be kept by the two of you. However, they need to be properly registered, along with their abilities and names.

"In addition, from now on, the rewards you gain from Zones will first and foremost be considered the property of the Empire. You will gain Ascension Points in return which you can use to buy them back. Of course, since they were earned by your efforts, should you choose to buy them back, you will receive a discount…"

Leonel sighed inwardly as he listened to all of these rules and regulations. Ultimately, what the Empire cared the most about was control. They wanted a record of every treasure that appeared on Earth, and judging by how many times Admiral Millan's gaze had swept curiously across the cube in his hand, the matter wasn't only as simple as this either.

"… As for the rest, I'll allow James to explain it. This is an era of danger, but also opportunity. It isn't impossible for you two to climb up."

Admiral Millan's words seemed laced in a deep meaning, but Leonel only smiled respectfully, thanking the Admiral before following James toward registration.

'This registration process is likely so that the Empire can catch talents that might fall through the cracks due to their own scheming… In that case, it might not be a bad thing if they can't see through the potential of my ability…'

Leonel's thoughts were simple. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

In a Zone, who could tell what happened? Weren't the wrist watch on his hand and the team who followed him in the only things that could?

The second problem was easily solved. He only had to enter with those he trusted. As for the first, it was a bit more complex.

If his registration went well, the Empire would set his sights on him. They would give him a higher level wrist watch that would be able to more accurately read Zones. In that case, it would be nearly impossible for him to hide the rewards he received.

However, if he was deemed as unworthy of such effort, he would be allowed to keep this lower level device. For context, this was the same device that assigned the Mayan Tomb an F-grade in the beginning. What if the Empire thought he was only receiving F-grade rewards when in reality he was receiving C-grade or even higher treasures?

The benefits of this could be imagined. He could bide his time and slowly build his power.

Unfortunately… Reality was cruel.

[*Beep*]

[Subject: Aina Brazinger]

[Ability: *Name Unassigned*]

[Ability Type: Healing]

[Ability Grade: Error. Undefined. Unable to estimate potential]

[*Beep*]

[Subject: Leonel Morales]

[Ability: *Name Unassigned*]

[Ability Type: Sensory]

[Ability Grade: Error. Undefined. Unable to estimate potential]

The city hall building had seemingly grinded to a halt before James' laughter rang out.

"HAHA! My best friend and sister-in-law are two of those Variant ability monsters! We'll see who dares to bully me now!"

He seemed to have completely missed how gloomy Leonel's current expression was.