Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the end, Leonel could only sigh. He couldn't have imagined that instead of making an incorrect guess, the scanners of this city hall would actually slot them into the Variant category. This could be considered to be even worse than Leonel's worst case scenario.

According to James, Variants were individuals with abilities rated above the S-grade. There weren't accurate enough devices to measure them, so they could only be lumped together. However, most importantly, all of these individuals had spotlights trained onto them.

Of those who survived the initial stage of the Metamorphosis, there were a few dozen who achieved this hidden grade of sorts. This number couldn't be considered large, but it wasn't small either.

Since the grade was so vague, there were obviously differences in strength between those who had this Variant title, but those differences were often not obvious, at least at the start. Earth was still in its infant stages, what would happen in the future was still difficult to decipher.

Leonel stepped out from the sphere Faraday cage-like device. It was constructed by numerous separate pieces of circular metals, attached to each other at two points and spread apart until they formed a ball shape large enough for ten humans to enter at once.

The moment he did, he felt like he wasn't a human who had stepped out from a steel ball, but rather a hamster who had fallen from his hamster wheel.

The feeling of being the center of attention wasn't something Leonel was unused to. If it wasn't for this catastrophic event, he would probably have tens of millions of fans watching him play football every week. But this was still a weird feeling.

The weirdest gazes came from those wearing what looked like lab coats, the symbol of Royal Blue Province's most prestigious research lab — Blue Pearl Research and Labs — embroidered onto their lapels. They looked no different from ravenous beasts looking toward a piece of fresh meat.

To scientists like them, the Metamorphosis was like a gift to a child on Christmas. Which of them didn't want to uncover the truths behind these mysterious occurrences? Humans might not have many redeeming qualities, but one thing they were was curious — and they felt an insatiable need to cure themselves of this curiosity.

The opportunity to study two Variants brought was simply unimaginable. How could they not be excited?

At that moment, the scientists who had all already swarmed Aina, split into a river of two and engulfed Leonel, who they had previously ignored, as well.

"Leonel Morales is it? To think you would be a Variant as well! Please allow me to track your brain waves for a single month. I'll give you ten Ascension Points a day in return!"

"Don't listen to this old codger. Listen, listen. I only want you to wear this micro camera so that I can monitor and record your fights. You don't have to wear it all the time, only when you head out for missions. I'll give you five Ascension Points a day in return!"

"These old fools only know how to fight amongst themselves! You're a sensory type, right?! You're perfect for my research. Unlike these idiots who seem to believe you can only be the lab ra — I mean honorable test subject for one of us at a time, I have no issue sharing you. I only hope to meet with you once a week for help on a device I'm working on…"

The chorus of white lab coat wearing maniacs made Leonel's lip twitch. Even Aina seemed bashful about all this. Her cheeks had a slight tint of red to them and she looked toward the ground to avoid their gazes. Such a scene made Leonel want to rush forward to protect her. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"You psychotic nerds! Don't you have any self-respect?!"

Unfortunately, James' words completely fell on deaf ears. The scientists didn't bother with him even one bit.

At that moment, the basement floor of the fort's city hall received some more guests. The ding of a large elevator's descent could be heard before its thick steel doors slowly open to reveal several middle-aged men and women wearing serious expressions.

Their gazes swept over the underground lab to land on both Aina and Leonel who were both being swarmed.

Amongst them, Leonel easily picked out Tier 5 Admiral Millan. This time, his relaxed, but stern, expression had a bit of dark tint to it. Clearly, he knew how great the opportunity he had missed was now that Leonel and Aina were Variants. However, he also knew that this would have been exposed eventually, and his family wasn't qualified to hoard such talents to themselves.

The one in the lead of them, however, was a woman with wide hips wearing a tight knee length skirt. Her hair was pinned up in a neat bun and her delicate features were hardly hidden behind the frames of her glasses.

Much like her skirt, her blouse clung tightly to her curves, seemingly barely holding back the towering mounds on her chest. However, that view was partially obscured by the clipboard she held to it.

No matter how you looked at it, she was just a secretary. In fact, the identification tag hanging from her waist made this guess all the more obvious.

Though she was an outstanding beauty, a beauty not losing out to Joan no matter how one looked at it, she still shouldn't have been qualified to lead this small group of Tier 5 officials.

"Two great talents have joined our Royal Blue Fort, this is great."

The secretary smiled lightly, her visage lighting up the whole room. She curiously observed Aina before turning her gaze toward Leonel, but she was surprised to find that the young man was only curiously gazing at her as well.

By her estimations, an 18 year old boy, at this moment, should be doing his very best to stop the next current of drool from falling from his lips. How could he so calmly meet her gaze? Did he maybe… not see women in that way?

Though she thought this, as a woman with her level of standing, it was impossible for one to be able to read her emotions from her expression.

"Ah, look at me, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Maia, Royal Blue Province's Secretary Marquisette. I can be considered to be the personal aid of young Junior Governor Duke, so I apologize on his behalf for not being here. However, he is currently in the process of clearing an A-grade Zone as we speak."

A sudden flash of understanding overcame Leonel. Secretary Marquisette… That was a Tier 6 official position. Even Governor Dukes were just a single level higher. It was no wonder they were all so respectful to this woman.

Leonel had never expected the Secretary Marquisette to be so young. He also realized now that the reason he thought she was a normal secretary was because from his vantage point, he could only see a part of the tag on her hip.

"I see, it's nice to meet you. I am Leonel Morales." Leonel smiled politely.

Aina gave a polite greeting of her own, but she seemed to have gone back to her quiet, stoic self. Leonel really couldn't understand how she flipped through emotions so quickly. One moment she was yelling at him, the next telling him he stunk, the next she was blushing, and the next she was a brick wall.

Women really were the bane of men.

"Since the formalities are out of the way, we should get to the important stuff. I'm sorry to tell you that until the Capital sends a proper response, the two of you won't be allowed to enter any Zones. This procedure will take at least a few months with the state the Ascension Province is in currently."