Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Woke up with a splitting migraine this morning, so that why chapters are even later than usual. Really not sure if I'll be able to write a third and a fourth today... Anyway, here's at least two to enjoy]

Leonel's gaze flashed with something that looked like rage. However, this only made Miya feel emboldened, his chest spilling over with a sense of satisfaction.

Leonel took a deep and steady breath, looking over the crowd of freshmen that had followed him to this point. But, not a single one seemed to want to meet his gaze. Without fail, they all looked away.

Senior Lu's sneer deepened when he saw such a scene.

"What are you trying to do right now, exactly? Didn't you say the strong should take the vanguard? Since you're so bold, why are you trying to pressure the group of us who are so much weaker than you?"

The heads of many of the freshmen remained lowered. But, after hearing Senior Lu's words, a small number of them regained enough courage to look up and meet Leonel's eyes. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

That was right. Since Leonel had said that the strong should sacrifice, why wasn't he sacrificing now?

Leonel's hand trembled. But, he slowly retracted his bow, putting his arrows away. Without a word, he turned toward the forest and began to walk into it.

Seeing such a scene, Miya and the three were stunned for a moment before they erupted into an uproarious laughter. They really didn't think that things would end so easily. To think that he was actually such an idiot.

"That's right, scuttle away little doggie. I almost feel a bit bad, look at how pitiful he looks." Yako laughed so hard he could barely breathe.

Miya's lip curled. But, his smile froze not long after.

Among the freshmen, Aina didn't hesitate to follow after Leonel. It would have been fine if it was just one, but outside of even Leonel's expectations, Ingkath, Irolana and Moos clenched their fists tightly, turning away with stiff steps and following Leonel as well.

Balthorn's expression warped. It looked like she too wanted to follow, but before she could, a slender hand chopped at the back of her head. She couldn't even understand what happened before she collapsed into darkness.

Henorin caught Balthorn's body. Yet, by some oddity, no one blinked an eye. It was as though it had never happened at all.

Miya soon recovered as their figures disappeared into the forest. Who cares if a few chose to follow him? A mere four out of over a hundred, such a ratio was pitiful.

Senior Lu smiled ingratiatingly after Leonel was gone. He hadn't even opened his mouth yet, but one could already hear his fawning.

"Esteemed seniors…. How will we decide who can enter the mines, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Oh, that."

It was only now that Miya remembered that he had indeed promised such a thing. What a hassle…

Now that Leonel had been thoroughly humiliated and his life was even on the line now, he didn't really care what happened to these freshmen.

But, after some thought, he realized that there was really no point in humiliating Leonel if no one could spread the tale later. So, he had to make sure that at least some of them survived in the end. In that case…

Miya scanned the crowd, his gaze lighting up when it landed on Jaelis. How could he not be drawn to the only white belt in the crowd? This was perfect.

Freshmen were nothing but deadweight, but it was a different matter entirely if there was someone who could actually be of help here.

"Let the strongest among you decide." Miya said after some thought. "No more than five can enter."

Senior Lu's expression twisted, but he still looked toward Jaelis almost immediately, a pleading look in his eye.

Almost like a ghost, Henorin appeared with Balthorn in her arms, standing beside Jaelis as though she had always been there. Even to this point, no one seemed to realize that Balthorn was knocked out. Or, maybe, they simply didn't care about the details in this sort of situation.

Jaelis swept a gaze over. "I'll just take them."

With that, Jaelis walked toward the mine, not bothering to pick out two more to fill in the five number cap.

Senior Lu's expression was ugly to behold. He sent a pleading gaze toward Miya, but the latter had clearly cleansed his hands of the matter. He wanted nothing to do with it. He truly couldn't be bothered to care.

Without a choice, the freshmen began to silently set up camp, quietly vying for position closer to the cave's mouth.

Senior Lu clenched his fists, a hint of despair marking his brow. The complicated looks he received from the other freshmen only made it all worse.

…

While two seniors guarded the entrance to maintain order, Miya and Yako led Jaelis and the two women into the mind.

One would have expected the tunnels to be dark, especially so nearing the night, and possibly lit by torches, but this was far from the truth.

The walls of the cave seemed to sparkle with their own pale light. The visibility wasn't as bright as day, but it wasn't as poor as dusk either. It was a nice, gentle in between that was easy on the eyes.

After a while of silence, Jaelis suddenly spoke.

"Tell me the truth, you don't actually intend on allowing the others in, right?"

Miya's steps paused for a moment before a sneer spread across his face.

"Of course not."

"Good." Jaelisi said casually.

Not long later, Miya led them down a few diverting paths before they made it to a medium size opening. It seemed capable of fitting about 50 or so people.

"This is our safe house. Any further and we'll have to deal with Stone Beasts."

"Miya, who the hell did you bring here?"

A voice that almost sounded more like a bark sounded out, snapping at their ears.

Miya smiled bitterly before quickly explaining the situation.

"The Oryx?"

The expression of the King of Ores members working the mine changed. If this was true, they were in no small amount of trouble.

It was at that moment the ground quaked.

The setting sun had finally disappeared over the horizon.