Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Valiant Heart Mountain was on high alert. The sudden attack of the Oryx turned out to not just be restricted to their secret deployment into the deep regions of the organization. Not only had they done this, but the Oryx Tribe simultaneously launched an all out offensive on the frontlines, reaping even the lives of some blue belt seniors.

The territory between Valiant Heart and the Oryx Tribe had always been a contentious region, making it one of the most dangerous places to accept a mission, though it likewise had the best rewards. However, it hadn't been this bad in a very long time.

According to the experts of Valiant Heart, it seemed that the Oryx had sensed their weak and vulnerable position and began to counter. At least that was what they believed.

However, Leonel was of a differing opinion. He believed that even if Valiant Heart was in its peak state, this would still happen. The Oryx had been gathering up momentum for a long time and their period of Hyper Evolution was finally reaching a tipping point.

It could only be said that Valiant Heart had terrible luck.

…

Not long after separating with the freshmen, Leonel and Aina headed toward Valiant Hall to hand in their missions. With his planning, Leonel wouldn't allow such a 'small' speed bump to disrupt his goals.

Over the course of the next year or so, he had to be perfect, not giving outsiders any angle of attack. With this meant that even if he was being hunted down by Oryx, he still had to complete all the missions he had accepted.

Surprisingly, at least in this case, it was easier than it seemed to be. With the frenzied nature of the beasts, clearing them out became easier only because they were also easier to find in such a state. Thanks to this, the couple managed to hit their quotas with ease.

There was no surprise that the students working as receptionists for the revamped Valiant Hall were in shock. But, without a choice, they could only hand over the merits Leonel had earned.

…

"All that work for just 2000 merits." Leonel sighed. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Though it had taken him a month of work to earn just over 10000 merits before, whereas this was just a matter of three days, one had to consider that Leonel had yet to sell all of the Crafts he made during that month. Had he, he would have been drowning in merits by now. But, he had Raylion to thank for the reason he wasn't.

Aina smiled and shook her head. Leonel was acting even now and she found it very amusing. She hadn't known that he could get so engrossed in a role like this.

Even after crippling King of Ores faction like he just had, and even having them arrested to be tried and punished, he still had the cheek to complain. He was definitely becoming more and more of an evil villain.

"Look at you," Leonel pouted, "Laughing at my pain. Where's the moral support?"

"You can find it the same place you picked up this shamelessness."

"Yip! Yip!" Little Blackstar called out in agreement.

Leonel burst into a fit of laughter. He really was in a good mood. He wondered what kind of face Sarrieth would have when he realized what happened. It took everything in him not to walk around with a grin as wide as the gap between his ears.

"Since that's out of the way, what say you we become white belts? I'm a bit tired of this color, don't you think? It's lacking in fashion."

Aina rolled her eyes. She would never understand Leonel's fascination with cool clothing. If it was up to her, she'd wear the same military uniform everyday. She didn't like Valiant Heart's uniform very much at all, it left her feeling too exposed.

"Okay."

Still, she agreed. If not for Leonel, she would have promoted long ago. But, after seeing the haul he got from his patience, she couldn't be too mad at it.

The couple made their way deeper into Valiant Hall.

In the past, white belt exams would take place in one's individual Peaks. However, with the advent of the new system, it all took place with Valiant Hall as a central hub. Now, the Peaks were basically just training centers one had to exchange merits to use.

Unsurprisingly, Hero Peak had the most expensive training facilities. But, Leonel didn't expect anything different from them.

"Hello, we'd like to take the white belt exam."

The exams took place on the second floor of Valiant Hall so it hadn't taken the couple long to reach this place. There were a sparse few black belts hanging around, seemingly waiting for their exams as well.

A man with a dead look in his eyes looked upward.

"Alright." He replied blandly. "The exam will begin in 10 minutes."

Leonel and Aina accepted their plaques and registered themselves. The man with the dead look gave them a weird expression when he noticed that they had been here for less than two months. Were they only here to get humiliated?

"Please note that it is only possible to take the white belt exam once every six months. If you fail now, you have no choice but to wait."

Leonel and Aina nodded, not taking this advice very seriously. Toward this, the man could only shake his head and go back to staring into space. He had already said more than he usually did in a whole week.

"Aina?"

The voice interrupted the couple before they could even find a place to sit.

Leonel looked up to find a group of four walking before them, three of which were men and the last of which was a woman. The woman especially caught Leonel's attention not because she was beautiful, but rather because she had an odd nose shaped contraption over her own.

It didn't take long for Leonel to notice that their belts still held the Hero Peak emblem. By then, it was easy for him to deduce how they might have known Aina.

But, he really couldn't understand why they were looking at him like he was some sort of zoo animal. He was only holding his girlfriend's hand, did he do anything worth such a reaction?