Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was dazed for a moment before he blinked, a hint of confusion coloring his handsome face.

He had expected that once they came back, Aina would start avoiding him again. Now that they weren't in a Zone and couldn't enter one for a long while, she wouldn't have to feel bad about leaving him behind. But, he could have never imagined that she would actually come to seek him out first.

Aina was really too confusing to him. Did she want to avoid him, or not? Maybe she was moved by the words he spoke in Paris? Or, it was also possible that she decided that since he wouldn't give up on her, she might as well use him?

Leonel might have been infatuated to the point of causing others to raise an eyebrow when it came to Aina, but he wasn't a fool. The matter of her lying about the entry quota had definitely stirred something within him.

A part of Leonel wanted to believe that she wanted an excuse to spend more time with him, but he wasn't so vain. It was more likely related to her family…

Aina clearly had an even stronger motivation to grow powerful in comparison to Leonel. The most likely explanation was that she wanted as many rewards to herself as possible. Logically, then, entering with as few people as possible was the most beneficial to her.

Though Leonel knew this was most likely the answer, he didn't hate her for it. He too made selfish decisions without asking for her opinion first within the Zone. In addition, she wasn't trying to harm him. They did indeed have the capability to clear it alone. The only variables were related to the Zone teetering on becoming a Unique Zone, but Aina hadn't known this until they entered.

"… Young miss!"

Leonel, who had been dazed to the point of staring at Aina for several long moments, was startled awake by a familiar voice.

Yuri, while holding up her skirt, ran forward like a delicate lady.

Leonel glanced in her direction, then looked toward Aina, then back toward Yuri once more.

Aina: "…"

"Did you run away from her?" Leonel's lip curled into a smile he tried to conceal as he spoke, teasing Aina.

"I picked a mission near where your Paradise Island might have fallen, you want to check it out, right?" Aina bit her lip.

Leonel's smile froze, but it wasn't out of anger or sadness. He knew that his father was fine now, so he hadn't been as stressed about the matter. But, Aina didn't know this. The fact she was so thoughtful warmed his heart.

After a moment, Leonel grinned and looked toward Yuri who was still running toward them with all the might she could muster.

His hand swept forward and grabbed Aina's. It seemed it was Aina's turn to be dazed now.

"Let's run, then."

Leonel grinned, slamming the mansion doors shut behind and sprinting through the streets with his arm, linked with Aina's, trailing behind.

Seeing such a scene, Yuri could only stop, her delicate features covered with a thin layer of sweat. She panted for a moment then stomped her feet, clearly unresigned.

Aina's actions left her more than exasperated. In fact, she had an overwhelming feeling of anxiety swelling in her chest.

"… Miss! It's too dangerous outside!"

Yuri's words sounded like the wild ravings of an overly controlling maid. But, only she and Aina knew that her worries weren't without cause, because this danger had nothing to do with Invalids.

**

Even hours later, Leonel's wild grin hadn't faded. But, this smile had nothing to do with being with Aina any longer. Rather, it had everything to do with the vehicle they were in.

Leonel excitedly pressed on the gas pedal, winding through the wreckage of buildings with glee.

He had never had the opportunity to learn to drive. Cars were too rare due to the densely populated cities. Everything had been boiled down to incredibly expensive public transportation. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

So, when Leonel found out that he could take out one of these armored jeeps thanks to his level of privileges, he practically jumped for joy.

"… Can't you drive a little slower?" Aina asked for probably the dozenth time.

"We're almost there." Leonel replied with a smile.

Aina wished she had several more seat belts. Leonel's 'almost there' response had been the only reply she received in return in the last three hours. The words had completely lost all of their meaning.

At this point she could only swear to herself that even if Leonel pouted like a child, she would be the one to drive them back. She had lost count of the number of times the jeep almost flipped over.

Luckily for her, this time around, Leonel really wasn't lying. They reached their destination in less than five minutes to find the sight of a wreckage that wiped the smile from Leonel's face.

It could be said that the once glorious city was a mess. But until now, Leonel had still not laid eyes on the wreckage of a Paradise Island. It could only be described as devastating.

Like the crater of a fallen meteor, the surrounding several hundred meters had sunken deep into the ground. Let alone the remains of buildings, it was more accurate to say that the shattered remains of structures impossible to deduce the original form of were littered about in a wild and unconstrained way.

The subtle smell of rot pervaded the air. It wasn't obvious at first, and one could easily become used to it after a few moments, but it was exactly this that left Leonel feeling so stifled. All he could think about was the fact those who died here probably didn't even have corpses intact enough to produce a smell more forceful and obvious. Even in death, they hardly left their stamp on the world.

Leonel clutched the wheel of the jeep so tightly that the creeks of its breaking plastic and his whitening hands could be heard through the silence.

Unforgivable. This was truly unforgivable.