Leonel's lip curled into a smile. 'Dream Model.'

Leonel's gaze radiated a blinding light. He had been mapping out simulations of this room for the past three rounds, how could he not have accumulated data on the other participants?

The truth was that he had no need to use Dream Model on these enemies. Not only were they much weaker than him, they had no single attribute that surpassed him. Whether it was in speed, strength, dexterity, agility, he blew them out of the water.

However, in that moment, Leonel halved his physical attributes. Then, still thinking it wasn't enough, he halved them again. He just barely maintained enough speed to stay ahead of his dagger.

Anrid was the first to make it to Leonel, his leg raising high into he air and slamming down for a vicious ax kick.

Leonel's eyes suddenly dimmed down, becoming cold and calculating. The four felt as though a beast had locked onto them all.

Anrid's kick missed Leonel's shoulder by a hair, causing his eyes to widen. He had missed? How? He didn't even see Leonel dodge and he had already accounted for his trajectory.

At that moment, Leonel slipped by Anrid, only to find Gretta having morphed into a bird with an almost two meter wing span. The odd nose contraption she always wore suddenly became a sharp blade at the end of her beak.

With a single flap, her speed increased explosively.

'Mm… Dream Model.'

Leonel shifted and rebuilt his model for Gretta. His subtle action caused Fox's sword to just barely miss him.

He slipped through the pincer of three, only to find the silent Ermond waiting with a fist he put his all into. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

'His strength is beyond these three, but he still chose to attack me. Seems he's really afraid of my lovely girlfriend.'

Unfortunately for Ermond, Leonel slipped by his strike just as quickly and with just as much ease.

Leonel was like the wind, weaving in an out of their attacks as though he was taking a stroll. Often times, the youths couldn't even see how he dodged, not knowing that he had planned out his steps several moments ago, to slip by their predicted attacks.

To them, it didn't look like he dodged, but that was only because he already knew where they would attack and chose not to be there.

Leonel's dagger followed him around like a ghost, but couldn't even touch his shadow.

At that moment, the walls flashed again.

'Another 1%. Perfect.'

Leonel lithely dodged another round of attacks.

'When I begin to build up my Metal Body after this, I'll need to make sure I don't lose my flexibility. I feel a bit stiff.' Leonel absentmindedly noted something he should have noticed long ago, seeming not realizing that he had been backed into a corner.

With a shocking call, Gretta swept down from above, looking to pierce him through the head.

The three remaining youths shot toward him. A fist, a leg and a sword, all sweeping toward him with perfect precision, not to mention. There really was no place left to dodge.

Leonel's cold eyes regained their light, a smile spreading across his face.

'It's been fun, I guess.'

Leonel took a step forward, his body sliding to the side.

In a perfectly timed movement, he slipped between Anrid's leg and Ermond's fist.

PUCHI!

"Round three has concluded. End of exam."

…

"You couldn't lend me a helping hand?" Leonel had a hurt expression on his face.

With the handicaps he placed on himself, it took him three minutes of dodging to defeat those four without attacking. Yet, his Aina hadn't even tried to help, how cruel.

"You know I'm still in the Third Dimension. Just one hit from those daggers would have sucked me dry, then what would you have done?"

Aina shook her head an ignored Leonel's nonsense. If anything, she should have helped those four. They probably didn't know how they lost even near the end. By all rights, Leonel should have been down and out. Even Aina almost made a move in that final moment.

The couple made their way to the receptionist of the second floor again to find the same man with a dead look. However, at that moment, the men seemed to be completely focused on the screen before him, looking intently toward something.

From their angle, Leonel could just barely see the last moments of his battle, how he slipped through and caused each of the four to be attacked by another's dagger. Even Ermond who managed to dodge was somehow assaulted by Leonel's dagger near the end just as the latter slipped by his fist.

Just like that, all four were eliminated at the same time, causing this round to only have two passers.

Leonel cleared his throat slightly.

The man slowly looked up and gazed deeply at Leonel before throwing a white belt over to the both of them. He didn't seem intent on saying anything else after this, just going back to what he was watching on the screen as though Leonel and Aina couldn't see him.

The couple looked toward one another and could only leave in the end.

Leonel suddenly grinned as they left Valiant Hall.

"Want to go piss off a few seniors?"

Aina rolled her eyes. "I still have to train you know. All I've been doing is following you around, I haven't even gotten a challenge in the past few days."

"That's not true, what about the Titan Hyena?" Leonel rebutted.

"Not enough." Aina replied straight forwardly.

"Fine, fine. You go off and leave me all alone again for another few months."

Aina's eyes flashed with a hint of guilt. "I'll come see you at least once a week."

"Good." Leonel nodded.

"Don't cause too much trouble." Aina said sternly. "And you can always come to Hero Peak, you know."

"How can you ask me not to cause trouble, then say that?"

Aina giggled. "Well, Valiant Hall's training facilities aren't any worse than Hero Peaks. Use them."

"Mm." Leonel nodded, seeing Aina off.

After watching her disappear into the distance, Leonel turned his gaze toward the distant freshmen quarters. It seemed he would have to piss off some seniors on his own.

For the next step of his plan, he would need a store.. Then, he'd really be able to take advantage of his haul, courtesy of the King of Ores.