Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's eyes never left the blue belt. Up to now, he had only fought the most elite of white belts, but he was truly curious to see how big the gap between a white belt and a blue belt was.

As far as he knew, the process for becoming a blue belt was far more complex. In fact, part of the reason he even got involved with Sarrieth in the first place was because the latter was trying to complete his requirements to be promoted.

'I guess I'll find out today…'

Leonel hopped back, feeling the wind pressure of their kicks send his hair flying.

A golden light enveloped his legs, explosively increasing his speed. In the blink of an eye, he managed to close the distance he had created again, slamming a fist into the chest of Bane.

Fril reacted quickly, trying to use the opening of Leonel's attack to counter. But, he found his leg slipping through air again.

His planted foot suddenly felt a sharp pain at the joint of his knees. He could only intake a sharp breath, his vision spinning under the unholy amount of agony.

His knee bent backward under the pressure of Leonel's sole. The worst part was that Leonel didn't even seem to be applying much pressure. He simply stood there, his head just under the range of Fril's attack and his foot resting on the latter's knee cap.

In the blink of an eye, two white belts fell to the ground, leaving Leonel practically unscathed. Even after a few moments, it was difficult for the youths around Leonel to put into words what they had just seen. It almost felt like they were watching two men trying their best to harm themselves. They practically walked into their injuries.

"A sensory type?" The blue belt's spoke evenly.

Leonel was quite surprised when he heard this. This was the first time someone had ever guessed his ability. Most thought it was one of his Lineage Factors.

However, the combat experience of a blue belt couldn't compare to those Leonel had battled in the past. They had seen too much. Rather than being flustered by Leonel's display, this blue belt only came to the only logical conclusion. It was simple deduction.

But, this only made Leonel more curious.

With a grin, Leonel flipped his palm, causing a massive spear to appear.

BANG!

The spearhead crashed into the ground, its weight so great that a wild array of cobweb-like cracks spread in every direction.

"Back away." The blue belt said coolly.

"But, captain…!"

"He's mine."

The blue belt stepped forward, his heavy step causing the ground to quake almost as much as Leonel's heavy spear.

He stretched out his two massive hammers to his sides, holding them out as though to display the strength of his arms.

The chain that hung between the hammers jingled and sparkled, glistening with cracked and dried blood.

Leonel rose his heavy spear from the ground, pointing it forward in a feat of strength that was no less impressive. The massive three-dimensional head of the spear was double the size of his head, probably carrying at least 60% of the spear's entire weight. Yet, the polearm didn't so much as bend the slightest bit while being held this way.

"My name is Arte."

"My name is Leonel."

BANG!

The two shot forward, appearing before one another in a blink.

Leonel's body embodied the spirit of his spear. His figure became larger than life, his every movement imposing and grandiose. For just a moment, he seemed to even dwarf Arte in size despite them being about the same height.

Arte didn't seem fazed. His hammers swung down simultaneously, his back flexing madly beneath the carpet of hair they hid under.

Leonel swung his spear out to the side, slashing in a wide arc upward and toward Arte's head.

Arte smashed his hammers downward as one, looking to shatter Leonel's spear into countless little pieces.

BANG! BANG!

A shockwave of wind shot in every direction. As though walking through hurricane force winds, several spectators covered their eyes with their forearms, leaning forward to not be blown back.

The freshmen within the bar to Leonel's back especially found themselves in a precarious situation. The front wall of the shop bent and wheezed, seemingly about to cave in at any moment.

Leonel's arm creaked. He felt a pressure the likes of which he had never experienced before even despite using the Four Seasons Realm to support his spear.

Arte felt his shoulders about to collapse, the resonating ring of metal colliding against metal shaking his body to its core. But, maybe the most shocking thing was that there wasn't a single scratch on Leonel's spear. In fact, Arte faintly felt his own hammers giving way, cracking as though they might collapse into a pile of ash at any moment.

Arte was in shock. His two hammers were both Tier 6 treasures. It took him decades of saving every penny to finally be able to commission them to his specifications. But now they couldn't even last a single blow…?

Arte's expression changed. He realized that going head on with Leonel would only result in him losing his precious babies. He couldn't let this continue.

Arte shot backward. Deep inside he felt embarrassed. He knew the moment Leonel took out such a heavy spear that he had met a fellow man who wanted to fight a battle of strength. But, he couldn't afford to do this now.

With deft movements, Arte's style completely changed. Leonel almost took a step forward to pursue, but his instincts suddenly flashed with danger warnings.

Arte's chains sprung to life. Leonel could see a subtle fluctuation of Force coursing through them with a level of control he rarely if ever saw. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Before Leonel could react, Arte whipped his hammers across his body.

At that moment, Leonel found a chain loop closing in around his neck.. At that level of force, he just might lose his head even with his Metal Body.