Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It should have been impossible for a two story shop to be so imposing. Yet, that was exactly what it felt like.

Its outer surface was formed of what looked like shards of glass. A deep, black light shimmered throughout it all, giving it an almost sinister outlook that had a sort of demonic beauty to it.

Up above, its emblem slowly turned, radiating out with black silver lights. The graveyard of spears contrasted by the flying, bow wielding, little mink should have been jarring. But, somehow, it felt just right.

The shop had no windows. It didn't even seem to have a single door either. It made one wonder if this was just here for looks or if others would actually be able to use it.

At that moment, lights coalesced near the second floor, soon forming a line of curved words.

BLACKSTAR.

Unable to withhold their curiosity, many approached the building. It was no surprise that quite a few had been observing this location ever since the battle that occurred two days ago ended. Some came with neutral intentions, some just wanted to watch the world burn, while others came to see if there was anything they could take advantage of.

However, right when the first person approached, a somewhat disjointed voice began to speak.

<Please choose which floor you would like to enter>

<First Floor: Shop>

<Second Floor: Repairs and Sales>

The youths that had come forward out of curiosity blinked in shock. They had never seen such a thing before. Out of curiosity, some chose the first floor option, only to find that a strong spatial force suddenly latched onto them.

Panicking, many who felt such a thing immediately resisted, causing the teleportation to fail. Their hearts almost beat out of their chest, perspiration falling from their brows.

Spatial abilities were very rare. Even those who had such abilities in Valiant Heart usually had them in small doses, making their strengths somewhat neutered. But, that didn't change the fact that being forcibly teleported was maybe one of the most hair-raising experiences one could ever suffer through.

After calming down, though, they seemed to have finally come to an understanding.

First of all, the spatial tug on them had been very small. In fact, now that they thought about it, it didn't take much effort at all to snap. That likely meant that whatever forced teleportation there was, it wasn't out of malicious intent. And, now that they had thought this far, they realized that this force only appeared after they chose which floor to enter.

"So it's like that…"

Many began to mutter to themselves.

They prompted the message again and this time, they didn't resist. Their sight blurred for just a moment before they suddenly found themselves in what felt like an all new world.

The walls shimmered like black diamond, filling the room with soft, dim light. The first floor was separated into a few corners. One seemed to sell armor, a few sold weapons of various kinds, separating them into types, and the last seemed to be consumable items.

The floors beneath their feet, the walls and the ceiling all made it feel like they were hovering in the depths of space. It was an ethereal feeling that filled them all with wonder.

"Those… Those are Tier 5 weapons!"

"Wait, look at that, those are Tier 6!"

"Those at the center there, aren't those Tier 7?!"

The youths felt like fainting. Many of them were just white belts, they wouldn't even normally be in the freshmen quarters if not for all the commotion Leonel had caused. But, seeing such weapons, weapons they would usually have to scratch and claw to even catch the sight of being displayed so grandly…

Many eyes lit up with fervor and greed. They rushed toward the counters, scanning through the prices.

"Why do these damn freshmen get a discount on weapons at and below the Tier 4 level?! Where are our discounts?!"

<Warning. Proximity alarms triggered. Display appropriate merit points required for exchange>

The sudden warning blared through the first floor, making many snap out of their greed induced states. But, when they looked around, they found that there were really no workers in sight. Not to mention the fact there wasn't a single blue belt to manage such a place, there wasn't even a white belt. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Realizing this, the greed in the eyes of many lit up once again.

<Warning. Second infraction detected, no merit points exchanged. If there is a third, you will be expelled and banned from BLACKSTAR>

Some hesitated when they heard this, but when they remembered just how weak the forced teleportation had been on the outside, their sneers returned even deeper than before. They couldn't even fathom how this shop owner could be so stupid.

Jumping forward many grabbed at the lofty Tier 7 treasures on display.

"Get out of my way!"

"Are you trying to die?!"

"Come on then, bastard! See if I don't break your legs!"

At that moment, before they could even truly become rowdy, they all froze.

Feeling a strong spatial Force envelop them, they all snorted. They all erupted with their own Force in unison, expecting to break out of the hold just as easily as before.

But, in the blink of an eye, they felt as though their Force had fallen into an endlessly vast ocean. Before they could even realize what had happened, they had all been booted. When their vision cleared, they were right back on the outside.

<Access Denied>

<Ban Reason: Attempted Theft>

<Ban Length: Indefinite>

Many instantly tried to re-enter, only to be stone walled with this volley of messages.

Their eyes widened.

"No! Let us in!"

"Dammit! Let us in!"

Their insides twisted with regret. They couldn't wrap their heads around what had just happened. Their had just been so much wealth at the tip of their fingers.

Those watching on who had yet to enter were shocked by their fervor. Just what was inside?

"You think a damn wall can stop me?!"

A particularly fiery tempered man stomped on the ground. He had seen a Tier 7 Battle Ax in there he had to have. He practically salivated when he laid eyes on it. He had to have it. He had to have it.

He stepped forward, flipping his palm over to reveal his own battle ax and swinging forward with all the strength he could muster.

His arms flexed, his back practically splintering as he swung.

BANG!

The man paused for a moment before he was sent flying back like a meteor. A cry of horror left the man's lips before he collapsed in a pile of his own flesh and blood.

Women who laid eyes on him shrieked in horror. The man's arms had become nothing but a mesh of blood and gore.

It was then everyone realized a shocking fact.. The entire shop exterior was formed of Twice Refined Diamond.