Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Kaela's expression changed, a strong worry taking over her heart. Yet, at that moment, Jac's aura was so stifling that she couldn't speak even if she wanted to.

For Arte who had been caught up in the mess since the very beginning, he could only smile bitterly. Was this really how things were going to end? Leonel would have had a better chance if he didn't allow Jac in at all. At least in that case, he might be able to argue that his shop was razed to the ground and get himself some compensation.

However, even with all this worrying around him, Leonel didn't seem to react much to Jac's demand nor his fiery gaze.

"This seems to be a running theme with those of you who hold power in this place." Leonel replied. "You all believe that you can just do anything you want."

Jac took a step forward. If it wasn't for his own Workbench blocking his way, his hand would already be on Leonel's throat. But, this sort of small obstacle wouldn't hold him back for very long, if at all.

The only reason Jac was still showing a modicum of restraint was because he was well aware of how dangerous True Spirits were, especially Metal Spirits. Though he could protect himself with his Force, he also knew that this wouldn't last long.

What would ultimately happen is that the Metal Spirit would eat through him and enter its overeating phase. If that sort of frenzy happened here, it would be a wonder if anyone could stop it. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He needed Leonel to hand it over willingly and without a choice, making the little spirit believe that this was just another part of its tasks. After that, brainwashing and making the Metal Spirit forget Leonel was just a matter of time. With how gluttonous such spirits were, it would only require a large amount of food.

As for the idea that Leonel wouldn't hand it over? Jac didn't even think of such a thing. Did a Third Dimensional ant have the right to resist him?

Unfortunately, Jac had no idea that on the outside of the shop, the faces of his two wives were growing uglier and uglier by the second. At this point, the two didn't even dare to look around for fear of meeting a gaze they didn't dare to match.

The silence of the audience was just the same, but the atmosphere was completely different. Maybe in the past many wouldn't react like this seeing someone powerful assert their dominance. But, for some reason, many in the crowd felt a discomfort down to their very bones at that moment, as though something fundamental about their ideologies was shifting.

"Give me the Metal Spirit, boy." Jac practically growled.

Leonel indifferently remained in his seated position.

"Do you think the reason I defeated you is because of my Metal Spirit? Don't you think your actions right now are a bit sad? Even an Elder can't take their loss in stride?"

Leonel's words seemed to hit Jac's sore spot. However, this time, Beinala didn't answer, he took another step forward, even sliding his own Workbench out of the way.

Leonel sighed and shook his head.

Jac's footsteps suddenly froze. An image of what was being projected to the outside alongside an image of the crowd appeared above him, causing his face to twist and distort. He suddenly realized now why Leonel felt so calm.

How could he actually not notice that he was being recorded? How long had this been going on for? How much had they seen?

When Jac locked onto the faces of his wives, he realized that the situation wasn't good. However, wasn't it already too late? Since these people had already seen his true face, who cared anymore?! What was a position in Valiant Heart worth in comparison to a Metal Spirit? Just a single Metal Spirit could probably buy out this entire world!

"Give it to me!" Jac growled, his patience had run this.

A swirl of endless emotions threatened to erupt outward as he took another step toward Leonel. But, it was exactly this step that made him freeze once again. He didn't even manage to take a second at all.

He felt his aura disperse as a strong spatial Force locked onto him. He realized in that moment that no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't move a single inch.

Leonel continued to sit with an indifferent look on his face as though he always knew Jac wouldn't be able to take those final steps.

"You should be embarrassed to call yourself an Elder." Leonel continued coldly. "Since you don't seem to be convinced, I'll make you convinced. Little Tolly."

*Blop* *Bloop*

Leonel snatched a refined piece of Polished Glass. His fingers began to move, gradually picking up steam as though they were doing nothing but warming up.

In what felt like not even ten minutes, the arc of a bow appeared before all their eyes. It curved along an elegant path and stood at two meters tall. In addition, it had the very same double helix pattern Leonel had used for his staff sparkling and reflecting the gentle blacks of the second floor.

"You must have felt that it was possible to make the bow's body, but its string is what you couldn't figure out how to do, correct?"

Leonel seemed to be asking a question. But, judging by the fact his hands never stopped, it seemed he didn't care to receive an answer at all.

Jac clenched his jaw, his eyes reddening. But, even to this point, he couldn't move a single inch.

"Here's the difference between you and I."

Leonel took what remained of the refined ore and separated them out in small fingernail sized balls in the blink of an eye. Snatching one, he had one of Little Tolly's many parts envelope it completely.

Pinching his fingers, Leonel began to oscillate them back and forth, slowly pulling his hands apart as the ball quickly became a long string so thin it could hardly be seen.

Leonel repeated this exact process over a hundred times. His precision was so perfect that each and every thin string of Polished was exactly five atoms wide. But, they were simultaneously as brittle as glass. Just a single touch could make any one of them snap.

Just what was he thinking?