Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel closed his eyes as he pressed the accept prompt. He felt as though he was losing a portion of his innocence forever. No matter what, he couldn't let Aina know about this, or he wouldn't ever be able to live it down.

Everything only got worse after the technique was projected to Leonel.

As one might expect, [108 Rising Suns] had exactly 108 positions, all curated to ensure that a sun did indeed rise. The issue with all of this was that Leonel would have to be the one to complete all of them.

'Fuck it… It's not like there's anyone here to see this anyway.'

So, Leonel began. With the help of the training room, not only was the technique projected to him, but there was even a live model to follow. At the very least, watching the model going into such poses was far better than watching Leonel himself do it.

The poses began innocent enough. The first few were nothing but normal stretches. What was special about them would be the fashion by which Force was circulated and used to supplement these positions.

Due to this special use of Force, Leonel found himself sweating just by trying to touch his toes or twist his back.

Things only got progressively worse from there. By the end of it, Leonel was folded into a pretzel, his ass sticking up high into the air and his face flushed completely red, soaked through completely with sweat.

The good news was that by the time he got to pose 108, he was far too tired to even consider how embarrassing his poses were. The bad news, however, was more of the same. He might have to kill anyone who saw him like this.

Leonel collapsed into a star fish position, his lungs gasping for breath. How could he have ever thought that an exercise created for the sake of sex would be so grueling. Was sex this demanding?

Leonel shivered.

At that moment, Leonel realized something quite uncomfortable. He looked below only to see that a certain rod was standing completely at attention.

'…'

'Dammit.'

It seemed that the use of Force wasn't so innocent after all. This damned exercise was meant to stimulate him like this?

Leonel looked up at the ceiling, his dick throbbing and no Aina in sight. It was then that he realized according to the dictionary, he had to do this twice a day for at least a month to get the lasting results he wanted.

In fact, he would have to maintain this regimen for as long as he was in the Fourth Dimension as he would likely have to find another for the Fifth.

'Is this what they meant by absolute power corrupts absolutely? I haven't even gotten to absolute power yet, though…'

…

Several dozen minutes later, Leonel's loins finally managed to calm their fire. Of course, a harsh and cold shower helped volumes with this. Luckily, this training room also had this available.

After Leonel was finished, he ordered a meal and practically inhaled it all before getting back to his training.

'Now that this flexibility nonsense is out of the way for now, we can focus on what really matters.'

Leonel was quite excited for this. He felt that his body was lighter and more powerful and explosive than it had ever been. And, that was just after one round of [108 Rising Suns]. Now, he was ready to put it into use.

There were a few things Leonel wanted to do.

For one, his spearmanship was far too basic. As of now, all of Leonel's attacks were of the simplest variety that might be taught to a child who had just entered a dojo. The only 'spear' technique he had was [Call of the Wind], but that was technically a modified archery technique. Ironically, he never used it with his bow.

By now, [Call of the Wind] was too weak for Leonel to use in battle so he never did. It was more worth it to use simple and straight forward attacks. But now, he finally had the time and the funds to use real techniques.

The truth was that [Call of the Wind] wasn't weak. It had be a C-grade reward, which made it about a Tier 3 or 4 technique. Leonel could use it effectively even now.

The main issue was that after modifying it into a spear technique, it became even weaker than that. And, Leonel had a poor Wind Elemental affinity without Little Blackstar by his side, so he found it to be more of a hindrance than anything to his marksmanship.

What Leonel wanted to do now was clear, then. He wanted to look for a few spear techniques that would suit him and give him more powerful explosive strength.

After he did this, he definitely needed to find a few bow techniques that suited him as well. As of now, he was only using the things he learned from Merlin's Trial. And, though they were good and quite many in number, they ultimately lacked the one hit strength Leonel was looking for. If not for this, he wouldn't have been forced to run from the Oryx.

Beyond this, Leonel would throw his focus into creating new Mage Arts around his Metal Body and Mage Core synergy. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

As for things like movement techniques, Leonel already had one he was very fond of and suited him perfectly. Even up to now, he still hadn't unearthed all of its potential.

The final things Leonel thought he might as well look into would be Styles and, maybe most importantly of all… Leonel wanted to see if Valiant Heart had anymore resources that might help him understand how to utilize his Dream Force just that much better.

As much as he seemed to despise Valiant Heart, if not for them, he would still be using normal Soul Force as opposed to the much more powerful Dream Force. Leonel felt it was about time he see through to the true potential of his Dream Force.

With that thought, Leonel opened up a panel of spear techniques.