Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel soon realized that these techniques got very expensive, very quickly.

The yoga technique he had just bought only cost a few hundred merit points. But, these Tier 7 and higher spear techniques Leonel was looking through all cost several thousand at the cheapest, there also weren't a small number that could only be counted in the tens of thousands.

However, if others could afford it, for Leonel, it was nothing more than a drop in the bucket. In fact, the only reason he was thinking of the expense now was because of Aina. She had never spoken about how expensive these places were to use, and Leonel was pretty certain that he had a good grasp on her merit point situation.

'I guess I'll just have to give her a bunch next time I see her.'

Leonel shook his head and began to focus.

He not only needed a technique or maybe techniques that could fit in well with his affinities, but he also needed them to not clash while being used with a potentially two headed spear.

Leonel's most powerful weapon was his Quasi Silver double headed spear. It would be a shame if he was in a tough enough battle to be forced to bring it out, only to find out that he couldn't use it to its greatest potential.

Immediately, Leonel eliminated all spear techniques that didn't align with his affinities.

From what Leonel could see after this, there were many spear techniques usable by those with Fire Elemental affinities. Almost too many.

In contrast, there were only a handful that could be used with his Light Elemental affinities and only three he found had Star Elemental affinities as their root.

This made sense. After all, the rarer the affinity, the less likely one would be to find techniques for it, especially when you were looking for the use of a specific weapon. Not only this, but they also became many times more expensive.

However, what was odd was that Leonel didn't find even one Earth Elemental technique. To put that into perspective, he did manage to find one Space Elemental spear technique.

'Is it difficult to make an Earth Elemental technique with the spear in mind?'

Out of curiosity, Leonel checked through all the Earth Elemental techniques Valiant Heart had, only to find that it wasn't just rare for the spear, but for weapons in general. It seemed that it was difficult to translate the Earth Elemental into combat techniques if a weapon was involved.

'… I see…'

Leonel made a mental note of this and moved on. The Earth Element wasn't known for its attack prowess to begin with so Leonel had never expected to choose a technique with it in mind.

The moment he had laid eyes on the Space Elemental spear technique, he knew he had to have it. Even though it cost 90 000 merit points, an amount that wasn't small even to him, it didn't matter. Leonel knew that it was the perfect technique for his double sided spear. If used in conjunction with his Divine Armor, he could truly be undefeatable, especially on a battlefield.

Without hesitation, Leonel snatched it, adding [Vanishing Blade] to his arsenal.

Then, he turned his attention to the Light, Fire and Star Elemental techniques.

From the light, he chose a technique worth 30 000 merit points called [Harmonic Spear]. From the fire, he chose two techniques worth 17 000 merit points combined called [Infernal Cyclone] and [Meteoric Impact].

As for Star Elemental techniques, Leonel decided that of those available, none suited his style very well. He believe that [Meteoric Impact], [Infernal Cyclone], [Harmonic Spear] and [Vanishing Blade] would all synergize very well and flow immaculately in battle.

However, the Star Elemental techniques were all focused on heft and weight.

In Leonel's opinion, the Star Element was about more than just its weight. However, these techniques were rather crude despite how expensive they were. If Leonel ever wanted a Star Elemental spear technique, he would either have to make one of his own, or join an organization with better spear techniques than Valiant Heart.

Leonel took a deep breath. With a thought, a gorgeous silver spear appeared in his palms.

The moment it did, it was as though it wanted to fight against Leonel, causing him to grin.

'You're quite arrogant for a spear. But, you fighting against me like this is exactly the training I need right now. Keep going.'

The double headed spear was three meters long, dwarfing Leonel in size. Though at the moment it was impossible to see with the naked eye, Leonel knew well from just a touch that it had the capability to split into three segments.

'Let's begin with the foundation. [Meteoric Impact].'

Leonel held the trembling silver spear out with one arm, watching the motions of the live model with an intent gaze. There wasn't a single twitch of the muscle or shift of Force that he missed. Without leaving out a single detail, he reflected it in his Dream World.

Leonel split his mind 30 ways, having had even more improvement recently. He assigned each to a crucial point of his body, having it entirely focus on reflecting the technique to absolute perfection. Then, using his infallible memory, he etched the feeling into his very being.

[Meteoric Impact] was split into four stages of mastery. The first was the 'Large Rock' stage. The second was the 'Small Rock' stage. The third was the 'Sand' stage. And, the final was the 'Ash' stage.

This technique was all about focusing explosive fire power into the very tip of one's spear. By following this unique flow and making use of perfect timing, one would be able to unleash an explosive assault capable of doing devastating harm.

Without Leonel having to say anything, the training room understood his need and manifested the forms of several large rocks.

With an explosive step, Leonel erupted forward, his spear streaking forward like a piercing meteor. On its tip, a whistling shield of flames flickered.

BANG!

The spear tip collided with the massive rock before him. In one moment, the rock trembled, and in the next, it shattered, exploding outside into numerous tiny shards.

In his first attempt, with a spear that didn't want to listen to him, Leonel immediately crossed the 'Large Rock' stage and entered the 'Small Rock' stage in a Tier 7 technique.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m