Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's eyes brightened. This sort of systematic categorization was exactly what he was missing!

Leonel had long since abandoned his stat reading habit because it would often throw him off in the midst of battle. Without understanding a person's Lineage Factor or Ability, doing something like reading their stats would only handicap himself. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

But, this Ability Index was a completely different story. If he could grasp an understanding of it…

Leonel smiled, making a decision to memorize the entire Ability Index when he had the time. But first, he would have to focus on himself.

Leonel turned his attention to Dream Force.

The first level, Opening. The second level, Awakening. The third level, Visualization. The fourth level, Control. The fifth level, Manifestation.

The fifth level in particular, had a red underline, causing Leonel to sigh.

The reason this Ability Index existed was obvious. But, it was also a guide to follow on how to improve one's ability and what path to follow. In a lot of ways, Leonel wished he had known about this Ability Index long ago.

The issue was, according to the legend, this red underline meant that this evolution was impossible to reach unless one was directly born with it. It was an Ability almost exclusively awakened by Savants and no one else.

Obviously, Leonel wasn't even close to touching this fifth level and he never would. That said, he could remember a certain Savant who had done exactly that.

Leonel shook his head.

The first level, Opening, was a subtle awakening of Dream Force. This gave one added thinking capacity, greater memory, faster thinking speed and higher intellect. This was considered to be the lowest level.

The second level, known as Awakening, was a level where the user was more aware of the existence of their Dream Force. This allowed them everything gained on the first level but with an added sensory perception. This was also the minimum requirement necessary to absorb and utilize Dream Force actively.

The third level, Visualization, allowed one to utilize Dream Force to recreate objects in one's mind and simulate reality. This was where consciousness became almost tangible and real, allowing one to control vivid Dreams to insanely high levels of detail.

The fourth level, Control, went beyond this. At the lowest level, it allowed on to control one's mind and sensory perception, raising it and dulling it as one pleased. At the highest level, one could take hold of their consciousness to manipulate every aspect of their body even to the smallest level.

The fifth level, of course... didn't need to be explained.

Within each of these levels, one could be given three grades of proficiency. If Leonel had to grade himself, he believed himself to be at third grade of the Visualization level. In fact, he believed that he had taken a half step into the Control level.

This Ability Index really put things into perspective. There were always those out there who were better.

Leonel seemed to be running through all the talents no matter where he landed, but… wasn't that only natural? This was a mere Fifth Dimensional world whereas his father, at the very least, was from a Seventh Dimensional world.

If Leonel really wanted to see where he measured up, he would need to first face geniuses from those high level worlds. If he came out unscathed, only then would he be able to hold his head up high.

As of now, Leonel was just bullying those who had a much lower starting platform than he did.

'The Ability Index is adjusted depending on where you can display your optimal strength. Obviously, any Seventh Dimensional existence would be able to display their ability's highest level on a Fourth Dimensional world. But, whether they could do the same on a Seventh Dimensional world was a completely different matter…'

Right now, Leonel's ability was considered to be in the Peak of the Fifth Dimension. However, it was only being fueled by Fourth Dimensional Dream Force and his Third Dimensional existence.

'Oh…'

The deeper Leonel read, the more he realized that it seemed he had underestimated himself.

Leonel had mistakenly believed that since his ability was in the Fifth Dimension, it was thus already at a Fifth Dimensional standard. As such, the fact he could Visualize Fifth Dimensional matters was normal.

However he was wrong. Very wrong.

The foundation for everything was which Dimension you were in. By still being in the Third Dimension, Leonel was handicapping his own ability by unfathomable levels.

This was a difficult concept to understand. After all, Leonel's mind and body were both in the Fourth Dimension. His ability was even in the Fifth Dimension while the Dream Force he used was in the Fourth Dimension. So, what exactly was the issue?

The difference here was that crossing into Dimensions wasn't a 'power up'. It was a fundamental change of a person on a molecular level.

The simplest and boldest way to put it was that you were ascending into Godhood. Quite literally, to those in a lower Dimension than yourself, you were nothing less than a God.

Leonel was unable to undergo this complete transformation until he stepped out of the Third Dimension. Unfortunately, he couldn't without the later portion of [Dimensional Cleanse].

The truth was that the only reason Leonel was able to 'step' into higher Dimensions in other facets was as a result of his talent. His potential was much higher than his current level, so the bottlenecks that would have existed for someone else simply didn't exist for him.

But, none of this changed the fact that his overall abilities were all weighed down by a massive Third Dimensional anchor.

This was all to say one thing… The fact that Leonel could exhibit the fourth level, Control, in his current state, even while being in the Fifth Dimensional world that should have suppressed him… Made him nothing short of a monster.

'I see…' Leonel came to a realization.

This was why his split minds kept increasing. He had never reached a cap to begin with. And maybe… The only reason he was struggling so much with simulating his enemies was because of this same reason.

Leonel's understanding of his own ability took a massive leap forward.

'In that case, what information do you have on using and manipulating Dream Force…?'