Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel looked up. He was still in range of Dune's attack, but he was also very much aware that there was no way this big guy was moving. Every one of Leonel's punches had torn a rotating hole into his armor, sending bits of shrapnel into his body.

The worst part about this shrapnel, though, was that it was still connected to the rose-gold armor, making the situation even worse than it would otherwise be. If Dune wanted to move, he would not only be slicing apart his own limbs, but he would also have to fight against the sturdiness of his own armor.

It could be said that fighting against Leonel while wearing a full suit of metal was probably the dumbest thing you could do. The use of the Fire Element wasn't even half as egregious as this alone.

Leonel didn't know if the Morales family had any enemies, though he could guess that they probably did. No matter how powerful an organization was, it would always have its contenders. However, what Leonel didn't have to guess was that whoever these enemies were, there was no way they wore armor like this.

Either they wouldn't wear metal armor at all, or they'd find a way to enchant the armor to stop those with Metal Synergy from manipulating it.

Facing metal weapons was a different matter. Often times, there would be Force poured into it, disrupting Leonel's control. And, the weapon would often be moving too fast for Leonel to deal with before he was harmed.

But, an armor like this was practically a stationary target.

Simply put… Dune was asking to lose.

Leonel reached forward, touching the now distorted bear on Dune's chest. He sighed, shaking his head.

By all rights, he should kill Dune. It was obvious that the latter wouldn't have shown him any mercy had he been on the other end.

Was killing really a necessary extreme? All he had done was take a shop, right? He hadn't even killed any of their members.

This Dimensional Verse was really too ridiculous.

Leonel shoved his palm forward, deforming the rose-gold bear until its original form could no longer be seen.

Blood leaked out from Dune's helmet. From start to finish, he didn't say a word, not even for the sake of begging for mercy.

Leonel could sense the rage fueled gazes from the eleven remaining rose-gold armor wearers. But, none of them said a word either. It was clear that each of them were warriors that had seen a lot. Since they dared to act, they also dared to die.

'Hm. Maybe Valiant Heart isn't completely rotten yet.' Leonel thought absentmindedly.

Leonel's palm squeezed into a fist. As though scrap aluminum, the chest plate on Dune crumpled.

Leonel ripped downward, tearing the armor away from Dune's body.

With a kick, he sent Dune's half-dead body out of the arena.

Dune sputtered and coughed, looking up at the sky with hints of unwillingness. This wasn't because he was dying, but rather because he knew he would have had Leonel not just helped him take his armor off. Somehow, he had ended up being shown mercy. But, it only filled him with a sense of endless humiliation.

At that moment, many felt their minds going numb. If this was what Leonel could do to armor they were wearing, what were they supposed to do?

Leonel looked down at the large piece of rose-gold in his hand and tossed it to the side.

Dune slowly rose on his own despite the state of his body, knowing that no one would come to get him. In fact, he didn't want anyone to.

Without looking back, he dragged his body away, leaving a trail of blood in his wake.

From start to finish, the remaining eleven didn't spare Dune a glance, each one of them staring down Leonel with murderous intentions. It was clear that all of them were waiting for the ten minute timer to come to an end, each of them wanting nothing more than to rip him limb from limb.

Within the silent crowd, Nigmir trembled hard. He, who had fought Leonel once before, knew for a fact that he wasn't this powerful before. Any thoughts he had of defeating him seemed to have gone out the window, his body drenched in a cold sweat.

The members of the King of Ores faction watched on with clenched jaws. With such strength, were their plans of wearing Leonel down even viable?

Nigmir's gaze flickered with rage, his eyes shifting from Leonel to Aina. He would get his revenge. He needed to get his revenge. No matter what.

Nigmir's body flashed, a strong assault of wind whipping through the surroundings and catching many off guard.

No small number of people were still trying to wrap their minds around what had just happened. No one thought that someone else would levy a challenge at this exact moment. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Nigmir's body crossed over Leonel's platform as though in blatant provocation before landing heavily on Aina's. His mind was twisted with fury, causing the Wind Elemental Force around him to respond in kind.

Leonel frowned, his fingers twitching. A suffocating aura exuded from him. If it wasn't for the rules, he would have already attacked Nigmir right then and there. If it was a normal challenge against Aina, it wouldn't be a problem. But, this was very clearly not that.

Nigmir's body shook under Leonel's oppression. But, he grit his teeth, his rage taking over his rational mind.

He laughed into the skies. "You just stand right there and watch!"

Nigmir shot forward, his speeds reaching mind numbing levels. The wind enveloped him, an ivory armor manifesting and a four meter long lance appearing in his hand.

"DIE!"

Nigmir saw something flash by him. In that moment, he felt as though the world had shifted, one side sliding up while the other slid downward. He couldn't wrap his mind around what happened until he plopped to the ground, his body split in two halves right down the middle.

Another silence fell over the crowd as droplets of blood fell around a masked beauty with fluttering hair.