Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It was no wonder the crowd was stunned. [Meteoric Impact] was a Tier 7 technique, just learning it in the first place was something only blue belts with months of training could accomplish. It was one of the most powerful and devastating techniques Valiant Heart had access to, period.

But, to not only use it, but to use it with such a precise delay and such fine control left those who wielded spears feeling at a loss.

They had all seen it clearly. The spear and katana came into contact first. They even had time to see Leonel balance the tip of his spear on the katana's blade edge. Only then did [Meteoric Impact] activate.

But, wasn't this technique supposed to rely on momentum, speed and explosiveness? How could you accomplish all those things if you took a pause?

Leonel walked forward, the heat on his body leaving Jeren's body a blistering red. It was as though his presence alone just might burn the latter to ash, leaving him drifting in the wind no differently from Nigmir.

BANG!

A scorching foot was left imprinted onto Jeren's chest as he soared out of the arena. He twitched and writhed, his situation being even worse than Dune before.

Leonel raised his spear, pointing toward the remaining ten Bear Rose members.

"I don't need ten minutes. Hurry up and get up here, or else I'll come down to you."

Space continued to bend and quake. Fine black lines rained down, making the knees of all those in Leonel's presence bend. Maybe the only one who seemed completely unaffected was Aina herself. But, somewhat ironically, it was because of her such a thing was happening to begin with.

Leonel hadn't planned on unleashing his wrath in this way. But, at this moment, if he didn't vent he felt like he really might implode.

BANG!

Leonel couldn't wait any longer.

He shot off the platform, tearing a path toward the ten Bear Rose members.

Their eyes widened, never expecting that Leonel would actually choose to do such a thing. Even the elders were at a loss to deal with what was happening right now. But, they were also well aware that this had been tacitly allowed.

The moment Dune didn't receive a reprimand for forcefully throwing two white belts onto the stage, was the exact moment everyone realized that this so-called Selection was nothing but a free for all.

The so-called rules were nothing more than a thin veneer, enveloping what was nothing more than chaos.

The members of Bear Rose weren't left with any choice. They all shot forward, feeling the pressure Leonel placed on their shoulders. It felt as though a beast had been unleashed from its chains.

The instant Leonel's feet landed on the ground, he found himself pressed by four attacks. But, his spear pierced forward just as many times, a flow of golden light enveloping his body.

His spear technique seemed slow, leaving afterimages in its wake. For a moment, it looked like Leonel had split into four people, each wielding the very same spear and sending out the very same attack.

The air exploded, rings of fire raining downward and space warping. Leonel reflected their weapons with a speed and deftness that numbed the mind. Even pressed by so many high level opponents, he seemed intent on pressing forward, rage lighting his eyes.

If he could just crush them all, if there were just no obstacles left before him, no enemies to fight, no looming danger to worry about, would he still have to feel this way? Would she still have to feel this way? T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel's spear spun in his hands, a wheel and vicious wall of fire manifesting.

The participants scattered, fear evident in their eyes. The destruction Leonel was levying against Bear Rose was the likes of which they had never seen from a white belt. It was the kind of anger and pure rage that seethed from the soul.

Leonel roared, Bronze Runes flickering to life as his irises turned a violet-red.

The earth beneath his feet crumbled, sinking down into a crater under the pressure of just a single step.

The Bear Rose members felt as though a boulder had just smashed down on their heads from above.

Was this a gravity field? How could it be so powerful? These sort of area of effect abilities shouldn't be so strong in the hands of a Third Dimension existence standing on a Fifth Dimensional world.

Unfortunately, Leonel's speed only seemed to get faster. Illusory wings spread from his back, radiating out white and deep golds that was almost blinding to look at.

With a flicker, Leonel's spear shot through a chest. Before the Bear Rose member could even react to the bloody hole that had opened up within him, Leonel had already appeared before another.

Leonel's hand ripped through the air like a claw, grabbing onto the shoulder of a female Bear Rose member and pulling downward.

A shocking cry left her lips as her left shoulder was shattered into meat paste.

Unfortunately, whatever was left of her cry was cut short when Leonel's foot collapsed her mid section, sending whatever air she had left in her lungs jetting out like a stream.

At that moment, the wheels of fire Leonel had already sent out collided with as much as five Bear Rose members. Their shrieks and cries sounded, their armor practically melting onto their bodies with each passing second.

It was exactly then that the wheels imploded, raining down embers from above.

The region was completely decimated. Leonel stood with his gaze still lit with fury.

Every time he looked at the half-dead bodies of the Bear Rose members, he only got angrier. It didn't need to be this way, it didn't have to be this way.

Everything about this, from start to finish, was simply infuriating.

Within the stands, Magnaril sat at a loss. She simply couldn't wrap her mind around what was going on. How could he have such strength? His movements almost made it seem like everyone was happily walking into his spear.

Leonel looked up into the skies, his rage palpable.

In one motion, he threw his spear. With a bang, it landed dead center on his platform.

"Since you all want death, I'll give you death.. The next person to dare challenge me, I'll send to the underworld."