Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Even after so many years of advancement, Earth only had two methods for male birth control: the condom and the vasectomy. Luckily, the latter had become quite and easy procedure and had a near 100% guarantee of reattachment later down the line, while the former had become so advanced it felt as though it wasn't there to begin with. But, unluckily… Leonel had neither of these things on him.

At this point, he felt like shedding real tears.

These matters weren't even close to being at the forefront of Leonel's mind. He was a lifelong virgin despite his standing in high school. And, even if he hadn't been, something like a condom was nothing more than a press of a button away.

Now, though, the watch on his wrist that he had practically completely forgotten about was nothing more than scrap metal, especially after entering a Fifth Dimensional world.

Beyond that, there wasn't even a guarantee that a condom from a Third Dimensional world would even work on the current him. For all he knew, he shot out real bullets at this point.

They say that a normal Third Dimensional male could already dwarf 40 kilometers an hour. Leonel didn't know if his training would affect this, but if it did, he had to assume it would be far beyond just that.

As though thinking of all this wasn't depressing enough, even if Leonel wanted to choose the option of a reversible vasectomy, could he even find a skilled enough and strong enough doctor to cut into his body?

As complicated as all of this was, Aina probably had even less options. All female birth control options relied on a keen understanding of their biology. Who knew how much different Aina's biology was not from when she had been in the Third Dimension?

'… Fuck.'

Leonel stood there, his forehead leaning against Aina's own. Somehow, they had managed to crash their way all the way to kitchen. In fact, at this moment, Aina sat on the large stainless steel table at its very center, still subtly grinding against Leonel.

It was very clear that the both of them wanted to go a step further, but Aina's question had doused them both with a bucket of cold water.

At this point, they couldn't help but think of the situation that got them here in the first place. Even they had to admit that it wasn't exactly the healthiest of things.

If it wasn't for Aina knowing that she most definitely couldn't risk having children right now, they likely would have both lost themselves to the heat of the moment.

Even now, Leonel could feel Aina's fragrant juices moistening the tip of his cock. It was almost maddening. Just a single thrust and he would probably experience the greatest feeling this world had to offer.

However, as his mind cooled down, he realized that this matter was deeper than just not having birth control. There was a deeper issue that neither of them seemed to want to deal with.

Leonel felt Aina cup his cheek.

His head was pulled up to match her gaze, his breathing hitching as he laid eyes on her flawless countenance.

Leonel had never cared what Aina looked like. But, to have the emotions he had for her reaffirmed by the existence of this goddess before him was almost too much to handle. It was already difficult enough for him to control himself around Aina normally, but, at that moment, it felt as though all his inhibitions were being knocked down one after another.

Leonel barely stopped his hips from thrusting forward, his thighs trembling as he grit his teeth.

Aina's breathing became somewhat haggard. Though Leonel hadn't completely pierced through her final lines of defense, she could still feel herself opening up. It was at most half a centimeter or two, yet the feeling was already so intoxicating.

Aina knew how dangerous this position was. The very entrance was among the most sensitive regions for a woman. Let alone Leonel, even she was playing with fire right now. That didn't even consider the danger of the leaking of Leonel's own fluids.

Taking a deep breath and gathering up will power he didn't know he had, Leonel pulled away. He felt as though he was about to burst, but he also knew that this was the best decision.

If it was up to him, he would put a child in Aina right this very moment. It would probably be selfish of him to do so, but the same way Aina wanted to keep him safe, so did he too want to keep her safe.

As powerless as he was, making her belly round and her feet swollen seemed to be the only method he could think of.

Leonel was so absentminded that he didn't notice when Aina had pushed herself off the steel table and begun to pull at his hand. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He followed behind her, barely keeping track of the swaying pendulum of her waist. He almost felt that it was unfortunate her long hair obstructed so much of the view. For the first time, Leonel had a negative emotion toward the long hair he loved so much.

Before Leonel could react, he found himself in Aina's room, seemingly the only one their rampage had missed.

Truthfully, the two usually slept together nowadays, so this room remained relatively unused and had been that way for months already. However, at this point, it was a saving grace.

Aina sat Leonel down on the edge of the bed, her next action making his eyes widen and his heart skip a beat.

Aina sat on her knees between his legs, looking up at him with a somewhat nervous and bashful expression.

At that moment, Leonel's cock throbbed. He hadn't thought it was possible to feel more turned on at this point, but the image of a beauty with the face of a goddess kneeling before him like this made his blood seethe.

Aina's slender fingers grabbed forward, her two hands wrapping around his member with a gentleness that only made it pulse more.

Then, with slow movement's Leonel caught every frame of, her slightly parted cherry lips kissed the very tip.

Leonel felt the greatest humiliation he had in his life right at that very moment. He didn't survive to even experience the softness of her small pink tongue.

"Shit."

Aina was confused by the word until she suddenly wasn't. With reflexes that surpassed human understanding, she dodged out of the way.. Unfortunately, the ceiling could not.