Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's hands outlined Aina's silhouette. Her figure was so much fuller that he felt as though he could lose his fingers in the softness of her flesh. By the time he grabbed handfuls of her ass, he felt his breathing had already grown heavy.

Even experiencing her touch now, he had a hard time fathoming how something could feel so good. So springy, so elastic. It had just a touch of firm muscle, only to be surrounded by a supple flesh that was beyond words.

"Ow…" Aina pulled back, biting Leonel's lip in a cute retaliation. "… If you pull any harder, you'll rip them off."

Leonel laughed when he heard these words. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Aina's voice had a subtle change to it after her transformation. The best way Leonel could describe it was like two silk sheets gliding against each other. Her cadence seemed to tickle at his ears, enticing him with every step.

He really could barely hold back. But, this time he managed to control himself.

One day, when the time was right, he would taste her ripeness. And hopefully by then, the issues the two of them had yet to address, would also be concluded.

Neither of them seemed eager to speak on these things, but for the first time, Leonel didn't feel like he was running from it. Rather, he simply didn't know how to put what he was feeling into words and Aina seemed to be the same way.

But, Leonel wasn't worried. Were all relationships nothing but smooth sailing? Even with his limited experience, Leonel didn't believe so. There would always be a push and pull, an effort both parties had to put in.

Given enough time, Leonel was confident that they'd be able to take that step together. And, when that day came, he would definitely put a baby in this goddess. After all, he had to make sure everyone knew that she was his.

Leonel suddenly felt a pinch at his waist.

"What nasty thoughts are you thinking about?"

Leonel was stunned before he burst into a fit of laughter. It seemed that Aina's senses had become almost too good after her curse retreated. It was like she could practically read his mind now.

"Nothing much, just thinking of marking some territory." Leonel said with a devious smile.

"Territory? I'm territory now?" Aina blinked quite adorably, however her gaze seemed to hide a dangerous light.

"Of course, I have to mark you off properly. We wouldn't want someone else trying to claim you, right? How embarrassing would that be?"

"I see... I think it's better if we mark you off first. Not as territory, though. I think you'd be a good little puppy, I'll get you a nice leash. Wouldn't want you going around to mark other territories that weren't yours, right? How embarrassing would that be?"

Aina's eyes blinked with a beautiful twinkling light, her smile was gorgeous to an extreme.

The mental pressure of her gaze was so strong that Leonel almost asked her where the leash was so he could go and get it.

**

The time for the opening of the Valiant Heart Zone came quickly. Usually, there would be a few weeks to even month buffer period to allow those who would enter time to prep and prime themselves. But, this time, it felt as though everything was being sped along at an accelerated pace.

The chosen time for the Zone's opening was the day following the Selection. Since of the participants that were chosen, only a single one of them suffered injuries, it was decided that time for rest wasn't needed.

What was surprising though, was this singular injured student was none other than Radlis who had managed to claim the fourth and final spot for himself.

After Leonel had taken out the Bear Rose members, the landscape had shifted. However, it definitely shouldn't have shifted enough for Radlis to claim a spot. After all, there were still the remaining King of Ores members, there were the Severed Heart Faction members that hadn't made a move, and on top of that, there were still the other members of the Hero Faction…

It could be said, then, that though Leonel's action had undoubtedly helped Radlis, if he hadn't had such strength of his own, he would have never come so far.

Such a thing would have left Leonel feeling intrigued… If he had known about it, that is. Neither Leonel nor Aina had taken a step into the outside world for about a day now and were simply enjoying each other's company. The matters of what was happening here wouldn't be known to them until they actually appeared.

At this moment, though, many were already gathering around the Valiant Pillars. The ceremony for entry into the Valiant Heart Zone wasn't one they got to see often, so many didn't want to miss it.

Beyond this, though, there were some small benefits to be gained by being near the entrance. It was said that those nearby could be blessed by the aura of the Valiant Pillars, allowing them some minor breakthroughs.

Though their gains wouldn't be anywhere near as good as the youths who entered, it was at least something, right?

Still, rather than being filled with an excited air, the atmosphere was quite solemn.

At the center of the Pillars stood a group of elders, but one singular man stood out amidst them all.

This man was none other than the current Head of the organization, Hutchin. Even given his age, his body rippled with vitality, his bronzed muscles shimmering beneath the rising sun.

Since this man wass till silent, no one dared to breathe a word.

"… Can't you at least let me be a lion or tiger pet or something? Why a puppy of all things? This is spousal abuse."

"Who's your wife?"

The two voices weren't very loud, but the second one especially seemed to grip at all their hearts. Never had they heard a voice so soothing and enticing.

Rather than reprimanding, many couldn't help but crane their necks to see where it had come from. But, what they saw left them all at a loss. In that moment, Leonel might as well have been invisible despite the fact he held her hand.

The two descended down the mountain pass, but the world seemed to revolve around just one of them despite the fact she wore a mask and her figure was hidden behind a black military uniform.