Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was speechless. How Aina was still drawing so much attention even while wearing her mask was beyond him.

To Leonel, he didn't particularly care how the world saw Aina. When she chose to wear her mask out today, he hadn't said a word. After all, to the current Aina, the mask was about more than just hiding her face, she treated it like a present to be treasured, much like the necklace he had given her for her birthday.

Plus, she wasn't quite used to her new face yet. Rather than having to waste her time talking and explaining things to people she didn't care about, she would rather just hide herself completely and leave her looks for the only one who mattered.

To make things worse, Aina had even covered up most of her body wearing her black military uniform once again. Of course, this was because Leonel had tactlessly ripped away her Valiant Heart outfit during their… battle. But, one would have thought that this would make her even less conspicuous.

Yet, all it took was just a single word from her in range of the crowd's hearing for hundreds of pairs of eyes to land on her as though a pack of lustful wolves.

It truly wasn't their fault, though. Aina's mental coercion was on a level these students, and even the elders, had never experienced before. Her every action seemed to put them into a trance. She wasn't even swaying her hips as she moved, yet her gait mesmerized them all nonetheless.

Leonel's lip twitched, his eyes narrowing into a glare. It was only after his own presence solidified that many were snapped out of their daze, looking toward him with a hint of apprehension.

Even at that point, though, it was hard not to wonder where this woman had come from. It was only those who recognized the blue veined mask Aina wore that seemed to make the connection. But, even then, they were greatly confused.

Could a person undergo so many changes in just one night?

Leonel and Aina made it to their designated location within the mountain pass. Technically, they weren't late, but it seemed that everyone was so eager to get this done that they had all come early. This even included the likes of Raylion and Aphestus who one would have assumed would come last.

This only meant, then, that regardless of what Leonel wanted, the path of him and Aina was followed even down to the final moment.

Eventually, twelve youths stood before the elders of Valiant Heart.

Elder Magnaril stepped forward. Clearly, it was still her duty to complete the last writs for this event. However, at this moment, she was greatly confused.

"You. Who are you?"

Magnaril was trying her best to keep her calm, honestly.

Given the current situation, she couldn't snap and rant like she wanted to. After all, they were in the presence of the Head. And, although Raylion had been causing quite some stirs in recent months, there was no one who could shake his position. Even Raylion was very far from doing so.

However, even if she couldn't do as she pleased, that didn't mean she wasn't inwardly seething.

Of course, she recognized Aina's mask. But, was she also supposed to just believe that this person was Aina just because of this? For all she knew, Leonel had had this harlot wear this mask so that he could try to sneak her in.

But, not only was this woman not wearing the official garb of their organization, but she was clearly not Aina. She was much taller, her demeanor seemed different, her ability felt different, and even her voice had undergone a subtle change.

To Magnaril, Aina's current voice sounded like someone who was trying their best to sound like her, and was just missing the mark by a small tidbit. That small tidbit of difference was the reason why all these men and even the women couldn't take their eyes off of her.

The Elders looked at this situation with a frown.

The Selection had happened for a reason. They couldn't just allow anyone into their most valuable treasure.

Of course, at this moment, things were a bit different. Whereas usually the topmost echelon of elders would be missing, they were here now. As such, those that knew of Leonel's true identity were likewise here.

Looking toward one another, they saw a tinge of helplessness in their eyes. If Leonel wanted to bypass their rules and bring just a single person in, they should just allow it, right?

Head Hutchin turned his gaze toward Leonel. For the current youth before him, this gaze was still heavy. In fact, Leonel seemed to notice it immediately and looked up.

For the first time, Leonel and this mysterious Head of Valiant Heart met face to face. But, Leonel felt that this man was difficult to read.

"I am Aina Brazinger." Aina replied softly. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Toward this response, Magnaril's brow only furrowed deeper. Was this harlot really still trying to fool her?!

Magnaril looked toward Leonel, a fury hardly hidden in the depths of her eyes. Her precious disciple had fallen for this bastard and he had actually betrayed her like this. How could she not be furious? If it was up to her, she would cut Leonel down where he stood!

Leonel felt this murderous gaze too. But, toward this he could only bitterly smile. This really was Aina. How else was he supposed to prove this?

It was at that moment that Aina pulled her mask off.

For an instant, the air seemed to come to a grinding halt.

'Ah, dammit.' Leonel clicked his tongue.

Aina rolled her eyes and ignored him as her body began to change. A looming curse energy formed into a fog around her face, obscuring the enchanting view.

Her body shrunk, her military uniform downsizing along with it.

"Do you recognize me now, teacher?" Aina spoke in her former voice.

At that point, Magnaril was stunned into silence.