Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[It's LIVE people, this is NOT a drill! Official Vampire Empress Aina art available on my instagram right now :) >> @awespec_ ]

[Can't believe I'm sharing these goodies with you all... should have kept her to myself]

After finding a path to cure her curse, Aina chose not to get rid of it completely. She had complete dominance over it with her ability and could continue to use it as she had in the past to help with her training.

Doing something like exploiting its effects for a moment to prove her identity was as easy as breathing, even though it put her in an uncomfortable position for a few moments.

Not long later, though, she returned to her true form, the form that left her feeling the most comfortable. Like this, she felt as though she could destroy a mountain range with a step and hold the world in the palm of her hands.

For a moment, that flawless countenance appeared again.

Her shapely nose, the gentle slope of her jaw, her willowy brows and slender neck. It was all perfect to an extreme. But, it only appeared for just a moment before she blocked it all with her mask.

Maybe some of the most stunned people by this change other than Magnaril were the likes of Balthorn, Radlis? and the other freshmen.

Radlis still remembered making fun of Leonel for his poor choice in women while Balthorn very clearly remembered why it was that Leonel didn't like her very much in the first place. But now, it felt like this woman they had once poked fun of had become an untouchable goddess.

"Hm?" Aphestus, who stood in the line of twelve youths, raised an eyebrow.

He had never thought that the girl he had picked up actually had a true appearance like this. If it hadn't been for Aina's less than optimal looks, the method they used to try to put Leonel in his place would have been very different.

At this point, let alone Aphestus, even Raylion's heart, which was usually as calm as the unmoving surface of a lake, 'woke up' for just a moment.

Aphestus grinned a toothy grin. If they thought that it was all sunshine and roses after entering the Zone, they would be sorely mistaken.

Leonel, sensing Aphestus' gaze, looked over. Leonel's eyes were placid, his demeanor completely unmoved by the toothy grin he saw.

Instead, his gaze shifted down to the twin daggers by Aphestus' waist, his lip curling with disdain.

Aphestus froze.

The words Leonel spoke all those months ago about how pathetic his weapons were suddenly rang in his ears like a furiously ringing bell. Outside of his control, his face suddenly burned hot as though Leonel's gaze alone carried a fiery heat.

Aphestus remembered exactly the kind of contempt he had treated Leonel's statement with back then, only to find out that Leonel had meant every word of it.

Leonel shook his head, a look of pity lighting his eyes as he looked away. But, this only infuriated Aphestus even more.

'… Boy, I'll make sure you pay.'

Leonel ignored Aphestus' heated gaze. As far as he was concerned, let alone dealing with him, his lovely girlfriend probably didn't need any help at all to all but solo them.

Leonel didn't know where Aina's limit lied at this moment, but he knew that it was most definitely not shallow.

At that moment, Magnaril and the other elders finally recovered.

"Little Aina… You… Your curse, it's lifted?"

Aina nodded. "My boyfriend helped me find a way."

Magnaril opened her mouth to respond, but the sound of Aina's enchanting voice saying the word boyfriend seemed to shatter the budding fantasies of countless youths.

"That's… That's good." Magnaril squeezed out a smile.

Though it seemed force due to her irrational hatred of Leonel, there was still a wave of genuineness found within her eyes. Clearly, she was very happy for Aina.

'I guess this old bat isn't so bad after all.' Leonel thought with a smile.

Still, Magnaril was confused. The person that should be happiest about this lifted curse should be Aina. But, why did she sound like she was speaking of just another matter?

'It seems that there is indeed something weighing heavily on this young girl…' Magnaril sighed.

She had known that Aina was carrying a heavy weight long ago. She could only hope that Leonel could help her bear some of the burden.

Magnaril nodded.

"Since these matters have been settled, we can move on to important matters."

Magnaril stood straight, regaining her dignified air.

"These matters have been a barely hidden secret for a long while, but the Elders have decided to speak of them in blunt terms.

"Our Valiant Heart is at a crossroads. We face internal enemies in the Oryx and external enemies in the Milky Way. We have sat at the top for a long while and the beasts chewing at our scraps have become restless, wanting a larger piece of the pie."

Magnaril's words were simple, but they seemed to make the blood of the crowd boil. Who would ever want things that were rightfully theirs snatched away by another?!

"This Valiant Heart Zone to my back represents the pride of my Valiant Heart Mountain. It is our most treasured possession and the light we use to guide the leaders of the next generation.

"When you enter, I hope you understand the important role you play, and I hope that you grasp every opportunity presented to you.

"I will not lie. The Valiant Heart Zone is not without danger. The longer a Zone is forcefully held open like this as opposed to clearing it, the more variables can appear.

"Our Valiant Heart Zone is especially susceptible to this because it is a Variant Zone that reflects the future. Variant Zones are meant to be the easiest and safest Zones to enter, however, our Valiant Heart Zone has long since stopped being such a thing.

"In my heart, I wish for you all to enter as children and exit as men and women – to enter as foot soldiers and exit as Generals.

"You are the pride of our Valiant Heart, our future!"

Magnarils' voice resonated through the quiet mountain pass, a heavy atmosphere only growing heavier at that moment. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Go forward and claim what is yours."

The Valiant Pillars began to quake, an overwhelming surge of energy descending from above and crashing down toward the twelve youths.

This Force had every intention of forcing them to their knees.