Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 748 - SorrowT/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel didn't have time to make sense of what he was hearing. He subconsciously felt that even if he had all the time in the world, it still wouldn't matter.

Somewhere deep inside, he subconsciously felt that his father was playing another practical joke on him. But, how could his dad possibly know that he would stumble into such a ring and be teleported to this place? Senior Lu was too insignificant of a character to be predicted by anyone and maybe this was simply what some called Fate.

Practical joke or not, though, all Leonel knew was that the dictionary had lost its usefulness in this situation. He could only hope that he could finish things quickly or that the time dilation here bordered on excessive. He couldn't afford to be here for as long as he had been in the Camelot Zone.

Leonel's figure flickered, his four meter long Wind Spear following in a stream behind his strike.

The opposing army seemed stunned that a single man had led the charge all on his own. And, in fact, Leonel supposed right hand man was also beginning to panic. Though he had wanted Leonel to be fired up and lead the army well, this was a bit too much, no?

However, it was already too late to call him back.

The blue eyed youth hesitated. Trying to call Leonel back now would dampen the momentum of the army by a considerable bit. But, at the same time… wouldn't' Leonel's death be even worse.

Gritting his teeth, the eye lieutenant made a decision. However, just as he opened his mouth to speak, the situation abruptly changed once again.

Illusory wings spread to Leonel's back. As though the golden image of a heavenly Roc, his speed increased explosively.

In one instant, he was still a hundred kilometers from the opposing army. In the next, he had appeared above their general, his spear jetting out like a meteor.

The opposing General couldn't even react before a spear had split through his brows.

The battlefield fell into silence for just a moment. But, that was quickly ended by an explosion of fire that lit the air aflame.

The opposing General's head combusted until all that was left was ash.

Leonel landed on the General's still running steed, his steps unexpectedly light. His motion to kick the opposing General off before landing was so seamless that the horse didn't even seem to realize that its owner had already been slaughtered.

Leonel raised his head up to the sky and roared, billowing flames jetting out from his mouth as though to signal his victory.

His army was stunned for a moment before they erupted. Their blood boiling to the absolute limit, they saw nothing but red. Their own roars echoed through the valley, their charge suddenly gaining organization and purpose.

It was then that a slaughter was released.

…

The battle ended not even an hour later. With Leonel leading the charge and taking on much of the pressure, they managed to survive. However, there was only so far motivation could get an army.

Despite the victory, Leonel lost at least 50% of his men, leaving barely 500 remaining. And, though he expected the result to be like this, he was still very much in this world with no sign of getting out.

Sighing deeply, Leonel shook his head.

"Gather the scattered horses, don't let them run far. Those that are able bodied will become our new war horses. Those that are too injured to be of use will be slaughtered and used for food.

"Other than this, take spoils as you please."

This army was clearly lacking in food and equipment. Though this was a hard fought battle and they had lost many, it ironically guaranteed that everyone would gain a large upgrade in this regard.

Using the carriages the opposing army had brought along, they began to organize their loot. However, this was undertaken only after they dealt with their dead, giving each man a proper burial.

Even though Leonel wanted to leave this place as quickly as possible, he couldn't help but feel the weight of these deaths.

Ever since he had entered the Mayan Zone, Leonel had never been able to separate the lives from a Zone to those in real life. To him, whether the past, future or present, these were all people.

He couldn't help but feel that maybe he had been too rash. Maybe he should have thought of a different plan, a different approach that would have ended in more surviving.

Logic told him that with the army already in the valley and the enemies charging forth, there was no other course of action to be taken. But, emotions seemed to rage through his heart.

He was supposedly intelligent, right? Why hadn't he even tried to think of anything else?

And the truth was that he knew the answer to this. He knew exactly why he threw the lives of these men away without caring to look for another way…

It was Aina.

He was so worried about his own loved one that he neglected to care about the fact that these men had their own girlfriends, their own wives, their own children and mothers and fathers… friends and grandparents, dreams and aspirations…

Leonel clenched his fists, his jaw steeling.

When they all finally returned to the small town they all called 'home', it hit Leonel like a ton of bricks.

Walls of women and children stood anxiously at the gates. They flooded the outer town limits, many of them camping and even more staying completely awake, unable to sleep until they laid eyes on their lovers, their husbands… their fathers.

When they saw the army return in victory, a cheer that shook the town resounded. The walls quaked and the ground trembled.

However, when the number they expected to return was reduced by half, the wails and cries were just as resounding.

This sweeping sorrow, flooding the town like a monsoon, crashed through Leonel's heart in waves.