Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 756 - God

Raoulin could hardly understand the words his father was speaking. But, each and every one weighed on his heart like a booming war drum.

The Ninth Dimension? Even to those of the Morales family it was nothing more than a mythical existence. In fact, even to those of these ever elusive Eighth Dimensional families and organizations, such a level doesn't exist, though many have tried to push past these limits.

There was a reason why Earth, despite 'only' having Eighth Dimensional potential, is still seen as a hot commodity by the Dimensional Verse as a whole.

To put these matters into perspective, as far as the Dimensional Verse laymen are concerned, the Seventh Dimension is the absolute highest. Existences like the Morales family, then, are seen as being the pinnacle.

It is only organizations on the Morales family's level, at this ever illusive Seventh Dimension, that understand there is at least one more step to take. But to them, whether these Eighth Dimensional family's and organizations exist is still a mystery!

Now one can properly understand just how ridiculous Alexandre's words were. He spoke of an existence a step beyond even what the Morales family could prove existed as though he had personally witnessed it all with his own eyes… Yet, he himself admitted to the fact that he was nothing more than a King of one of the weakest Fifth Dimensional worlds in existence.

Raoulin couldn't think so deeply about these things. He didn't have enough scope of understanding to grasp what his father spoke about. In his mind, this world was the only one and his family was the strongest.

But… This time it seemed that reality had played a joke on him.

Raoulin looked down at the girl who was meant to be his wife. She had a wound right above her womb cut open, flowing out with ever goldening blood. However, she stared at seemingly nothing blankly, her body being almost lifeless.

If Raoulin couldn't understand by now, he would be too much of a fool.

His father hadn't given him Normand's fiancée for the sake of making him happy, nor was it because he had begged and pleaded for it. His father had given him this woman only because it would be more convenient for him to use her like this.

What reddish gold blood was flowing out of her at this moment was clearly very important to this tablet. However, none of this explained what this tablet was and what it could do.

Raoulin opened his mouth to ask, but he hesitated. He really couldn't afford to make a mistake at this critical juncture. There was a reason his father hadn't shown him this until just now. For some reason, Raoulin was certain that if his performance wasn't perfect…

He would never walk out of here alive.

Cold sweat began to drench Raoulin. His skin became tingly and the room's temperature seemed far hotter now than it had been in the past.

Without even understanding what he was doing, he kneeled down, smashing his forehead against the ground toward the tablet. His kowtows were even more resounding than his father's, even to the point where blood trickled down and stung his eyes and salted his lips.

For the first time since they entered, Alexandre looked back. It was just slight, but if one had been looking closely, it seemed as though two slits just beneath his eyes had closed at that exact moment.

"Come here."

This voice was almost like the call of an angel to Raoulin. He realized then that he had finally done the right thing and managed to transverse this tribulation.

Soon, father and son stood before a bleeding young woman in the nude.

Raoulin took a deep breath, suddenly feeling as though his body was invigorated. The bottleneck he had been at for years suddenly shattered and he stepped into Tier 8 of the Fourth Dimension.

The Prince stood frozen in shock. He had only breathed in a small bit of the air this tablet had to offer, but he had broken through so easily?

Raoulin looked toward his father but didn't have the words to say. He might look like he was in his mid-twenties, but he was way older than this. Even though he trained hard, he still found it difficult to reach this step, something that pissed him off especially when everyone seemed to want to compare him to Normand.

Yet, this tablet had done exactly that…?

Raoulin's eyes glowed with a fervor even beyond his father's.

"Soon, we will be able to call down the Gods. The True Gods." Alexandre said, his voice quivering just the slightest bit. It was imperceptible to most, even his own son. "When that day comes, this world will be ours…

"But that will only be the very first step. With God's strength, we will claim the Dimensional Verse for our own."

If Leonel had been there, these talks would have sounded eerily familiar to his ear.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

**

"General, news will have reached the Capital by now and they will definitely be preparing countermeasures. There's a good chance that they may send one of their Titled Knights."

Within a military tent of beast skin, Leonel sat listening to a report given by one of his scouting units. The young man was dressed like an assassin, but also wore goggles over his eyes as he squinted toward a report.

Over the past month and a half or so, Leonel had gathered up many subordinates. But, it could be said that the ones he trusted with the most tasks were Rollan and this young orphan everyone called Goggles.

"A Titled Knight, huh?" Leonel smiled. "How powerful are they?"

"Powerful. Each and every one is at least Tier 7 with the strongest being Tier 8. But, that's not what's important. There are plenty of experts on that level in the Kingdom which is why I keep saying we're all going to die.

"You know, if everyone just listened to me, we could still turn back right now and trek into a distant mountain somewhere and never return. How would they ever find us? At worst, we could just live off nature for the rest of our li—"

"Alright, alright, Goggles. Get back to the point."

He really was a greatly talented young man. Too bad he was afraid of everything.