Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 760 - Fall

Leonel flipped his palm over, causing his spear to vanish.

Mikael seemed to want to press his advantage the moment he saw this. He didn't believe that Leonel was giving up, but that didn't matter. All that did matter to him was that this was a chance to finally end this battle.

Though Leonel had seemed to survive so long because of his speed and agility. Mikael could tell that another large portion of the reason was the length and reach of his spear.

He had never seen such a long spear before. The Crafters of their Kingdom were excellent, but the logistics of forming such a long and flexible spear was a nightmare, especially if you wanted it to carry any strength.

If it wasn't for his Sturdy Title, he felt that he would have already lost his long time partner.

However, would Mikael really have the chance to press such a small advantage? Leonel's spear had hardly disappeared before another one appeared in its place. And, though this one was exactly a meter short of four, Mikael's pupils immediately constricted.

It was the kind of spear that held a presence of its own, a fiery aura that seemed to want to battle against even its own owner. Just laying there in Leonel's palm, it made the energies of the world tremble, its mere existence exuding an undying superiority.

Leonel twirled his spear in his hands, its double blade slicing apart trees tens of meters away with its wind pressure alone. He hardly put any effort in, yet the devastation he wrought had reached an all new level.

'Let's end this.'

Leonel shot forward. However, Mikael immediately retreated, his pupils constricted into pinholes. He didn't dare to meet that spear with his hammer. He could already see the future where a weapon that had followed him for decades would be split into two, taking his arm along with it.

However, Mikael's wishes didn't matter in this regard, not even in the slightest.

Leonel's spinning spear came to an abrupt halt, the sound of tearing air making Mikael's hair stand on end.

At that moment, Leonel pierced forward.

'It's not enough, the range is too shallow. He won't make it.'

Mikael remained composed, ready to look for a lane to counterattack.

If he ran from this battlefield, his army would lose the buff he had given them. The instant this happened, the slaughter would ensue once more.

Even though at this point the situation still wasn't in their favor, it was at least far better than the alternative. And, as long as he killed Leonel, the momentum would shift and victory would be his. Such a ragtag group of commoners, what did they know about honor? About duty? About bravery? The moment their spiritual leader collapsed, so too would they!

Mikael's eyes lit with fury and contempt. But, what happened next made him feel as though his whole world was flipping.

The instant Leonel reached the limit of his piercing movement, completely short as Mikael had expected, he suddenly burst past it.

Leonel's spear splintered into two of its three segments, a snaking chain shooting through the air as the blade continued forward.

Mikael couldn't even react before his valiant steed of decades had its throat pierced, a pained neigh followed by gurgling blood leaving it as it died.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Leonel's spear spun in his hands, ripping upward.

The spear's blade followed suit, tearing through a defense he could hardly dent moments ago as though a knife through butter.

A hot rain of blood blinded Mikael for a moment as his steed's head was split in two. Even though he reacted quickly, blocking his front with his massive hammer, he found that Leonel's next attack came from his side.

Leonel's spear separated into three parts, as it spun in his hands, it was almost like a massive meat grinder. Mikael couldn't even reacted before his body, along with his horse's, was bisected four different ways.

The rotation came to a grinding halt, Leonel's spear snapping back together.

As though the clicking noise was a sign for the world to begin moving forward again, dozens of trees in the surroundings were sliced into four or five pieces, collapsing to the ground like piles of fire wood.

Leonel looked toward Mikael's collapsing, gory figure in silence before looking at his spear. He had most definitely not expected the difference to be so drastic.

The scariest part was that at this point, he could only make use of this spear's innate sharpness, he couldn't even pour Force into it. Yet, just its sharpness alone was able to have such an effect. It felt as though the same strength he applied to Quasi Bronze spears, when applied with this Quasi Silver spear was easily a hundred times more destructive.

Leonel clearly didn't understand the level of privilege he had. What he was doing was the equivalent of taking a weapon forged by a God into a world of mortals. How could it not have this sort of effect?

But, it was for this exact reason Leonel never casually took this spear out. He could use it here because he was in a Zone. Logically, he either found a way to leave this place or he would die, so whether people knew about it or not was irrelevant.

However, things were different in the outside world. It wasn't like he could just leave everything behind and expect it all to be erased.

Leonel shook his head. The outside world didn't matter right now. He had to focus on this task so he could get out of here as quickly as possible.

Since he had the advantage of being in a Zone, there was no need to hide the strength of his treasures here.

Taking a deep breath, Leonel shot into the battlefield. He didn't bother to change his spear again. Since he was free to do as he pleased in this Zone, he might as well take it as an opportunity to train in controlling it.

Since speed was his goal, why would he hold back with his strength?

Unfortunately for the Kingdom, the fall of this Titled Knight would only be the first and most definitely not the last.