Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 762 - Cannot

The tent fell into silence as a cloaked figure walked in.

Outside their expectation, they weren't hit with a wall of the foul stench one would expect from an Oryx. In addition, though this figure was actually quite tall, in comparison to other Oryx, they were still lacking by two or three heads.

Could it be that the Oryx had sent a human to negotiate for them? This was a thought that Leonel couldn't help but have.

From what he knew, the Oryx Kingdom of this world did indeed have humans under their rule. In fact, during his very first battle here, it was the humans under their banner that he fought. However, he found it hard to believe that for their first contact, the Oryx would send a human to represent them.

Though Leonel had grown up in a world where most problems of race had been laid to rest, he had quickly realized that such problems were dotted all over the Dimensional Verse. It was just that instead of harping on skin color, it was a matter of human versus creatures he had only ever seen from fantasy novels.

Of course, humans would always be humans. Wherever there were divisions to be made, as long as there wasn't a strong overarching power like The Ascension Empire, they would make these divisions.

This was all to say that the Oryx definitely treated the humans under their charge like secondary citizens. So, how could they possibly send one for such an important thing as first contact?

"Greetings."

The robed figure gave a polite greeting. As the representation of the Oryx Kingdom, he obviously couldn't bow. But, he had done more than enough.

Leonel continued to scan the figure before him for a moment.

"I have been looking forward to communicating with the Oryx Kingdom for a long time." He said with a light smile.

"Yes. We have heard a lot about The General. After hearing so much, our King couldn't help but be intrigued himself. It is an honor to meet the man who has brought The Human Kingdom to its knees."

Leonel and the figure exchanged some pleasantries before the latter was invited to sit. Leonel didn't really care much for etiquette. As far as he was concerned, he wasn't really a King to begin with. He didn't mind sharing a table with an envoy.

"So, to what do we owe this pleasure?" Leonel finally asked.

"…" The envoy, hidden beneath is black robes, took a moment before speaking.

"I am sure that you understand the sort of precarious position your rebel army is in, correct?"

The atmosphere immediately took a turn for the worst. Never mind the fact that even the usually cheery Rollan was frowning, even Goggles who would usually want nothing to do with this dangerous stuff was practically staring daggers at the envoy.

However, Leonel continued to smile.

"We would only be in a precarious position if the Oryx Kingdom chose to attack, don't you think?"

The envoy's gaze seemed to look toward Leonel, his eyes like two dull balls of light hovering in the shadows of his hoodie. It was almost as though he couldn't understand why Leonel was so uncaring.

He had known that his words would be contentious and even seen as a veiled threat. In this era, though there unspoken rules about preserving the lives of envoys like him, who could do anything if a King lost their temper?

So, this envoy was probably even ready to lose his life today. But, what he hadn't expected was for Leonel to reply to his 'threat' with a smile.

"… Please don't misunderstand." The envoy replied. "This isn't a matter of choice, it would be one of necessity. The Human Kingdom isn't as simple as you think it is.

"We Oryx are superior in every way. Whether it be resources, strength of army, numbers, territory, politics, culture… You all have seen the corruption at the borders of your Human Kingdom yourselves. Eating at the borders, at the very least, should be very easy for us.

"Yet, we only ever send our lesser warriors into skirmishes and never lead full assaults. There is a reason for this."

Leonel's expression finally showed a slight shift. However, even then, it was just a slight raise of his brows.

"So tell me, then." Leonel began. "What would you like us to do?"

The envoy took a deep breath.

"We of the Oryx Kingdom hope that your rebel army will retreat from this endeavor. If you choose to do so, you will be handsomely rewarded. You, General, will be rewarded the title of Count. As for your Lieutenants and warriors, for the best of them we can provide Barony titles and Knighthood."

At that moment, a fiery red head amongst the group couldn't seem to take it anymore. Her hair really seemed to be a wreath of flames as she stood and slammed her seemingly delicate palm to the oak table.

BANG!

The entire tent quaked even down to the ground beneath their feet.

"You want us to do what!?"

This red head was indeed a beauty. Among those who had joined Leonel's cause, she was amongst the earliest and even happened to have once been the daughter of a Baron. She was one of the very few nobles who had chosen to join their cause.

Of course, she had her reasons. While the other nobles had their hearts gripped by Alexandre, Gertrude and long since lost her family. Ironically, they had been executed by Alexandre long ago.

It was safe to say that her fury toward the Human Kingdom was no weaker than any of the commoners of their army.

"Gertrude."

Leonel's even voice snapped the former young noble out of her rage. Though still seething, she slowly sat, her gaze flickering.

Leonel looked toward the envoy.

"And what do you plan to do with all the people we've taken to protecting? The weak? The women? The children? The elderly? It can't be that your Oryx Kingdom want to take them all in too, right?"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Leonel asked this knowing the answer very well. If they accepted all the people Leonel had conquered, what would be the difference between that and actually conquering the land?

"I am sure you already know the answer, General. These people must stay in the Human Kingdom. We cannot accept them all."