Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In a location barely ten miles from the Capital, Elthor sat on the ground, his face swollen with bruises and his lip dripping with a small bit of blood.

It was clear that someone had roughed him up, but not to the point of leaving any lasting injuries. In fact, even though he had a cold look in his eyes at that moment, it didn't seem to be a real rage. Rather, it was more of a dissatisfaction.

Other than his partially swollen face, his clothing was in rags and his arms were chained behind his back. He sat in the dirt, not looking toward any specific direction despite the fact that several individuals were standing above him. It was as though he couldn't hear their rage at all.

Of these people, two were particularly pissed off. Just with a simple look, one could see that they bore some resemblance to Elthor, although they weren't quite as handsome.

By now, their faces had gone red from fury and their throats hurt from yelling. But, it only made it worse that Elthor didn't respond no matter what it was that they said. He simply sat there, unmoving.

He had already succeeded in his goal. The Capital was definitely being attacked right now and whether they won or lost would be in Leonel's hands. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

As for the rage of his family… So what? He only did what he thought was right.

At that moment, the ground suddenly split. A silence fell as they moved out of the way one after another, even the two men who bore a resemblance to Elthor fell into silence, moving out of the way. In the presence of this man, they didn't dare to say a word.

Elthor felt a shadow cast over his body. For the first time, he looked up. But, what he saw made his pupils tremble.

The man that stood above him was none other than his own father, the King of the Oryx. Somehow, at that moment, his wrinkles seemed far deeper than they had been, as though he had aged ten years in the span of just a few moments.

He was a man of tall stature, his hair completely wizened with white. His robes were plain, and he didn't wear a crown, but he had a dignified momentum that forced those around him into silence.

He had a forceful, sort of square face. Compared to Elthor, his horns were far larger, branching out almost like the canopies of a large, ancient tree. Even though his eyes were somewhat murky with age, they hid a sharpness that seemed capable of piercing through his son's soul.

He didn't say a word for a long time. He only continued to observe his son.

For the first time, Elthor didn't see love, adoration or hope. He saw a deep rooted disappointment that made his heart tremble and his eyes water. His father didn't have to speak for him to suddenly feel a weight he had never experienced in his life before.

In that moment, for some reason, he felt that burden a King carried.

"Why?"

The Oryx King's voice was calm and soothing. It carried a silky quality one could listen to for a lifetime without becoming tired. It was hard to tell if this was simply natural, or if it was a cadence he had learned from years of ruling.

Elthor's jaw trembled before he clenched his teeth.

Due to his blatantly false information, the Oryx armies had ended up in the wrong location, too far from the battle to make it in time. It would be one thing if they were only sending a few people, but to lead such a large army, it would take too much time. Before they got there, much of the result would be set in stone.

Plus, their original goal wasn't to fight for or against anyone. They simply didn't want the rebel army to attack The Capital. Anything else they did didn't matter. However, it was obviously too late to change anything now.

"I didn't agree with your orders." Elthor finally said as firmly as he could.

"So, instead of following them, you chose to place all your people at risk instead?" The Oryx King continued calmly. "Do you understand how many will die when this plan of yours fails? Do you believe that this is something a King should do?"

Elthor snapped. "I NEVER WANTED TO BE KING!"

His breath came out harsh and hurried. He was tired of hearing the same bullshit day in and day out. This was never something he had wanted, so why were things always being framed like this to make him out to be some sort of failure?!

The King of the Oryx didn't even flinch at his son's outburst. His breathing remained steady, his gaze unmoved, his mood unchanged.

"Even after all these years, you still do not understand. Being King is not about what you want."

Elthor wanted to yell again, but his father's soothing voice spoke again before he could, making him feel as though he was choking on air.

"Becoming King… is also not about what you want."

The Oryx King continued to gaze at his son.

"A Kingship is a burden. It presses on your shoulders, it bends your back, it weighs on your heart and soul. You do not become a King by wanting, you become one by circumstance.

"Those who cannot feel this burden… Even worse, those who chase after it, lusting after it, pleading for it… These are not men fit to Rule."

Elthor's two brothers looked to the ground. For some reason, they felt a pang in their hearts, their expressions becoming overcast by hints of shame they couldn't hide despite the best of their efforts.

Elthor himself trembled fiercely, his eyes watering outside of his control.

"I…"

He couldn't find the words in him to rebuttal.

"Everard. Richeut."

"My King!"

Both Generals spoke in unison, their voices booming.

"Today, we ride to battle."

"Father!" Elthor called out, sensing that something was wrong.

The King no longer looked toward his son.

"From this day forth, Elthor Umewraek, will be the 57th King of our Oryx Kingdom. Ensure that the ceremony is grand and his name resonates with the Heavens.

"This King will watch on from the other side."

The Oryx King leapt onto his tall, black steed, his back straight and his halberd appearing in his hand. To his left and right, Everard and Richeut sat just as tall, their expressions determined.

Then, they charged into the distance, carving a straight line toward the Capital.