Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Let me go! I SAID LET ME GO!"

Elthor fought with all his might. But, compared to the Generals that remained and just how many of them there were, Elthor was just a young boy without a chance.

With so many restraining him at once, he had no chance of breaking through.

Rage lit his features, his body breaking into his battle form and even shattering the chains that held him down. But, even this wasn't enough. It only made the strikes he suffered even heavier.

The Oryx were never a light handed race. Even knowing that this was their new King, they didn't hold back. They refused to allow him to charge off into a battle that meant nothing but death.

He was their future, their light and their hope. If they ever wanted a chance to avenge their King, they needed him to grow and mature… Or else their Kingdom wouldn't last very much longer.

Even as they pummeled their young King into the ground, their fists heavy, tears streamed down their faces in an endless torrent. Not a single one of them looked toward their King's back receding into the distance. But, they all knew that this was the last time they would see him.

Elthor collapsed onto the ground, his bones beaten and broken. He couldn't stand even if he wanted to. It felt as though every inch of his body had suffered a severe injury other than his organs themselves.

However, somehow, he still found the strength to pound the ground with his fists, his wails spreading through the entire Oryx army.

"He's a King! I'm the warrior! I should be on the frontline! Not him! NOT HIM!"

The ground cracked, splintered and cratered beneath his strength, his pupils darkening the more rage he felt.

All around, the upper echelon of the Oryx Kingdom stood. The only sound for miles seemed to be the cries of their young King.

**

Leonel felt his arms almost shatter the instant he made contact. His leverage in the air wasn't the best to begin with since he had to rely on a piece of earth floating beneath his feet, but he had a feeling that even if he had such leverage, it wouldn't make much of a difference.

Alexandre was immovable. His palm stopped the blade of his Quasi Silver Spear as though it was any ordinary weapon.

The forces of repulsion almost blasted Leonel back to the ground. At least, it seemed like it was just almost… Until the piece of earth beneath his feet shattered and he was sent careening into the city below as though a falling meteor.

The air shot out of Leonel's body.

In these years he hadn't managed to progress past the Tier 4 stage of his Fourth Dimensional Metal Body because he couldn't find the specific Ores he needed in this place. However, this didn't mean that his body wasn't obscenely sturdy.

Even though he didn't cough up blood, though, his inner organs were rattled. Falling from almost 30 meters in the air like that was tough even for him.

Yet, Leonel shot out in the next instant, appearing in the skies again with a whole barrage of broken stone and earth following behind him.

Leonel unleashed a flurry of attacks, the tip of his spear exploding with flames as bombs of fire erupted in the skies.

Alexandre calmly glided backward, navigating through the earthen projectiles flying toward him at astonishing speed as though he was skating on ice.

Every time he lightly pressed his palm forward, Leonel's attacks would be rebuffed as though meeting an impenetrable wall. The attacks almost seemed to be nullified completely and none of the strength even traveled to the other parts of Alexandre's body.

'A defensive type ability? Is it just his palm? Or is it his whole body?'

Leonel's white gold wings appeared once more, his body erupting as Bronze Runes surged throughout his skin. A violet-red colored his eyes as his strength exploded.

He hopped from floating rock to floating rock, his speed growing faster and faster.

'[Harmonic Spear].'

At that moment, Leonel's body was suddenly cloned, each of them seemingly leaving afterimages in the air. In the blink of an eye, he looked to be everywhere at once, both being a long distance from Alexandre and a short distance at the same time.

Alexandre's eyes narrowed. Spears descended toward him from all directions.

Just when it seemed that he would be skewered, his Force surged.

BANG!

All the images dissipated at once, leaving just one Leonel piercing toward Alexandre's back.

However, rather than the image of him being run through that many might have expected, a spherical shield had appeared all around Alexandre, making Leonel's arms rattle.

There was just a slight pause before Leonel found himself being shot out once again. Like a ball out of a canon, he crashed through the city, bounding through walls and the stone tiled grounds.

Leonel coughed, shaking his head.

Looking up into the skies, he saw Alexandre looking toward him with an indifferent expression.

'So it is a defense ability fueled by World Force. No wonder even my Quasi Silver spear can't break his defenses. His ability is probably equivalent to a Sixth Dimensional one with the support of his World Force. And, unlike his Titled Knights, he doesn't have to call out his Title…

'But, Goggles said that this Alexandre had an ability related to words… Was that wrong? Or am I missing something…?'

Leonel slowly stood, his expression indifferent. It was as though he wasn't the one who had just suffered such a loss.

'It seems it's time for you to make your debut.'

Leonel pierced his spear into the ground, his momentum growing fiercer as Force whistled around him.

At that moment, the Halo above his head began to glow fiercely, expanding a fold in size as it continued to tremble. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Then, it grew another fold, then another. Eventually, the Halo was over two meters in diameter alone, shining such a bright Bronze-Violet that it almost looked like a violet-gold.

When it reached its peak it descended over Leonel's body, reaching his feet in a single bound.

Nothing seemed to have happened. But, as it rose back over Leonel's body…

A brilliant armor began to appear.