Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Seems like everything's fixed now, so here's the bonus chapter for 300 powerstones, next at 600 :)]

Leonel's body was akin to an unleashed beast. Without the chains of morality or the burden of inexperience, he was like a well oiled machine, reaping the lives of one Invalid after another.

The large-headed A-grade Invalid seemed to be sending rays of mental attacks toward him, but they seemed to roll off of Leonel without the slightest hint of success. Without the ability to attack, this invalid was the first to fall.

Compared to the large armies Leonel had faced, the Invalids were a loose pack of sand. They didn't work together and their intelligence seemed to be several levels lower than that of humans. With the level of Leonel's current battle sense… it was too easy.

The truth was that at this point, Leonel had already regained his senses. It was just that he was in a state of limbo. He felt like his body was a mech suit and his eyes were its windows. He was currently watching this mech suit being controlled by someone else, but through the lens of his own gaze.

It was a feeling that made him somewhat sick and lightheaded. The dizziness made him feel like he just might vomit any moment now, but due to the fact he wasn't controlling his body, he couldn't even if he wanted to.

Of course, this wasn't to say that this was a forceful possession. In fact, Leonel knew that with a single thought, there would be no issue with him taking back control of his body.

It was this feeling that made him realize that this experience wasn't him being in danger… rather, it was an opportunity.

Still, the more Leonel observed, the more incredulous it became. He could tell that the consciousness of this primitive man couldn't use power beyond the means of his body. But, he couldn't help but think… was this really his strength?

Laughter left Leonel's lips as his head tilted to one side.

A sharp tongue dripping in violet poison whizzed by his head, only to be caught in a hand of his covered by a thin blue light.

His arm bulged as he pulled with all his might, his spear wielding hand snaking forward.

DING! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The stone blade rebounded off the forehead of the lizardman Invalid, but this only made Leonel's eyes brighten with even more excitement.

The angle of his wrist shifted and with a flick, the rebounded spear sliced the Invalid's tongue in two.

In that moment, the female Invalid surrounded by a heated golden radiance closed in. However, the heat emitting from her body charred the weaker Invalid's to dust, cutting down their number once more.

She grabbed toward Leonel who seemed to have not noticed her presence. But just before she made contact, she found a wall of green being thrown toward her.

The lizardman Invalid and female Invalid clashed, causing an exchange that left the latter on the losing end.

She was of the A-grade due to her uniquely high temperature Force, but her other stats were barely at the B-grade. It might have still been fine if all that happened was her clash with the lizardman Invalid, but how could she, with her dulled intelligence, be conscious enough to guess how insidious Leonel would be?

Using the disruption to her wall of Force caused by the lizardman, Leonel squeezed the blood and venom from the tongue in his hand onto his spear tip. With one swift motion, he attacked from the lizardman's back. The female Invalid couldn't even see the danger she was in before a cut not even a centimeter deep appeared on her thigh.

The two Invalids finally fell over, however in the blink of an eye, the two were incapacitated. One was paralyzed by poison while the other had had their entire frontside scorched, not to mention their pupils melted.

As though feeling this wasn't enough, Leonel appeared above them, grinning savagely as his foot stomped down onto their heads repeatedly. He was a complete madman, his laughter ringing out and echoing over the sunken walls of the large crater.

At that moment, the sound of shifting rubble caught Leonel's attention. He looked over to find Aina weakly pulling herself out from the collapsed home.

Aina too got her fair share of treasures, so of course she wouldn't lack a defensive treasure. The reason she had been out for such a long time was because the whiplash from suffering such a heavy blow had knocked her unconscious.

In order to match Baruke's 1.60 strength without activating her Force, she had been making use of several techniques and her battle sense, but how could she use either of those after the wererat sent her into a trance?

"Good… mate…"

Leonel spoke in a language Aina couldn't understand. In fact, even Leonel himself didn't understand the language, he could only vaguely sense that this primitive consciousness had some good feelings toward Aina, or else he could have stopped what happened next.

As though a man controlled by nothing but his love of fighting and his lust, Leonel pulled down his pants, revealing a rod that was quickly hardening.

Let alone Aina, even the inner consciousness of Leonel himself could only stare blankly at what was happening. It was true that he could regain control of his body whenever he wanted, but the sudden change made all his thoughts go white.

How would he face Aina in the future like this?

Aina's gaze flickered from Leonel's proud face to a certain thing that was now standing at full mast. She still hadn't reacted by the time Leonel was standing before her akimbo as though waiting for her to reciprocate his actions.

After a while, Aina seemed to realize something.

"… How do I wake him up…?" She mumbled to herself. "… I didn't expect to see that damned thing again so quickly…"

Leonel's consciousness went blank again. What the hell did she mean 'again'? And what was so 'damned' and 'thing-like' about his pride and joy?

Wait a minute, what did she mean by so quickly? Could it be that she would be alright with it if he was more patient?

Leonel's mind wandered a bit more before he realized how ridiculous his thoughts were. There was a far more pressing concern here! How was he going to get out of this?