Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel soon realized that the breakthrough of his mind in to the Fifth Dimension wasn't as much of a watershed moment as he thought it would be. But, he immediately picked out the reason.

The further away the rest of his body became from his true core Dimension, the less benefits from it that he would receive. If he wanted to truly benefit from a Fifth Dimensional mind, he would have to break into the Fifth Dimension.

In truth, Leonel's combat prowess was confusing to a lot of people, especially those who didn't understand his background. But, these people weren't at fault.

When one saw a young man in the Third Dimension being capable of fighting threats at the Quasi Fifth Dimensional level, taking a pause of confusion was only natural. But, there were multiple things to consider here.

Firstly, the Fourth Dimension in this corner of the universe meant far less than it did to a world with a Sixth Dimensional Peak, and likewise the same was true to a world with a Seventh Dimensional Peak and so on…

Leonel was born from a father from a Seventh Dimensional world and to a mother from a world with Eighth Dimensional potential. Every step forward he took was worth more than it was for another for this very reason.

A child born on a Seventh Dimensional world would start at the Third Dimension just like everyone else. But, only a fool would think that his existence within the Third Dimension was equivalent to a person born on Earth before the Metamorphosis. The fact that this child could even exist on a Seventh Dimensional world without collapsing from the pressure was more than enough to illustrate this.

Simply put, it was likely that if the current Leonel attempted to battle a genius from a Seventh Dimensional world, he would at best be able to match someone at Tier 3 or 4.

This breakthrough thus made it clear to Leonel just how important raising his foundational Dimension was. But, toward such a thing, he could only continue to be frustrated.

Breaking through wasn't as simple as swapping out the caliber of Force he used. He had to follow the [Dimensional Cleanse] technique he chose from the very beginning unless he wanted to switch to a completely new one. And, in order to do that, he would need to use the map Uncle Montez had given him.

The good news was that now that he had entered the Fifth Dimension with his Dream Force, he finally met the minimum requirements to actually read it. The bad news, however, was that he would need to leave Valiant Heart to do it.

Of course, Leonel didn't care about Valiant Heart. What he cared about was Aina…

In the past, this was all he cared about. But, the burden on Leonel's back right now was a constant reminder… He couldn't be as aimless as he was in the past.

Leonel shook his head. 'Aina is healed now. With her strength before, she was already a match for a Tier 7 genius Valiant Heart. Now, though, even I'm not sure of the limit of her strength, especially since unlike me, she's truly entered the Fourth Dimension.'

Leonel chuckled. His girlfriend just might be stronger than him. He wasn't sure if he could defeat her even if he used his Divine Armor.

But, he wasn't mad about this. After all… What King didn't need a Queen?

'We've outgrown this place. Aina will probably agree to leave with me.'

Leonel was confident in this. Aina's entire focus was on becoming stronger. If she felt that even her current strength wasn't enough for revenge, then that could only mean that the Brazinger family had more secrets than even he knew.

But, this was good. Leonel's goals and Aina's goals didn't diverge. They could rise to the top together.

Leonel's eyes sharpened as he released a low shout.

In that moment, the tablet finally reached the end. But, at this point, not only had Leonel entered the Fifth Dimension with his Dream Force, he felt that his bottlenecks all the way up to the Tier 9 Fourth Dimensional Metal Body had all been blasted wide open.

'What a reward indeed…'

If this was all Leonel received for his two years of labor in that Zone, it would still be worth it. Yet, from what he could tell, this was just a by product of the true reward which must be this tablet.

Observing the tablet, Leonel immediately noticed something.

'These patterns… They're the same…? No, they're far more complex, but they're definitely derivative.'

Leonel couldn't read the ancient markings on the silver tablet. But, he recognized the patterns as being quite similar to the ones on the ring that thrust him into this situation.

To make matters more curious… Leonel couldn't help but notice that the ring that had been on his palm was nowhere to be seen.

However, before he drew any conclusions, he chose to remain reserved. After all, even now, he still couldn't sense Little Tolly, so maybe he needed to leave this place first.

Leonel shook his head and began to organize all the information the tablet had flooded into his mind. Due to the fact he had gotten distracted, he allowed all his more than a thousand split minds to handle it while he thought.

But, he had hardly gotten to the first bit of information when he froze completely.

'What…?'

The moment Leonel ran across this bit of information, he left his Dream World and focused on the tablet in his hand. He looked at it as though it was a cross between the most terrifying things in the world and a treasure from the heavens on high.

It was then that Leonel's mind was absorbed into the tablet, bringing to another world of fog. But, compared to the one he had just been in, this one was far less bright, oozing out a darkness that made one's spine tingle.

However, Leonel wasn't focused on any of this at all.

Rather, all around him, hovering like greyed out, floating spirits, faces he recognized all too well were present.

Rollan… Goggles… Elise…Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎