Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Aina looked deeply into Leonel's eyes. Once again, she saw that look – that look that told her she wouldn't be able to change his mind.

This was something she hadn't been used to seeing from Leonel. She felt that on some level, she always had a chance to shift his line of thinking. Whether it was by coaxing or logic, she felt that she always had such a possibility even if the likelihood was small.

Yet, this was twice now in less than a day she had seen this look. She could feel a higher purpose coming from Leonel, one that came with no less determination than her will to see the Brazinger family brought to its knees.

"… Leonel." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Hm?"

Despite their sexually charged position and state, the couple seemed to enter a serious exchange.

"What is it that you want to do? Say it to me clearly."

Leonel looked into Aina's eyes, seeing himself reflected within her golden irises. Eventually, his gaze became so intense that he could even see two floating balls of violet within them.

"I will change this world." Leonel said evenly.

Aina's gaze narrowed. "… How?"

Change this world? Was such a thing even possible? That would practically be trying to change human nature. At such a point, one might as well say that they wanted to become a Deity.

"By having the largest fist."

"You…"

Aina was speechless. She was quite well aware that as a girlfriend, her duty, at the very least, was to support Leonel in all his dreams and aspirations. But, wasn't it also her job to tell him when something was impossible?

Aina's view of the world had been jaded for a long time. With her disposition, it was a miracle that she had even opened herself up to a relationship with Leonel in the first place. It could be said that it was a mixture of Leonel's timing being perfect and her having suppressed her feelings for him for too long.

Right now, though… Even though the look in Leonel's eyes made her heart tremble, even though his confidence made him far more attractive than he had ever been, even though she really wanted to smile brightly and say that she would support him to the very end…

She couldn't bring herself to do so.

She found herself wanting to pull Leonel back, to stop him from treading down an impossible path. She almost wanted him to go back to his old self. Even if she had to deal with his long hair. Even if she had to deal with him being aimless. Even if the shadow of his grandfather still lingered over head.

However, she could see it once again for a third time… That light in his eyes that said it was impossible…

Inwardly, she felt disgusted with herself when she had such thoughts.

How long had Leonel spent unselfishly following her wishes? Even now, she could tell that he had no intention of abandoning her. In fact, he might even be more determined and confident now to help her than he ever had been before.

But at the moment, she felt like Leonel was running on a path to infinity. She couldn't see the end of it, but what she could see were all the pitfalls that dotted even the first stretch, let alone the abyssal blackholes that lay ahead.

Aina suddenly felt her heart constricting again, her breathing hitching as though there wasn't enough air in the room. She was already in the beginning stages of another panic attack before she even truly understood what was happening.

It was at that moment that she felt two sturdy hands tighten on her hips.

Aina looked into Leonel's eyes, still finding it a bit difficult to calm down. But, every time she felt like she might slip into another fit, she would always sense those sturdy hands.

Aina collapsed on Leonel's chest, seemingly having been sapped of all her strength.

The soothing feeling of Leonel's hand stroking her hair and the sound of his heartbeat against her ear seemed to help her own heartrate calm.

"I… Don't want to lose you." Aina said softly.

Leonel didn't respond. He didn't know if there was anything he could say to this.

He realized that while these last two years had brought him great changes to his character, the same couldn't be said for Aina. But… He should have expected as much.

He had spent these last 24 months in an entirely new world, meeting people, forming relationships and ties… Taking on responsibilities he never had before.

But, in Aina's case, she had spent the last two years in that very same constant battle. Though her body had grown and her strength had become greater, there was no such opportunity for her. If anything, she only sunk further and further into her fear of losing him.

Leonel could easily see how his decision could make Aina feel as though she was jumping out of a frying pan and into a fire. She had just got him back but she felt that she was losing him again.

But, Leonel didn't see it this way. Was there really a problem if they simply took every step together? If they grew as one, rose to the top as a pair, would she still have to worry?

Leonel continued to run his fingers through Aina's hair. There were some things that words couldn't fix and only actions could show. So, he would show her.

The couple fell into a light sleep and were only awakened two days later by Leonel sensing someone trying to reach them.

"Yip! Yip!"

Little Blackstar hopped into Leonel's arms after he got dressed, causing the latter to laugh.

"Yes, yes. I missed you too buddy." Leonel smiled, stroking the little guy's fur. "I've got big plans for you Little Blackstar, are you ready?"

The little mink blinked curiously at Leonel. But, he only smiled mysteriously toward this curiosity.

Not long later, Leonel and Aina both left the Segmented Cube, only to find a group of elders led by Magnaril waiting outside the small shop.