Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Your battle over the next few days will be against both the terrain and the geniuses of other Bronze Organizations. The more victories you claim, the more protection Valiant Heart will gain.

"The first round will be a battle for placement. It will require your teamwork and strength. As for the details of this, it is unimportant for now. It will be best if you take in the terrain and circumstances yourselves over the next few hours.

"However, what I will explain is which enemies you will face."

Head Hutchin didn't looked toward the group of youths. From beginning to end, his eyes remained closed as though he was visualizing everything in his mind. It was difficult to tell just what he was thinking.

"There are three other Bronze Organizations competing in this Gathering – Misty Woods, Rusted Blade, and Crimson Hall.

"Of these three, Crimson Hall is the most murderous, Rusted Blade has the most offensive strength, and Misty Woods has the most mysterious and unpredictable methods.

"The Head Student of Misty Woods is known as Wissan Shathana. His ability is classified under the Energy Shield Ability Index and has reached the Misdirection Stage.

"The Head Student of Rusted Blade is known as Rafthin Valeth. His ability is classified under the Physical Strength Ability Index and has reached the Explosion Stage.

"The Head Student of Crimson Hall is known as Emna Beiceran. Her ability is classified under the Blade Affinity Ability Index and has reached the Body as Blade Stage." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Leonel listened to all of this silently, slotting in these individuals into certain positions within his mind.

The Energy Shield Ability Index was separated into Partiality, Misdirection, Nullification, Reflection, and Amplification. This Wissan was at the second stage of five. This allowed him to change the direction of attacks aimed for him, which was a step above Partiality which allowed for a percentage based blocking of an attack and a step below Nullification which negated attacks entirely.

The Physical Strength Ability Index was among the most straight forward. It was separated into Power, Explosion, and Pull. Though there were only three stages as far as Leonel knew, the separation between each was quite large. Those at Explosion were quite rare and were separated from those at the Power Stage by being able to implement their strength in an instant without any build up.

Finally, the Blade Affinity Ability Index was probably the most interesting. It was split into Sense, Feel, Body as Blade, Union and Transcendence. Much like most fifth stages, Transcendence could only be reached by Savants. But, Body as Blade allowed one to use close combat techniques as though their every body part was another blade.

Though Head Hutchin hadn't explained what Star Level these abilities were at, even if they were all at Three Stars within their individual stages Leonel couldn't help but come to one conclusion…

Weak.

The abilities weren't very unique or enigmatic. Sael's ability alone seemed to blow them out of the water. When Aphestus and Raylion were added into the mix, such a group shouldn't stand a single chance. This realization made it difficult for Leonel to wrap his mind around where all this worry was coming from. Until, that is, Head Hutchin spoke again.

"This information I have given you is what we've been able to gather over the last two decades. But, everything seems to point toward it being outdated. There is also a good chance that these three have become nothing but puppet Student Heads while the true powerhouses are covertly hidden within their shadows.

"All I can say is to remain alert… We are here."

The rattling of the ship came to a sudden halt.

Head Hutchin's eyes finally opened as he stood to his full height. He moved to the hull of the ship, his aura suddenly flashing.

With a BANG! the large doors of the ship suddenly swung open.

The influx of wind threatened to throw them all from their seats. Even with Leonel's hair barely being about two to three inches in length now, it still whipped about furiously.

The sound of blades sharpening resounded as the winds lashed out across Leonel's skin. He couldn't help but look down at himself, only to find shallow white marks being left all across his chest and torso.

Since he was representing Valiant Heart, both he and Aina had no choice but to wear their official uniform so his upper body was almost completely bare. And, unlike everyone else who reacted with their Force Skin, he had been confident in his body's defenses.

Yet, even then, this wind was still leaving marks as though he was being whipped. Plus, if he let things keep going like this, even if he would be fine, his pants would be torn to shreds.

Leonel's eyes glowed a faint violet. At that moment, a subtle and imperceptible sheen spread across his body.

The next blade of wind that whipped against him shattered and scattered into the air.

Aina awoke, her cheek rising from Leonel's shoulder.

"Student Aina Brazinger." Head Hutchin's voice suddenly spoke out. "From this moment on, you will be the Head Student of Valiant Hall."

Whether by coincidence or design, everyone seemed to turn their attention toward Raylion. Yet, they found nothing but indifference. There was not even a sign of a clench fist or jaw. He simply rose from his seat.

Aina blinked but didn't react with much more than a nod.

Head Hutch and the four mysterious elders took the lead with every expectation that their new Head Student would take the lead of the others.

Leonel smiled and bowed magnanimously toward Aina.

"My esteemed Head Student, I will cross into the fires of hell to follow your lead!"

Aina rolled her eyes and blinked toward the hull's doors.

Down below, an expanse of white fog was all that could be seen. If one was sharp, though, it was possible to make out that the ground was about 50 meters below. Unfortunately, in such an environment, the takeoff of a ship couldn't be guaranteed, so it could only be docked in the air where it was easier to maintain its lift.

Without much hesitation, Aina leapt after the five elders.