Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

No one expected for Leonel to survive a single exchange. But, by some means only known to himself and the three men who chased after him, he had managed to do exactly that, streaking toward the collapsed seating section Heira's dead body was currently sliding down from, a trail of blood following her descent.

The three Fifth Dimensional guards' heavy step shattered the ground even more resoundingly than anything Leonel could have accomplished. But, the result was them being trapped knee deep for just a moment.

In that instant of time, they had a horrifying thought… Had he done it on purpose…?

Even if Leonel was trying to get rid of Milan as quickly as possible, shattering the arena with his foot before was still overkill, no? Could he really have shattered it for the expressed purpose of facilitating their entrapment?

If the arena wasn't so damaged to begin with, a simple falter of their steps wouldn't have forced them to lag behind for so long, let alone be trapped knee deep.

The intuition of a Fifth Dimensional expert was scary despite the fact none of them had mental abilities. Whether it was true or not, a hint of caution was birthed in their hearts. But, by the time they ripped themselves out from the ground, their heads snapped in the direction of Leonel, he was already three quarters of the way to the collapsed seating arrangements.

The guards immediately reacted, shooting toward Leonel and catching up quickly. But, they were soon horrified to find Leonel picking up Heira's corpse by the neck and throwing it hard into the crowd.

It was as though they were watching their own hearts being thrown across the room.

They obviously had no feelings for Heira. In fact, in the last two years, not many had good opinions toward her at all. She seemed to have sunk into an obsession and all her time was spent in a rage. Taking on the task of guarding her was already thankless, but now even those horrors seemed benign to what was happening now.

To the Milky Way Guild, this wasn't just about losing a family member of the Head. Heira was hardly worth much in the eyes of Augustus, or else Anared would have never had the chance to marry her in the first place.

This was an issue of face and prestige.

They were called the Milky Way Guild. This entire galaxy was meant to be beneath their thumb. Even the Shield Cross Stars branches in their territory had to listen to the whims of a child of theirs who didn't hold real power in this galaxy.

And yet, now one of their own had not only been publicly assassinated, but was even being thrown about like a rag doll.

One of the guards had no choice but to split from the group, leaving booming concentric circles of air as he went toward Heira's arching corpse.

p an da no v el The two remaining redoubled their efforts, seething as they shot for Leonel. It was as though with his every action, they witnessed their chances at surviving this ordeal slipping further and further away.

Leonel landed heavily on the shattered seating section, his expression cold and indifferent. He didn't even glance toward Havoc who was trembling in a corner barely two arms' reaches from him.

The latter clung to a slab of broke rock, trying not to fall below. But, his trembling hands seemed to want to forsake him entirely.

Leonel, though, simply struck out a palm, causing the already partially collapsed rock to shatter completely under a combination of his Earth Elemental Force and his power.

Even in his escape, Leonel took the most efficient route, not wasting even the slightest bit of effort he didn't have to.

Leonel dove into the hole he created and stepped into the hallway. His body rippled, several clones of himself splitting in all direction as the hold behind him sealed completely shut.

google p an da no v el Not even a split moment later, the two guards shot through, but what they saw left them frozen.

Hundreds of Leonel's ran in every direction.

With the shape of the pillar, the building plan of this settlement was based out a circular circumference. The arena had been like a nestled egg within this circumference and had a hallway that wrapped all the way around it.

In order to accommodate such a large number of people, though, this hallway was wide, being at least 20 meters thick. And, at the same time, it had numerous exits, entrances, stalls, shops and even teleportation formations.

Leonel took full advantage of it all, his clones rushing toward every location like a swarm of locusts. His skill in [Harmonic Spear] had reached such an impossible point that even sustaining so many to complete so many different actions was as easy as thinking it.

Still, the guards reacted quickly. In their experience, clones were just visual tricks. They'd be able to easily pick out the real one by using their Internal Sight. How could a Third Dimensional brat hide from them?

But, to their horror, no matter how diligently they swept through the grand hallway, they saw nothing more than the same images of refracting light. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In a rage, one of the guards shot a fist toward the Leonel clone, only to find that it passed right through as though he was touching nothing more than air. And, to add insult to injury, the clone continued to run like nothing had happened, still pretending to be one of Leonel.

...

The real Leonel had long since stepped through the cracks. search p an da no v el As for why the guards couldn't find him? That was because his Internal Sight was far beyond the two of theirs.

Not only could Internal Sight be used to sense, it could also be used to protect from the Internal Sight of others. Against two guards at the very beginning stages of the Fifth Dimension, did he even have to worry about such a thing?

But, the prerequisite for him continuing to hide like this was in sustaining as many clones as possible. Unfortunately, that would be impossible the further from them he got.

Leonel, though, was already prepared for this possibility. The true games would begin when he stepped onto Planet Vincero.