Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel leapt from pillar to pillar, his speed melding his body with the wind. He seemed completely unaffected by it all, his senses spread out over a large region.

He spotted every single one of the Force Arts monitoring him, but dealing with them would be troublesome. He had the thought of going to the control room of the Milky Way Guild's settlement to deal with all of them at once, but he knew that that idea would never bear fruit, so he didn't waste any time on it.

Not only would he have not known where the control room was, he also had a feeling that there would be someone powerful monitoring the situation there very soon. By the time he found it, such a person would have been enough to paint him into a corner.

He wished that he could have mapped out the entire building into his mind, but there were too much defensive structures and blockades getting in his way. So he simply had to deal with the fact his actions were being watched.

'I'll have to look into creating a new ability around that. It will probably require a unique method of utilizing Dream Force. Being able to map out an entire building with a single touch might come in handy in the future…'

Leonel made it to the first location very quickly. The last pillar waved about before a cave entrance carved into the tall face of a mountain. It was practically impossible to reach this place unless one took the path the sway pillars provided.

'[Light Refraction].'

Leonel's silhouette vanished.

In these years, his skills in casting Mage Arts had reached a completely different level. The only reason he hadn't cast the upgraded [Light Refraction] until now was because it wouldn't have mattered. Anyone with a sharp eye would be able to pick out the subtle shifts in motion the pillars he stepped on would have, thus resulting in him being exposed anyway.

But now that he was entering the mountain range, the situation was different and it would be easier for him to hide.

Leonel wasn't na?ve enough to believe that he would be so lucky as to stumble into an empty mine. A working establishment like this one, especially on a planet they settle upon for its resources, definitely wouldn't allow there to a be a time where their mines weren't being worked on.

'If there was ever going to be a world I was stranded on and needed to get out of, I would definitely choose this one. This Disaster World most definitely as a high number of Wind Elemental Ores, without a doubt. In addition, it should have a high number of very durable Ores as well.'

Leonel flipped over his palm, entering the mine as he brought the dictionary out.

Though he could use his Internal Sight to scan for Ores, why would he waste his stamina like this? He had to conserve as much energy at all time as he could. Plus, the dictionary was excellent at these things.

The walls of the mine clearly showed the frequency of its use. Rather than being in a perpetual darkness, it was lined with what Leonel could only describe as exotic torches. They seemed to hold flickering flames, but when one looked closely, it turned out to be a collection of miniature Force Arts dancing about like fireflies.

It was quite a unique invention Leonel had never seen before. But, it still only took him a glance to formulate its blueprint in his mind.

'Interesting.'

Leonel turned away from the exotic torches and continued to walk down the well made tunnels. He was careful not to displace any small rocks at his feet nor leave any footprints. Toward that end, he had brought out his heavy spear, using its Domain to decrease his own weight to an extreme.

"Scan the surroundings. What Ores can I find in this mountain range?"

[ *Ping* ]

Leonel listened carefully, blocking out the sounds from reaching others. However, the list was far longer than he expected, causing him to cut the dictionary off.

"What Ores are easily accessible?"

[ *Ping*]

This list was far more manageable, though still quite long.

'If I want to make a getaway ship, functionality shouldn't be the only requirement. In fact, it should only be the bare minimum requirement.'

Teleporting in space was almost impossible. One would first need to make it to another planet before they could think to do this.

The reason for this is because space did not have Force. Force was birthed from planets, moons and stars, and would occasionally be present in other celestial bodies as well.

If one wanted to teleport in the absence of Spatial Force, the only way would be if you practiced a Force Technique that allowed you to store Spatial Force, if you had a natural ability related to Spatial Force, or if you had an incredibly rare store of Spatial Force Crystals.

In addition, even if you had those things, due to the absence of other Forces in space, detecting and tracking Spatial Force fluctuations also became far easier. This meant that one's whereabouts could be located in an instant and followed.

Obviously, Leonel had access to none of these things. So, his only option was to make it from Planet Vincero to the next closest planet where he could then teleport. Hoping, of course, that this planet wasn't another Disaster World.

This meant that Leonel needed a ship strong enough to survive and break out of Planet Vincero's atmosphere. And, he would also need a ship fast and nimble enough to escape any pursuit he might suffer as a result.

Was he a madman for thinking he could do this when he had never done it before?

Yes.

Did he care?

No.

Leonel grinned to himself. This would be fun.

'Sit tight, Aina. I'll be back soon.'

**

At that moment, a woman holding a bottle of liquor stumbled out of a teleportation formation, her eyes blurred and her tongue licked her lips and teeth like she had an addiction to doing so.

She wore a tight one piece that extended from her ankles all the way up to her shoulders and down her wrists. But, it had a deep V-line down the middle that almost exposed her belly button. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Her chest wasn't very busty, so she could get away with such clothing without too much worry. But, they were still just busty enough to outline two round mounds few could take their eyes off of.

She took a swig of her liquor and stumbled forward, only to be caught by the arm by someone who teleported in after her.

Soon, a formation of four was formed, but the lady seemed too enamored with her liquor to speak to any of them.

"Shouldn't we get to business, Manson? What did the old man task us with?"