Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"What is this supposed to mean?"

Joel stood as the core of the group, he knew that he had to. If he let anyone else lead the conversation, there would definitely be some words exchanged that couldn't be taken back. It was his duty to at least try to keep things as amicable as he could, but even he was on the verge of losing his temper.

They had all been worried about Leonel. This state of ignorance they were all in just made things a million times worse, especially since they were all forced to stay here without the ability to interfere.

It could be said that their nerves were fried, their tempers were short and their fuses were even shorter. It was a powder keg that was difficult to keep control of, even for Joel.

He could barely keep the edge of aggression from his voice, his tone even and calm. At that moment, he wished he could detach himself as easily as Leonel did.

At that moment, Yuri stood with several things in her hands.

One was the Segmented Cube that Leonel almost always left with Aina these days. It was one of his most important treasures, and it was the closest thing to home he had. His reasons, then, for leaving it with Aina so often was clear.

He wanted her to know that he would always return, that she was where his heart was and only with her could he truly unwind and relax.

The second was a talisman that lay on top of it. From time to time, the talisman would light up as though someone was trying to make use of it. But, Joel knew enough about the Dimensional Verse now to know that anyone who wasn't Aina that tried to use this would trigger something he wasn't sure if he was ready to handle just yet.

Joel was certain that this was a mechanism Leonel had left behind to protect Aina. If anyone other than her used it, it would begin recording and relaying the situation back. He knew that if Leonel knew what was happening now, regardless of the danger, he would cut a path back. But that would only end up harming himself.

Aina stood a step behind Yuri, her golden eyes reflecting the pulsing light of the talisman. Every time it happened, her gaze seemed to become more and more dead, the paleness of her skin reaching the point of sickliness.

She could almost see Leonel on the other side. He should have been focused on his escape, but once or twice a minute he would pour his Force into his own talisman, checking to see if Aina had 'left' the restrictions of the pillar.

The third thing was the necklace Aina always wore. Leonel had made it for her 19th birthday. Since that moment, she had never taken it off.

The necklace was more than just a pretty gift. That day Leonel gave it to her was the day she was finally open about the feelings she had for him. She had almost forced herself onto Leonel for fear that if she hadn't done so, she would lose him forever.

Leonel had disappeared for months back then, working on the Crafts that helped them win the war against Terrain. Aina could still remember every feeling of horror, pain and anxiety she had experienced in those months. But that necklace was like a promise that he'd always protect her.

The last thing was her mask.

As sentimental as the other things were, Aina found this to be the second hardest to part with. Every item was like a piece of her soul she was giving away, but this one felt different for some reason.

A mask should have been worn in shame or when one wanted to hide. If any other man had given her such a thing, Aina might have assigned it with feelings of self loathing and hate.

And yet, when Leonel gave it to her, she could feel the care put behind it. He didn't give it to her because he was ashamed of her face, he hadn't given it to her because he wanted to help her hide either… He had only given it to her for the sake of helping her live in peace.

Everyday of her existence had been a constant torture. The pain, the itchiness, the constant reminder that her face was forever marred by the people she hated most in the world, that her mother had likely experienced far worse than just this…

Until she received this mask. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

It was as though she had stepped into a new world, one that didn't always have to be filled with agony and remembrance of the worst memories of her life. Instead, whenever she woke up and didn't feel the discomfort she had long become used to, she instead felt the care and affection of the man who poured his heart and soul into making it for her.

Aina's eyes reddened, but no more tears fell. Even in her previous unconscious state, she had flooded her cheeks with more than her body could account for. At the moment, even if she wanted to cry more, she couldn't force anything else out.

So she stood there, her lips pressed into a line of silence, her skin paling with every passing moment, her eyes losing the golden glow they once had…

"What is this supposed to mean? I've said it already," Yuri spoke calmly, "Please pass on these things to Leonel. We have to leave now."

"What. Is. That. Supposed. To. Mean."

Joel emphasized his words one at a time, the edge of his voice being more and more difficult to hide almost like an ever sharpening blade.

"It can mean whatever you want it to mean. Aina has not met her father in over a decade and I plan on taking her to him. This is the most I will tell you. Now will you take these things or not?"