Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel dashed down tunnel after tunnel. He had already lost count of the number of miners he had come across. In fact, he had to give up on some valuable deposits for exactly this reason, realizing that it wasn't worth the risk.

It shouldn't have been too difficult to accumulate how much material he needed, especially since it was a ship only meant to carry himself, but the task ended up being more difficult than he gave it credit for. It seemed that he would either have to buy a ship in the future that he could modify to his standards, or he would just have to build one completely from scratch with more time on his hands.

As Leonel went from location to location, being forced to abandon what seemed like half of them due to too much activity, he grilled the dictionary on the danger of space.

Once his head cooled down from the adrenaline, he realized just how crazy his own idea was. Jumping out into space just because he felt like it was the move of a maniac. Who knew what kind of dangers were out there?

Unfortunately, this adrenaline didn't come from escaping as one might think. It was instead due to the creeping feeling at the back of his mind that only seemed to get worse every time he sent a string of Force into his talisman.

Leonel shook his head, dodging around a corner and pressing himself flat against a wall.

Two miners walked past him with light steps, neither realizing that they had just been less than half an arm's reach from a criminal their entire organization was scouring Planet Vincero for.

Leonel had an advantage right now. Though he had been forced to reveal some of his skill as a Force Crafter in order to activate the deactivated teleportation formations, there was no way they could guess he would have the skill to build his own ship.

The question remained, then… What did they think he was doing? Did they believe that he was waiting to die?

It was more likely than not that they believed he was waiting to be rescued. In that case, what course of action would they take?

Obviously, anyone confident in saving him would be a true rival of the Milky Way Guild. That means that the Guild would definitely turn most of their resources toward preparing for this enemy.

What did this mean? It meant that Leonel could safely conclude that at least within a day or two, at most a handful of elites would be coming after him as the Guild entered a state of war.

Leonel was only helped by the fact his actions seemed like their own declaration of war. The Milky Way Guild probably thought that some great power was targeting them by first staining their prestige. What would be a greater stain than Leonel escaping unscathed?

Of course… How could Leonel have not already considered all of this? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Leonel slid past another group and rounded another corner.

His arm suddenly shot forward, his actions looking like he wanted to punch a hole through the rock face. And yet, there wasn't even a single sound or ripple as Leonel's arm slipped right in.

Beads of sweat fell from Leonel's brow as Little Tolly wiggled around his arm, slipping through a narrow crack and appearing at the tips of the fingers he had pierced into the wall.

With deft movements, Little Tolly devoured a large cavity around the ore Leonel was aiming for before the ore vanished into his spatial ring.

Leonel pulled his arm out along with Little Tolly and sprinted away. The wall his arm had just been through seemed completely untouched.

Leonel gulped down huge breaths as he ran. That was already the dozenth time he had completed that action and he felt he was already pushing himself past his limits. That should be enough for now, if he didn't recover, he would end up placing himself at risk.

Using Spatial Force, especially without activating his Divine Armor first, was really taxing for Leonel. Unfortunately, activating his Divine Armor alone was even more taxing.

Leonel could only blame himself for this, honestly. He had been overly ambitious in creating his Divine Armor, so he made use of Evolution Ores in the process. As a result, an Armor that should have been Peak Fourth Dimensional at best, was comparable to the Fifth Dimension already. The fact he could use it at all was a miracle.

The good news was that as Leonel grew, he wouldn't need to replace his Divine Armor so quickly. And, once he broke through, his Spatial affinity would sky rocket.

The bad news, however, was that he needed to deal with it being an extraordinarily heavy weight to him for now.

'This is enough. I just need to find a quiet place.'

Leonel had already collected enough ores to fill his five by five by five meter spatial ring to the brim. Luckily, he had some snowglobes he always kept on hand to give him some breathing room in this regard, or else he might not have had enough.

Using the dictionary, Leonel found a location with plenty of escape routes and not a single soul within 200 meters worth of tunnels. After deploying numerous detection throughout all tunnels, he immediately got to work, pulling out all the ores he needed.

At the same time, the over 500 split minds he had assigned toward designing the blue print of the ship had already formulated several iterations and tested them all using the information about space the dictionary had given.

'Let's go Little Tolly.'

Leonel's gaze suddenly became ice cold. He threw every distracting thought from his mind, turning all of his thinking power, aside from what he reserved for Dream Counter, toward the task at hand. Not only would this be his most difficult Craft to date, but he had to complete it within a day, preferably a half day.

'Three hours. I give myself three hours.'