Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Joel. Milan. Raj. Drake. Franco. Arnold. Gil. Allan. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

[Author's Note: No need to remember these names. I'll mention them so often in the future and with small reminders of who they are that they'll become your brothers too, lmao]

"Are you sure about this, Cap?" Joel asked. "After what happened on Planet Vincero, even though we're talented compared to their normal students, they're pretty much drawing a line between us and them. Something like taking them over from the inside would be difficult with how cautious they're being."

The group nodded in confirmation. Even while they were here, they were likely being monitored by someone or something. The only reason they weren't worried enough to warn Leonel was because they were sure that he wasn't stupid enough to come here without any sort of plan or counter to that.

That said… Leonel's next words made them question themselves.

"Oh right! Speaking of which, where are we right now?"

The group looked toward Leonel as though he was a madman. He had just escaped the pursuit of Fifth Dimensional entities, and it could even be argued that the only reason he managed to do so was because of the element of surprise.

Now, however, whoever came to track him down would be prepared and likely even more informed about all his abilities. He wouldn't just be able to wiggle his way out of this again so casually.

The fact he didn't even know where they were currently was a huge red flag. But, seeing how careless he seemed about it all, they were too speechless to reprimand him.

"… This is an Allied Planet, Cap." Gil spoke out.

Gil was Leonel's favorite receiver outside of James when they were on the football field. Rather than playing tight end like James, though, he played wide receiver. And, in fact, he was the one who caught the game winning touchdown in the final play after coach subbed James out in a rage.

He was a tall man, only an inch or two shorter than Leonel. But, he was quite lanky. In truth, his body composition and poor posture was eerily reminiscent of Aphestus. It was just that Leonel knew quite well that Gil wasn't nearly as jacked as Aphestus was. He had always said muscle training messed up his hand-eye coordination.

"Allied?" Leonel blinked, he had never heard this term before.

"Yeah. A lot of worlds are under joint ownership like this. They also double as pretty good entertainment centers and trade hubs. After this, we should definitely hit the strip club."

Gil's usually lanky and lazy appearance lit up when he reached this point. Leonel had wondered why the usually laid back brat had so graciously decided to explain things to him. It seemed that this was his purpose all along.

In their group, it could be said that the second biggest pervert outside of James was definitely Gil. Who knew how many hearts he had broken in Royal Blue Academy with that casually handsome face of his. That 5 o'clock shadow he could never bother to shave completely off and his swooping dirty blond hair left those poor girls not standing a chance.

Leonel chuckled. "Maybe later."

"Ah!" Gil almost leapt from his seat. "Did someone take over your body, cap?! Lemme check!"

Gil almost leapt across the table, expressing his shock in the most ridiculous of ways. But, he couldn't get very far before Franco palmed him in the face.

Seemingly knowing exactly what was going to happen next, Arnold, who sat between the two of them, put a hand to both of their chests, keeping them apart.

"Are you trying to go, Elephant Ears?!" Gil snapped, his sharp nose leaking droplets of blood.

"Can't you see there's food on the table, Quasimodo? I don't want your BO stinking up my meal."

Gil and Franco had a… Love-hate relationship.

While Gil played wide receiver, Franco played cornerback, the latter of which was meant to defend against the former. It could be said that they were at war during every practice. One would think that they were enemies rather than teammates.

Franco was quite known for his overly large body parts. He had big feet, big hands and big ears. Somehow, it all came together for him in a pretty nice package. At the very least, he wasn't ugly. But, that wouldn't stop Gil from going at him.

Ironically, Arnold, who had stopped the two of them, had pretty much the same relationship with Milan due to on the field stuff. Arnold's gut was just as big as Milan's and his chest and arms were just as solid and robust. The palms of his hands were probably even bigger than Franco's, completely stopping the two men from leaping at one another.

This was quite helpful to Arnold. After all, he played defensive tackle while Milan played center. Their battles during practice were quite infamous as well.

Leonel watched all of this with a smile on his face. How long had it been? It seemed that in his obsession with Aina, he had neglected his brothers. The fact they weren't blaming him now when he knew they had every right to do so only made him affirm his resolve to not forget them again.

"Of course, we can go later." Leonel laughed.

"No, Cap, for real. Did someone mess with your head?"

The entire group looked over. Since when would Leonel ever agree to go to a strip club?

This time, though, it was Allan who slapped the back of Gil's head. It was 'obvious' to him that Leonel was just trying to get over Aina. Why were you asking so many questions about it?

Leonel chuckled and shook his head.

"I once read somewhere that the places people are most vulnerable and open is a place like a brothel or a strip club. I wonder how much information is hidden in those walls?"

The group blinked as they looked at Leonel. Gil rubbed the back of his head, glaring at Allan. But, even he stopped and looked at Leonel when he heard this 'explanation'.

Go to the strip club for… 'information'? Riiiiiight…