Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Gil's ability was related to the Lightning Element. But, rather than falling into the second category like Raj, his own fell into the third category like Supreme Monet's. Instead of gaining access to volume, power or an evolution, he gained access to special abilities as his Lightning progressed.

From what Leonel could tell, these abilities were all related to speed, making Gil a speedster, albeit not a Pure Speedster, but one that relied on the Elements.

Still, after some inspection, Leonel realized that Gil's ability was more subtle than that and worked especially well on the nervous system. The good news was that it didn't just work well on his nervous system, but that of others as well.

Having come to this conclusion, it was easier for Leonel to map out Gil's next steps with Dream Path. He would focus not only on his speed, but also preventive measures in battle. He would be very effective at area control alongside Raj and Milan.

Following this, Leonel moved on to Arnold. After a while of observation, he couldn't help but be intrigued.

"Explain your ability to me, Arnold."

Arnold held up his large hands. The simple action caused the rippling muscles and veins along his arms to flex and pop. One would have thought just from this sight that he had a strength based ability, but this was far from the truth.

"I'm not sure what to call it," Arnold started in his gravelly voice, "but my palm shoots out energy that has strong vibrations."

Leonel couldn't help but smile at Arnold's simple and direct answer. One would have thought that his deep, raspy voice hurt his throat to use because this was about as many words as he would say in a single sitting.

"Do it." Leonel said.

Arnold blinked but didn't think much of it as he shot a palm toward Leonel.

Leonel's pale violet eyes glowed as he matched it with his own palm.

BANG!

The table beneath their blow splintered and shattered.

"Ah! No!" Raj dove after the food, displaying a nimbleness his large body had no business having.

Leonel's eyes widened. The sleeve of the tracksuit he had swapped into was torn to shreds, revealing the toned arms beneath.

Unable to hold it in, the chair beneath him shattered, sending him tumbling backward.

Even after Leonel's hand separated from Arnold's, he could still feel it trembling on an almost cellular level. If it wasn't for his Metal Body, his arm might have already burst at the seams, but he could tell that Arnold had most definitely held back. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Wow…"

Leonel felt that Arnold's ability fell into a unique category.

Every so often, an ability without an Ability Index would appear. Sael's odd flower pupil ability was among these. There was no strict Ability Index for her and she could only gradually strengthen her ability and find out its particular quirks on her own. Do you want to read more chapters? Come to p a n d a - n ovel,c.o.m

At first glance, Arnold's ability seemed similar to Big Buddha who had been killed by Leonel in the Camelot Zone. This ability would fall into the Palm Affinity Ability Index and be categorized by power, size and the quality of Force it produced.

However, there were many problems with this categorization.

Firstly, Big Buddha's hand physically expanded, but Arnold's did not. And, second and most importantly, this unique Force that Arnold produced was on a level all to its own.

It was one thing to induce vibrations, but to do it on a cellular level was a different beast entirely. What if Arnold's ability increased to the point he could do it on a molecular level? What about an atomic level? What about an even deeper level than that?

Of course, it had to be considered that Leonel's body was only at the Fourth Dimension, so Arnold might not have such an affect when facing someone at the Fifth or higher Dimension. But, the potential was striking nonetheless.

'Fascinating…' Leonel's eyes glowed.

"And your Universal Cycles?"

"I mastered them all." Arnold replied simply.

The group of brothers all looked toward Arnold as though he was some sort of monster. Even the best among them, Joel, had only mastered two. When was he planning to tell them that he had already grasped all of them on his own?

Leonel began to laugh beside himself. This was just like Arnold. He didn't present information that wasn't asked for. And, even then, it would depend on how much he liked you. If you weren't a friend of his, he wouldn't even bother to answer a question that had been asked.

This was probably why Arnold wasn't among the seeded geniuses. His organization probably had no idea how powerful he was.

"And have you touched the Heavenly Body Realm?"

Beyond the Four Seasons Realm was the Heavenly Body Realm. Knowing Arnold, even if he did succeed, he wouldn't say a word. So, Leonel decided to purposely ask.

Arnold wasn't the smartest in the room. However, there was something about his straight forward and stoic personality that made him an absolute beast when it came to comprehending such arts. He knew what he wanted and he never overthought things. This was a deadly combination when it came to reaching Realms that often relied on feel…

So, when Arnold gave his answer, Leonel wasn't surprised in the least.

"I have a small grasp of The Meteor."

Leonel exhaled a light breath along with everyone else.

While the Four Seasons Realm was split into concepts of Summer, Winter, Spring and Fall, the Heavenly Body Realm conceptualized four levels of Heavenly Body… The Meteor, The Moon, The Planet and The Stars.

To be within the Fourth Dimension and grasp The Meteor through self comprehension placed Arnold among the best in the Dimensional Verse in terms of Universe Cycle comprehension.

"One more thing, Arnold," Leonel continued with his eyes narrowing slightly, "did you comprehend to supplement your Palms or your Body?"

This was maybe the most important question Leonel could ask. To have comprehended it just for his Palms would be impressive enough. But, if he was like Leonel and could apply Universal Force freely… It was a different matter entirely.