Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The memory suddenly hit Leonel like a ton of bricks. It was as though he had thought of something but the true ramifications, or maybe more accurately, implications of it didn't hit him until a moment later. It felt like he was on a rollercoaster with everything whizzing by so fast it was difficult for his eyes to keep track… But there was just that one small moment that appeared for just long enough to catch his attention just barely.

That day… That was the first and one of the only times Leonel had ever allowed one of the consciousnesses to take over his body. It had given him combat prowess far beyond his means at that time.

Ultimately, though, what he had done that day was out of necessity rather than desire. After all, he had only just stepped out of his second Zone and hadn't even really understood what it meant to wield a spear. It also had to be remembered that he had had the Spear Domain Heirloom for all of a few minutes at that point, so he wasn't even really sure what he was getting himself into.

However, what was especially memorable and important about that time was the fact that the primitive consciousness hadn't snatched his body away forcefully. In fact, Leonel was able to take his mind back as he pleased, he never truly felt that he wasn't in control.

Leonel wasn't sure if this was how things were supposed to have gone or if he had been meant to struggle to keep his mind safe, but all of that was irrelevant. The fact that he was so clearly unaffected was a very good thing.

The issue with allowing consciousnesses to take over his body was the blurring of the lines between what was you and what wasn't. But, Leonel was able to define this line so clearly and easily that there wasn't even a chance at such confusion.

The question was… Was the answer to allow his body to be taken over?

What was so powerful about that memory was that Leonel had been able to take a back seat and observe everything while his body was being controlled by another. If things were like this, then he could take a step back and calculate the progression of battle. This would allow him to step in should he ever be needed…

However, the trouble was which consciousness should he allow to take over his body? The logical answer was the consciousness of the Quasi Silver Spear. The issue with that, though, was that Leonel had forcibly snatched the spear and let alone experiencing its consciousness, he hadn't even experienced its Domain yet. As far as he knew, the Quasi Silver Spear didn't even have a Domain… Which was definitely untrue.

This was just only one problem, though…

Something about allowing others to control his body while he observed left a bad taste in Leonel's mouth. It was like he wasn't earning it. And if he wasn't earning it, was he truly winning? Could that even be considered the path of a True King?

'I feel like I'm close… So close to something…'

2 seconds.

Leonel's gaze sharpened. 'Spear Domain…'

What did those two words truly mean? What did they represent?

Leonel had gotten mixed up in the powerups each spear provided. He had spears with Elemental Domains, ones with restrictive Domains and even others with boosting Domains. Every spear he added to his arsenal felt like another button he could press when the going got tough, so he got lost in them… With every spear he claimed, the problem only became worse and worse.

However, if Leonel broke things down as logically as possible, there was a disconnect here.

There were the Spear Domains of the actual spears. Then there was the Spear Domain Heirloom, which shared the same name. Then, even beyond that, there was his Spear Domain Lineage Factor.

Of these three, the only one Leonel ever really paid attention to was the first. He treated the second like a one stop shop for spears. And, he treated the third like a mere boost in sharpness for his Spear Force, yet another one of his neglected abilities.

Leonel's Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor allowed him access to the abilities of a Snowy Star Owl…

Leonel's Metal Synergy Lineage Factor allowed him a oneness with metal that could both improve his body and his control…

Leonel's Spear Domain Lineage Factor… Was used how, exactly?

1 second.

Leonel suddenly took a step forward, crossing a line of no return. His gaze was just as cold as always, his palm flipping over to replace his chain laced black spear with a spear that sparkled like a shimmering ruby.

Even if Leonel held this spear up to his face, he would be able to see his palm right through it. It seemed as though it was carved out of delicate crystals, yet it had a heft beyond the 50 kilogram Chain Domain spear and completely lacked any sort of flexibility whatsoever.

What was the most 'shocking' about this spear, though, was that it didn't have a blade. It looked like a rod or a staff, something that had baffled Leonel until he learned exactly how it was meant to be used. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Due to its abilities, of all the Star Elemental Domain spears he had, Leonel chose to start with this one.

As the spirit began to form, the Star Force in the surroundings began to whip about.

Leonel's spear twirled about in his hands. With every spin, it became faster and faster, Leonel's gaze becoming sharp as the spirit grew more and more solid.

Wheels of a metallic blue Star Force followed the arc of Leonel's spear.

'Star Domain.'

The blue Star Force surged, connecting with Leonel's crystal red spear and suddenly flashing toward a blinding ruby color.

In that moment, the blades spear suddenly gained a vibrant crimson point.

Within Leonel's Ethereal Glabella, his Spear Force Embryo trembled. The sharp sound of blades colliding began to flow all around Leonel, his pale violet eyes beginning to glow brighter.