Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A Junior General couldn't be looked down upon. In fact, beside being a potential Heir, it was the highest ranking a youth of the Viola Bloodline could have.

When a world reached a certain level, especially for the Viola family's that had reached the pinnacle of its potential, the only way to grow and expand was by conquering the lands of other worlds. Of course, the best way to do this wasn't by fighting it out with worlds at your level. Rather, the best way was by targeting worlds beneath you.

Lower level worlds had certain protections. That came either from tacit agreements, protection by higher level worlds, and/or natural barriers.

Earth, for example, is among a few lower level worlds that had all three of these layers of protection. Due to its talent, it had gained the favor of numerous high level worlds, all of which had invested in some way or another toward their continued progress. In addition, due to its exceptionally low Dimensional level, the natural barriers of protection it had were leaps and bounds beyond most.

One had to understand that crossing between Folds of Reality was always dangerous. However, crossing from a higher Dimensional Fold of Reality to a lower Fold as a higher Dimensional being was both exceptionally difficult and exceptionally dangerous. The only exception to this is if one had a certain affinity for the Fold of Reality in question—for example, having been born there. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

This was all to say that the Junior Generals of the Viola family played a large role in bolstering their strength. It was they who led campaigns to lower level worlds and conquered them in the name of their family. To gain such a right definitely meant that you were among the best the Viola family had to offer.

However… Being from the Sixth City was a small knock on Samson's prestige among them. Do you want to read more chapters?

The estate of the Viola family was formed of ten cities. These were named by number and went from Ninth to First. The tenth city was known as the Main City.

Competition within the family was fierce and even which city you took up living accommodations in was regarded as a measuring stick for your value. Being from the Sixth City meant that though Samson wasn't at the bottom of the barrel in terms of talent, he wasn't very prestigious either. This was especially so since among the youths here, many of them lived in the Main City.

Of course, their living accommodations had nothing to do with their own strength. Their parents were Vassals that had proven their worth over a long period of time and, as such, had gained the right to live in the Main City among the most important members of the elder generation.

This number included Aina, Yuri and Savahn. Since Miel didn't have any other family, they of course moved to the Main City as well and had maybe the best living accommodations of all those present. However… Unlike many of the other youths here, they didn't feel any disdain, nor did they show it on their face.

They hadn't been here long enough to build up such an elitist attitude. And, even if they had been, they were led by Aina who couldn't be bothered to care about such superfluous nonsense. Her emotions were practically even keeled all the time these days.

Samson's gaze swept over the youths, his hands clasped behind his back and his smile slowly fading.

"I see, I see. You all think that because I'm from the Sixth City and many of you probably live in the Main or First City that you all are above me? For the mere children of Vassals, you all really do have quite some nerve. Rychard asked me to come so that I could scout out if there would be anyone worthy of joining his retainers and helping him claim the right to succession, but I see that you all are nothing but trash."

The disdain the group had immediately flipped toward rage. Come to p a n d a-n o v e l,c o m

A young man wearing a heavy set of dull grey took a heavy step forward. Beneath the somewhat weaker gravity of the red moon, his movements were large and unrestrained.

"I'm not going to stand here and be insulted by a Sixth City swin—!"

"Then sit."

BANG!

The young man couldn't even finish his sentence before he found his face being twisted into the red rock that should have been beneath his feet. Samson stood before him, grinding his face into the dirt with a foot.

Hardly anyone had seen him move. His speed was beyond them. His means were beyond them. His strength was beyond them.

"You…!"

The muffled voice of the young man was practically swallowed by the ground. No matter how hard he moved, he couldn't seem to free himself. To make matters worse, when he thought he would succeed, he felt that if he continued, he would end up ripping his own neck friom his own body.

"You all must think you're very special, hm?" Samson's friendly smile had turned to an almost fiendish grin, his black hair waving about even in the absence of wind. "Do you ever wonder why it seems like there's always another Vassal family being escorted out of the Viola family estate everyday? It's because you're all even more useless than the young masters you proport to hate.

"You Vassal Heirs are rarely good enough to take up the mantle of your fathers and mothers. While we of Viola blood have to scratch and claw for everything we have, you all live a life of luxury, not having to worry about succession, not having to worry about being backstabbed, not having to worry about protecting yourselves from your own brothers…

"It's quite funny, if you ask me. You all dare to look down on me when it's the blood, sweat and tears of people like me that keep you all so carefree.

"Do you know why you all dare to be like this? Because you are weak and there's a sucker out there stronger than you willing to protect your fragile little existences.

"To make things worse, you think they owe you this protection… But what are you going to do when that person's gone?"