Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Samson removed his foot from the armored youths head and kicked him away toward a relay station not far from them.

"Get this bastard out of my sight. I have no interest in protecting dead weight."

There weren't a small number of youths of the Viola bloodline that were unsatisfied with the Vassal system. But, there was nothing they could do. They didn't have the power to change things, and even when most of them did gain power, they chose to leave things as they were.

The trouble was that Vassals didn't have a very strong connection to the family to begin with. They were essentially glorified hired guns. So, the best method the Viola family had to keep these experts by their side was to treat their families well.

If a Vassal died in the line of duty, their family would also be well taken care of. However, should that Vassal not have an Heir, their family would not be allowed to stay in the Viola Estate.

The trouble was that the descendants of Vassals had an overinflated sense of worth. And, this was especially so for descendants from Vassals in the Second, First and Main Cities. This was because the Vassals in these cities were amongst the most important to rope in for succession wars. In such a situation, wouldn't it be too foolish to offend a family member of such a Vassal?

So why was it that Samson dared to do this at all? It was because Rychard was a special case. He had the support of one of the two Eternal Vassals—one of the only two Vassal families that managed to pass down their title from generation to generation.

In addition to this, his mother's background wasn't simple and should he succeed on the current expedition he was on, there was a 60% chance the claim to succession would be his.

On top of that… The youth he had just kicked away had a father who was a Vassal from the Second City. And, considering his lack of talent, there was no way this title would be passed down.

Also, as far as Samson was concerned, the potential Heirs that didn't dare to offend the youths of Vassals… Never stood a chance at the Head Position to begin with!

"Alright." Samson clapped, feeling that he had established his authority well enough. "This Zone is quite a special one. According to our analysis tools, it actually seems to be related to General Fye.

"After doing some research, I found out why. This region was among those the General conquered back in his youth. It was only after the Empire fell that it then fell into our hands…"

Samson was about to continue explain, but he saw the blank looks on all their faces. Even the few he thought were comparatively better than the others, like those three masked women over there, didn't seem to know what he was talking about.

[Do you want to read more chapters ? Come to ] He shook his head, lamenting the state of these youths as though he wasn't actually younger than a lot of them.

From a young age, he had been training to be a General. In addition, as a member of the Viola family's main Bloodline, he had also been drilled with all sorts of history. However, the legend of General Fye shouldn't be one that one had to be a history buff to know.

How could one be in the Sixth Dimension and have never heard of the Silver Empire?

The name sounded simple, but it was just an unfortunate part of the language being lost in translation. To General Fye and his people, 'Silver' represented the highest prestige, an unmatched glory, but most importantly, and underestimated, unrefined talent that rose to the top.

This last definition is why Silver was the most appropriate translation as it always lost out to more precious materials like gold, diamond or platinum. But, it still wasn't exactly perfect.

"Our Tri Pillar Galaxy… Forget it, I'm not wasting my breath. All you need to know that it is very possible that we will have to face General Fye in his youth. I don't have the time or patience to protect all of you, so some might die. If you don't want to see your coffin lids close early, follow my instructions and cut the bullshit."

With that, Samson turned and vanished into a swirling portal, almost a dozen youths following after him.

…

It was an odd feeling indeed. Zones seemed to pass down legends of an age long past. But, what would happen if that age hadn't exactly ended yet?

**

The discussion between Heira and the Oryx didn't seem to last very long, just three hours. And yet, it felt like the Tribe had suddenly become a swaying rowboat amidst an ocean of waves in just that small moment.

The promises she made were quite monumental. She promised to hand this world over to them, she promised that they would have a place in this galaxy, and she promised that her success would be theirs.

The Oryx weren't so na?ve to simply believe everything that was thrown at them. After all, they were an intelligent race of people. And, they had more than enough experience dealing with humans, and even the much more powerful Valiant Heart Mountain—or rather, the Valiant Heart Mountain of the past.

However… The temptation was also great.

In their current state of Hyper Evolution, the Oryx had a very small window to either rocket to greater heights or crash… never to rise up again.

Hyper Evolution wasn't something you could just sit idly by for and reap the benefits of. It was the last chance this world was giving them to claim what was theirs. If they couldn't fight for it, they would be finished.

But, if they got lost in the weeds battling the dying Valiant Heart Mountain, leaving themselves without enough room to expand beyond this world, then they would have wasted a golden opportunity.

Of all the things, thoughts and plans Elthor had come with… What he was lacking the most in were the resources the Oryx Tribe needed to crash through the barriers that were holding them back… 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Resources Heira had in spades.