Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 1200 powerstones. Bonus chapter for reach 300 coming later. Pray for my ligaments :'( ]

Leonel didn't react much to Miles' words, something that was out of the expectations of the latter.

Though he spoke those words with indifference, that didn't mean he expected indifference in return. In fact, he was very much expecting to hear several shouts and a torrent of cursing. It wasn't even out of his expectation that Leonel might try to run away and fight his way out.

Of course, all of this would be futile. The range of this illusion world was almost like his own lucid dream. The downside of his ability was that it took a lot of time to set up a range so large, but the benefit was that once it had been, not only was the drain on his spirit minimized, but his power was several times greater as well.

In truth, Leonel was finished the moment he crossed into this city. Miles' confidence was obvious by the fact he hadn't even confiscated the ax in Leonel's hand.

The Officials who escorted Leonel here had long since surrounded him. Seeing that Leonel didn't react, they didn't relax as one would expect.

By now, Leonel's vision had cleared a bit more. He could see that the young man with a monocle over his left eye had blazing red hair and eyes just like the six weremen had. He stood with his hands clasped behind his back, a light smile on his face. His impeccably clean and crisp clothing made his meticulousness evident.

Leonel slowly raised the ax in his hand, causing the officers to tense. But, Miles and Simeon continued to look down with indifference on their faces. Even if Leonel was in peak condition, they wouldn't have to fear him in this place, let alone now in his current state.

However, they could have never expected that instead of attacking, Leonel would be using the last of his strength to slip the ax back into the holster on Aina's back.

To those watching him, his actions didn't make much sense at all.

"… So you want to deal with me, is that right?"

Leonel's voice sounded quite hoarse. It could be imagined that he hadn't had a drop of water in a day and a half now. With how hard he had been pushing his body, it was a wonder that he was even standing.

Miles' brows knit slightly. His first instinct was to not respond. He simply disdained to. However, he found himself opening his mouth to do exactly that before he knew what was happening. It was as though he had been compelled to.

This level of charisma… It was hard to imagine it was a boy before him and not a Tier 7 or higher General.

Though he managed to stop himself right before the words came from his mouth, he was left in an awkward position. Everyone could tell that he had been about to speak and could only look at him in confusion when his mouth hung open without a word.

However, in the end, though he spoke, it wasn't to Leonel.

"Take him away."

Leonel moved again and Miles' frown deepened as he watched the Officers continue to hesitate. They watched as he took out three silver rods and twisted them together into a long pole, one after another.

"What methods do I have to protect myself from illusions?"

Leonel seemed to be speaking to himself. Every action he took was like a madman that couldn't be seen through. It felt like he just might lash out at them at any time. But then, unexpectedly, something responded.

[ *Ping* Seed's Soul Force is too high to be influenced by illusions beneath the Bronze grade, only Seed's eyes can be fooled. It is suggested that Seed close his eyes and make use of Internal Sight to battle. ]

[ *Information Omitted* ]

The words of the dictionary made Miles' pupils constrict.

"Stop him —!"

The words had hardly left his lips with the blunt tip of Leonel's rod had appeared before Admiral Millan.

Leonel had already guessed that this TIer 5 Admiral had an ability that utilized his voice. If not for this, an Admiral with no personal combat ability like him wouldn't be sent here to escort Leonel.

What Leonel could afford the least right now to lose his hearing or have his inner ear be affected.

The truth was that Leonel's Internal Sight was far sharper, more detailed, and more useful than his eyesight. It was just that Leonel had grown up all his life using his eyes to see and interact with the world. Suddenly having Internal Sight now made him feel as though he suddenly had another pair of arms he wasn't used to using yet.

However, now, he had no choice but to rely on it. What he couldn't have imagined was that the moment he closed his eyes and leaned on his Internal Sight completely that a rush of comfort would overwhelm his body.

It was as though a drying river had suddenly been fed by a crystal clear lake. What was a shame was that the dam originally blocking the lake from the river was actually Leonel himself!

Everything felt sharper and more controlled. The finest details of everything from his own body to his surroundings were projected into his mind without delay.

Leonel wasn't a fool. He knew that the lingering danger had yet to be resolved, so how could he come back here without any preparations at all? Though his body was in such a state, his Force and spirit weren't running completely on empty.

Admiral Millan's eyes widened. He had just been opening his mouth to send a concentrated blast toward Leonel when the rod appeared before him.

He sighed a breath of relief when he realized it had no blade. However, it was simply too fast for him to dodge. He could only brace himself for impact.

But… he could have never imagined that the blunt tip would carry so much force behind it. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The first thing he felt was the wall that hit his back. No… It should be that his back hit the wall.

Then, he registered that all of his ribs had been broken. He couldn't even scream without the searing pain of his lungs being minced by his own bones making his eyes roll back into their sockets.

He shook as he slid to the ground as though he was going into epileptic shock. This was maybe the only sign that his life was holding on by a small thread.

"The Empire has been pissing me off for a long time already." Leonel said slowly, his eyes firmly clamped shut. "Since you want me, come and get me."