Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Firstly… You could restart from the beginning? Had Leonel known this, why would he waste all this time being stuck at the Third Dimension? He would have switched to another technique as a placeholder to bolster his strength. By then, would all of the things that had happened in the past months even have a chance at getting off the ground?

Of course, Leonel knew that he was being na?ve. When it came to things between he and Aina, they had ignored a lot of the problems that had been creeping up for too long. If it wasn't this, then it would have been something else down the road that separated them. And, that separation, having festered for even longer, might have been even worse than this one.

Leonel shook his head, ignoring these useless thoughts.

"You can restart?" Leonel cut the young woman who was about to go on a rant off. He had to know this.

"Oh, right, you probably don't know this either. [Dimensional Cleanse] is a very special technique, it's very compatible with pretty much everything. You don't necessarily have to 'restart', but you do 're-cultivate' from the beginning. You can then layer [Dimensional Cleanse] and your other technique for a stronger effect.

"Most, though, only practice the first three layers of [Dimensional Cleanse], because even a One Star Constitution is a massive boost to someone's combat prowess. If you're lucky enough to get two or three out of nine, you'll be set for a lifetime."

Leonel raised his brows. So that was how it was… Should he be layering another technique with [Dimensional Cleanse], then? Or did it matter at all?

"Anyway, like I was saying before, this is the first round. The Third Dimensional layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] is pretty much widely spread, but it's really too difficult to form Stars from that layer. Most say that it's easiest to form Stars at the Fifth Dimensional layer of the technique, but still quite difficult. I say you might as well give yourself as many chances as you can…

"Oh, right! The first round. Like I was saying, the trial before is just the first leg, the real test starts now. When I win this round, they'll give me the Fourth Dimensional layer of the technique. I'll have to win the next round to earn the Fifth Dimensional layer and so on."

"I see… And are all the rounds like this?"

The mask the young woman wore moved in a way that made Leonel believe she had to be pouting.

"No. That's why I don't know if I should thank you or not. Up ahead, there will more complicated battle structures where three or even four roads come together as one. In those cases, only one will be able to pass by, yet I've wasted so much time here.

"Even if I got to rest a bit, the enemies I'll have to face ahead will have ample time to rest too while I'll have to hurry up. It's not fair."

Leonel shrugged. "Why hurry, then? Take your time since you know they'll get there before you no matter what."

"Ah!" The young woman blinked. "That's not a bad idea, seems you're not a bad guy after all. What's your name? I'm Kira Salvatine!"

Leonel smiled lightly. "Leonel Morales."

"…"

The young woman fell into silence before her brows furrowed in an unhappy frown.

"… You really did trick me. Did you make me explain all of this so that you could rest?!"

Leonel was speechless. He hadn't been tired since the moment he got here, was that not obvious enough? He wasn't even sweating. In this environment, he was practically invincible in terms of stamina, there was so much blue Star Force around that every breath of his was filled with life and vitality.

The young woman's mask moved again. This time, Leonel was certain that her pout had become even more pronounced.

"I didn't know that the Morales family had such a shameless junior now!"

The young woman shot forward, stepping onto Leonel's road without a care. Her palms flipped over to reveal twin sabers with blades that radiated a rose-gold light. Each was as thin as a cicadas wings and seemed to flutter gently along with the young woman's hair.

Leonel shook his head. He could only describe this woman as an adorable airhead.

They had only been talking for a minute or two, was that even enough for anyone to recover in a large capacity? How was he 'tricking' her, then?

Still, Leonel took these trials a measure more seriously now, even more than he did before when he realized his life was on the line. Kira recognized the Morales family's name instantly. On top of that, there was none of the reverence that he had seen from Valiant Heart Mountain.

The conclusion, then, was clear: Those participating in this trial most definitely had backgrounds close, equal, or potentially even surpassing a Seventh Dimensional family. And, to make matters worse, Kira said the Peak of the Fifth Dimension was the minimum…

Leonel sighed. '… Just can't catch a break…' Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Leonel's palm flipped over, revealing a familiar crystalline red rod. He didn't dare to underestimate an opponent that had managed to clear the road he just faced so quickly. Without hesitation, he activated his Spear Domain Lineage Factor, lighting his forehead up with the mark of a golden spear.

"You really are from the Morales family! Dammit! To think I helped you!"

In any other situation, Leonel would have chuckled. It was rare to find such an innocent and sweet heart in the Dimensional Verse. At least, he hadn't been able to find one outside of Earth. Everyone seemed enraptured by their own benefits and improvement.

But… Maybe this was just the luxury Kira had due to being from such an outstanding family or organization.

Still… Leonel's emotions were one thing… This battle, however, was another.

Leonel's gaze suddenly gained a biting cold at the same time Kira's did. Both of them no longer said a word as blue Star Force began to rotate about around them.

BANG!