Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel blocked the twin sabers with the body of his spear, but his gaze still narrowed. He was so used to his weapons and treasures being far beyond that of his opponent that he was somewhat caught off guard when he was finally on the losing end for once. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

According to his calculations, if not for the large swaths of blue Star Force in the surroundings, his spear might have already been cut in two… No, three pieces.

'Those twin sabers… Are both Silver Grade weapons…' Leonel's lip twitched.

Even his best weapon at the moment was a Quasi Silver Spear. Of course, it could be used for more than just its sharpness. But, he had a feeling that Kira's sabers were the same. It was just that he hadn't managed to push her into using them to their full potential.

'Is it normal to give Fifth Dimensional youths Sixth Dimensional weapons like this…?'

Leonel lamented this as though he hadn't been using Fifth Dimensional weapons at the Third Dimension. At the same time, he had no idea that Kira had only been loaned these weapons for the sake of the trial, they would be taken right back after she was done. In fact, if not for her status, even borrowing would have been impossible.

Of course, Leonel could access Silver Spears now as well. It was just that it wasn't worth it. Only the Spear that claimed a Peak would have a Domain to learn and Leonel wasn't quite ready to claim a Quasi Gold Spear just yet. He would have to cross into the Fifth Dimension first for that, and even then it would be difficult.

Leonel had all of these thoughts in an instant, but Kira had already reacted quickly. Realizing that she couldn't slice Leonel's weapon apart like she wanted, she pressed forward, raising her sabers again to maintain her forward momentum.

However, Leonel, who had been standing in place all this time, swept his spear downward toward Kira's legs. The timing was so immaculate that it almost seemed as though Kira was presenting her thigh to be chopped off as she stepped toward him.

Kira's eyes flashed, her wrist twisting as one of her sabers blocked. Though Leonel's actions had stifled her forward momentum, she was still able to brandish her second saber, spiraling it toward his neck with another twist of her wrist.

Leonel's calm gaze didn't falter. He shifted his spear's trajectory slightly, causing Kira's saber to perfectly collide with its blade. Using the downward momentum of Kira's swing, he allowed the upper end of his spear to swing upward, blocking Kira's second, twisting strike.

This wasn't the first time Leonel was battling a dual wielder, but it was most definitely the first time he was battling one with such deft skill.

Neither one of Kira's hands seemed to be dominant. Her attacks were swift, controlled, measured and powerful. Her close combat instinct didn't seem to lose out to Leonel who was both relying on his Spear Domain Lineage Factor and his innate ability. In fact, Leonel found himself constantly being on the defensive.

'Her body is heavier than what it should be. It's either that she also has a defensive Lineage Factor that's been locked away by this place. Or…'

Leonel's brows raised. Was he really so lucky?

"Hey Kira."

Kira didn't respond, her sabers becoming swifter and swifter. Her body began to sway in a unique rhythm, her mind becoming lost in a dance of blades.

Every one of her strikes left a trail of blade Force in its wake. The paths it took were etched into Leonel's mind even without conscious effort. But, when he put them together, he felt a slight hint of awe.

It was the most beautiful budding rose he had ever seen.

He watched its progression from start to finish.

First it was small and closed off. Kira's blades in that moment were sharp, compact and sturdy, emphasizing stability and a slow, steady rate of growth.

And then it opened for the first time, blooming into a youthful maturity. Kira's blades grew more wild, unrestrained, filled with a willingness to see the world and to have the world see her. A gorgeous dance of passion, excitement and curiosity.

The flower began to age. Its stem weakened, its beautiful rose petals greyed, and it gave the world the last rays it had left to offer.

It was then that Kira's blades became the most deadly, filled with a death-like energy. The energy itself never truly appeared or manifested, suppressed and disregarded by this world of Star Force. But, Leonel had a feeling that if he ever had to truly meet it in battle, his life wouldn't be in just a small amount of danger…

And yet, even now, Leonel felt as though he was battling with his life on the line. Kira's blades didn't carry the intent to kill, but if they did…

Leonel's jaw clenched.

"I thought I could beat you without using it." Kira suddenly spoke, her voice softer than Leonel had ever heard it before.

At that moment, Leonel could finally hear the intricate layers of her cadence and the delicate softness of a beautiful sound that matched Kira's original elegance perfectly. The only voice Leonel had ever heard that made him swoon more was Aina's, and that was only when she was in her un-cursed form.

"But, you're way too strong for someone in the Fourth Dimension, you learned the true form of Universal Force? I guess I have to use it too…"

Kira suddenly began the dance again. But, this time, the air around it was completely different.

Leonel, who already had cuts all over his body after the first time, had to face the same dance again. This time, however… Kira wouldn't be holding back.

What once was nothing but an illusion suddenly became so corporeal that Leonel felt that he could reach out and touch it.

Universal Force surged all around… Unfortunately, it wasn't at the Four Seasons Realm.

It was at the Heavenly Body Realm.