The first step of the Fifth Dimensional layer was to clear your mind of distracting thoughts. After this was the visualization.

Back on Earth, even in the 25th Century, there were entire sciences based around state of mind and its importance. In order to understand, one only need to look toward stories of mothers lifting cars up and off of their children. In those moments, it wasn't about whether or not they could accomplish it, but rather they had to no matter what… Or else they would lose something precious.

Visualization was a way of artificially allowing a person to reach such a state. There were athletes and pro lifters who could place themselves in the most horrid of situations mentally all the for the sake of gaining that extra boost in strength.

Simply put… The mind was a powerful thing.

That said, the Fifth Dimensional layer didn't take advantage of this in a physical aspect, or, more accurately, not directly. Rather, it allowed the mind to reach the optimal state for large influxes of Force. This would then in turn allow the body to reach a higher state of being by proxy.

The Fifth Dimension could be seen as a process of using the mind to undo the artificial shackles on the body, bringing you to a higher state of being.

However, Leonel couldn't help but feel that the 'visualization' needed to accomplish this was eerily familiar to Force Arts.

Rather than relying on raw emotion or the imagining of terrible events to raise strength, the Fifth Dimensional layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] used a complex series of patterns.

At first, it felt like it was directing you in how to circulate your energy. But, as Leonel layered these patterns atop of one another in his Dream World and it became more and more complex, he realized that it was indeed just one big Force Art.

'Force Arts can be used like this too…?'

Leonel was stunned. It felt like an all new world was opening up to him and he could hardly believe it. The possibilities seemed endless.

Every time he thought that he had grasped Force Arts, it felt like an all new door would suddenly swing wide open.

First it was Crafting, then it was Mage Arts, and now it was visualizations. None of these three even mentioned the fact the first time Leonel had ever come into contact with Force Arts, it was under the ability of a person who could not only use it to control others, but even to replicate abilities!

Back then, Leonel understood too little about the world to understand just how shocking this was. But, the more he learned, the more he felt that the individual with such an ability was most definitely among maybe the most powerful existences in the Dimensional Verse without a doubt.

'If I combine this concept of visualization with Camelot's magic system…'

Leonel's gaze suddenly felt like two blazing torches.

Raising your mind to a higher state of being before casting a Mage Art… Just what kind of effect would that have? Would it allow him to cast Mage Arts beyond his capability? Would it allow him to use less Dream Force in exchange for the same power output? What kind of effects would it have on his Knight Arts?

Leonel knew that he was getting far too ahead of himself. This was no longer a simple matter of observing and analyzing the Natural Force Art that encompassed Camelot's magic system, it would also require manipulating and changing it.

Something like that would be difficult to do without a full grasp of Camelot's magic system. And, at least with how things stood now, he was a long way away from that.

'A more realistic goal for now would be to take the next step forward in the Wisdom Branch of my Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor.'

One had to remember that much of the reason Leonel's mind was so powerful wasn't just because of his ability, but also because he had awakened the Luxnix's family's Wisdom Branch so early on. This had allowed his mind to gain the fortitude of the Fifth Dimension immediately which basically saved him from facing any bottlenecks from the Third to Fifth Dimension in terms of Dream Force.

But now, Leonel was obviously about to reach the limit of the Snowy Star Owl. After all, it had to be remembered that they were a Sixth Dimensional beast. Obviously, its abilities wouldn't be able to help him beyond that cap.

Still, there was no use in lamenting such a thing if Leonel hadn't even reached its peak potential yet. He could worry about not having a Lineage Factor for his mind to rely on when that time came. But, for now, he had to find a way to progress first.

The good news was that Leonel already had a pretty good idea. The evolution paths for the Snowy Star Owl were quite narrow when it came to the Wisdom Branch. Leonel had already faintly touched on the next layer as well…

The Snowy Star Owl's eyes.

When Leonel evoked his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, sometimes its eyes would appear to his back. It didn't take much thinking for him to realize that this only happened when he entered his most calculative states.

Leonel had been confused about this in the past, but after piecing together the intricacies of 'visualization' to the Fifth Dimension… What if the Snowy Star Owl's eyes were intricately tied with this? What would happen if instead of just manifesting those sharp eyes, he imagined and meditated on them…?

'An interesting thought… It might work…'

Leonel lulled his boredom away with countless streams of thoughts, eliminating the useless, lingering around the maybes, and latching onto the most promising.

However, just as he was ready to wait for months like he had done to others, he suddenly sensed the barriers before him vanish. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel was shocked. He didn't have to fight? What was going on…?

Leonel didn't even get the chance to think very much before a flood of information that almost split his skull in two assaulted his mind.