Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel frowned deeply. Though he was soon able to spread out the trouble through his more than 50 000 minds, he still felt a slight cold sweat mat his back.

The difference between taking in the Fifth and Sixth Dimensional layers was actually so great. He felt that if he had tried to do this while still in the Third Dimension, his head would have exploded into bits of bones and gore.

He hadn't even realized that there was such a lurking danger in this place. But, he was even more surprised by the fact that there was actually no one around him at all.

What Leonel didn't know was that the reason there were so many roads connecting into one was precisely because it was so rare for many to make it this far. After the first two rounds, things only became more difficult. There weren't a small number of individuals who were forced to give up after reaching a puzzle that was far too difficult for them to complete.

Those on their second attempt who weren't confident in crossing to the third round would definitely leave after getting the Fifth Dimensional layer. As for those on their first attempt, it was rare for them to even clear the second round, let alone making it into the Sixth.

Most would drop out after gathering the first three layers of [Dimensional Cleanse] because they were all aware of one simple fact: Unless you could form at least three Stars between the first three layers, completing the Sixth Dimensional layer and beyond was impossible. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The result of all of this was the second round becoming a major watershed moment where most would drop out.

Usually, this would mean that one would gain an easy pass to the next round. However, the road of puzzles had something different in mind.

When Leonel finally regained his bearings and felt okay to move again, the first puzzle he came across made his lip twitch. The creator was truly a sadistic bastard. How was he supposed to do this?

It had already taken him up to several days to complete the last of the puzzles leading up to round three. But, just at a cursory glance, Leonel could tell that it would take him that long just to make a dent in this one. As for how long it would take him to actually complete it? At least a couple weeks.

'Unless…'

Leonel's gaze sharpened. It had been a long while since he used this. As time passed, his mind grew so powerful that he simply didn't need it. But now, it seemed that he would definitely have to rely on it again.

At that moment, a heavy, ancient aura began to accumulate around Leonel.

Auspicious Air. Ancient Aura. Heavenly Enlightenment…

Whenever Leonel gazed upon the Natural Force Art he had gained from the Force Crystal Mine Eruption, his mind would enter into a state of overdrive that even his ability alone couldn't reach.

Leonel had been worried that the affect it would have would lessen due to the fact it was a Fourth Dimensional existence while he was already in the Fifth, but he was pleasantly surprised to find that this wasn't the case. Though it was less helpful than in the past, it wasn't by an exaggerated amount.

In fact, Leonel suddenly felt confident.

'I had only completed 99% of it in the past, yet it had this effect. I feel like I can… Finally do it.'

Leonel couldn't help but be excited. He had been stuck at this level for such a long time. Even though he had neglected this Natural Force Art, he had never forgotten just how useful it had been to him in the past. Much of his quick progression could even be assigned to it.

He felt that reaching from 99% to 100% wouldn't just be the change of a single percentage point… It would be an evolution just as whole as crossing a Dimensional barrier.

What kind of benefits would it give him?

It seemed like that bet he made in the hive all those years ago was finally about to pay off big time.

What Leonel didn't know, though, was at this point, there was only a single other person still within the trial with him. This person was also gaining the benefit of not having to fight a single person as he leisurely strolled forward, completing the puzzles with even greater ease than Leonel.

He hummed a small tune, almost carelessly swinging his sword from time to time. But, anyone who looked closely enough would be able to tell that this young man's every stroke was filled with an enigmatic mystery…

He was none other than Amery, the Sword Deity.

**

"You've found the information I want?"

Rychard was a bit surprised. He had expected it to take several months to even years to receive information back about that Leonel Morales. After all, the Dimensional Verse was an enormous place, finding a single family, even if it was one as powerful as a Sixth Dimensional one, would be almost impossible—in a short time, anyway. Yet, Samson had come back to him with an answer barely a week later.

At that moment, Rychard was flying in a sleek black space shuttle. It was outfitted with the latest stealth technology. Though it couldn't hide his activity from the old fogies of his family, he didn't need to hide from them. He just needed to keep his movements secret from the other heir candidates.

From his vantage point, he could see the three planets that revolved around one another. In truth, each of these three planets was ruled by a different Sixth Dimensional family. The black and purple one was for their Viola family. The other two, the planet with the mountains that looked like horns and the other that looked like a polished golden marble with swirling white clouds were controlled by two families just as powerful.

As for the history behind this, it was long and complicated. Whenever Rychard saw the three of them like this, he couldn't help but think back to it. After hearing Samson's explanation, though, his gaze couldn't help but narrow.

<I thought it would take a long while too, Young Heir. But, I stumbled upon the truth not long after I started looking>

<That Leonel Morales' name came up in an information network related to a scandal that was buried a long while ago. According to what I could find out, for some reason, the name Leonel Morales was struck out and erased from the Ancestral Lineage Tomes of the Luxnix family>

<The parameters you mentioned fit perfectly, even down to the Star Force related Lineage Factor…>

Rychard suddenly couldn't take his eyes off the golden-white planet even as his ship sped into the distance.