Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Viola family. The Torra family. The Luxnix family.

The three revolve around one another, maintaining a balance within this region of their Tri Pillar Galaxy. It could be said that they were friends, rivals and enemies all in one, each keeping the other in check but all three being interdependent on one another.

In his wildest dreams, Rychard never thought that he would run into such a matter. In fact, it was even more shocking that such a matter had been hidden from him for so long. The potential implications of such a thing weren't simple at all. If he used it properly, this bit of information could be even more useful to him toward claiming heirship than even the Fifth Dimensional layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] would have been.

Of course, that was also depending on the details surrounding this case as well. However, Rychard felt that he had grasped 90% of the story the instant Samson passed this information on to him.

What was clear and obvious immediately was that Leonel didn't share the Luxnix name. This meant that it was the maternal side of his family. This point alone made a lot of things make sense, especially since it coincided with some things that the Luxnix family hadn't managed to hide so well.

Wasn't such a thing all too common?

Woman of a powerful family falls in love with a weak man. The result is a child out of wedlock that is looked down upon by his family. Ultimately, the man and son are either killed off and chased away, while the woman is locked up under house arrest as a reminder to future generations to not dare to make the same mistake. All the while, the son's name is stricken from the family records as an undying stain on his life and legacy.

This story was simple enough and it lined up with quite a few things.

About 50 years ago, the Luxnix family suddenly came out guns blazing with a genius on the level of which the three families had never seen before. The most shocking part was that she was a member of Rychard's generation, so he had personally lost handily at her hands once before. It was the kind of loss that left an untenable mark on his psyche that he hadn't managed to leap over even after all this time.

To make matters worse, back then, he had already been well into his teens while that little girl was barely over 10 years old!

However, that girl also vanished years later without word, rhyme or reason. The Luxnix family seemed to have completely 'forgotten' about her as though she never existed.

If those two timelines were fused into one… Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Rychard's eyes suddenly glowed with a fierce light.

Would he really get revenge on that little girl in such a way so decades later? He had always wanted to wash that shame away, but he had always meant to do so with his fists. However, that girl had already vanished even after he became so confident in himself.

Rychard's lip curled. What a present, what a present indeed. Pa nda

No vel He had thought that Leonel was a devil come to ruin all of his plans and test his resolve. Who would have known that he was actually a guardian angel come to hand him such a victory on a silver platter? Not only would he get revenge on a foe of long ago, he just might be able to guarantee this victory for himself.

Rychard thought for several more moments before he suddenly began to write out a detailed message.

<Leak through some covert channels… make sure that Ossan is the first to get his hands on it… set up some extra defenses around the mansion in case of potential retaliation, but don't be too obvious about it… after that fool Ossan acts, take a step back, no matter how juicy the meat looks, ignore it…>

Even as Rychard began to scheme, he had no idea that the story he had deduced couldn't have been further from the truth.

However, there was a reason he didn't bother to wait to see if his deductions would be correct or not… it was because it didn't matter.

The mere fact he could comfortably deduce this at all made it believable. And believable was all he needed.

**

Leonel had no idea what was happening so far away, nor did he know what kind of storm such a casual interaction would bring about. In truth, he had already mostly forgotten about Rychard. How big was the universe? How could he ever just assume that he would have such a connection with this person? And, even if he did, how could he know that the young man would actually be petty enough to seek out revenge for something a 10 year old girl had done to him?

Of course, to be fair, Rychard was at most 14 or 15 back then. But, by now, he was a man who was almost 70 years old. At some point, you had to let bygones be bygones, right…?

Unfortunately, Rychard was a petty man who was simultaneously patient to an extreme. And, at the same time, this information was far too useful to him. Even if he wouldn't be able to get revenge at all, he would still do it. In fact, even if not a word of it was true, it would still have the very same effect. That was the beauty of it all.

It didn't matter to him whether the little girl from back then was really Leonel's mother or not. The optics of it all was all he needed.

What Rychard didn't know, though, was that it did, in fact, matter. Because, that little ten year old girl from back then had grown into a powerful woman who met a man by the name of Velasco Morales. Years later, the two birthed a child by the name of Leonel Morales.

And… Leonel Morales happened to love his mother very much.