Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel never thought he would feel such an intoxicating feeling so soon again. At least, he didn't think he would leave the Fourth Dimension so soon. However, he hardly got to enjoy it because he realized it was just barely enough. The high of entering yet another Dimension felt full when you realized your power wasn't as amazing as you thought it would be.

Of course, if others knew Leonel's thoughts, they'd deem him to be insane. In just a single step, Leonel's split minds now approach a million. On top of this, he felt the gates of his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor calling out to him. Compared to the last time when he struggled, opening the Gates before he had even completed his nine Nodes, this time would be a completely different animal.

At the same time, Leonel's [Star Fusion] reached a new height, now fueled by Fifth Dimensional Vital Star Force and Leonel also finally felt that he could use his Scarlet Star Force for a few split seconds before his body imploded into a pile of ash.

There were sweeping changes with Leonel's Lineage Factors, he felt that the burden of using his Divine Armor was practically nonexistent now, and on top of all of that, his ability seemed to have transcended to a new height.

Even though Leonel would never be able to cross the Savant barrier and reach Manifestation, Leonel had been able to cross into the fourth level, Control. This allowed him to control his own body as though it was a machine his mind was within. In fact, Leonel felt that he had reached a point where he could even control the speed of his own cell division.

This was the absolute greatest height that Leonel's Dream Force ability could reach. Of course, Leonel had yet to have any practice with it. And, controlling the body down to a cellular level with only a million split minds was a fool's game. In addition, even if he could control his cell division, anyone with even the faintest background in biology would be able to tell you that such a thing required energy to execute.

The good news was that Vital Star Force was among the best energies to fuel such a thing. The bad news was that it would only be in endless supply for Leonel in this place. Anywhere else and he would have to slowly catalyze and store it for himself with the help of his Vital Stars.

None of this even mentioned the fact that Leonel hadn't had the time to create new branching abilities based on his new peak. And, he hadn't gotten time to learn to control or practice with it either. It could be said that he had been given a big rail gun that he was far too small to use at this point.

The best way Leonel could describe it was like he felt that he was just a hair away from having and controlling as much power as a Savant… And yet, he didn't have nearly their luck in receiving the Blessings of the Dimensional Verse. He had to figure everything out and, most importantly, power everything with his own energy.

All of this, not to mention the every increasing difficulty of the puzzles he continued to run into, dampened what should have been a happy moment considerably. The only good news was that he had been here for long enough to solidify himself in the Fourth Dimension… But it seemed that the bad news was intent on continuing to come. Pa nda Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Novel …

Leonel stared at the young man in front of him. Though his expression was closed off and gave nothing away, he felt a solemn feeling welling up in his heart.

The intuition of the primitive consciousness had only grown stronger and more potent after being incorporated into Leonel's Spear Domain Lineage Factor. With that potency came an increased sensitivity toward danger. It was just that Leonel hadn't run into any such opponents since he realized the true purpose of his Spear Domain Lineage Factor…

However, right now, it was screaming at him… screaming that even if he used the third form of [Star Fusion], even if he was released from the shackles this world had on him, even if this young man was under double the suppression he was currently under…

None of it would change the inevitable outcome.

Leonel didn't respond to the young man's question. Instead, he looked at the sword in his hand. It only took a glance for Leonel to tell that the young man was holding a normal wooden sword. It reminded Leonel of the first primitive spear he had ever managed to take out of the Spear Domain Heirloom.

However, Leonel knew for a fact that if he took out the primitive spear right this moment, the level of danger he exuded wouldn't even be half of the young man's.

Amery didn't seem to care very much for Leonel's response, he only continued to look at the ring.

"Well, this is pretty lucky, if I do say so myself." Amery smiled. "I'm quite a fan of competition, but if I'm to be honest, I could have defeated you back when I was still a toddler. So, I don't think there's any real point to this, right?

"I'm not a bloodthirsty man so I can let you live. But, you'll have to hand over that ring. I happen to know someone that would be far better suited to it than you. I'd like to have a good battle when the time comes, and I have a feeling you won't be able to give me one."

Leonel didn't respond to this, but that didn't change the fact that he was confused by the young man's words.

He wanted to give his ring to someone else so that… when the time came he could have a better battle than he would have otherwise had with Leonel? What was that supposed to mean?

Seeing that Leonel didn't respond, Amery sighed and shook his head.

"Forget it, forget it. Every time I try not to end things with blood, no one wants to listen."

Amery took a step forward and brandished his wooden sword.

"I don't like to give second chances."