Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 895: Bite You To Death

Leonel felt like he was being boiled from the inside out. He immediately realized that this weren't the Cleansing Waters he had been expecting. In fact, if not for the fact he was so focused on keeping his body alive and couldn't spare Internal Sight to take a glance at his surroundings, he would have realized that the Segmented Cube he had come to know was a completely different beast at this moment.

What Leonel didn't know was that these were Sixth Dimensional Cleansing Waters as opposed to the Fourth Dimensional waters he had become accustomed to.

It was a bit exaggerated to say that these waters were like rubbing alcohol to Leonel, but it was functionally the same at this very moment. These Cleansing Water were too good at wiping away foreign objects from existence. The issue was that it had decided that much of what was in Leonel's body could be classified as such.

When one was trying to measure the body of a Fifth Dimensional existence, especially when Leonel's Metal Body was still within the Fourth Dimension, up against the standards of a Sixth Dimensional one, the gap was simply too wide and the process would could be seen as abrasive.

The Cleansing Waters were essentially flushing out all the impurities of Leonel's body, but it had chosen the absolute worse time to do exactly that because Leonel had open flesh wounds all over himself!

Even as jets of ink black shot out from his body and Amery's aura was completely purged, the process of them flooding out from him was so savage that Leonel felt as though he was being ripped from the inside out.

If Leonel's father had been here, he would have coughed up a lung from laughing so hard. Only his idiot son could possibly turn one of the gentlest existences in the whole of the Dimensional Verse into one of the most dangerous just because he forgot to use his head. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Leonel tried to remain lucid but it was growing in difficulty the more and more time passed. He hardly registered when the last of Amery's aura shot out from himself, so he also didn't realize that he should be doing his very best to heal at this moment. At the same time, his consciousness began to slip away, his mind jarred by the flashbangs of pain.

It had been a long time since Leonel had run dry of his Dream Force. But, truth be told, he really didn't have a choice this time. Had he not poured everything he had into his battle with Amery, he wouldn't even be able to scream out in pain this way… because he would be dead!

Unfortunately, because he ran out of Dream Force, he no longer had the ability to use Dream Sense to dull his pain receptors and his mind also became incredibly foggy at the same time. If not for the pain, he would have long since passed out.

And the moment he did lose consciousness… He would be finished.

What Leonel couldn't see at this moment, though, was that a little girl who was all motes of light from the waist down was hanging in the air, looking down at him as though she was gazing upon the world's greatest idiot.

'What is wrong with this gene pool? Both father and son are fools! Foolish! Foolish! Foolish! Humph, I should just let him die!' Pa nda

Novel The little girl was adorable to an extreme. Her eyes were large and sparkling, her chubby cheeks triggered the impulse to pinch, and the way her small little hands rested on her waist made her look like a miniature adult that could make even the most stoic man's heart burst with a willingness to die protecting her… And yet, the words she spoke were so vicious.

Though the little girl was visibly annoyed, she still waved a hand and caused Leonel's half unconscious body to rise up from the water.

The truth was that his state was terrible.

His arm had imploded at the elbow and its hand was nothing more than a mangled mess. Beneath that, his chest had half caved in and was threatening to leak out inner organs of its own. His face was a sickly shade of white and his hair, which was usually a sparkling light violet, had lost whatever color it usually had as he hung on by a thread.

'Annoying. I was so close to the Seventh Dimension but this little fool made me wake up early, now all that energy is disappearing. Annoying! Annoying! Annoying! Who knows when he'll enter a Seventh Dimensional world with such rich energy like that again?!'

Even while she was enraged, the little girl still continued to wave her hands about.

"Activate [Force Conversion]. Set target to Vital Star Force. Convert to…" The little girl sent a gaze toward Leonel. "… Snow Force."

The moment the little girl finished these words, rays of light began to fall upon Leonel. The looked like falling snowflakes at one moment, but soon began to look like falling feathers in the next. The purity was unmatched and the sights were gorgeous to an extreme.

In just a few seconds, Leonel's Instant Recovery was filled to the brim and Dream Counter activated due to his near death state. The moment this happened, Leonel began to recover at a speed even the naked eye had a hard time keeping up with. However, the little girl didn't seem satisfied.

She continued to shake her head, looking at Leonel's hand. She was clearly hesitating about something.

'The Instant Recovery of a Sixth Dimensional beast is not enough to heal that injury. His hand won't ever be the same if I let it heal like this… Forget it, just take this as payment for the future. If you can't raise me to the Ninth Dimension like your father promised me you would, I'll bite you to death!'

The little girl knew that there'd be a price to pay for doing this, but she had no choice.

"Change conversion to Sixth Dimensional Life Force."