Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 897: Force Crystals

Force Crystal Mines were quite rare existences. Even after all of Leonel's travel, his stints on Planet Valiant and even his robbery on Planet Vincero, Leonel had still yet to run into a second Force Crystal Mine after the one he found on Earth.

What Leonel hadn't known back then was just how rare Force Crystal Mines were. To be produced, they not only needed time, but they also needed a world of a certain talent to produce the Force density that would be required.

Even something like a Force Eruption, which had the function of quickly increasing the energy density of a world, was an absolutely rare event only the most talented of worlds would experience. Other worlds would have to slowly accumulate their Force over time rather than being gifted it.

If one thought about it, didn't it make more sense for the common currency of the Dimensional Verse to be Force Crystals as opposed to Urbe Ore?

Well, the harsh truth was that Force Crystals were so rare that it simply didn't make sense to demand them for payment. It would be the equivalent of 21st century Earth suddenly demanding that all services be paid for in diamonds.

However, the Segmented Cube had a very unique ability called [Force Conversion].

The first and most obvious thing that could be accomplished was the conversion of one Force to another. This alone was a shocking feat enough to shake the Dimensional Verse. It was a shocking enough ability that even though the Morales family allowed many to know of the existence of the Spear Domain Heirloom, a very rare few were even aware of the existence of the Segmented Cube!

To change from one form of energy to a higher form of it was practically the work of a God!

Of course, there were drawbacks to this. Obviously, if you were converting from a lower level energy to a higher tier one, it would require exponentially more of the lower level. However, this price alone was one most would scramble to match no matter what the cost!

Not only could the Segmented Cube form higher levels of energy, it also had the ability to raise it to a higher Dimension as well! In fact, the only cap on this was dependent on the level the Segmented Cube was at currently.

At the moment, the Segmented Cube was in Phase Four. As such, it could only raise a given Force to the Sixth Dimension at best. But this was still shocking to an extreme… And it was just the first part!

Leonel couldn't help but look toward his hand.

As he was being healed, his consciousness was also slowly recovering. That had allowed him to see just how poorly his right hand had been healing.

Had it had been allowed to continue, Leonel was able to guess that he would probably have to deal with some phantom pain and countless layers of scar tissue for the rest of his life. Or, at the very least, until he broke into the Seventh Dimension.

But, near the end, a far higher source of Force in comparison to the Snowy Star Owl's Snow Force had invaded his wound and saved him from such a life. Toward this, Leonel could only be endlessly grateful. Without his hands in top condition, his Force Crafting would take a hit and he would have to change a lot of things about his plans…

Leonel wanted to thank that little girl, but he had no idea where she was at this point.

Shaking his head, Leonel turned his attention back to [Force Conversion].

Maybe even more fearsome than the first ability, [Force Conversion] was able to concentrate Force into an incredibly pure form and create Force Crystals with them!

The uses for Force Crystals were practically endless.

They could be used to power weapons of extraordinary power. They could be used as the energy source for high-level, grand scale Force Crafts. They could be used to speed up practice or meditation speed. They could be used to breakthrough bottlenecks. They could be used to comprehend the use of new Forces. They could be used to almost instantly replenish your stamina in battle…

The list seemed to go on forever. Leonel had had no choice but to cut the dictionary off at one point. But, he had latched onto one particular ability.

'Use to comprehend new Forces…?'

Everyone had an affinity, but this didn't mean that they couldn't use other Elements. In addition, there were many with certain affinities that had always been boxed into using one particular kind of their Element without ever exploring other options.

Two examples of this were Snow Force and Scarlet Star Force for Leonel.

Snow Force was a name Leonel was just learning today, having heard the young girl use it. Despite its name, it wasn't related to the water or ice element but was rather a fusion of Light and Star Force.

Compared to the fusion of Leonel's Scarlet Star Force, which was also a combination of both those Elements along with Fire, of course, Snow Force was very much lacking. One was top ten among Star Force, top three among Light Force and top one amongst Fire Force, but the other would be lucky to be ranked in the top 1000 of Star Force while it was not even top 100 in Light Force.

What was the point of this? Well, it was all to say that Leonel had an exceptionally high affinity for the Light and Stars, but the only forms of the Light Element or Star Element he used were the ones he was innately aware of how to use.

This was the same for most everyone else as well. It was difficult to grasp new forms of Elemental energies. Many were simply forced to stick with what you were born with.

However, Force Crystals in high enough concentrations would form their own Natural Force Arts. By observing and comprehending these Natural Force Arts, one could learn to use and evoke new forms of their Elemental energies.

After reaching this point in his thoughts, something in Leonel's mind clicked and he suddenly had a maddening idea he almost couldn't help but grin about.