Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 899: Breaking Down Lineage Factors

Leonel was absolutely fascinated by the idea, but he had so much to learn about it.

How were Lineage Factors formed and passed along? Were they just like the DNA of humans? Or was there another method?

How were Lineage Factors birthed? If they could come from the future, were there complex time laws to take into consideration? Or was it less about the 'future' and more about a much higher Dimension rewriting something it considered to be trivial in a lower Dimension?

Could Lineage Factors be snatched and taken? What really was the difference between abilities and Lineage Factors other than the fact the latter was hereditary while the former was not?

The ability steal Force Arts Leonel had run into in the Joan Zone, could they be used on Lineage Factors as well? Was there much of a difference to begin with? But this line of questioning also led back to what could possibly separate a Lineage Factor from an ability.

As far as Leonel could tell, in a broad sense, Lineage Factors were more wildly variable than abilities were. With the exception of unique abilities like Sael and Arnold's, most if not all abilities could be documented into an Ability Index, separated into levels, and have their abilities described in incredible detail.

However, Lineage Factors weren't like this at all. Some manifested like abilities, but many were so unique and variable that they were mostly kept close to the chest.

This conclusion was wildly different from what Leonel had originally thought of Lineage Factors. Back when he was much younger, he had thought that Lineage Factors were simple boosts to strength, speed and the like. In fact, Leonel very clearly remember questioning just how it could be possible to pass down affinity for a weapon from generation to generation. Such a thing baffled him, he almost hadn't believed Aina when she told him he had a Spear Lineage Factor.

However, Leonel wasn't as ignorant as he was in the past. He realized that his Spear Domain Lineage Factor wasn't giving him affinity for a weapon, it was giving him affinity for a certain kind of Force that was perfect for the spear—ie Spear Force.

It was a step deeper than this as well.

Through his analysis, Leonel found that the Spear Domain Lineage Factor essentially rewired a portion of his forebrain for its use. This rewiring of his brain made it easier for him to digest techniques while simultaneously routing his muscle memory in such a way that it was perfectly primed for usage.

If Leonel took it a step deeper, he would find it that this Lineage Factor not only made it easier for him to rewrite his muscle memory to take in large amounts of techniques, but it was also done in such a way that it made it particularly easy to use the spear.

If one wanted to route muscle memory for a sword, one would focus on flexible fibers and fast twitch muscles. However, Leonel's was routed in a way that emphasized power and balance more.

The more Leonel learned about his body, the more he realized just how scientific even the originally unknown could be. Leonel had grown to the point where he could describe the basic function of his Spear Domain Lineage Factor and why it worked so much better than Dreamscape did in learning spear techniques. However, it also made him keenly aware of just how far he was away from ever deeming to even attempt to improve such a Lineage Factor.

Still, Leonel found it all to be fascinating.

On Earth, 'muscle memory' wasn't 'real', per se. It was essentially a conditioned response to something that had been practiced over and over again. But, here, it was quite literal. Leonel could even follow the path of his firing neurons down to their final destination.

'It's beautiful…' Leonel thought to himself. '… Not only are the connections there, they only grow the more techniques I learn. However, while it happens immediately, it also works like memory.'

The memory of a human was fascinating. Clusters of neurons would be assigned to certain events and a memory would become more robust the more pathways to those neurons lighting up existed.

This meant something very simple. Just using his split minds to 'master' spears wasn't enough. Leonel had to also practice and apply these.

Now that Leonel thought about it, Amery had a weird habit of continuously swinging his sword even when he wasn't in battle. Each swing seemed normal, but they each had a profound truth behind it that Leonel couldn't grasp since he wasn't a swordsman.

Amery's habit must have been born out of him realizing this. He lived and breathed the sword.

Leonel was certain that if he could analyze Amery's body like he was doing his own, he was certain that the memory clusters, their connections, and their routes toward his muscles would be thousands of times more robust than his own.

A part of that would be due to the fact Amery had had more practice, another part would be because Amery was of a higher Dimension and thus had a mind with greater capacity, and the last part would be that Amery was far more obsessive than Leonel was.

What Leonel realized was that he couldn't just simulate this practice with his Dream Clones. Practicing in his Dream World wouldn't allow the neurons a chance to fire and proceed along the paths they were meant to. He needed to form a connection between the actual movement of his muscles and his memory. It was no wonder his Dreamscape was so much weaker than his Spear Domain Lineage Factor.

Leonel felt that there would come a day where he could control his cells to the point that even this could be simulated by him. But, for now, with his capacity so limited, he would have to do things the old fashioned way.

Leonel became more than just a small bit fascinated about all of this. When he turned his attention to his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor, he found more points of interest.

For example, his Bronze Runes worked like an entire organ system all to their own. It was they that both allowed Leonel's body the ability to digest and use metals to supplement his strength, almost like a cross between a digestive and circulatory system.

The process of 'opening' the gates within his body was essentially like opening the valves of a plumbing system. The more gates he opened, the more complex the Bronze Rune Organ System would become and the more layers and power it would manifest.

Of all Leonel's Lineage Factors, the only one he couldn't make heads or tails of was his King's Might Lineage Factor, at least not in a scientific sense.

But, at the same time, his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor was the absolute simplest of the bunch.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com