Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 905: Resolve

Leonel suddenly appeared amongst them all, a casual smile on his face. But, the instant he did, the members of Polished Glass felt like prostrating themselves, their very souls trembling in his presence.

They couldn't wrap their heads around what they were feeling for a long time until Keira's eyes suddenly widened, a shocking realization hitting her.

"You're not in the Third Dimension anymore!"

The shock sunk in for them all at once. They were so used to Leonel doing ridiculous things that they had completely forgotten that he was an entire Dimension below them. Now that he was suddenly a Dimension above them, it felt like they were in the presence of a God. Despite the fact Leonel's clothing couldn't have been more casual—even down to the sneakers on his feet—they still felt like they should be worshipping him.

"Ah, right." Leonel grinned. "I broke through. That's why I had to leave for such a long time, the next pieces of the technique I practice require passing a trial to get to."

Keira suddenly felt itchy all over. Leonel's strength was already so ridiculous in the Third Dimension, he had even managed to run from a building filled with Fifth Dimensional existences! Of course, they hadn't been prepared for his sudden murder of their young heiress, or else it wouldn't have been so simple. But the fact still stood.

Now that Leonel was in the Fourth… No…

Keira's eyes widened. "You're not in the Fourth Dimension…"

Keira gulped. Taking eight or nine months to cross an entire Dimension. What kind of monster was he?

Leonel had already told them all that he was from a family in the Seventh Dimension. He didn't seem to care about hiding massive matters most others would keep close to their chest. And, that was especially so when he was around his own people.

This was all to say that Keira knew that he would be a monster… But wasn't this too exaggerated?

Of course, if she knew that the Morales family still thought he was slow, she wouldn't know where to bow her head in shame.

"Let's forget about those little details. They're attacking, right? I can feel it."

Leonel's affinity for the Earth was on another level. In fact, he directly took off his sneakers even as he spoke, feeling the diamond etched flooring beneath his feet.

In that instant, he felt as though he could feel the vibrations throughout the whole of the planet. If he couple this with the now ridiculous range of his Internal Sight, hardly anything would escape his notice, even if it occurred hundreds of miles from him. ?????-?????

"Yes, they're attacking. But, there's no one of the Fifth Dimension…"

Leonel's lip curled. "So the least dangerous commander, huh?"

Keira grinned mischievously, nodding in agreement.

"Then we can have a little bit of fun."

"But…" Keira hesitated.

"I know what you want to say. I'm no longer in the Fourth Dimension so my going out will force their hand, right?"

"Not just that, but you're also the one they're looking for! If you go out, they'll ignore everything else and just target you."

Leonel chuckled. That was a fair point. He was so excited to jump into battle again he had almost neglected this. He could already hear his blood rushing and his heart pumping. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Also, Leonel, what is your goal, exactly? If you save Valiant Heart, then what?" Thilly suddenly spoke up, his eyes flickering nervously behind his glasses.

Unlike Allan, it seemed that Thilly really did need his glasses. Leonel hadn't been able to tell before, but now it caught his attention, making him quite curious.

"I'll be giving this planet to the Oryx." Leonel spoke without hesitation. "As for Valiant Heart Mountain, as presently constructed, they have reached the end of their road."

The room fell into silence. As for Leonel, his eyes narrowed. The first clash had begun.

Through his feet and his Internal Sight, Leonel's gaze was practically transported dozens of kilometers away. As though he was right there, he watched the first clash happen—the first spurt of blood, the first clang of two weapons, the first mournful cry…

The reason Leonel hesitated wasn't because he was worried about his safety. It would take a lot to threaten his life right now. What he was worried about was the implications it would have for Valiant Heart Mountain.

By now, Shield Cross Stars had definitely heard of these events. So, if he appeared now, not only would the Milky Way Guild think the organization had been harboring him, but Shield Cross Stars would likely also begin to target them in an above board manner for colluding with a fugitive.

But, Thilly's question had put everything into perspective for him. He had already decided that Valiant Heart Mountain couldn't exist anymore. In fact, the pressure that would be applied by both the Guild and Shield Cross Stars would make it even easier for the Oryx to take this planet.

'I'll have to apologize to Sael when I get the chance. Hopefully she won't hate me too much. After all… I owe her a favor for removing the slave brand from my forehead.'

Leonel bent down, rolling up his sweats until both legs rested at his calves. His palm flipped over, revealing a simple wooden spear. It seemed pristinely crafted, but there wasn't an ounce of a special aura coming from it or its blade.

"You guys head to the Force Crafting Guild. After I am done here, I will go meet up with you. Leave the treasures in the shop behind, they can consider it as a final farewell gift."

Without another word, Leonel vanished. When he appeared again, he stood so high in the skies that he was nothing but a faint dot to most.

His aura spread out, a rumbling might shaking the battlefield as though to alert them all of the presence. A Warlord of the battlefield had come, and his purpose was singular.

Then, Leonel began to fall.