Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 907: Shrill Cry

Leonel's aura continued to rise as one group after another fell to their knees. It felt like no matter how hard they tried, there was simply nothing they could do before his majesty. They could only watch in horror as the head of a genius spun through the air before landing on the ground with a dull plop.

Let alone the enemy organizations, even those to Leonel's back were in shock. It wasn't just that he dared to appear here, but also that he had taken just a single strike to deal with Rafthin who had just moments ago displayed a strength that made them all shiver.

Wissan's chubby cheeks trembled. The moment he saw Leonel attack, he felt the threat of death force the hair on the back of his head to stand tall. Out of reflex, he formed as many shields as he could in the blink of an eye and shot backward. However, even then, his knees continued to tremble, a deep fear taking root in his heart. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Emna clutched two daggers so forcefully that despite her palms never having touched the blade, blood still began to fall from them.

Her senses were even sharper than Wissan and Rafthin's. After Leonel appeared, she didn't move a single inch because she felt that it wouldn't make a difference. Whether she was one meter away or a hundred, it would only take a single thought for her to die. The only way for her to have preserved her life on this day was to not have stepped onto the battlefield at all.

Of course, Emna was also smart enough to know that Leonel's appearance here was like a death sentence to Valiant Heart, but who cared? She would be dead by then. Why should she care about her organization ultimately winning in the end?

"HOW DARE YOU?!"

Rage filled roars rose up from the backline of the three organizations. Their auras surged forward, trying to dispel Leonel's hold on their armies, but it was to no avail.

Leonel's foot rose. The clear movement of his toes, the glimpse of his sole, and the casual flex of his ankle made his actions seem as mundane as they could. And yet, by the time his foot touched the ground once more, he had vanished, appearing before Wissan who was just a moment away from pissing his pants.

The swing of Leonel's spear seemed slow. Every half a foot it moved in an arc left behind another clear image, harmonizing with the Light Elemental Force in the surroundings.

Leonel had found that practicing the swing of his spear while activating [Harmonic Spear] caused the nerves that made up his Spear Domain Lineage Factor to fire multiple times for just a single swing. The result was a single swing being worth up to ten or even more depending on the afterimages he produced.

He found it to be fascinating. The act of mapping out exactly the position his body had been to relay it to [Harmonic Spear] and thus leave a cloned afterimage in the air was actually helping him to train.

It seemed that this low level technique would have to follow him for a while.

PCHU.

Wissan's energy shields were sliced through like partially melted butter. He didn't stand a chance before he too found himself looking at his headless corpse. However, unlike Rafthin, he had been aware that he was about to die from start to finish… The result was him being forced to watch as a moist patch spread across the crotch of his corpse.

He died. Humiliated.

At that moment, the enraged auras of the elders of the three organizations charged through the army. It seemed that none of them had the ability to fly, so they could only take large leaps forward, crossing hundreds of meters at a time with fury lighting their gazes. ?????-?????

Among them was the elder from Rusted Blade with the exaggeratedly large great sword that had previously made Leonel chuckle, the old woman with a foot in the grave from Crimson Hall, and finally the silent old man from Misty Woods.

Even the silent old man couldn't seem to hold back his rage. He stared at Leonel with a brewing storm threatening to leap from his chest. They had never thought that such a thing would have happened right at the start of the battle. There was supposed to be a tacit agreement against such things, and yet here was Valiant Heart breaking those rules.

But, when they saw Leonel's face, they suddenly understood that his appearance couldn't have possibly been related to Valiant Heart. Sending him out, especially when the battle had just begun and they weren't anywhere near being in dire straits, was foolish to an extreme. It was like nailing their own coffin.

The fact that Leonel had come out of his own volition was obvious to anyone with half a brain. However, why would they give up this opportunity by admitting such a thing?

"Valiant Heart!" The shrill cry of the old woman shook the skies. "My Crimson Hall won't rest until only one of us remains! Such a shameless organization has no right to exist! 'Valiant'?! What exactly is Valiant about y—?!"

The old woman's shrieks were suddenly cut off as she rapidly moved to the side, horror painting her face.

In one moment, she looked perfectly fine. In the next, her arm flew into the air, flipping continuously amidst a fountain of blood. It looked oddly poetic.

Leonel shook his head. He should have been able to kill her with one stroke, the power gap between them was enormous. And yet, he was only able to take an arm.

Granted, he hadn't activated his Spear Domain Lineage Factor and was only using a single neuron at a time. But, he shouldn't have to go so far against such a weak opponent. He needed more practice.

"YOU—!"

The old woman froze. In the next moment, a thin line of red appeared at her forehead and quickly grew.

Before the stunned eyes of those watching, she was suddenly split into two, falling to the ground in two gory halves.