Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 908: Good Time

The silent old man and the Rusted Blade elder were stunned. Their raging blood suddenly iced over, whatever momentum they had dying out like the last embers of a fire.

Leonel had no idea why the old woman had been the most 'enraged' of them. After all, her genius, Emna, was the only one that Leonel hadn't killed. Of course, that was because Leonel still wanted to recruit Emna, but that was beside the point.

The fact she was still so shrill and annoying despite the fact her Crimson Hall had suffered the least was enough to prove that they had already latched onto Valiant Heart's 'weakness' and were prepared to eradicate them for Leonel's appearance.

This much Leonel had already expected, but he still found it annoying that they would bloviate about having the high moral ground so grandly. So, he decided to kill her first.

Plus, what got to Leonel the most was the mantra of Crimson Hall. They were an organization that loved blood and murder. They even taught their disciples that there was nothing more important. And yet here was their leader, shrieking over the death of warriors who had come to a battlefield.

It was ridiculous.

By now, there wasn't a single soul who didn't know Leonel was in the Fifth Dimension. It was hard to tell because he couldn't be quite considered to have firmly stepped into Tier 1, but his battle prowess was more than enough to force the elders to ignore this small difference.

To become an official Elder of a Bronze Organization at their level, one needed to enter Tier 1. The Organization Heads like the shrill old lady and Hutchin of Valiant Heart would be either Tier 2 or 3. As for the mysterious protector elders that had followed them to the competition on Planet Vincero, they would be Tier 4.

Much like in the Third and Fourth Dimensions, every three Tiers resulted in a large watershed, causing the gap between Tier 3 and Tier 4 to be quite large. This gap was enough for these old men and women to become the trump cards of a Bronze Organization.

However, what these numbers also showed was that Valiant Heart, Rusted Blade and the other two organizations were at the bottom of the barrel in terms of Bronze Organizations. They most definitely couldn't be compared to the Milky Way Guild which stood amongst the peak of Bronze Organizations, having a Quasi Sixth Dimension existence as their Head.

Knowing this now, it was no wonder the two Heads were frozen into silence. A Tier 3 expert had been killed with just two swings. Didn't that mean that Leonel already had the ability to single handedly eradicate their organizations?

The Head of Rusted Blade took a step back, slowly communicating with his four meter long great sword. For the first time in his life, he regretted just how enormous his weapon was. Why was it taking so long to enter his palm?!

The silent Head of Misty Woods released his aura, shattering his shoes into scattered fluttering pieces of leather and fabric.

His toes dug into the soil of the mountain pass, a strong surge of Wood Elemental Force pervading the surroundings as he kept his nerves tight and primed.

'Oh? Tier 4…'

Surprisingly, the Head of Misty Woods was already at the level of a mysterious elder. Clearly, he had kept this card close to his vest until now because even the Head of Rusted Blade was stunned. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Of course, it wasn't that Leonel couldn't have pried into the secret previously, it was that there was simply no point until just now. Who knows, maybe the gap between Tier 3 and 4 would be large enough to make this interesting.

"If you are doing this for your friends, I can tell you that they've already returned to Earth."

Leonel blinked when the usually silent old man spoke. Was he trying to get him to give up? What a sly old man.

If he left now, Valiant Heart would still be labeled as traitorous and it would only make it easier for them to take down. It seems the Head of Misty Woods thought that Leonel was worried about his friends so he took this risk.

The reality was that Leonel already knew his brothers returned to Earth. It couldn't have been more perfect timing. By now, Earth should have already entered the Fifth Dimension. Its speed was shocking to many, indeed.

Leonel simply smiled in response. "Let's fight."

Leonel shot forward, his figure leaving afterimages in its wake.

In that same instant, a tsunami of tree roots surged out of the ground, causing Leonel's brows to raise. The power of this move was not small. Surrounded by forest from all sides, it seemed that the Head of Misty Woods wasn't a pushover. ?????-?????

The Head of Rusted Blade finally got his blade into his hands, his aura flourishing. His gaze locked onto Leonel, his mind filled with murderous thoughts and intentions as Universal Force began to formulate around him.

Leonel suddenly found himself dashing through a death trap of thick trees, roots and branches. Sometimes he was right side up, but he often found himself running sideways and upside down just to dodge out of the next vice trap.

Leonel quickly realized, though, that the Head of Misty Woods' goal wasn't to immediately kill him. He was changing the terrain to make the battlefield as beneficial to himself as possible.

It was clear that compared to the shrill old woman and the Head of Rusted Blade, this old man knew how to use his head.

The Head of Misty Woods took a deep breath as scales of bark began to cover him from head to toe. An ancient, wizened aura exuded from him as his strength and momentum continued to grow.

He rose his palms before him and turned them to face the sky, angling them at a 45 degree angle to make it seem as though he was holding a large book with pages twice the size of his head.

At that moment, Leonel's pupils constricted as he felt a subtle shift in the atmosphere. Today would be the day he met his first religion of the Dimensional Verse. It was most definitely not going to be a good time.

"O Goddess of the Evergreen. Hear my call…"