Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 909 - Time

An energy Leonel had never sensed before pervaded the air. If he had to describe it, he would say that it felt as though World Force and Universal Force had fused into an all new sort of Force that suddenly gave this Head before him, who was already going to be slightly difficult to deal with, even more strength to work with.

The trouble with Leonel's current level was that he had yet to create or learn Fifth Dimensional techniques that could supplement his raw strength. The only exception to this was [Star Fusion], but he couldn't very well take out his trump card for this battle, right?

Now with the Head suddenly bringing out his full power, feeling the threat of Leonel, this would be troublesome indeed.

At that moment, the countless layers of wooden vines around Leonel suddenly began to rise up and fuse into one. The odd Force grew into a tempest, even faintly suppressing Leonel's own aura to the point he couldn't help but narrow his eyes.

In one moment, Leonel was jumping through an obstacle course of tree roots. In the next, a large palm formed of wood suddenly blotted out the sky.

It was ten meters from palm to tip and was constructed of numerous overlapping vines. Just the momentum of its downward swing alone made it feel as though the air around Leonel was solidifying, the harsh whistling and whining grating on the ears.

It felt to anyone observing that the moment the palm fell, everything beneath it would be eradicated. But, what was most shocking to Leonel was that he found his Force being restricted as though he had suddenly stepped into a higher Dimensional world. Even his Spatial Force didn't seem to want to allow him to dodge out of the way.

How could Leonel not be shocked? He had never heard of such a Force before, and he had definitely not expected someone like the Head of Misty Woods to have access to it.

The Head continues to hold out his palms, his face the picture of piety and reverence. It was like he could almost feel his Goddess embracing him, like he could sense the touch of her lips to his forehead. For her, he would do anything.

Leonel found his ankles bound and his wooden spear refused to listen to him. It was clear that his spear preferred to listen to the call of the Wood Elemental Force around it rather than Leonel himself.

Leonel shook his head. He had a feeling that if it was Amery, even a Seventh Dimensional Wood Elemental Force user wouldn't be able to make his sword react like this.

Leonel's spear couldn't have been more common. With a simple knife, he could easily carve one far better. But, Leonel still felt like this was true.

'It might be in the way I use Spear Force. Is it just a blade for sharpening? Or is it more than that? If it's just a blade, what would be different between different weapon Forces? Wouldn't they all be the same…?'

Leonel felt like he had grasped onto something. His Dreamscape began sparking, but what was especially curious was the fact the sparks were trying to connect his Spear Force, his Mage Arts… and the Head of Misty Woods' odd Force? What could possibly link these?

Seeing that Leonel was actually absentminded in battle, the people of Valiant Heart panicked.

By this point, the palm was only five meters above Leonel's head. Depending on the angle, it seemed that he had already been engulfed. There was already nowhere to run.

Leonel's clothing fluttered wildly beneath the pressure, his hair almost threatening to fly from his scalp. Even keeping his eyes open at this moment was a difficult task as hurricane force winds whipped about with impunity.

Leonel finally looked upward, a calm expression on his face. For a moment, the winds around him settled down as though they couldn't move in his presence.

'[Meteoric Impact].'

Leonel sent out a simple piercing strike upward, its image layering several times over.

ᰍaꪧda ᱅o᱇ꫀl The instant his spear blade met the palm of wood, the world went silent for a moment. And then, it all imploded.

BANG!

A tempest of raging flames shot into the air like a crimson cone. It blasted a whole through the palm so wide that Leonel's figure was completely unharmed when the rest of it descended.

Leonel's sudden burst of Fire Elemental Force was so massive that all the water vapor in the air vanished in an instant. The temperature skyrocketed, the air became dry, and the skin of those in the surrounding became to crackle and redden.

Flames licked across the Head of Misty Woods' technique, threatening to burn an entire forest of trees along with it.

At that moment, the Head of Rusted Blade appeared before Leonel, his four meter long blade descending from the skies with every intention of severing everything in its path.

Despite having blade in their title, the men and women of Rusted Blade all used blunt weapons. Their mantra focused on power. They didn't care if their edge was dulled by rust, their strength alone was supreme!

The Head was a veteran of battle. He had chosen the instant Leonel released a devastating attack to make his move, believing that the latter wouldn't be able to release another so powerful in a short time. His action would also give the Misty Woods Head a chance to regroup and form an even more powerful attack.

Unfortunately… He had no way of knowing that Leonel saw [Meteoric Impact] as a foundational skill to his combat style. Meaning… It was his least taxing technique and the one he would use the most often.

A powerful attack? Sure, maybe to him. But to Leonel…

'[Vanishing Blade].'

Leonel stabbed out his spear at empty air. Before the Head could even be happy that it seemed his guess was correct, he felt a splitting pain at his forehead.

Just like that, before he could even cross the last hundred meter distance between himself and Leonel, and even before he could get a clear view of Leonel's face through all the branches and roots, his life was snuffed out.

Leonel, though, was shaking his head. He hadn't wanted to use techniques in this battle, but he had already been forced to. It seemed he had a long way to go. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The Head of Rusted Blade's sacrifice had done something, though… It didn't buy a lot of time, but just a small bit of breathing room was all the silent old man needed.

His aura was pushed to a new level and Leonel's flames were snuffed out in a single breath.