Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 913: No Longer

The cloaked figures that had been standing around the leading man stood in shock. Though he had a big mouth, that man was still a Tier 4 expert.

One had to understand that not all Tier 4 experts were of the same strength. Just like Leonel could battle them with ease despite not having firmly stepped into Tier 1, there were many Tier 4 experts stronger than what the Head of Misty Woods had displayed.

The truth was that the Head of Misty Woods had a large weakness: He needed to be in a state of prayer to display such strength. However, the cloaked man Leonel had just killed could display the same strength without needing to rely on a God or Goddess. And yet, just like that, he had been killed.

To make matters worse, they were standing almost half a kilometer from Leonel. They had thought to probe him to see if he really could use that attack again or not. And yet, the result was absolutely devastating. In the blink of an eye, one of theirs had been killed.

Leonel didn’t even react to this. Standing within 500 meters of a sniper even back on Third Dimensional Earth was a death sentence. To the current Leonel, they would have to stand more than ten kilometers away to have a chance at dodging.

Leonel had wanted to use this battlefield as a chance to gain some battlefield experience and maybe hone himself a bit. The fact he wasn’t taking this seriously was almost too obvious.

He hadn’t activated his Bronze Runes nor his Spear Domain. He was using a wooden spear and he had initially not even wanted to use the spear techniques he had learned previously.

Unfortunately, his nonchalance almost caused him to suffer. Of course, there wasn’t much he could do about being targeted by a God’s seal, but it still pissed him off. Then, these cloaked figures—obviously being the ‘hidden’ experts the Milky Way Guild had sent—pissed him off even more.

Clearly, this wasn’t going to be the battlefield he got to practice on. In that case, he might as well just end this all as quickly as he could have before.

With a slight shift of his barrel, Leonel’s sniper rifle whirred to life again. It was unlike anything those around had ever seen.

The moment it jumped to life, the barrel began to radiate with a beautiful golden light, following the pattern of Force Arts etched directly onto it. Before the light could make it to the end, though, several hovering disks of precious metals appeared before the barrel of the rifle, each with a slight curve of their own.

BANG!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The instant the rifle fired, the light charged out, coursing through these hovering disks of gold. If one looked closely, with every one it passed through, the beam of light only became more concentrated and faster. By the time it exited the last of the disks, it had a speed so fast that it was almost impossible to react to at all.

In the blink of an eye, another head imploded.

“RUN!”

The rest of the cloaked figures didn’t dare to stay around any longer. Their hair stood on end and fear gripped their hearts. But… What would running now do?

With cold precision, Leonel sniped them down one after another. The last one that fe.l had already managed to make it more than seven kilometers away despite how fast Leonel was shooting, and yet it didn’t matter at all. He fell just the same.

Leonel swept a gaze over the scattered remains of the three organizations’ army.

“Are you all going to run? Or would you like me to kill you too?”

The army, which had already been scattered, didn’t need to hear this twice. Without hesitation, they all dashed off, returning to the platform they had used to descend to the planet in the first place.

They raged and jostled for position as they fought to be the first ones to leave. In the end, they ended up using far more time than they needed to eventually completely evacuate.

Leonel’s gaze on their backs was like the sigh of a reaper weighing down on them with a scythe. None of them even dared to look back as they rushed forward, unwilling to stay even a moment longer.

Moments later, the battlefield was silent. Right then, there were several pairs of eyes on Leonel’s back which seemed all too ridiculous considering the sight of lava still gushing forth before them all. And yet, Leonel seemed far more fascinating than it all.

Aphestus clutched his daggers. Raylion didn’t seem to have much of an expression at all, but something within his eye told a different story. As for Sael, she felt a whirl of complicated emotions.

Just two years ago, she was powerful enough even to extend favors to Leonel. But now, the difference between them was so great that she almost felt embarrassed.

Was this the benefit of being born from such a large family? Even if Leonel didn’t benefit from their resources, was just having a portion of their genes enough to warrant such an enormous gap between the two of them?

Unfortunately, that seemed to be the way of the world.

Leonel coughed lightly, another clump of black fog flying from his mouth. Luckily, the passive healing of his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor had increased. Unluckily, so had his Scarlet Star Force’s ability to cause trouble.

Leonel didn’t even bother to cast [Grand Heal]. He knew that at his current level, it was absolutely meaningless. It wouldn’t even heal a paper cut for him right now, he needed to research stronger spells. Luckily, his run-in with Goddess Evergreen had given him some ideas.

Finally, Leonel looked up into the skies, his gaze narrowing. Without looking back, he spoke.

“I’m sure you all are smart enough to understand. From this day forth, Valiant Heart Mountain can no longer exist. For your own safety, I hope that none of you are stubborn about this.”