Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 919: Weed

Something within Leonel clicked. If one looked within his Dream World, it would be possible to find a partially complete Dream Sculpt of the Valiant Pillars.

The truth was that the Valiant Pillars weren't a simple treasure. They had aspects far above the Fifth Dimension to their design and obviously Leonel didn't have the time to Dream Sculpt all of it, nor would there be a point to. After all, in his current state, the best Mage Arts he could use would be in the Fifth Dimension.

Luckily, Leonel's skill in Dream Sculpt had increased. He was able to 'lower the resolution' of portions that would slow his progress and Sculpt the parts he needed in the highest 'resolution' possible.

This technique not only allowed him to Dream Sculpt things with greater speed, but it also left him with just enough information to go back and complete the Dream Sculpt later should he need it, using the parts of 'lower resolution' to deduce a 'higher resolution' result.

This Dream Sculpt had been completed by Leonel long ago. In the past several minutes, he had been using it as the foundation for a new Mage Art, his finger continuously sweeping through the air.

'Fascinating… King's Might makes it easier for me to see through the essence of something and capture what makes it… it. Then these Mage Arts would probably benefit from having King's Might incorporated into them.'

 Leonel took a deep breath. "[Valiant Seal]."

In that moment, all the wind of the world seemed to freeze as though time itself had come to a halt. The air itself solidified, compressing onto itself in layers and making it harder and harder to move.

Just then, the ground began to tremble. Something began to rise from beneath the surface forming a dome of earth at first and quickly refining itself into a polished cylindrical construct.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The moment this odd pillar began to manifest, the impact on the world it had accelerated. By this point, the green leaves of trees stopped swaying, the grass no longer rustled, and even the lava that had been flowing in the area came to a grinding halt, not moving forward a single inch more.

The pillar had only risen half a foot out of the ground when Leonel cut his Force off, forcing the spine tingling phenomena to come to a stop.

Leonel coughed, his charred organs acting up again. Toward this, he could only shake his head.

If he was still in the Fourth Dimension of his Metal Body, he could probably try absorbing some Star Core, Refractive Gold or Blazing Night to heal himself. But, he had already broken into the Fifth. He wasn't sure if those Fourth Dimensional Ores would still have the impact he wanted.

The good news, though, was that those combination of ores had indeed helped his body to withstand his Scarlet Star Force a bit better. If not for this, his Metal Body which currently couldn't even truly be considered Tier 1 wouldn't stand a chance.

'I need to find Fifth Dimensional Ores very soon. I also need to heal myself… It seems that the Force Crafting Guild really is the place I have to go. But maybe…'

Leonel narrowed his eyes. His experience with creating [Valiant Seal] taught him a few things. 

First, with a reference to work with, creating new Mage Arts was far easier and tens of times faster. This was probably the inverse for someone else, but for Leonel who had his Dream Sculpt ability, it wasn't a problem in the slightest. In fact, it could be said that Leonel practically had a cheat code toward creating Mage Arts now.

The second thing he learned, which was a proxy to the first, was that these Mage Arts he created would be far more powerful, not to mention having far less drain on his stamina. This latter conclusion was a surprise to Leonel, but he came to understand after a moment.

When Leonel 'deduced' the creation of new Mage Arts, he was building something from the ground up. In addition, though he could streamline the process later, this would often weaken the effective result of the Mage Art.

Leonel's attempts at building Mage Arts from the ground up resulted in overly elaborate, though quite beautiful and intricate, constructs. Unfortunately, that made it so that they took time and effort to draw in battle.

To Leonel, it was still possible due to his abilities. But, just because he could do it didn't mean that he should, even if he could often quickly replenish the Dream Force he used thanks to his Stars.

However, now, with King's Might involved, Leonel only had to use half the Dream Force he would have to otherwise. Coupling that with a far less complex Mage Art overall and this resulted in an added ease that could be measured in tens of times.

Of course… This was only in comparison to if Leonel had to build up a Mage Art from scratch that accomplished the same goal. Just now, Leonel had felt that if he completed the cast of [Valiant Seal], it would have taken up 10% of his stamina, and that was just with the formation of one pillar.

He had already calculated that for the best, fool proof method of use, he would need to form four pillars. That meant a single cast of [Valiant Seal] would take almost half of his stamina up. And, that was the simplest form of [Valiant Seal] with much of its more complex portion drawn out in 'low resolution'.

On the other hand, if he used his original method, he would have needed to wait until he reached the peak of the Fifth Dimension to even dream of casting it at all.

If that was the case, what Leonel needed to think of wasn't new Mage Arts to use, but he rather needed valuable references that were worth him creating Mage Arts based off on.

With a thought, Leonel took out a special herb he had had with him for years. Back during the hive island event, he managed to plunder this herb… Three-Vein Mending Weed.

Leonel remembered his curiosity back then quite well. He wondered if he could incorporate the Natural Force Arts of this Quasi Black Grade Herb into his armor to give it self healing properties. Of course, back then, he hadn't known enough about his Divine Armor to know that it was naturally ingrained with such an ability to begin with.

Now that he thought about it… he had definitely been really close to using nature as his muse back then…

This was just a Quasi Black Grade Herb… But it was a good test to see just how powerful this new method of Force Art creation was. 