Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 920 - l Need

Leonel didn't have to Dream Sculpt this herb. He had already done so back then and it took him an entire two days. Of course, it would only take him a split second now, but that hardly mattered.

Leonel closed his eyes for a moment before they flashed open.

"[Mending Light]."

Leonel's body suddenly began to glow as crisscross patterns of what looked like blade marks erupted across him. One could have thought that some sort of Light Elemental Swordsman had instantly cut him into a thousand pieces before retracting his blade.

Soon, the patterns solidified and sunk into Leonel's body like some sort of binding rope. Even Leonel couldn't help but be fascinated by the method the Mage Art took.

Usually, when he built Mage Arts from the ground up, he would know exactly how it would function before he cast it. But, this form of Mage Arts gave him little surprises from time to time.

'I wonder… No two herbs are identical. What would happen if I had used a different herb of this exact same species? Would the pattern be different?'

Leonel was completely intrigued. It took him a moment to actually begin analysing the results.

'The impact was minimal. But, the fact there was a slight change at all is shocking enough… That was a Third Dimensional Mage Art yet it still had some impact, though some of that is because it was created with Fifth Dimensional Light Force.

'There's a glaring problem, though. The Three-Vein Mending Weed is a Wood Elemental herb. Using it as the basis of a Light Elemental Art is already handicapping it.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'I not only need to find a stronger herb as a foundation, it also needs to be one that fits with the affinities I have.'

This was the third thing Leonel realized. He couldn't just use any reference.

Why was his [Valiant Seal] so powerful? It was because he had the appropriate Earth and Space Elemental affinities. In fact, because his Space affinity was reliant on his Divine Armor, if he ever chose to build a Divine Armor with a different Element, he likely would never be able to reach the full potential of [Valiant Seal]. That was something he needed to be aware of.

 'This path… It's excellent.' All ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ full.com

Leonel found himself to be quite excited about this. But at the same time, the dread of missing out creeped back up again.

If he hadn't run into the Head of Misty Woods and he hadn't been forced to use his religion in a bid against him, how long would it have taken Leonel to have this breakthrough? There was just so much of this world that he had no idea about.

'Holing myself up and thinking of ways to accelerate my strength will never work. I need to experience the world…'

"Mm…"

A groggy voice suddenly caught Leonel's attention.

"Hey? Hey?! Hey! What the hell is this?! Let me down! Let me down right—!"

Leonel let Aphestus go, causing the latter to fall right onto his large nose.

It was safe to say that Aphestus was furious. First he had been humiliated by Leonel. Then he had been easily defeated. Then, as though that wasn't bad enough, he was held up like a sack of potatoes then dropped to the ground like trash.

He jumped to his feet. Though his nose wasn't broken as it would take far more than just that to harm his body, it still began to bleed, making his fury funnier than it should be.

Just when Aphestus was going to implode, he and Leonel both noticed a figure descending from the skies.

Flying was a difficult thing to do unless you had an ability or a treasure that helped you. Clearly, this person was among the former group and had an ability. It didn't take long for Leonel to realize that it was Raylion.

Raylion touched down to the ground, standing exactly two meters from Leonel and the furious Aphestus. He was just as apathetic as ever. This was the same expression he had worn even after Aina had beaten him all those months ago. He just seemed unmoved by most things.

"Let's go, Aphestus."

"Ah… But—!"

Aphestus had gone through all that trouble to lower himself and ask Leonel to let them join all so that Raylion didn't have to do the same. But, clearly, Raylion still had no intention of staying like this.

Raylion didn't say anything to convince Aphestus, he simply turned and walked away.

Aphestus let out a deep sigh. He knew that there wasn't anyone more prideful than Raylion. Or maybe there was… But he had just yet to meet the person. Even against such odds, he had no intention of bending a knee.

Aphestus swept a glance at Leonel, half pleading. But, it soon became obvious to him that Leonel had no intention of saying anything either.

He felt a flash of hatred for Leonel, but it was quickly overwhelmed by helplessness. Why would the potential Heir of such a powerful family care about them enough to lower his pride for their sake? He probably thought Raylion's so-called pride to be nothing more than a joke.

Aphestus clenched his fists and his canines nearly shattered as his jaw trembled.

They hadn't known previously that Leonel had such a strong background. Ingsan and Hutchin had only recently 'let it slip'… Their meaning had been clear, they hoped that some of them would be taken under Leonel's wing.

But, Sael was broken, Raylion was too prideful, and he… well he wanted to stay by Raylion's side. That was his brother, he couldn't leave him for greener grass now.

Aphestus turned and walked away, his poor posture straightening in a rare instance.

"I need information."

The voice came suddenly and out of nowhere. It was clearly from Leonel, but when Aphestus' head snapped back, Leonel was already no longer there.

"And I need a lot of it."

The voice rang again.

Raylion didn't seem to have stopped his steps for even a moment. But, if one could gaze into his eyes, it would be possible to witness a blazing fire. 