Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 924 - Blood Mercury

Leonel stood before the gates indifferently. Did he think that this would be enough to make it in? Quite frankly, he doubted it. However, he had to try no matter what.

The truth of the matter was that the greatest issue he was facing weren't his injuries or even the time it would take to go through this process all over again. Of course, these things were major problems, but they weren't existential. The main issue was that this might be one of the only chances he ever got to enter the Guild normally.

Leonel hadn't forgotten that he was still a wanted criminal. The universe was just so large that enforcing such things was difficult, especially when the information had been suppressed by those who put out his warrant to begin with.

However, Leonel wasn't a fool. There was still very much a chance that he would be exposed soon. When that time came, this matter would only blow up all the more. By then, he wouldn't have a chance to exchange 12 hours for entry into this place at all, even if he was willing.

He had to take this opportunity while his name and face weren't known galaxy-wide to accomplish some things or else he would just ram head first into trouble wherever he went.

If Leonel had to point out what his goals were right now, it was to place down a solid foothold in the Milky Way that extended beyond what he could build on Earth. He didn't know why—at least, it wasn't something he could put into words—but for some reason, he innately saw his own grandfather as competition. He saw Earth as a place to be conquered, not as a power backing him.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Looking at things this way, Leonel was on his own. But, he wasn't aimless.

Since the Milky Way Guild was targeting him, he didn't mind sacrificing it toward his goals. What better way to lay a foundation than to use the resources of the largest Merchant Guild in the galaxy?

This was all to say that Leonel couldn't be stalled here, not now. For all he knew, Shield Cross Stars was already aware of his appearance here. He didn't know how deep their hooks had sunk into this galaxy, but he had to be cautious.

Just as Leonel was fully prepared for the worse case scenario, a commotion to his back never allowed the guards to reply to his hardly veiled threat. Turning back, Leonel found a carriage of white wood and golden leaves being pulled along by a white steed. The beast's limbs were powerful and its mane was long and pristinely tailored.

In truth, it felt as though the beast had stepped right out a fairy tale. The only thing it was missing was a horn and Leonel would believe he had been teleported into another Mythological Zone, this one being for Cinderella.

However, though this horse looked like a relatively normal horse Leonel would even be able to find on Earth, this was only on the surface. Leonel could sense that its blood was very heavy, rushing through its veins like mercury. Its eyes didn't seem to be formed of flesh, but rather of an intangible light that floated within their sockets. And, most shocking of all…

This steed was within the Quasi Sixth Dimension, and yet it was only tasked with pulling a carriage.

'That carriage… Is a Silver Treasure.'

The longer Leonel observed, the more ridiculous it all seemed to become.

Carriages weren't exactly frequently seen, especially not on this Planet. As one might have expected, those who were allowed vehicles were those of high standing, and most of them chose to travel through the air in sleek, top of the line shuttles. Everyone else had to use their own two feet. Only when it was necessary to cross large distances would they use convenient teleportation hubs drawn from Force Arts.

This was to say that this carriage was the only one on the streets and its destination was also quite clear.

The expressions of Xander and Rio changed.

"Get out the way, move, move!" Rio barked at both Leonel and the others lining up behind him.

Currently, there was a queue waiting to enter the main territory of the Guild. Of these queues, there were two. One door for those who could enter and exit the main Guild freely and a second for those like Leonel who had more special circumstances.

These two doors were only small side entrances to the main gate. However, in order to open the main gate, both doors had to be closed and the mechanisms had to be activated.

Obviously, whoever could ride in a Silver Grade treasure pulled along by a Quasi Sixth Dimensional beast couldn't possibly use a side entrance to enter the Guild.

Xander and Rio hadn't expected the special guest to come so early on so they were already shouting orders. Truthfully, most hadn't needed their warnings. They knew their place well. They had no intention of getting in the way of such a bigshot.

However… Leonel didn't move a inch. He stood in the middle of the gates as though they were being prepared to be opened for him and him alone.

"Did you not hear what we said?! Scram!"

This was their last chance to scare Leonel away. They couldn't show such an unsightly appearance to this guest. They had been warned so many times that everything needed to be perfect. This was why they couldn't allow Leonel into the Guild. And yet, this bastard was still causing trouble.

They immediately unleashed their strength, bearing down on Leonel as though to show him that they weren't joking.

Unfortunately for them, other than a slight fluttering of his hair, Leonel was completely unmoved. Both Xander and Rio were Tier 4, making them quite powerful, truth be told. But, Leonel had killed four such experts just yesterday.

The horse and carriage continued to move forward. The oppressive pressure of the steed alone made Xander and Rio shiver, fear lighting their eyes.

Leonel might not know the exact species of this steed, but they did.

The Blood Mercury race. A steed with the temper of a demon and the patience of a lit fuse.

And now, it was too late to get out of its way.

Leonel felt a billowing heat suddenly blow down the back of his neck.