Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 926 - Justice!

The aura washed through the streets. The spectators felt as though their hearts were suddenly caught in their throats and the two guards, Xander and Rio, caught in the line of fire, almost wanted to prostrate themselves to the ground.

Everyone seemed to look toward Leonel who must have been feeling the brunt of it. Some had expressions of subterfuge, others pity, and others were just focused on staying out of it, not wanting to get dragged into this mess.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

However, what no one expected was for Leonel to suddenly look back and gaze toward the older woman who had yelled at him as though he was seeing a savior.

"Ah! You finally came! I really need your help!"

Leonel dashed to stand before the woman, ignoring the beautiful Lady Anya and Little White. Among the two of them, though, it seemed that Little White was the most dissatisfied with Leonel's 'departure', as she was very much enjoying being pet.

Leonel stood before the older woman with a half pleading expression as though a child seeking out his grandmother for being wronged. Obviously, the older woman had no security to speak of. After all, even though Crafters usually had poor combat prowess, they were also known for having various Crafts to make up for that gap.

If there was any singular group of people with the most trump cards in the world, it was definitely a Force Crafter. And, more specifically, a Force Crafter who was nearing the end of their lifespan and had little else to do but tinker in hopes of a breakthrough.

Plus, the older woman was a Tier 7 existence. She wasn't under any threat from anyone. Even the guards of the Guild should be afraid of her. The only reason she was even making a public appearance now was due to Lady Anya's own appearance.

This was all to say that not only was there no one who blocked Leonel, but there was also no one even in position to block him to begin with.

In the blink of an eye, he had appeared before the older woman. Due to their difference in height, he was practically towering over her, and yet he still managed to seem like the harmless child in this exchange.

"Ma'am, you seem to be very powerful and have high standing, right? Then I ask that you please administer justice for me.

"I just spent the last half day going through customs and this is my first time in the Guild's territory. I have to say that I'm in awe of its beauty and grandeur, and up until the moment I reached the gates, I was enthusiastic and excited to become a great Crafter.

"However, when I got to the gates and presented my documents, these two guards here actually tore them up! I was appalled. The dignity of the Guild was actually being blasphemed in such a way, even two guards dared to simply shred its prestige in the face of so many eye witnesses!

"I have to say that I've never felt more terrible, even my heart aches. I was told that the Force Crafting Guild was the best place to be for my future, that it was a place where anyone could become a Crafter so long as you had the skill.

"But, I was turned away just because I wanted to take the Force Crafters Exam! These two, Xander and Rio, even implied that they'd turn me away every time I came! Please help me!"

Leonel's voice was imploring and moving, it even looked like he might shed a real tear at any moment. On top of that, he had spoken so quickly and with such conviction and clarity that despite being stunned, the old woman who had had every intention of blowing her top, could only be shocked to the point of deflating like a balloon.

It was clear that even she couldn't ignore the slight coercion in Leonel's voice. In fact, many of those who were listening, even when they had been sneering before, suddenly felt the need to feel bad for him.

If the old woman had gathered her thoughts first, maybe she would have had a different reaction. But, seeing Leonel's plea and how he suddenly swung his body to point toward the two pale guards, she spoke before she even realized what was happening.

"Is what he says true?"

The old woman regretted her words almost instantly. This wasn't what she should have asked. She should have pretended that Leonel was speaking nonsense and told him to scram, maybe even find a trumped up charge to have him arrested or banned from their world. However, since she asked this, she had opened up a can of worms.

'Dammit! Deny it! Deny it you fools!' The old woman screamed in her mind.

Xander and Rio, having no idea what the old woman was thinking, panicked. All they could remember was Leonel pointing out all of the cameras, not to mention pointing out that he had recorded the event personally as well. How could they assume that the older woman would be willing to lie for them? They both thought they were caught. They only hoped that by telling the truth, they could get a lesser punishment.

The two lowered their heads and gripped their fists.

"… Y-yes. It's true."

"You… You…"

The older woman pointed a wrinkled finger toward the both of them. To outsiders, it looked as though she was enraged by their foul conduct. But the reality was that she was infuriated by the fact they hadn't dared to be foul enough!

How was she supposed to deal with this situation now?! Not only had their branch Guild made a terrible first impression, but in order to save some face she might even have to extend some sort of olive branch to this troublemaker.

She practically seared Leonel's face into her memories. She was already thinking of several ways to make Leonel's life a living hell. Since you wanted to be in the Guild so bad, she would show him what it meant to be in the Guild!