Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chpater 935 - TryRe𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Bind him."

The middle aged man said coldly.

Ossan's expression changed. "What is the meaning of this?! I am a seed of the Viola family's main bloodline! You can't do this to me!"

The middle-aged man hardly reacted to this 'realization'. It was clear that he was perfectly aware of Ossan's identity as the young waitress had reported this. This was part of the reason why they had sent someone of his stature to deal with such a thing to begin with.

The Feather Star warriors of the Luxnix family were not a joke. They were an elite guard that rarely, if ever, saw the light of day.

They were split into four tiers. Starless, Four Point, Eight Point, and Twelve Point.

Of course, this ranking system was based on the most famous symbol of the Luxnix Family: The Twelve Pointed Star. Not many knew or understood the secrets behind this symbol or how it related to the Snowy Star Owl, or if it was related at all, but what they did know was that the Luxnix family would be willing to go to war to protect its prestige.

To be a Twelve Point Feather Star Guard was the absolute highest honor and such trump cards rarely left the family grounds. But, this could even be said for the Starless guards as well. The fact that an Eight Point Feather Star guard was actually sent here was enough to show just how serious this matter was and how furious the Luxnix family was about these circulating rumors.

Ossan wasn't able to resist as he found his wrists and ankles chained. His combat prowess wasn't very high to begin with, so how could he be a match for such elite warriors?

The entire city fell into silence as Ossan was dragged away. The number of eyewitnesses were so numerous that it was impossible to hide, and maybe the Luxnix family didn't want to hide it.

At the same time, though, those that had a guess as to what was happening didn't dare to say a word.

There was a saying on 21st Century Earth that said what appeared on the internet would always be there. It was just a way of letting everyone know that there were some things that couldn't be taken back and it wasn't so easy to erase the truth.

However, were things still so simple when the technology in question was far beyond that time? What if the government had absolute control? What if there was a powerful existence that could decide your life and death on a whim?

Maybe in those cases, it wouldn't necessarily be impossible to shape and change the 'truth'…

Unfortunately, the Luxnix family wasn't on its own. There were two other families with its level of strength in this region, and one of them was already targeting them.

This was just the beginning of a brewing storm and the one who started it all—Rychard—was nowhere near the destruction.

**

Across the Dimensional Verse, back in a galaxy far weaker—on the surface, that is—a group of elders sat in abject shock, unable to gather themselves.

It felt like every test they gave Leonel, he passed with just enough to reach a Tier 3 standard. And yet, it was done with such ease that it couldn't have been more obvious to them that his skill was beyond just this.

Even though Anya was also shocking in her own right, completing the Tier 1 trials with a steady and sweet smile on her face, they had already expected as much from her. But, this Leonel came out of nowhere and even seemed to have more skill than many of them.

The truth was that Leonel was only truly being held back by his Designation. Due to his weak Dimension in the past, his finger speed, dexterity and strength couldn't keep up with the rest of him. The only reason he had even been able to forge Bronze treasures back then was thanks to his Metal Body. Unfortunately, though it gave him strength, it didn't give him the corresponding dexterity and flexibility

Now, though, those shackles had been shattered. Leonel's hand speed was at a Superior Grade One Designation for the Bronze Grade, granting him perfection. Leonel also felt that if he used [Star Fusion], he could even push past this to a Silver Grade Designation!

In the end, there was no fault Elder Isoltihne could find. Somehow, their small branch had gained another Tier 3 Bronze Crafter, leaving them at a loss for words. Even their best Crafter, an older man who was currently not present, was only Tier 4. Right behind him was Isoltihne, but she was only Tier 3… Just like Leonel.

They truly didn't know how to wrap their heads around this.

One had to know that in the Guild, status wasn't based on seniority or family power… It was all based on skill. In the blink of an eye, Leonel suddenly had the same level of authority they all did and also had the same amount of say.

He had gone from someone who could be blocked at a gate to an existence that could directly kill a guard for even daring to think of doing such a thing.

"Done?" Leonel asked.

His expression didn't look like he had done anything particularly impressive. In fact, he looked quite calm and relaxed.

In truth, as he had been undergoing these tests, he had been thinking more about what Anya had said to him as opposed to anything else. He felt that she was definitely correct, no matter what her motives were. He couldn't enter every situation bracing for hostility, then be shocked when that was exactly the energy he received. And, even when he still received hostility in return, who knew if he was just meeting someone who was as jaded as he had once been? In that case, shouldn't he also give them a chance to change their tune like he would?

He needed friends and allies right now, not enemies. He was well aware that he couldn't do all of this alone.

If his attempts still failed in the end, at least he would know that he tried.

So, Leonel smiled. "Miss Isoltihne, I noticed that pendant around your neck has a bit of damage on it, how about you let me take a look, free of charge? Take it as a gift to a fellow Crafter."

Leonel smiled warmly. Isoltihne suddenly found her old heart skipping a beat.