Chapter 938 - Like You Do

Anya blinked, checking over Leonel to see if he was being serious. Before, she had thought that Leonel was just trying to be cheeky. After all, someone of his standing should be well aware of the reason. But, she was confused to see that Leonel was actually serious.

Was he really not from the Morales family? No, that didn't make sense. Metal Spirits rarely submitted to anyone outside of members of that family and Little Tolly seemed far too obedient. Plus, she could sense a strong Earth Variant affinity coming from him.

Anya shook her head, not minding it anymore.

"The higher level someone is, the more unlikely it is for them to share a name with such a powerful family. The Fifth Dimension is already too high for you to still be able to casually call yourself Morales without truly being from that family, especially since you're so young."

"Why, though?"

"Well, just the same as the future can influence that past, the inverse should obviously be true as well. In fact, though that much should be intuitive, it's even deeper than you think. It's more accurate to say that the past can change the future."

Leonel's brows furrowed. He felt like he was back in school learning algebra for the first time. What kind of nonsense was this? It was both obvious and baffling at the same time.

It was obvious that the past affected the future. But what did it mean for it to change it? After the past happened, wouldn't a set future decided by cause and effect already be set into motion? What did it mean to change it?

"If I had to explain it as simple as possible… If someone of your caliber appeared and shared the Morales family name, all while not being affiliated with them, it would mean that the destruction of the Morales family wouldn't be too far away.

"Well, it might not be so exaggerated. But, the Morales family probably wouldn't allow it to happen. You'd probably have your own personal swarm of bodyguards coming after you."

Leonel's expression became weird. How could any of this be considered an explanation?

"Actually," Anya tapped a finger to her veil covered lips, "if it was you specifically, it would definitely mean that the destruction wouldn't be far away. They'd probably even send a Seventh Dimensional existence a step away from the Eighth Dimension after you."

Anya kept babbling on and on as though Leonel should already understand what she was saying, but he was only growing more confused. And why him specifically?

"Why me specifically?"

Anya blinked and turned her golden gaze toward Leonel. Something about her felt far more profound than it had before, an odd, almost ancient Force swirling about her.

"Because you're dangerous."

For a moment, it didn't even seem that Anya was the one who was speaking, but rather someone far more aged and mature. Compared to the mischievous girl that Leonel knew, she was completely different to the point they could only be comparable in looks and nothing else.

Leonel didn't know how to respond to this in the slightest. What about him was dangerous, exactly?

He couldn't help but think back to the words his Coach had spoken about and the backstory that connected him and Lionel. He still didn't know how those machines of Earth had concluded him to be a danger to society…

However, Leonel believed he had come up with an explanation for this. Back then, Earth couldn't even properly categorize his ability because it could only properly read 5% of his DNA and was confused by the remaining 95%. Wasn't it obvious, then, that it could have misread him in this situation as well?

This conclusion had helped Leonel to throw those matters to the back of his mind. He had always subconsciously ignored it, even to the point where despite always telling Aina everything… When it came to this, he never did.

Plus, hadn't he lived a perfectly normal life to this point? How could there be anything wrong with him?

So why was Anya saying this stuff now?Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Anya looked away and Leonel shook his head, he found this woman too difficult to read. He just needed to focus on healing himself so that he could more confidently take his next steps. It was about time he checked in on Elthor and the Oryx.

The guards of the treasure house were stunned to see two youths approaching but they soon had no choice but to accept the reality. A duo of such youthful Bronze Crafters was something they had never seen before.

This storehouse was shared between both Force Crafters and Force Pill Crafters. It had shelves hundreds of meters tall and an eerily structured organization that made one think that someone had dedicated their lives to ensuring that everything would be perfect.

Without much thought or a word toward Anya, Leonel found the section of healing Herbs before he realized something especially intriguing.

He didn't need to spend his Guild Points on these herbs. He just needed to use Dream Sculpt on them. That way, he could save his points for Ores he could use in the future.

He doubted that this treasure vault would have the Ores he would need for his next Divine Armor. But, that didn't matter. He could do a lot with what was before him right now. He just had to be quick about it. The matters related to Anya had already been thrown to the back of his mind.

It didn't take Leonel long to find several healing herbs with Light Elemental attributes. Though most were Fourth Dimensional, there were a handful of Fifth Dimensional ones. Each of these were worth hundreds of thousands of points though, something that truly put Leonel's million points into perspective.

Leonel, who was about to get lost in his own world, was suddenly startled. His head snapped back, only to find Anya had once again appeared by his side.

Wait, had she appeared there, or had she never left? Now that Leonel thought about it, he wasn't sure of the answer to that.

"What are you doing?" Leonel asked.

Anya blinked. "I have zero Guild Points. I don't have a sugar mama like you do."

She spoke as though this was the most obvious thing ever. Why wouldn't she follow him around since she didn't have points of her own to spend?

Leonel was speechless.

[Last chapter of the day. Didn't have the energy to start writing the chaos that's about to ensue, lmao]