Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 942 - Sigh

"Evacuate the surroundings! Tier 4 Fugitive, Leonel Morales, stop all form of resistance!"

The voice came booming, but it made Leonel raise an eyebrow.

'Tier 4? I thought that previous guy said that if I wasn't handed in within two hours, I would become a Tier 3 Fugitive… It seems that never got the chance to take affect.'

Leonel had no idea how lucky he was that this was the case. In fact, it could be said that Scithe was only using this as a threat to force Earth's hand.

The threshold between a Tier 4 and Tier 3 Fugitive was the difference between this matter being handled by an individual galaxy or pulling in the forces of others. What did this mean? It meant that up to Tier 4, one's fugitive status was still relative to the strength of your galaxy. But, the moment you stepped into Tier 3, you would be the target of all Shield Cross Star branches across the Dimensional Verse.

It could be said that the moment Leonel stepped outside of this galaxy, he would be a free man. But, with how difficult it was to travel between galaxies, how could they believe that it would be a simple matter for Leonel to do so? And even then, where would he go?

All this said… Being Tier 4 was also equivalent to being among the most wanted of a Galaxy. And, the amount of vitriol pointed Leonel's way spoke volumes about this.

Leonel's palm shifted slightly, causing a beautifully crafted wooden spear to appear in his hand. It was carved of a deep black grain and it was continuous with its wooden blade. It was clear that the whole thing had been cut out of a single piece.

Though Leonel hadn't said anything, his actions were clear as day for all to see. The laziness in his eyes seemed to vanish, his gait still steady as he walked toward the gates.

Engnaril frowned. He had felt that something was off about this matter from the very beginning. The fact that Leonel was able to enter such a world without an alert going off in the first place was ridiculous. Then there was the fact it took hours to get back to him that this Leonel was actually a Tier 4 Fugitive?! If the system was always so terribly slow, then how would they protect the people?!

It all smelt of someone trying to cover up and protect Leonel. But now that the truth was out, he couldn't just stand idly by, right?

The wind pressure of the hovering ships pressed down, flatting the stretches of grass and causing the ponds of water to ripple wildly.

Leonel's own hair danced about, its short strands giving him a sort of carefree air.

"I'm quite disappointed in Shield Cross Stars." Leonel suddenly spoke.

Despite not having the same amplifiers his enemy did, he still managed to cut through it all. His King's Might didn't seem capable of being suppressed, even by volume.

"To accuse an innocent man without evidence, trial or proper proceedings… Is this the so-called protector of the universe you all claim to be?"

Leonel decided that he might as well try to talk. But, he couldn't take an approach that was too soft either.

The holes in this charge against him were too numerous. He colluded with a Variant Invalid to… attack his own planet? The very planet he was technically in line to potentially inherit? Then, when he was going to be punished for his actions, his grandfather, the ruler of said planet, still chose to step out to save him?

From top to bottom, it made little sense. Just a little investigation would tell anyone this. So, Leonel knew that he couldn't take a casual stance with this. Anyone with half a brain would understand that there was something wrong. However, just in case, he still chose to say something.

Unsurprisingly… he didn't receive an answer.

The younger man Engnaril stood respectfully behind raised up a hand before pointing two fingers forward.

"Captain Snyder…" Engnaril spoke softly. However, a side glance from the younger man was all he needed to stop his words in their tracks. Sometimes, the truth wasn't what mattered.

Engnaril's gaze narrowed. If they were going to offend Leonel, they might as well offend him all the way. There were no chances for half measures.

In that moment, a squadron usually led by Engnaril shot forward. They were usually tasked with guard duties on this world. In fact, amongst them, there were two very familiar faces in Rio and Xander. It was no surprise that these two had the most sinister expressions of the lot. While the others were simply doing their duty, it clearly meant more to them.

They no longer wore their flashy, golden, diamond encrusted armor. The change made their auras sharper and far less of a joke. It seemed that they did have some skill beyond being lackies to noble men and women far above their station. But…

Did it matter?

Leonel sighed lightly, his body stretching. He felt a bit stiff after just healing from so many injuries, but with as much emphasis as he placed on his flexibility and training it, it wasn't long before he felt light and limber.

The group of five had already cut the distance between themselves and him.

'Should I kill them?'

Leonel sighed again, shaking his head. 'Forget it. I'll just decide depending on the situation.'

"DIE!"

Leonel suddenly found two spears piercing toward him at once. He looked down at them, meeting the hostile gazes of both Rio and Xander. Before their blades could even pierce through his exposed abdomen, the situation changed.

In an eruption of ash, their weapons crumbled to nothing. They continued forward in a piercing motion, but without their spears, they stabbed at empty air, making it seem like more of a comedy routine than the instigation of battle.

A light glow coated Leonel's black wooden spear. Before the two could react, their arms flew into the air in a rain of blood, their cries of agony filling the skies. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎