Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 944 - Best At...

An eruption of fire turned whatever blood and gore there would have been to ash. In that moment, a headless corpse fell to the ground, much of its shoulders and collarbone burnt to black.

Leonel's fingers flickered, causing another pair of metallic leg sleeves to shoot to Little Tolly.

His feet glided past several attacks, his left hand continuously tapping in the air. The speed of his fingers was so fast that concentrated blasts of air would arc downward every time he struck, it was as though he was playing the piano on the back of the wind, his veins pulsing with an undying power.

'[Meteoric Impact].'

Whenever Leonel got even a semblance of breathing room, the rhythmic tapping of his fingers would come to a halt and his spear would pierce out like a spiraling fire dragon, shaking the air and imploding the head of yet another warrior.

Every time one died, another set of metallic leg sleeves would be added to Little Tolly and the rhythmic tapping would grow faster and somehow more controlled and deliberate. The snapping of Leonel's fingers became so fast that the sound barrier began to shatter with every tap. The speed was even beyond what Leonel could casually reach within such a strong world.

Leonel sidestepped, allowing a pike to pass between his ribcage and elbow. He swung his arm down, pinching the polearm onto his body and twisting.

A resounding snap caught the warrior off guard. Before he could realize that Leonel had targeted a weak point in his weapon's craft to shatter it, an elbow glowing with Bronze Runes was already traveling toward his face.

The sickening sound of shattering bone resounded through the already rowdy battlefield.

'[Meteoric Impact].'

Leonel's visage had entered a state of cold excitement. He was hardly thinking about his next action before he took it. He subconsciously felt that he didn't need to calculate things in a battle of this level. And the result was his entering a state of free flowing where his Spear Domain Lineage Factor took charge.

A blinding golden spear appeared on his forehead long before anyone realized what was happening. Then, without even considering the consequences, Leonel applied a spear technique to his elbow.

BANG!

The head of the warrior imploded.

This time, the explosion was much less controlled as compared to what it usually was wit Leonel's spear, resulting in a tail of wild blackish red flame to jet outward for several meters, catching a wave of warriors off guard.

They hurried their Force to block, but the heat was excruciating, some of them even feeling their skin being boiled in real time.

Unfortunately for them, Leonel instinctually took advantage of this as though a predator stalking prey.

He appeared in their midst, his [Harmonic Spear] activating. He stood amidst the flames, allowing them to trickle across his exposed torso. Yet, it seemed to hardly affect him in the slightest.

The confusion of fire, screams and countless spears covering the surroundings left the warriors at a loss for how to react. In the blink of an eye, half a dozen fell to Leonel's spear, never to rise again.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Leonel released a roar that shook the skies, his hair and gaze slowly gaining a crimson hue to them. His flames only seemed to become more powerful with each passing moment.

Now, every time his finger tapped at the air, a ring of fire would spread out from it, turning the lush greenery of the Guild House into a land of black ash.

In that moment, Little Tolly finally rose high into the skies, pile after pile of Urbe Ore falling to the ground. With just a single look, it was possible to see hundreds of kilograms of Fifth Dimensional Urbe Ore, an amount that was practically a fortune to anyone who wasn't a Crafter. However, it was still continuing to pile.

In just a few minutes, Little Tolly had separated out the metallic leg sleeves to their fundamental components, effectively undoing all of the Crafter's work.

Just like that, several ores shaped into perfect javelins appeared. They looked like large needles, each three meters long and each being thicker toward their center and tapering out to their ends.

"[Infernal Cyclone]."

Leonel's spear began to spin in his hands. Every revolution it completed formed another wheel of fire that jetted out with his spear as the center.

Some of these wheels of fire were vertical, some horizontal, some diagonal. They ravaged Leonel's surroundings so thoroughly that trenches dozens of meters deep were torn up.

"Scatter!" One of the warriors roared.

Leonel didn't pursue even as his [Infernal Cyclone] ravaged the warriors around him. Instead, his spear vanished, his right hand stretching out to his side.

As though it had a mind of its own, one of the six javelins Little Tolly had just completed fell into his palm, its aura completely changing as though Leonel was its one and only master.

Leonel's stance shifted, his right foot rotating to the back and his left anchoring his front. Deep, semi circular lines followed the path of his soles, his back flexing and his chest expanding as he cocked the javelin back.

However, what shocked those around him the most wasn't the fact he had completed several Bronze Grade Crafts while in the middle of battle, nor were they surprised that he had used their own equipment to do so, nor was it even that he dared to use such untested Crafts with his life on the line…

No, none of that was surprising. What shook them to the core was that his gaze had suddenly locked onto the ships floating in the air.

The fiendish grin on Leonel's face only seemed to grow wilder, his muscles bulging to the point every individual fiber could be seen.

He, Leonel Morales, was a decent sniper. He guessed that he was also alright at using the bow. But, if there was a form of marksmanship he was the absolute best at…

It was most definitely throwing.

BANG!

Leonel's body shot out like a loaded spring. The sound of the javelin leaving his hand was no different from an iron ball leaving a canon, even the earth beneath his feet shattered, sinking downward what was at least half a meter.

The javelin drew a line through the skies, whistling wind and concentric circles of shattered air spiraling in its wake.

Without anyone being able to react, it tore into the hull of the left-most flying vessel before the world fell into silence.

A moment later, chaos ensued.