Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 945 Ablaze

The javelin tore through the hull of the leftmost ship as though a hot knife through butter. There wasn't an ounce of resistance and the hole it created wasn't even visible to the naked eye. It felt like nothing would happen for just a few moments and many almost sighed breaths of relief.

As scary as Leonel was when he wielded a spear, whenever he became a marksman, it felt as though they were all standing in the presence of a demon overlord. It felt that no matter which of them he chose to lock onto… they would die without recourse.

Unfortunately, they never got a chance to breathe that sigh of relief.

'That javelin wasn't bad. I think it combined a few Lightning and Water Elemental Ores? This will probably be the slowest acting one. Three… Two…'

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The nonchalant man who stood at the helm of the ship almost lost his balance, his hands unable to remain clasped at his back. The chain explosions his ship was undergoing only became worse with every passing moment.

In that moment, another javelin had already appeared in Leonel's hand, causing the atmosphere to shift once again.

The pupils of the two remaining nonchalant men constricted, their hands already leaving their backs as their auras surged. However, what they hadn't expected was for Leonel's second throw to still target the leftmost ship, something that most definitely caught the man at the helm off guard. But, what happened next made them regret not stopping the javelin at all costs.

The ship suddenly swayed, its explosion sending it careening into the middle ship. It was as though the explosions were perfectly crafted by Leonel to result in this. There was nothing they could do to stop the chain result.

The moment the left and middle ship collided, a spiraling implosion resounded, only for Leonel to throw out a third and fourth javelin that resulted in the both of them colliding with the rightmost.

The explosions were so loud and endless that even the long since evacuated residents could hear the commotion from hundreds of kilometers away. The skies sparked as though a network of fireworks had been let free. The clouds were singed black and ash rained down along with meteors of fiery metallic parts.

Leonel stood amidst the destruction, his expression unmoved. From start to finish, a second archer hadn't dared to target him, probably for fear of ending up like their other comrade. For some reason, even when Leonel was the most distracted, it felt like his vice grip was still holding onto their necks.

As for Leonel himself, he felt like lava was rushing through his veins. He knew that the battle was over now. He could just hop into the Segmented Cube and use its new functions to leave this place now that there was nothing that could immediately pursue him. But, he still longed for battle.

In that moment before, he had almost aimed the javelins at the men standing on the helms despite knowing just how stupid that would have been.

Leonel shook his head. Using Dream Sense, his raging battle intent was dulled as it split between over a million minds. In an instant, he regained all his rationality, the slight red tinge of his violet hair and pupils vanishing.

Little Tolly descended, wrapping itself around Leonel's wrist. As for the remaining two javelins, Leonel stored them away before summoning the Segmented Cube.

Leonel swept a gaze toward Engnaril and Captain Snyder, causing both to tense up.

"BOY!"

A roar sounded from the wreckage. Leonel had never expected his javelins to kill those three men, and clearly they weren't feeling just a small bit pissed. Too bad he didn't have the intention of sticking around.

Maybe had they attacked with the original group, things might have become troublesome. But, since they had chosen to attack as though they were lofty and above everything else, they only had themselves to blame for the result.

The Segmented Cube shifted, its numerous jigsaw-like puzzle pieces expanding and contracting until it reformed itself into a black ship made of the same pieces. This ship pulsed with blue lights, looking as though it might collapse at any moment. The crevices between the puzzle pieces were clearly visible. Though it gave it a beautiful, exotic sort of look, it was also difficult to tell whether the vessel would actually hold up.

Leonel, though, felt that if he couldn't trust this ship, then there was no ship in the world worthy of his trust.

"HALT!"

Leonel cocked an eyebrow. Was he actually supposed to listen to that… or?

Leonel shook his head, stepping into the ship. Soon, his vision was filled with a complex series of control. Puzzle pieces hovered in the air in odd patterns before surging toward Leonel, covering his fingers.

In that moment, Leonel's nerves were fused with the ship. The only thing they didn't share was pain. It felt as though he had gained a whole new body. Just the sensory overload alone was enough to overwhelm a normal individual.

? ?? ??-?? ???. ??? Leonel shook his head. Even for him, it was hard to handle. After all, this ship was at a Sixth Dimensional standard. But, it was also ironically a perfect way to train his mind as well. Just riding this ship to come to the Guild's world had helped his mind improve by a few hundred split minds.

The ship shot into the skies with such speed it felt like it simply teleported into the stratosphere. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

It was then that a massive, dome-like Force Art activated. However, it might as well have been a thin sheet of paper.

It broke into tiny shards of glass, sprinkling down over the world as it trembled. They had hardly registered what happened when Leonel had already vanished into the distance, travelling at speeds that were hard to fathom.

A silence fell over the Guild World. It felt as though they had just witnessed history.

The name Leonel Morales was practically burned into their minds. And soon, it would set a wildfire ablaze across the galaxy.