Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 949 - Her Destination? Her Goal?

Planet Luxnix entered an odd state. Regardless of their status, the capture of a main bloodline member of an opposing family would always be a serious matter. And yet, the Luxnix family had done so without hesitation and without warning. It was clear that of all the things the Luxnix family was, pushovers was not among them.

Ossan's true state wasn't as fierce as the Luxnix's family's state, though. He couldn't be said to be comfortable, but at the very least, his life wasn't on the line. He sat on the floor of a relatively clean cell, his hands and feet bound by chains. There was a single metallic toilet to the side and the empty tray in front of him had likely previously held food.

Still, though he hadn't been roughed up, for a nobleman this sort of treatment might as well have been the worst of torture—this was only especially so for Ossan.

He couldn't see any pretty women. He couldn't eat the food he loved. He couldn't even have alcohol.

It was inhumane.

At that moment, there was a shuffle and large, clanking doors and grinding gears sounded. After a dull boom, the sound of footsteps echoed in a leisurely cadence. It was as though the person wanted Ossan to stay in suspense for as long as possible.

"It's you!"

When Ossan finally laid eyes on this person, his heart couldn't help but tremble. In a lot of ways, he felt that seeing this person hit him harder than even being in the presence of a Feather Star warrior. The fact that this person was here let Ossan know that there was no way this matter would end simply.

The young man stood there with an indifferent expression on his face, his visage seemingly having been hand crafted by a god. He had exceptionally fair skin without a single flaw, his jawline was gentle, but strong, and he seemed to radiate a dim golden light just with his presence alone.

Gold hair flowed down the young man's shoulders down to the small of his back, equally golden eyes matching it in luster and brilliance. His body was wrapped in pristine, blemishless, white robes, a single golden belt of delicately sculpted feathers wrapping around his waist.

As ignorant as Ossan was about a lot of things, there were certain matters that even he wouldn't be in the dark about.

One was the Feather Star warrior. He would immediately recognize one of them so long as they were wearing their uniforms without fail, even if he was in a state of lethargy like he had been previously.

Another was the Heir of the Luxnix family, the sole Heir, a man without match or competition, Myghell Luxnix. And it was this exact young man who happened to be standing before his cell right this moment.

Unlike the Viola family which was still deciding on its own Heir, Myghell had already claimed his position long ago. In this respect, he was without match or equal. Despite being several decades younger than Rychard and Ossan's brother, Myghell was already at the Quasi Sixth Dimensional level. He might very well be capable of breaking through at any moment.

The difference was like night and day.

Myghell observed Ossan in silence for a long while. The pressure of his gaze fell on Ossan in waves, he couldn't help but tremble, his teeth chattering and his limbs turning cold. He found that just breathing alone was difficult beneath this man's presence.

Without a word, Myghell turned and left. Ossan almost wanted to scream in frustration. Shouldn't he have atleast said something?! Done something?!

However, despite feeling so frustrated, Ossan didn't dare to scream out, fearing that Myghell would come out.

Myghell, though, didn't spare Ossan a thought. He locked the gears behind him, turning toward the guards at the entrance. Each of them looked toward Myghell with reverence as though he was a God amongst men.

"There is a chance that something will happen within the next coming days. Stay alert." Myghell said evenly, the cadence of his voice almost able to lull someone to sleep.

At that moment, an entourage was making their way to Luxnix territory swiftly. It was no surprise that this group was led by Gradeyr.

Gradeyr would have been a handsome young man in his own right, with short cut black hair and starry violet eyes. However, he had the stern look of a man already in his middle ages. It dulled his looks quite considerably and left a permanent wrinkle on his forehead as though he was perpetually frowning.

He was truly frowning right then, though. He understood there was a very real possibility he would never see his younger brother again.

**

Back within Viola family territory, in a particular section of an estate and within a familiar setting, a group of three women could be found.

"You just came back, are you really going out again so soon?"

Savahn worriedly probed Aina. She had just disappeared for three days but had now been back for barely a short time before she decided to set off again. Though Aina hadn't come back injured from her last venture, knowing her, this would only make her go harder this time.

It wasn't just a feeling, either. After what happened almost a year ago now, Aina had become a person of very few words. Yet, this time, she had actually told them that she might be away for a long while this time. This made all sorts of red flags go off for Savahn.

Yuri's expressionlessly observed Aina, seemingly not certain of what to say for herself.

Instead of replying to Savahn directly, Aina shook her head.

"I'll be back."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With that, she vanished into the shadows, her control over her Abyss Panther Bloodline becoming no different from breathing to her.

In her mind, she went over her orders again and again, her gaze narrowing as a tinge of red took hold of her. She knew it was practically suicidal, but she still chose to do it without hesitation.

Her destination? The Luxnix family dungeons.

Her goal? Get caught trying to save Ossan and somehow manage to escape.