Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 957 - Single

Myghell stood in silence. After a while, he became certain. This shadowy figure was likely not a plot set by Gradeyr. But, this scheme was so great that it still didn't matter. What the truth was, was irrelevant. All that mattered was what the optics were and only by dealing with them could his Luxnix family come out unscathed.

Still, this was quite interesting, though. Myghell didn't pay much attention to the outside world because there was no one of the younger generation even worthy of his effort. In fact, he felt that every second he spent in a Sixth Dimensional world was another greater waste of his time.

That said, as the Heir of the Luxnix family, there were still some things he had to know—namely, who the Heirs of the other families were and what strength they had.

This was all to say that an existence like Aina wasn't one he had heard of before. It was even more surprising that he would feel a slight pressure from someone who was merely a Tier 3 existence.

Of course, he didn't feel that there was any real threat of losing, but it was surprising nonetheless. The Viola family shouldn't have such a genius on their side. And, even if they somehow did, sending this person on such a dangerous mission was impossible.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The only explanation was that this person wasn't a member of their bloodline lineage. This meant that this girl wasn't some hidden trump card of the Viola family but more likely to be a Vessel, a Vessel candidate, or the offspring of a Vessel.

Reaching this conclusion, Myghell stretched out a single finger, his other arm clasped behind his back. Seemingly without warning or buildup, Aina's pupils constricted. A beam of light had already appeared just a foot from her face, leaving her almost no time to react.

Leaning backward, she shot one of her twin swords upward, her wrist going numb as the light rebounded away, leaving an exceptionally smooth hole in the bark of a tree.

Myghell didn't say a word. He stood in the depths of the forest with a halo hanging around him. He looked like a spirit floating amidst the darkness, his outstretched finger releasing strength that could wipe out an entire city with ease.

Each beam was highly concentrated, sending Aina onto her backfoot almost instantly. In just three attacks, Aina had retreated a hundred meters, eating up a fifth of the distance she had managed to put between herself and the Luxnix family estate.

A coldness hung within Aina's eyes, a tinge of crimson still leaking out of their corners. Despite the increased distance, the strength of Myghell's finger lasers didn't seem to weaken in the slightest. In fact, they seemed to grow more powerful.

Was he really trying to push her back to the estate so casually?

Before Aina could even have this thought, she was pushed back another 50 meters, and yet Myghell had still not moved a single inch, his pristine white robes still fluttering. The subtle flapping of their fabric resounded between the clanging of metal and laser, accentuating just how quiet the forest was outside of their clashes.

Another beam of light shot forward. It pierced through the trunk of a tree with a dull thwack sound and rebounded off of Aina's sword once again.

This time, however, the collision was met with a sickening crack as Aina's wrist gave way.

By this point, with how many trees separated the two, it was almost impossible to use their eyes to spot one another. However, each was very clearly aware of the circumstances of the battle.

Myghell's finger lasers couldn't be stopped by these trees while Aina herself was still continuously being pushed back without recourse. In just a few exchanges, she had already been pushed half way back to the family estate. If it wasn't for the trust the Luxnix had in Myghell to handle this situation on his own, it could be said that Aina would be finished by now.

Aina's gaze hardly flickered as her sword fell from her hand, her broken wrist simply unable to maintain her grip. She suddenly flicked her forearm, snapping her wrist back into place only for it to be rapidly healed beneath her ability.

Originally, she had been trying to focus on speed and stealth to get out of here. But, since even after all this time no one had come, it was likely that they would never. In that case…

BANG!

A demonic howl left Aina's lips, a raging crimson Force rising into the skies like a pillar. An illusory black-red flame erupted around her body and flickered within the depths of her golden eyes.

Her left hand cocked back almost like a snapping whip holding on to her remaining sword. Just as Myghell's gaze narrowed, the whistling wind finally caught up to his ears and a glistening silver streak appeared right between his brows.

Myghell tilted his head to the side. But, he was slightly too late. Three strands of his immaculate golden hair were tossed into the air, sprinkling downward without an anchor to root themselves to.

'This Lineage Factor… Where have I seen it before…?'

Myghell never got the chance to answer his own question because Aina had already appeared before him like a she-devil, her golden-red ax leaving blades of red in its wake as it struck down with a spine tingling might.

Aina's hair whipped about as though it had a mind of its own, the fiery red glow around her body only growing fiercer as her mind descended into a peak battle state. All she wanted was blood and the flesh of her enemy.

Myghell stretched out his arm once again, a subtle change taking place in his demeanor. The output of strength was far beyond what it had been in the past.

BANG!

The ground beneath Myghell's feet shattered like an eggshell.

All of Aina's strength weighed down from above. A moon hung high up to her back and her Abyssal Panther blood was surging through her veins like a raging river. And yet…

It was still all stopped by a single finger.