Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 958 - Deal

Aina didn't seem to truly register what had happened. Her body had entered a state of all out battle.

Steam rose from her skin, her heart began to pump ten times faster, the radiant illusory flame around her only grew brighter and brighter with every passing moment.

At the same time, the moon above her head began to revolve, the Universal Force projecting out from it growing with strength as its silver hue became a dripping blood red.

Aina retrieved her battle ax, swinging down again with even more strength and power.

Myghell took a single step back, his aura as stable as a mountain. Every swing of Aina's ax was met by a parry from his finger. His movements were smooth and natural, but anyone who was paying attention could tell that he was being forced to pour out more and more of his power.

'If things continue like this, she is going to end up killing herself.'

Though Myghell thought this, he made no moves to end this quickly. Something in his intuition was nagging at him but he couldn't quite place a finger on it. He felt that he had some sort of connection with this woman but he was unable to put it into words.

However, this didn't mean he would go out of his way to save this woman either. As far as he was concerned she deserved death. If anything, the only reason she wasn't a corpse right now was because of his curiosity.

That said, he could also tell that this girl's Lineage Factor was a self destructive one and could be classified as a Berserk type Lineage Factor. It was harder to classify Lineage Factors in comparison to abilities as the former were far more varied, but there were still some broad categories that existed.

This Lineage Factor of this girl's clearly placed great strain on her heart. At the same time, it ate away at her reasoning to the point she seemed to become a demon.

In truth, it had been a long time since Aina fell into such depravity. The last time was in the Joan Zone when Leonel awakened his Spear Force to save her. Since then it seemed that Aina's berserk tendencies had vanished, but the truth was that she simply stopped using her Lineage Factor entirely.

One reason was because she didn't want to put Leonel in that situation again. And, the second reason was because she didn't want Leonel to see that side of herself.

But right now, there was only herself and this enemy. If she couldn't get past and survive, this would be the place she died.

Unfortunately, Myghell felt like an insurmountable mountain.

**

Leonel floated up to the surface of a river of lava, his body still coated from head to toe in a skin of silver. Everything about his actions seemed carefree and casual. One would have never expected him to currently be in an incredibly dangerous situation. But, maybe it was just that wealth could mask a lot of things.

Leonel had never been rich in his life. Though he had never been wanting for anything, when most of his life was spent in a schools of the children of celebrities, billionaires and politicians, it was quite clear that he would be inferior in this aspect.

But, right now, Leonel truly felt rich. He had just mined locations the Milky Way Guild couldn't even dream of mining and he had gotten away with…

Leonel looked up, his lip suddenly beginning to twitch. Alright, maybe it was a bit premature to say that he had gotten away with it.

In that moment, several auras had already locked onto Leonel. Up above, a massive Force Art that protected the entire planet was deployed, causing the skies to be filled with swirling runes that gave the world a unique character.

Leonel coughed lightly. Maybe he had taken a bit too much time clearing those mines up. He wasn't sure if the Segmented Cube could burst through that Force Art. He would have to find some sort of weakness so he didn't end up exploding along with it.

Leonel pulled himself out of the pool of lava, standing firmly on the land of obsidian. He could sense several auras converging toward him. They hadn't been certain of exactly where Leonel would appear. But now that he had come up, they could close the net around him.

The smartest thing to do would probably be to wait for them to converge and then dive back down to appear somewhere else. But, Leonel had a feeling that they were smart enough to be prepared for such a possibility… Especially since there was already a group not even a half kilometer from him.

Leonel's playful demeanor vanished when he saw that group, his gaze narrowing. It was none other than Libli and Dynmo along with their group.

Leonel didn't believe it was a coincidence that they just so happened to be here. He had heard the words of that girl earlier. Her calculations were more rounded and less precise than his own, but it was hard to tell if that was because her calculative abilities were weaker or if she had just been dumbing it down for Dynmo.

However, regardless of the answer, the fact that she could guess that he would appear here was impressive enough on its own.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

This location had just experienced the strongest surge of charged particles and volatile lava under the most recent explosion. This made the Force in this region chaotic and simultaneously meant that the Force Art that hung above this area would be the weakest and most prone to weakness.

This was the second reason Leonel didn't just turn tail and reappear elsewhere…

The fact that this Libli could calculate this matter was impressive indeed and it made Leonel take her with a few measures of extra seriousness.

BANG!

Dynmo's fists knocked against one another. The sound alone made it feel as though one's ears might burst. However, just as he was about to take a step forward, Libli reached out a hand and stopped him.

"I can tell that you aren't a simple opponent. But, as you can see, this situation is not very favorable toward you. In as little as a dozen or two minutes, you'll be surrounded by Fifth Dimensional existences and weaponry. I guarantee that even if we cannot defeat you in that time, we can definitely stall you for that time.

"So, how about we make a deal? Hand over your Metal Spirit and we will let you go without a fight before you're surrounded."