Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 959 - Radix Cube

Leonel didn't answer Libli. In fact, he was still scanning the surroundings, trying to come up with the best plan of approach. The fact that Leonel was spending several moments to do such a thing should have been something these six youths tried to stop at all costs. However, they were still naïve to just who it was that they were facing.

'There.' Leonel's gaze narrowed, his shoulders relaxing slightly.

Libli's brows furrowed when she felt the subtle shift in Leonel's aura. It had gone from a slight tension to a relaxed confidence in just a few seconds. But, she couldn't quite grasp just what changes had occurred in just those few moments to cause such a shift in him.

Leonel suddenly began to walk forward, making the unease in Libli's heart grow.

In one moment, Leonel was walking casually as though a man of silver. In the next, his back had suddenly exploded with two wings of blazing Light Elemental Force. They spread outward for tens of meters, sparkling beneath the bright hues of Planet Solara.

Leonel's speed exploded, rippling air following in his wake as the obsidian ground beneath his feet shattered and cracked. Lava began to surge out from these cracks, pooling around and following the flow of Leonel's movements as though they had a mind of their own.

By the time Leonel appeared before Dynmo, just a split second had passed and a fist of lava following the arc of Leonel's punch was mere inches from the latter's chest.

Dynmo's shark-like teeth glistened, his muscles bulging beneath his armor as he shot a punch out. Even before his fist collided with the punch of molten rock a booming sound rocketed through the air. The power behind the strike of such a large man hardly needed to be described and could shake almost anyone to the core.

BANG!

'Idiot.'

Dynmo shattered the fist of lava but completely neglected Leonel's real punch. In that moment, a spiraling Universal Force surged around Leonel's knuckles and his forearm, the twist of his hips and torso accelerating as he seemed to flash an entire meter forward in the blink of an eye.

Before Dynmo could react, a fist landed on his plate armor. First it felt as though all the air in his lungs had suddenly been squeezed out. In the next, it felt like his ribs were collapsing in on themselves, turning his inner organs to mush.

Then, he shot out like a bullet from a barrel. The air screeched and whined as his massive body tore through it. It almost sounded like steam whistling out of a thin hole, the nagging, high pitched sound nearly enough to make one go deaf.

Libli to a single step to the side, dodging Dynmo's body as though she knew that exactly this would happen. But, another Midas family member right behind her wasn't so lucky and ended up following their family Heir in shooting off into the distance.

It could be said that Libli was visibly annoyed. Leonel's fist of lava had only followed the arc of his punch, not enveloped his fist, so why did that fool think he only needed to block the bigger one? He was so simple minded Libli wanted to puke. Was this fool really going to be her husband? She heaved just thinking about it.

Unfortunately, their two families had been attached at the hip since their very first generation. Their two Heirs had always been destined to marry from the very beginning. From the moment of her birth, her marriage had already been decided.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The worst part was that Dynmo was most definitely not so weak. Of course, he was only Tier 4, an existence that Leonel had already defeated many of. But, comparing Dynmo to the other Tier 4 of this quadrant would be foolish.

Leonel stood amidst the four remaining youths without much tension on his face. As things stood now, there were just two Midas family members remaining and two Radix family members. Yet, other than being annoyed, there didn't seem to be any other emotion on Libli's face.

"Is this the choice you're making? I can give you one more chance." She said plainly.

In response, Leonel simply extended his opposite hand. A second flaming Lava fist formed and opened to reveal its palm. It expanded to ten times its usual size in an instant and covered the group in a shadow before descending downward like a falling meteor.

Libli's gaze narrowed, annoyance even more clear between her brows now. However, this didn't stop her from reacting quickly.

Her small hands came together at blazing speeds revealing a cube-like structure of complex moving gears and parts. In this way, it was a lot like the Segmented Cube except instead of puzzle pieces, it was made of gears, screws and what looked like miniature hydraulic systems.

To Libli, a Metal Spirit was far too important. If it was paired with her Lineage Factor and her Radix family's legacy techniques, it would be like adding wings to a tiger. Unfortunately, Metal Spirits were things she had only ever heard about in legend. Let alone getting her hands on one, she had never even heard of anyone partnering with one.

She had wanted Leonel to give up because this would make things far easier. She could on one hand guarantee the Metal Spirit would fall into her hands while ensuring no other variables popped up. But, since Leonel wanted to play this game, she would play.

Libli's Radix Cube floated in the air of its own accord. The moment she stretched a finger toward it, it reacted as though it had a mind of its own, sending out one of its pieces.

CLINK! CLANK! CLANK! CLINK!

In that instant, something absolutely shocking happened. A small pieces of bronze metal jetted out from Libli's Radix Cube. First, it just coated one of her fingers, but then it began to rapidly unfold, snaking all the way up her arm before expanding outward.

In the blink of an eye, Libli's right arm was covered in a bronze armor two times too long and three times too wide for her.

With a look of indifference, she pointed this steam punk-like arm into the air, shattering Leonel's lava palm into a rain of golden fire droplets with a single punch.