Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 964 Meet

Leonel had no idea what was happening so far away, nor did he have any idea that Aina had such a flaw in her Lineage Factor. Though… It should have been obvious. Leonel had fought a small number of Brazinger family members in the past, including one who had his life on the line, but none of them had ever gone berserk like Aina had.

That said, it wasn't quite Leonel's fault that he hadn't realized this problem. Aina had only gone berserk a single time around Leonel and it had been so long ago that he completely forgot.

Of course, what Leonel didn't know was that Aina had purposely not used her Lineage Factor after that moment for fear of putting him in danger again. Even while seeking out the limit of her power, she was willing to handicap herself in this way.

It was impossible to tell how many of such decision's Aina had made for the sake of her love of Leonel since she had known him. It seemed that even as a man with such a sharp mind, he was ultimately still a man and Aina was ultimately still a woman who expected him to read her mind.

That said, maybe of all the women in the world, Aina had the most right to expect something like this of her man considering Leonel's abilities. But, it seemed that Leonel himself was still not quite perfect enough.

Still… Leonel couldn't be worrying about this moment because he was suddenly being assaulted from all sides.

His vessel shook and quaked as he rocketed into the skies, barely dodging beams of light and fire with subtle flicks of his finger.

The more Leonel controlled this ship the more he realized just how important his finger Designation was for it. If he hadn't reached his particular level, controlling it would just be a pipe dream.

The good news was that there was no one with the ability to fly and the ships they did bring were slower than Leonel's own while taking away the flexibility they would normally have. As a result, Leonel was able to make it to the flaw he picked out long ago.

At that moment, though, Leonel suddenly felt as though a gaze had locked onto him, making a cold shiver crawl down the back of his neck. His gaze narrowed, but he kept rocketing forward, shooting through an almost imperceptible gap and vanishing into the depths of space.

'You want to use me, hm?'

Leonel's lip curled. He could tell that whoever had locked onto him definitely had at least one method to stop him, maybe multiple. But, they had chosen not to. Clearly, the only explanation was that he was more useful if he escaped.

Leonel didn't seem to mind in the slightest. They say that the best schemes were ones that the enemy knew of and yet had to walk into anyway. But, whether it was Leonel walking into this trap or Augustus… It remained that time would tell.

…

Libli's eyes opened, the images before her gaze blurring. Her head swam and her thoughts felt incoherent. It was clear that she was still suffering the most terrible symptoms of her concussion right this very moment and it took her a bit to regain her bearings.

When she did, her hand shot up to her forehead, a light frown marring her features. ,c`o`m

?? n?? - ? o? ?? , ?`?`m Looking around, she found that her head was actually leaning on someone's lap. She didn't know what to say when she realized that it was actually the big oaf Dynmo. He didn't seem to react to her waking up, seemingly finding everything but her face to be interesting to look at.

Libli shook her head. It seemed this fool could be nice sometimes too, but he was still an idiot. She would have woken up long ago had he not insisted on leaving her on the surface of this terrible planet. Couldn't he have carried her away to somewhere cooler?

Forget it, this was about the best she could expect from him anyway.

The relationship between the Radix and Midas family had always been one of matching brains and brawn. Whenever it was that both Clans had one female and one male Heir in a given generation, they would always marry to strengthen relations between the families. It just so happened that Libli and Dynmo were both the Heirs of this generation.

The Radix family and their calculative abilities. The Midas family and their fire control. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Of course, things weren't so simple. Part of what made it so complex was that unique bronze Force that even Leonel couldn't place or name. But, maybe that was the sort of secret only the two families would know.

All that mattered now were their two Heirs had actually lost to a single young man from a fledgling world. It was more than just a little bit embarrassing.

Of course, the two were greatly handicapped on this Disaster World while Leonel seemed to be even stronger here. But, there were no such thing as excuses in the matters of life and death. Today, they had been lucky, but what about next time?

Libli rose and narrowed her eyes.

This was what they had come to this galaxy for. They had already conquered their own galaxy but there were no more growth opportunities left there. If they wanted to reach the next level and enter the stage of the true powerhouses of this universe, these were exactly the challenges they needed.

As for Leonel, she hoped that they would meet him very soon. After all, much like everyone here, they were all eyeing the same world and the same Fold of Reality. Soon enough, so long as Leonel would fight on Earth's side, they would meet on the battlefield once again.

**

Days later, Leonel's ship circled around a particular planet before descending. This time, he didn't have any great hassle to go through as this was a world that emphasized the lack of exactly that. It was yet another Merchant Hub with fairly loose restrictions.

For the first time in almost a year, Leonel would meet up with Elthor.