Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 966 A Union

Elthor quickly caught Leonel up on a lot of things. Eventually, the topic came back to Leonel's teammates and the matters related to Earth.

Leonel had learned a while ago that Earth had successfully entered the Fifth Dimension and had recalled a lot of individuals as a result. Of course, this had happened while Leonel was within the [Dimensional Cleanse] trial world. So, he hadn't gotten whatever this message was.

The wrist watch that had followed Leonel for so long had long since been taken off his wrist ever since he was able to control Little Tolly without the use of Force Crafting Gloves. However, Leonel hadn't destroyed it and just left it within the Segmented Cube. So, after he returned to the Milky Way, he too received the messages.

Ultimately, Leonel had just left his brothers to train and grow as strong as possible in his absence, so returning to Earth wasn't a bad thing. After all, there was clearly ample opportunity to grow stronger as Silver Zones might begin appearing at any time. However, whether it was smart to enter those Zones as of now was still up in the air.

Regardless, Bronze Zones were an excellent chance. Not only could they hone their skills, but they could still receive rewards from higher level worlds. Even Leonel who was a Bronze Crafter himself—if his spears were ignored—only had a couple Bronze Crafts. So, this was a great opportunity for them.

Now that Leonel didn't have to worry about Aina, at least not immediately, he didn't mind returning to Earth as well. After all, as far as he was concerned, there'd come a day where Earth was the center of his territory. He had to do his part to protect it too, even if it was under the control of his grandfather for now.

"Yes, there's a lot of good opportunities on Earth right now. In fact, they have been contacting me with methods on how to deal with it all."

"It all?" Leonel was taken aback.

"Yes. The main problem Earth is facing right now isn't the Zones, those have slowed to a lull after the breakthrough. The main issue is the evolution of the oceanic creatures."

Leonel's gaze narrowed.

Earth never had to deal with much of an Invalid problem because Emperor Fawkes had cruelly chosen to kill over 99% of Earth's population before the Metamorphosis even began. But, there was nothing even he could do about the vast ocean.

In fact, this made Leonel wonder…

Long ago, Earth had gained great enough terraforming technology to fuse the continents into one. He wondered if that was a coincidence or by design… Maybe his grandfather always knew that the ocean would be their greatest obstacle.

Still, something about the movements of the galaxy made Leonel feel that the ocean was still the least of their worries. At the same time, he also wasn't very confident in fighting in the water. At the very least, he had no experience in such a thing…

That said, he had two solutions to this. He could use his Water Domain spears and he could also create some Crafts to counter the ill effects. Either way, he would need to assess the situation first when he returned to Earth.

"I think that's everything." Elthor said, exhaling a breath.

Leonel nodded slowly. "And… How receptive do you think they would be to a human leader?"

"From the way I see it, they follow the direction of that woman just fine as long as they see what they're getting out of it. But, it's hard to tell… They aren't subservient. It's a subtle difference between being employed and being loyal subjects.

"Whether or not they would continue to follow you is impossible to say."

Leonel nodded in understanding. This might be a bit of a delicate issue and it might be better if he made himself known to them sooner rather than later.

"Alright, here."

Leonel tossed a spatial ring over to Elthor. But, when he saw what was inside, his eyes almost popped out of his sockets.

"How did you gather so much Urbe Ore?!"

Leonel grinned. "You could say I procured them." ,c`o`m

"…"

?? n?? - ? o? ?? , ?`?`m Leonel didn't explain, his smile beaming as he rose to leave.

"Use this to fuel their advancements. Don't be stingy. I want all of that money gone within the next month."

"Month?! This is a lifetime worth of money!" Elthor was left speechless.

He was the Prince of a Kingdom, it wasn't as though he had never seen such wealth before. But, this amount was the equivalent of what his Oryx Kingdom would spend in an entire population of millions in a single year. Yet, Leonel wanted him to use it on 10 000 Oryx in a single month. If he wasn't a madman, then what was he?

"I'll replace it soon enough. After all, I have a feeling that the Beast Crystals of Earth's oceanic creatures are quite rare and valuable, right?"

"This…"

Elthor didn't know what to say. But, he never had the chance to before Leonel suddenly vanished.

'… He's growing more powerful…'

Elthor gripped his fists. He was lagging behind. He needed to raise his effort. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

**

In another corner of the galaxy, back on a familiar Planet Luxnix, a young man strolled out from a forest, entering the estate once again.

He looked around at the dead bodies littered around him and shook his head. It was unfortunate that this had happened in this way. Maybe he had been too careless. If he had known that she had come with such backing, he wouldn't' have been so casual about it all. But, he had thought that the Viola family would have been too scared of escalating the situation to this point.

The action of Sixth Dimensional existences means something completely different from just Fifth Dimensional ones.

Still… None of this was what took precedence in Myghell's mind. He glided through the estate, making it to a particular place.

"Yes, elder. I'm just here to meditate for a bit."

The guarding elders nodded. Of the younger generation, there was only one allowed to casually enter this place.

Myghell descended down a network of tunnels only to find himself standing before an altar. And upon this altar… There was yet another Bronze Tablet.

However, this one was different from the one Miel held. Sitting upon a marble platform, a translation was etched into the pedestals of this one…

'A union of Light and Darkness will reveal the Twelve Pointed Star.'

The Light character exuded an aura eerily similar to Myghell's own.

As for the Darkness character…

Myghell had finally realized that it reminded him of Aina.