Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Ascension Royal Court was in an uproar.

They all knew that Emperor Gervaise Fawkes had had two children in his lifetime — his eldest daughter and his younger son. The talent of the latter didn't need to be mentioned. Whether it was his intelligence, elegance, or personal strength, not a single one was lacking.

However, despite his talent, the Emperor never formally handed the Crown Prince title to him despite it being tradition to do so. No one was aware of the reason why. But, Gervaise Fawkes was a near mythical figure. Those who dared to question his decisions simply didn't exist anymore.

When it came to the princess, though… they were completely in the dark. The last time she was seen, she wasn't even ten years old. Since then, she hadn't made any public appearances. No one knew where she was.

It was only now, with the help of the Emperor's words, that they were aware that she was not only alive, but had married and even had a child? How could it be that the Nation's First Daughter could be married without them being informed? Just what sort of secret was hidden behind this?

Of course, many of them thought it was some sort of conspiracy. But, this idea was quickly thrown out. If it was as simple as the Princess disobeying her father and marrying a man he didn't accept, why would she disappear before she even turned ten? It can't be that she got married as a toddler, right?

In addition, judging by the Princess' age, she should be about 65 years old right now. But, her son was only 18. So, what secrets could have filled the time between her 10th birthday and her 47th?

Regardless of what the truth was, the royal court was at a loss.

The Emperor was encouraging them to go out and kill Leonel if they could, and even promised such mouth watering rewards. But…

Who of them actually dared to take the first step?

**

After the daily gathering of the Royal Court ended, the Emperor could be found silently meditating, a radiant smile on his face.

Swirls of Force slowly entered his body. Compared to Leonel, the speed was much slower. But, it seemed that he was taking his time as though taking a nice, slow paced stroll.

If one looked closely, it was possible to see the deep lines of wrinkles on the Emperor's face slowly receding. A long while later, he looked to be even younger than he had this morning.

"Imperial Grandfather."

Seeing that the Emperor had finally opened his eyes, a young man with sharp brows humbly kneeled before him.

The young man's hair was also a bright white-gold, albeit a few shades dimmer than the Emperor. It seemed that the genes of the Fawkes were quite strong, because his eyes were also a deep shade of green.

He had a handsome, confident bearing. His shoulders were wide and powerful. And, though he didn't dare to bring a weapon in the presence of his grandfather, the calluses on his otherwise blemishless hands proved that he was adept at using one.

"Noah… Why have you come to see this old throne?"

The Emperor's smile didn't fade. He looked no different than a grandfather chatting with his grandson.

"… I have a cousin?" Noah asked, probingly."

"Of course. You've had a cousin for 18 years already. You're just a little older than he is."

Noah felt a bit frustrated by this answer. The Emperor obviously knew what he meant by asking this question. The point wasn't that he had a cousin, the point was about why this was hidden.

However, Noah had known his grandfather for long enough to know that it would be useless to ask directly. He had to find another way.

"… Are you really going to allow those nobles to try and kill him?"

The Emperor's smile deepened.

"Yes." He replied. "A talent isn't worth much if it's grown in a greenhouse."

"A talent…?" Noah's jaw involuntarily set. "Is he more valuable to you than me, Imperial Grandfather?"

One might expect a grandfather put in this sort of situation to go out of their way to settle the hearts of their grandson, but the Emperor did nothing of the sort. Instead, he pondered for a while before nodding as though this was obvious.

"His mother is more talented than your father. And, his father is beyond what your mother could imagine. Isn't this just the logical conclusion?"

Noah felt his heartbeat slow as though it was sighing in resignation along with him. This sort of answer, he wasn't surprised by it. What he was surprised by was the latter part of the statement.

Beyond his mother? His father was born on Earth but his mother… How could that be? Just where did Leonel's father come from to gain such an evaluation? It even faintly sounded like even his Imperial Grandfather, a man who wasn't scared of anything, held some faint reservations about this man.

"If it's like this, Imperial Grandfather, why did cousin not grow up with me?"

The Emperor remained silent, continuing to smile at Noah. But this only made the latter feel as though he was being drowned in his own sweat.

"Those who grow up in good environments often end up being useless." The Emperor finally replied.

"But…"

"You're wondering why I say his father and mother are both better than yours, yet in the same breath also say he didn't have a good environment to live in?"

"… Yes."

The Emperor's smile deepened. "It's the same reason why your mother can't actively take part in your life just yet. Did you think she didn't have a reason for this?"

Noah's eyes widened. This was the first bit of happy news he had gotten since this conversation began. It was a simple sentence, but he felt it suffocating him with joy.

Of course, what Noah didn't know was that despite not being able to actively take part… Leonel's father still stayed by his side despite the restrictions. As for why his Imperial Grandfather hid this important piece of information, it was impossible to tell.

Feeling much better, Noah smiled brightly. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Imperial Grandfather, I would like to leave the Ascension Province and seek out cousin. Then we can face his coming challenge together. You said that a talent in a greenhouse isn't worth much, right?"

The Emperor shook his head. "No, this is his challenge, not yours."

Noah quickly lowered his head, realizing that he had gotten a bit too ahead of himself.

"However… if you're going off to try and kill him, I can allow you to go."

Noah felt as though he had been dunked into an ice bath. He flexed his muscles with all of his strength, trying to stop his own trembling. But, the Emperor continued as though he didn't notice his grandson's odd state.

"Those Tier 7 officials are really too useless. I could tell that none of them would have the backbone to act. Maybe only that Governor Duke Leum would do something when he's pushed into a corner."

The Emperor's smile deepened.

"That said, not everyone is useless. That Brazinger family and those like them are foolish enough not to fear me, those Tier 8 and above officials as well. Should be an interesting time for your little cousin.

"I have great expectations for the little guy, HAHA! What a good grandson, a good grandson indeed."

The Emperor laughed for a while longer before turning back to Noah.

"Go on now, LIttle Noah. There are a lot of starving dogs that have turned their eyes on our piece of meat. And, there are some larger ravenous beasts that want to take a chunk out of our Earth.

"You and your cousin will be the figureheads of your generation. Don't disappoint me."

In his laughter, the Emperor's aura had leaked from his body. The presence was so imposing that Noah almost lay down flat on the ground. He felt that he couldn't drag up the courage to do anything in opposition to this man.

"… Yes! Imperial Grandfather!"

**

In the basement wreckage of a collapsed building, Leonel sat against a dusty wall with his muscles spasming in pain. However, his face remained completely expressionless.

To an outside observer, it almost looked like all sorts of snakes and insects were wiggling beneath his skin, yet Leonel didn't seem to notice. His mind was focused on something completely different.

'The Segmented Cube swallowed up that sniper's dead body too… It can't be that it wants me to eat his corpse like I did with the octopus… right?'

If Leonel had the spare strength he needed to form them, he would definitely be shedding tears right now. Why did his father leave him behind such a perverted treasure?