Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 981 StormUpstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Is it fine for the both of us to be here?" Leonel suddenly asked.

His reasoning was fairly sound. It seemed that Emperor Fawkes was once again leaving these matters up to the younger generation mostly. However, Leonel and Noah were most definitely two of the most talented youths Earth had to offer. To send them to defend the same Natural Basin seemed like overkill.

Leonel had picked to come here only because his brothers were here. But, it wouldn't be much of an issue to move toward another Natural Basin before matters really began to get out of hand.

Surprisingly, though, Noah shook his head.

"No, it's probably good that you're here. The Northern and Southern Natural Basins have an extra layer of defenses that come with the icecaps that surround them. The Royal Blue Natural Basin is the only one that has truly open waters, and due to the more favorable temperatures there are a wider range of species in this region as well."

Leonel nodded. He hadn't been certain of where the other Basins were as everything was underwater and well hidden. But, if things were like this, it was perfect. This was definitely the most dangerous of the Basins. Plus, if something went wrong with the other Basins, Leonel was certain that he could get there in a timely fashion.

"Sounds good." Leonel nodded before suddenly smiling toward Jessica. "Jessica, right? If I had to guess, your Scarlet family probably controls Black City?"

Jessica blinked, shocked by the sudden change in the conversation. However, she didn't seem to grow as flustered as Noah, her emotions remaining even and calm.

"Yes. Why do you ask?"

"Just a guess." Leonel smiled, not explaining himself. He still hadn't decided whether it would be worth it to build another shop or not. It might just be an extra headache for no reason.

"Another storm is coming." Noah's gaze narrowed.

By now, the black clouds Leonel had seen earlier were visible even to those who didn't have his senses. Considering Noah's serious expression, it seemed to be something that occurred every so often.

"Has this happened before?" Leonel asked.

"It happens at least once a day now, sometimes twice. We think that there might be some high level oceanic beast with a storm ability that's directing this."

"Directing?"

When Leonel thought of Little Blackstar's intelligence, he didn't think that such a thing would be impossible. But, the question was why? With enough intelligence to direct other beasts of its kind, shouldn't this creature also be smart enough to know that the Earth's surface wasn't a place it would live happily?

"It's actually quite intelligent. It could be said that among the oceanic beasts it directs, at least 80% are Invalids. We think that it's using us to rid its Kingdom of these scourges."

Leonel's pupils constricted. It seemed that this answer his question perfectly. He had never seen an Invalid from another species, but this was a good chance to saturate the Silver Tablet.

Leonel still hadn't forgotten that the Silver Tablet needed such high and pure level Force to function. What better target than a whole horde of Invalids coming to deliver themselves to him? Even if he wouldn't get as many Beast Crystals as he was hoping for, this was a good opportunity, nonetheless.

"Just 80%?" Leonel suddenly realized an oddity.

If this creature had perfect control, wouldn't it be 100%? That likely meant that this was something different from true control.

Noah nodded, understanding Leonel.

"The storm is a bit special. It seems to accumulate a lot of the Force from the death of the Invalids before concentrating them into clouds. Then, it rains down what seems to be a rain infused with high concentrations of Force, this is registered like a small Force Eruption.

"Invalids are the most sensitive to such changes, but normal oceanic creatures, so long as they're close enough to the coast, will sense it as well."

Leonel inwardly chuckled, suddenly remembering a battle he had with a particular octopus years ago. That was back during the days just absorbing Force could send a whole host of Invalids to kill you. Leonel had been particularly unlucky back then as a real beast from the sea came after him while he was carrying Aina on his back.

"So this beast is quite stingy. Not only is it making us fight its battles, but it's not letting us benefit from the Force of the Invalids either."

Leonel had to admit that it was the perfect plan. It seemed that the humans weren't the only ones who had schemers among them. But, Leonel really wanted to see which was better at absorbing Force. The ability of this mysterious oceanic beast? Or the Silver Tablet?

"It's coming."

Noah looked toward Jessica and nodded, hopping back onto the back of the obsidian turtle. Leonel walked back toward his teammates, his mind spinning. He almost didn't notice when he stood amidst them.

When he looked up and met their gazes, he suddenly grinned as a rip of thunder boomed across the skies.

"Let's go."

Leonel shot into the distance, eight of his brothers following closely behind him. A line of golden energy followed him.

The instant he reached the edge of the beach, he jumped, the ground beneath his feet trembling as he shot up, landing on the first enormous cruiser and continuing to blaze a path forward.

In just a few seconds, the group of nine had made it to the very vanguard, standing at the helm of a cruiser ship and watching as the ocean waves slowly became more violent, the lush blue waters darkening to the point they became an inky black.

At that moment, the howl of a beast shook the skies.

A blue whale the size of three cruisers stacked front to back shot out of the waters. One of its white eyes locked onto them as it rolled in the skies, a blank sort of greed hidden within.

Then, it smashed down onto the surface of the ocean, causing a wave that rose up 200 meters to blanket their sights.