Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 982 Competition

"HOLD!"

The roar of an Admiral thundered in Leonel's ears.

This region was under the control of Unit 7 which was under the command of Tier 7 Admiral Ellie. As one of the three central pillars of this Natural Basin, he was unfazed by this rolling wave and hardly reacted to the sudden appearance of Leonel and his brothers.

As far as Admiral Ellie was concerned, the main backbone of this defense was and always would be the military. He would let these youths do as they pleased, but he would continue to command things as though they weren't there. The day he relied on these 'talents' would be the day he died and early death.

The 200 meter tall wave seemed to cover all things. But, this was hardly the most fearsome part of it. Hidden within, a whole host of carnivorous fish bearing their teeth and beady little white eyes wiggled about, shooting forward outside of their control.

However, while they might have struggled initially, when they caught the scent of fresh meat coming their way, they completely stopped. They rode the wave, a menacing killing intent bearing down on the souls of those on the backs of the cruisers.

By now, many of the youths who had come here for fame and glory had long since taken a backseat. This wasn't the first storm they were experiencing and they realized that they were in way over their heads. At least some of them, anyway.

With this shedding of the weak, all those who stepped forward now were the cream of the crop.

Despite the looming death wave that hung over him, Leonel turned his head to the side, and locked eyes with a young man standing at the helm of a cruiser to his left. Much like Leonel, he too ignored the wave, having glanced toward Leonel's direction.

If Leonel had to describe this young man in one word, it would be: Vampire. If he had to describe him in two, it would be: Handsome Vampire.

The young man was as thin as a pole, but had extraordinarily broad shoulders. His skin was an almost sickly pale color as though he had just risen from a coffin and he stood at nearly seven feet tall. As though that wasn't damning enough, he had long, fluttering black hair that reached the small of his back, shimmering crimson eyes, and a nose and jawline so sharp that they could cut glass.

The young man, seeing that Leonel was looking at him, smiled lightly. He crossed an arm across his chest and bowed slightly, a formal greeting of nobility. It was clear that he recognized Leonel as a Prince and was adequately respectful considering the circumstances.

Leonel smiled as well, returning the gesture. This was his very first time meeting someone from the Moon, it seemed that they lived up to their reputation. Let alone the young man, all the youths that followed him had exceptionally pale complexions and tall statures. Even the women were well over six feet tall. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Despite being separated by almost 300 meters, Leonel and the young man interacted as though they weren't more than three meters apart. The young man took this especially seriously as he actually began to mouth words toward Leonel.

For Leonel, it was child's play to read the lips of someone. He immediately understood what this young man was saying.

"A competition, huh?"

Leonel grinned, gazing toward the people with the young man. He just so happened to have eight people following him as well.

"Alright, Karolus. I accept."

Karolus' smile brightened. All around him, the air began to crack like shattered glass, causing Leonel's gaze to narrow.

'What a powerful spatial ability.'

Karolus' excitement alone seemed to cause the world to tremble and crack at its seams. He didn't seem impacted by the fact this was among the most sturdy Fifth Dimensional worlds there was.

"You heard him, boys. What do you say?"

Leonel's aura changed, his pale violet eyes blazing to life.

"HOLD!" Admiral Ellie roared again.

In that same moment, Arnold slapped his palms together. The sound was so loud that even the claps of thunder above were drowned out. Universal Force blazed to life around him.

Leonel grinned. Karolus grinned.

Without a word, their teams shot out, the two young men still staring each other down as though they hadn't noticed the change behind themselves at all.

Arnold took the helm, his strength soaring as his enormous body bolted through the air. His muscles rippled, his shirt shattering as though it was made out of glass and not pliable fabric. Whether it was his broad back or chest, it was filled with striations the shook one to their core.

He rose his large palms into the air, Universal Force swirling about him. In one moment, everything seemed normal. In the next, a massive palm of energy suddenly manifested, swinging downward with a momentum that could crush all things toward the wave.

Opposite Arnold, a young lady had also jumped into the air. Joyce's aura flourished, her tiny fists tucking against her body before shooting out like blazing meteors. At first, the energies that coated them were just the same size as the fists they came from. But, in the blink of an eye, it multiplied to a size that matched Arnold's palm.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

In an instant, a wave that rose up more than 200 meters was crushed. Two holes, one shaped like a palm and another shaped like a fist tore through, taking with it hundreds of carnivorous fish.

At that very moment, both Leonel and Karolus stretched out a palm. The two never took their eyes off of one another, but it was as though they could already see the blue whale on the other side of the two holes.

Space shattered around Karolus' palm while a massive shield of translucent gold crystal formed before Leonel's.

The world fell into absolute silence form a moment before a beam of grayish black and a laser of bright white gold tore through it all.

The blue whale that had risen into the skies again intent on sending another wave forward froze in the air.

For a moment, it seemed as though nothing had happened, the world entering a state of stillness. But then, it happened…

Two enormous, bloody holes were torn through the blue whale's body. In the blink of an eye, it had lost 99% of its head, leaving nothing but a thin film of flesh and gore that had been the distance separating Leonel and Karolus' attack.

BANG!

The blue whale fell back to the ocean, dyeing the surface crimson.

[Just two chapters for today 6/20/22]