Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 984 Which?

Leonel and Karolus still stood facing one another, a light smile on their faces. It felt as though the torrential rain couldn't stop them, nor did it seem to touch even the hem of their clothing. A seemingly delicate barrier surrounded the both of them. Leonel's looked like a halo of golden light while Karolus' looked like arcs of greyish black lightning which were, in truth, just the shattered glass of space.

For now, all the fish that had come were barely B-grade within the Fourth Dimension, and that was only if the blue whale was part of the equation. As for the carnivorous fish, they were D-grade at best.

To the current Leonel, and apparently to Karolus as well, even an SSS-grade existence within the Fourth Dimension would be child's play. So it was no wonder they had yet to move just yet.

What Leonel found fascinating, though, was the fact the energy source of the blue whale really hadn't come to them. Though Leonel didn't seem to be paying attention to the battlefield, he truly was. He had easily seen that the stream of lights the blue whale had become had sunk down instead. This made it impossible to tell whether it was Leonel or Karolus who had landed the finishing blow on the oceanic beast.

At that moment, when the rain seemed to reach it peak, several domes of water began to form in the water. It looked as though several looming waterfalls were forming but none had a sheer cliff to fall from. These domes continued to rise, large swaths of water falling the top.

Leonel's gaze shifted from Karolus to these domes of water. In the blink of an eye, several dozen had formed. Soon, there were hundreds.

Someone with lesser senses would have thought that this was some sort of apocalyptic ability, but Leonel immediately saw through it all. Each one of those domes of water were enormous creatures of impossible sizes and they had all come at once.

As though affirmation was triggered by Leonel's thoughts, the first large disks of white formed. Amidst the darkening storm, the white irises of the invalid creatures shimmered like blinding light houses. Each one was five meters tall all on their own. Nothing needed to be said for just how large the bodies of such creatures were if their eyes were so enormous.

'Now things are getting interesting.' Leonel's lip curled. 'Plus, if I didn't go out now, how am I supposed to steal this energy from this greedy beast?'

The disk of gold crystal still hovered by Leonel's hand. It was no surprise that this was Refractive Gold.

Now that Leonel was in the Fifth Dimension, manifesting the ores he had used to build the foundation of his body in the Fourth Dimension was as easy as breathing. With it, he could make a casual flicker of light into a beam that could eradicate an enormous creature with a thought, allowing him to use the same concept his sniper rifle used with much more flexibility.

With a glance back toward Karolus, Leonel left him a smile before they both shot out.

Leonel stepped into the air, plates of earth manifesting with his thoughts.

As for Karolus, he too stepped into the air. However, what was shocking was that his steps caused cracks of space to form. It was like he was stepping on space itself to ascend into the skies, a sight that showed just the level of control he had over his spatial affinity.

At the same time as these two moved, no small number of others who deemed themselves to be on the same level did so as well. Among these, there was of course Jessica and Noah.

Leonel, though, wasn't thinking about these individuals at all. He truly wanted to see just what sort of creature he was up against.

The heads of the creatures finally rose up completely, the last of the water falling from their skulls to reveal colossal squids with bulbous heads that shimmered with various shades of pink to violet.

Leonel's gaze flashed, several plates of Refractive Gold appearing around him to total nine. Not a single one was more than foot wide. But, they alone exuded a murderous aura so potent that it felt like everyone around Leonel should retreat as far as possible.

Like this, Leonel stood in the skies having swapped in his plate of Earth for his black surfboard. His hair danced about in the wind as the torrential rain seemed to wrap around him, not touching a single inch of his clothing.

A hand rested in his pockets while the other stretched outward, causing the nine shields of Refractive Gold to rotate about in a circle before him.

SHUUU!

In that moment, a beam of golden light tore through the skies, piercing the head of a colossal squid. Compared to the enormous size of the creature, it looked no different from a needle poking at a human. And yet…

The eyes of the colossal squid seemed to dim. What once was a gaze as bright as a lighthouse faded and the creature began to collapse. However, before it could even hit the dark waters, it turned into motes of light.

Leonel seemed to have almost not noticed the change at all. His nine shields of Refractive Gold rotated once. The result was another beam of gold tearing its way forward.

With every rotation, another colossal squid fell. They seemed to not even get the chance to attack before they were mowed down. As though a human machine gun, Leonel glided through the skies. His every action reaped another life.

At this point, even Karolus' lip was twitching. It had only been a single minute but Leonel had already taken out over 60 of the colossal squids. What kind of competition was this, exactly?

He could tell that Leonel was making it look so easy because he was pinpointing their crystals and shattering them with a single strike. But, if it was so easy to find such a thing within such an enormous body, wouldn't everyone be doing it?!

The skies became so saturated with so much Fourth Dimensional Force that it almost forced the darkening clouds back into believing it was day time once again.

It was then that Leonel took out a shimmering Silver Tablet, a smirk creeping up on his face. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

'Which one will win? The Silver Tablet? Or you?'