Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 985 Reawaken?

The result was beyond Leonel's expectations.

Though he had expected the Silver Tablet to win out, he hadn't expected the result to be so exaggerated. Let alone the Force of the Invalids, it felt as though all the Force of the world had suddenly surged toward him. In fact, he felt that much the same way this mysterious creature had somehow gained the ability to break the rules of the universe, so too could this tablet snatch the Force of Invalids others had killed.

'I see…'

With a bit of conscious thought, the tablet seemed to react to Leonel's wants, only snatching up the Force provided by the squids he had defeated. With his speed, he didn't feel like he needed to snatch from others. The results spoke for themselves.

Every step Leonel took through the air, another colossal squid would fall without even a chance to fight back for even a single moment.

From below, his teammates shook their heads.

"What a show off. Look at that, my tall beauties are looking at Cap with such sparkling eyes. This has to be classified as discrimination." Milan looked as though he had lost his soul.

He continued to use his energy shields to rip large amounts of fish out of the water for Drake to snipe out in a single breath.

As they tag teamed a wing, Joel and Gil tag teamed another. Gil sent out arcs of lightning, shocking the large swaths of fish until they were frozen. Following up, Joel send out strikes of his halberd, skewering them dead with his lethal blade qi.

Without large amounts of earth around him, Raj probably experienced the greatest drop off in his strength upon stepping out into these open waters. But, he had come prepared.

Large amounts of metal shavings hung around him almost like metallic sand. With a thought, this black sand would solidify into drill bits, even hardening to the point they shimmered like diamond.

Raj's skill in fluctuating the hardness of the earth his controlled had grown exponentially. He could go to and from the quality of earth he wielded depending on the situation, even up to the point he could now control these fine earth particles to act at his whim.

Even though his fat jiggled with his every action, each one was still purposeful and powerful. A swing of his arm came with several tons of shimmering diamond, crushing the fish that stood in his way with impunity.

Arnold's actions were just as if not even more overbearing. While Joyce was leaving whirlpools with her every punch, he left trenches that split the ocean in two.

The oceanic beasts were being put through a grinder. But, they were also steadily growing more powerful. Soon, the concentration of S and SS-grade Fourth Dimensional beast increased from one in a thousand to one in a hundred. Eventually, it became one in fifty.

When things reached this point, the group of 16 could no longer push forward with naked abandon. Getting surrounded just once with such powerful creatures would be the equivalent to a death sentence. Though many of them were confident in taking on even Fifth Dimensional creatures, the battle reaching this point meant that the true challenge was coming.

Leonel had never taken his senses completely away from his teammates. But, he didn't go to support them either. Though he was taking out these SS and SSS-grade colossal squids one after another, that was about all he was doing for them. If they didn't reach the very end of their limits, they wouldn't be able to absorb the Bone Burning Rose properly.

Leonel looked down at the tablet again, sending his senses into it. By now, he had taken out over 200 of the colossal squid in barely a few minutes. There were no lack of eyes on him as a result of this, but he acted as though he didn't notice at all.

On the Unit 7 cruiser, Admiral Ellie was especially speechless. His Unit hadn't even gotten a chance to do anything yet. All he could yell out every so often was 'Hold'.

It had to be said that these cruisers didn't work on Third Dimensional technology. Rather, they were designs created after studying the wreckage of the Shield Cross Stars airship and were fueled by Force Crystals. The innovation of Earth truly shouldn't be underestimated.

The confidence that everyone had for dealing with the inevitable Fifth Dimensional creatures that would be coming were on the basis of these cruisers. To Leonel, though, it was too great a waste of treasures.

Earth, no matter how much they had prepared, lacked proper Force Crafters. In order to make up a gap of skill, they used brute force instead. With the amount of resources they had poured into a single cruiser, let alone a cruiser that could face Fifth Dimensional existences, Leonel could make one that could damn near eradicate a Sixth Dimensional existence.

That said, Leonel felt that this matter wasn't so simple as it seemed. If his grandfather had truly planned out everything for this moment, and even managed to somehow take a woman from a Sixth Dimensional family as a wife, could it really be he didn't know to train a unit of Force Crafters? Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Leonel felt like every time he 'understood' Earth and his grandfather, he would only simply be peeling back another layer of mystery.

Leonel shook his head before his expression brightened.

Those over 200 colossal squid he had killed had accumulated enough Force to awaken someone from the tablet!

'It seems to only be enough to awaken someone who didn't die, though. If I want to awaken someone who died in the Zone, it'll need…'

Leonel's happy mood faded. From what he could see, he would need somewhere between 500 to 1000 times the amount of Force he had accumulated now to awaken a single dead comrade. But, that person would be only the most normal of soldiers.

If he wanted to awaken a talent like his good friend Rollan, he would need as much as 10 000 times the amount he had now. As for a supreme talent like the Pure Speedster Normand, he would need nearly 100 000 times.

Leonel exhaled a long breath when his head suddenly snapped in a particular direction.

'Hm?'