Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 987 Size

Leonel was shocked for a moment before he chuckled. It seemed that this beast had already realized it stood no chance. Unfortunately for it, it likewise stood no chance of running away either.

Leonel shot downward, weaving through the several suction cupped arms of the enormous octopuses and squids in the surroundings.

The jet black surfboard touched the surface of the water, shooting after the shark. However, seemingly realizing that it was being chase, the shark dove into the sea, diving downward as it continued to swim away.

Leonel's gaze narrowed but he also dove downward without hesitation. That said, he wasn't completely unprepared.

He pressed his palms forward, causing four triangular sheets of Fourth Dimensional Star Core to form. They pressed together, forming a prism without a base and allowing Leonel to drill into the ocean. It shot forward with such speed that an air pocket formed right behind it, leaving Leonel untouched.

At the same time, the nine shield of Refractive Gold shattered beneath the water pressure and speed. Unfortunately, the reason the Leonel had to rotate the gold crystal shield to begin with rather than just continuously using one was because he had to repair them after each use. After all, Refractive Gold was a Fourth Dimensional Ore while Leonel's Light Elemental Force was in the Fifth Dimension. The fact that it could even survive a single beam was a testament to Leonel's Crafting skill in choosing the perfect crystal structure.

But, now that Leonel was rushing forward like this, their fragility was exposed. In addition, Leonel knew that the beams of light he produced with the shields wouldn't be enough to kill this shark. That was why he hadn't even tried.

It was fine for dealing with canon fodder of the Fourth Dimension, but a creature so close to the Fifth Dimension, especially one that was living like this, was a completely different story.

Luckily, Star Core was known for its sturdiness, allowing Leonel to keep up the speed.

Soon, he caught up to the shark at the point they were already a hundred meters below surface level. A spear appeared in his hand and a low roar left his lips.

The moment it did, a surge of Force shot out from Leonel's body, causing a sphere of air to appear around him as all the water in the surroundings was forced away.

The shark suddenly found itself like a fish out of water, gasping for breath without recourse. It fell through the air pocket, flailing about.

Unable to fight back, it could only watch as Leonel severed its head from the rest of its body.

'What a large shark…'

The shark was at least 50 meters long. Leonel wasn't exactly a marine biologist, but he knew enough to know that creatures of this size should be rare, even in the sea. And yet, it felt like they were suddenly everywhere now.

It seemed like the best explanation was that this was just the result of the increasing Dimensions on beasts, but why was it that Little Blackstar hadn't increased in size? And why was it that humans didn't seem to grow larger either? At least not to such an exaggerated extent, anyway.

Leonel shook his head, quickly catching the shark and allowing it into the Segmented Cube before the walls of water closed in around him again. He quickly shot upward with his prism of Star Core leading the way once more.

Leonel's gaze narrowed just as he was about to reach the surface. With a flick of his fingers, his Star Core prism split, a rush of water threatening to crush him the instant it did. But, he was prepared for this long ago. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

With a clench of his fists, Leonel sent a punch surging with Universal Force flying forward.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The column of water shattered. At the same time, four blade-like pieces of Star Core shot out, slicing apart tens of oceanic beasts into minced meat as Leonel rose back into the skies, a rain of blood that soon turned to motes of light hovering around him.

Leonel flipped over his palm, causing a large Beast Crystal to appear. Its insides flickered with a wild red lightning that made Leonel narrow his eyes.

'Maybe I underestimated this Force. Top 100 might just be a minimum…'

The Force was weak to him because it was still Fourth Dimensional and it had come from a beast he easily killed. But, this was mostly because Leonel himself was in the Fifth Dimension. This had little to do with the actual strength of the lightning. After all, not every Force could be as powerful as his Scarlet Star Force, capable of injuring those even Dimensions above it. The fact that this lightning could catch his eye at all was a testament to its strength.

Leonel nodded and put the Beast Crystal away. Even if he didn't end up giving it to Gil he still hadn't forgotten that he had mainly come here to earn money to begin with.

That said… Leonel had a feeling that the Beast Crystal of the creature controlling all of this would be far more valuable.

Leonel tore a path into the distance but very quickly came to a stop again. What he saw this time left him speechless.

A beaver the size of a mountain. A crocodile that dwarfed a blue whale. A black swan twice his own height. Swordfish so numerous they formed several formations of their own. Ravenous carnivorous fish led by a rainbow scaled piranha that looked like it could be its own island…

This sort of lineup was enough to make anyone go numb but Leonel was speechless because of something completely different.

'This creature is actually so cowardly. I'm still hundreds of miles from its locations and yet it already sent this sort of vanguard after me…'

Leonel knew now that the creature couldn't move far from the location he sensed it from or else the storm would disperse. That much made sense. But, it actually didn't even wait for Leonel to get remotely close for it to send these freaks of nature after him.

The only way for these creatures to have gotten here now was for them to have been sent the instant that creature felt Leonel lock onto it.

For one, for this creature to actually sense Leonel's Internal Sight was one matter. Even when Leonel was in the Third Dimension, no one could do that. And yet, this creature had even though Leonel was currently in the Fifth Dimension.

Secondly, for the creature to react like this only had two explanations. Either it hated taking risks or it was cowardly to an extreme. How could Leonel not be speechless?

To make matters more shocking, Leonel had yet to run into a single Fifth Dimensional beast in his time here, but there were suddenly hundreds of them before him now, including the school of endless swordfish.

'… At least they're all Tier 1…?'

Leonel was about to learn very quickly that a Tier 1 talent from Earth meant something far different than a Tier talent from the worlds he had been running around on recently.

And… A Tier 1 talent from a world like this that also happened to be a beast… Well, that was another sort of death sentence all together.

It could be said that everyone was perfectly correct that Leonel had gone out seeking to die.

At that moment, the mountain sized beaver suddenly raised its flat tail. In that instant, Leonel's pupils constricted into pinholes.