Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 988 Mountainous Creatures

'Shit…'

Just the wind pressure of the beaver's tail alone almost sent Leonel flying into the distance. He realized at that moment alone that a Tier 1 expert that shared his size was completely different from a Tier 1 expert that was so large. That much power scaled to a body that large was obscene on several levels. And, that didn't even consider just how much more talented they were than other beasts of their kind to begin with.

BANG!

It was like someone had suddenly slammed a frying pan with a 50 meter diameter onto the surface of the water.

The waves immediately shot into the skies. Whatever darkness there had already been was instantly plunged into an even darker state of blackness. Whereas there was still a flash of color previously due to lightning streaking through the skies, at this moment, it was as though Leonel had fallen into an abyss.

Water seemed harmless to most people, but that was only because of the usual state it was run across in. However, it couldn't be forgotten that water had its own weight and could very easily become among the most dangerous materials in the world given the right circumstances.

Leonel saw this wave as hardly any different from how a normal human would see a palm swipe from a grizzly bear.

Without hesitation, Leonel immediately activated his Bronze Runes and donned his silver Divine Armor. Reflecting beneath the blacks, the silver gained a dark hue to it that gave it a sinister vibe.

The instant his visor covered his gaze, the surfboard beneath Leonel's feet vanished as he truly stepped into the air. His body blinked and vanished, appearing past the tall wave and above the beaver. With a spin of his spear, his Universal Force and Spear Force surged, the golden mark of a spear appearing to hover before the forehead of his helmet.

However, before Leonel could even attempt to end the beaver's life, he felt several dangerous auras lock onto him.

Leonel could hardly react as dozens of swordfish shot out from the dark water. They pierced through the heavily falling rain and the fog of darkness like cutting blades. They were so fast that Leonel's Internal Sight almost failed to lock onto them, causing his pupils to constrict.

'They're coordinating…'

Leonel's black wood spear immediately shifted, his feet sweeping through the air as he changed his stance. He took a heavy step backward, causing a boom across the air and instantly sent over ten piercing strikes forward.

DENG! DENG! DENG! DENG! ꜰree ᴡeb ɴovel

The odd sound of a cross between his flesh and blade resounded. Leonel quickly deflected many of these swordfish, sending them flying past his shoulder. However, these well coordinated attacks didn't seem to have any intention on stopping anytime soon.

Leonel had hardly finished his last pierce when a flutter of black appeared before him. He caught a fluttering black feather out of the corner of his eye. In most circumstances, it would seem like an ominous sign, and that it was.

The black swan seemed to have only needed a single flap of its wings to appear before Leonel. Its wings were coated in a dark, scythe-like energy that split the air in its path. Leonel almost didn't notice its presence, and when he finally did, its wing was already before his throat.

It was right at that moment that Leonel's demeanor changed. It only took him a few exchanges to understand that these weren't simple opponents. Not only did they seem to have intelligence matching that of humans, but they also had individual power that made him feel somewhat numb. Any singular mistake might truly cost him his life.

In that case, it was time to be serious.

Beneath his visor, his expression suddenly became a deathly cold.

Seemingly sensing something, the black swan suddenly rolled itself into a ball, vanishing into the shadows and teleporting dozens of meters away.

'That's Little Blackstar's ability. Does it also have a shadow world?' Leonel made a mental note but he had already stepped across the skies.

A next volley of swordfish had already appeared before him. They tore through the skies even more menacingly than they had in the past, seemingly having used the beaver's tail as a spring board this time.

Another wall of wind threatened to send Leonel flying into the distance, but he held his ground, the tip of his spear vibrating for just a moment.

'[Meteoric Impact].'

Every time Leonel's spear swept forward, another swordfish would be blasted into minced meat. The penetrating power of his Spear Force seemed to have increased to another level, almost making it seem as though they were being destroyed from the inside out.

It was then that the enormous blue whale dwarfing crocodile seemed to have finished preparing something, its gaze seething as it locked onto Leonel. It was clear that the sudden murder of so many of its comrades had infuriated it.

It opened its large mouth, revealing a row of shimmering jagged teeth. Unlike what one might expect from a crocodile's mouth, it was eerily clean, almost as though it hadn't had a drop of meat in its lifetime, something Leonel felt should have been impossible.

However, what happened next gaze Leonel all the explanation he needed.

Beneath the ocean's surface, the crocodile's stomach had bulged to three times its original size. The instant it opened its mouth, its neck followed the same pattern. Its scales stretched so thin that the translucent skin between them became obvious, reddening beneath the strain.

And then… It roared.

A jet of a water the likes of which put the previous wave to shame suddenly erupted. It was so violent that the sound barrier shattered instantly, concentric circles of air being torn and blasted apart as it ripped a path toward Leonel. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

In one blink, it had exited the crocodiles mouth but in the next, it had already swallowed Leonel whole, far too quick for him to react.