Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 991 Water Domain Spear

Aina didn't seem to need much convincing that survival and battle were important. Maybe she felt that these things were extremely fundamental and didn't need to be explained further, or maybe she was just not aware of the hypocrisy of her own thoughts.

She easily accepted one thing she liked but couldn't easily accept something that could be deemed as her sacrificing for the sake of someone else. At the same time, she also found that she very much liked the concept of this logic?

She sat up from her bed a bit too easily. Luckily, she didn't use excessive strength of she may very well have hit the ceiling already. She blinked and looked around.

"If you use logic for everything, things become very easy, right?"

Aina didn't seem to be speaking to anyone in particular. It was only then that Yuri and Savahn realized that she was thinking out loud, leaving them somewhat speechless. They looked toward one another but didn't say much. Just talking aloud had already shifted Aina's mentality so much, they were almost scared to say anything more.

At the same time, though, wouldn't everyone be speaking around her? It wasn't exactly like they could just shelter her from everything or else that would defeat the entire purpose.

So, rather than staying silent, Yuri tried to start a conversation.

"Logic? Why do you say that?"

"Oh… Because my memories say that I love him but I don't understand why. I thought that if maybe I thought like him then I could understand. I also like the way he thinks, it seems to make sense."

Aina blinked. Yuri didn't know if it was an illusion or not, but Aina's golden eyes seemed to grow brighter whenever she said him. They practically radiated heir own light at this point, making it difficult for Yuri to look at her directly.

"I see." Yuri nodded. "So what do you want to do?"

"Ah… Um… Right! Train!"

Aina's eyes lit up. She found in her memories that she really liked to do that. And, she felt it was logical too.

The more training she did, the more powerful she would become, and the more battles she would win. Also, the more fit that she was, and the stronger she became, the longer she would live and the higher her chance at survival would be. These things all made logical sense to her. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Plus, she felt something in her blood calling out to her. She really wanted to swing a blade. The bigger, the better.

Before Yuri and Savahn could react, Aina had already dashed by them, her speed seemingly having increased by several levels. If it wasn't for Yuri's powerful mind, Aina would look no different from a blur to her.

Yuri could sense that Aina's blood was flowing far more smoothly. If in the past it had been working against her, it was now working with her side by side to the point their sum was exponential of what it had been before.

When Yuri and Savahn finally caught up, they found Aina standing in the courtyard but there was a slight panic on their faces.

The current Aina truly looked like an untouchable fairy. She had a bright, childish smile on her face as she swung her ax. But, this wasn't the main problem.

The issue was that she was wearing a silk nightgown that Yuri had put on her after helping her clean herself thoroughly during the last few days. It came to her knees, but the string straps that hung from her shoulders revealed much of her alluring collarbone and graceful arms.

Though she hadn't exposed anything too unseemly just yet, with every flutter of the wind the gown came closer and closer to doing so, riding up the elegant curve of her thighs and hips.

Luckily, Aina was wearing proper undergarments or the sight might have been even more scandalous than it was now. But everything from her long, fluttering hair to the delicate structure of her face made it feel as though the world was revolving around her.

The servants of the estate all had come to a grinding halt. Most of them were women, but there were most definitely some men around. This was the very first time they had seen Aina without her mask on and they felt shaken to their cores.

The way the silk wrapped around her toned belly and nearly split down her two round, bouncing cheeks was enough to make almost anyone faint from desire.

"Aina!"

Yuri rushed forward with a blanket, covering Aina completely and almost getting her head cut off in the process.

"Hm?" Aina blinked in confusion, not sure why Yuri was stopping her.

Her first instinct was to fling Yuri away from her, but her memories told her that this was a bad thing to do even though she didn't quite understand why.

However, what was obvious was that she was visibly annoyed. She glared at Yuri, causing the latter to shiver uncontrollably. She could sense a killing intent pervading Aina's gaze that made her blood run cold.

Just when Yuri was at a loss for what to do, a figure entered the courtyard under the escort of a maid and Aina's father. This figure had a servant of his own by his side, carrying a box that held several precious ingredients to wish Aina a speedy recovery.

However, when he laid eyes on Aina, he stood frozen. Even though she stood in such an odd position, holding a massive ax in one hand and with Yuri draping a large curtain over her body, he still felt as though all things had stopped.

Rychard had never seen such a beautiful woman in his life.

**

Across the Dimensional Verse, deep within a storm, a young man swung a trident-like spear, violent whirlpools of volatile water surging around him.

Three pillars carved with ancient patterns swirled about him like an ultimate defense. He weaved in and out of large swaths of oceanic beasts like he too was a fish in water, his momentum only climbing and growing.

Raising up his Water Domain Spear, its dragon-like sapphire spear heeded his call. The roar of a flood dragon shook the skies as several water serpents surged out from the blackened ocean.

Leonel stood amidst them all, several carcasses of colossal beasts floating about the surface around him.

"Get out of my way."

His voice reverberated like a low, rumbling growl. For reasons he wasn't quite certain off, he suddenly felt enraged.