Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 103: One Person Is Enough To Protect The Sect

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As a peak core formation realm expert, even the Great Qian royal family would be wary of his strength, and would not dare to do anything to the Qingyun sect in his presence.

However, if he left the Qingyun sect, there was no guarantee that the Great Qian Dynasty would leave the sect alone.

Now that they could no longer activate the sect’s mountain guardian array formation, what sort of trump card could he provide the sect?

Ye Xuan pondered this matter for some time, after which his eyes lit up.

He could refine a powerful jade token with his own strength!

He could condense the power of a peak core formation realm expert into the jade token. As long as the owner crushed it, they would be able to instantly release his power, just like the energy shield that Ming He had used earlier!

With the jade token, even if the peak core formation realm expert of the Great Qian Dynasty descended, there was no need to be afraid.

Most importantly, he did not need to give the jade token to Wan Shanhai. Instead, he could give it to his disciple and obtain a reward from the system.

If he was lucky, he might be able to obtain an even stronger jade token, perhaps one that was filled with the power of a supreme unity realm expert!

Of course, Ye Xuan did not immediately choose to condense the jade token. Instead, his gaze fell on the elders of the Huolie and Shenshan sects.

Although it was just a simple look, the expressions of the elders of the two sects still changed drastically. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

‘What… What does he want? Does he want to get even with us?’

‘We were just trying to find a path to survival. Besides, we did not do anything unfavorable to the Qingyun sect. Is Ye Xuan really going to kill us all?’

At that moment, the hearts of the elders of the two sects were filled with fear. The image of Ye Xuan killing a core formation realm expert with one sword strike resurfaced in their minds, and their bodies trembled.

Even if the elders of the two sects joined hands, they would definitely not be able to block the other’s sword strike.

“Leave the competition prizes behind, and you can leave!”

Ye Xuan looked at the elders of the two sects indifferently.

Although the competition between the three sects had not reached the final stages, it was obviously impossible to proceed now.

The relationship between the three major sects was no longer the same, given that the other two sects had abandoned the Qingyun sect during their time of need.

Besides, even if the competition continued, who could beat Yue and Li Qingyan?

Hearing this, the elders of the two major sects heaved a sigh of relief. Then they eagerly took out the rewards and handed them to Ye Xuan respectfully.

What were some rewards compared to their lives?

Ye Xuan did not hesitate. He waved his sleeve and put away the heavenly treasures. After that, he kept the top two rewards and handed the rest to Wan Shanhai to handle.

Although those personal disciples were not Ye Xuan’s disciples, he would not be stingy because of this, and there was no need to take advantage of them.

Besides, he had already given those types of rewards to Yue and Li Qingyan previously. Even if he gave them again, he would not receive a reward from the system.

“Alright, you can go now!”

After Ye Xuan dealt with the heavenly treasures, he looked at the people of the Huolie and Shenshan sects indifferently.

Seeing this, the people of the two sects felt as if they had been pardoned. Only then did they dare to walk away silently.

“Thank you, your Excellency!”

Seeing this, the elders of the two sects bowed to Ye Xuan in gratitude. Ye Xuan’s name would henceforth command even greater respect.

Seeing this, many of the Qingyun sect disciples revealed strange expressions.

Was this really how mighty core formation realm experts should behave?

Of course, they also knew that these elders only acted this way because of Ye Xuan’s strength.

Elder Ye Xuan, who was similar in age to them, could kill a top-notch core formation realm expert with a single blow. With a single sentence, he could even make the elders of these top-ranked sects grovel at his feet.

This was Elder Ye Xuan, the youngest and most terrifying elder of the Qingyun sect!

At this moment, the Qingyun sect disciples were filled with pride!

Although Ye Xuan’s strength had nothing to do with them, Ye Xuan was also a member of the Qingyun sect, so it was a kind of honor for them!

Elder Ye Xuan also graciously taught them, displaying his sword intent at the martial training ground, and then his sword intent and technique in the fight against the Xuanyin sect.

Once they witnessed the extent of Ye Xuan’s power, the image of that man and his sword had been deeply imprinted in their minds.

Especially that invincible and overbearing sword intent, which shocked them to their core!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The elders of the two sects hurriedly left the Qingyun sect with their respective cultivators. They did not even dare to look back, afraid that Ye Xuan might go back on his words.

They did not dare to look back until they were far away from the territory of the Qingyun sect.

When they saw that no one was chasing them, they heaved a sigh of relief. They also finally believed that Ye Xuan was really willing to let them go.

Then, the elders of the two sects looked at each other and saw the bitterness in each other’s eyes.

Just now, they had completely missed the chance to gain the eternal friendship of the Qingyun sect, and with it the friendship of a peak core formation expert who was only 20 years old.

Since Ye Xuan reached such terrifying heights at such an age, his future could be said to be limitless. If nothing went wrong, the other party would definitely be the first unity realm expert of the Great Qian Dynasty in the past several hundred years of history.

They even had a feeling that Ye Xuan alone might raise the Great Qian Dynasty’s status in the Tian Yuan continent.

Of course, this had to be based on the premise that Ye Xuan admitted that he was a cultivator of the Great Qian Dynasty.

Indeed, in the minds of these elders of the two sects, Ye Xuan’s strength no longer required the recognition of the Great Qian Dynasty. Instead, the Great Qian Dynasty needed Ye Xuan’s recognition.

He was only twenty years old, but had already reached the peak of the core formation realm. He was a shoo-in to reach the unity realm!

If there was a supreme unity realm expert in the Great Dynasty, the gap between the Great Qian Dynasty and an ordinary empire would be immense.

The Great Qian Dynasty was ranked in the Nanzhou Region of the Tian Yuan continent. It was one of the 169 empires, and its overall strength was only placed between the middle and lower ranks! Past the 100th rank!

However, if the Great Qian Dynasty had a unity realm expert, then its overall strength would be greatly enhanced!

What made them feel extremely bitter was that, just now, they had lost the chance to be friends with a future unity realm expert!

If they had held fast a little longer, until Ye Xuan appeared, the relationship between the three sects would have become extremely strong, and they would also receive Ye Xuan’s protection in the future.

Unfortunately, they missed their chance!

Thinking this, the elders of the two sects were filled with regret!