Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 106: It Was Time To Settle The Score

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As everyone knew, every time a cultivator broke through a major realm, the spiritual power inside his or her dantian would undergo a qualitative change.

Refinement realm, qi power!

Qi transformation realm, spiritual power!

True essence realm, true essence power!

Purple spirit realm, purple spirit power!

The core formation realm was divided into the Xudan power, true core power, and golden core power respectively.

When a cultivator reached the advanced stage of the golden core realm, if they wanted to make a breakthrough, they had to release their qi and blood essence and transform them into blood-red strands and slowly coil them around the golden core.

Only when the golden core in the dantian was fully covered with blood-red strands could a cultivator reach the limits of the core formation realm.

This was also Ye Xuan’s current cultivation realm.

When the blood-red strands reached this realm, the cultivator’s dantian would undergo a qualitative change and start producing a divine element.

This divine element was the most crucial for a cultivator to step into the unity realm.

As long as the divine element in the dantian perfectly fused with the cells in the cultivator’s body, the cultivator’s physical body would undergo an earth-shaking transformation to become a divine immortal body.

The divine element would slowly fuse the initial qi power, and the subsequent powers, all the way up to the golden core power.

This was the true essence of the unity realm!

The golden core was a catalyst to transform the cultivator’s qi and blood essence into this divine element.

Of course, in order for a cultivator to truly reach the unity realm, they had to have sufficient qi and blood essence.

In addition, unity realm experts were also known as immortal experts, and could be said to have achieved immortality!

This was because once the divine element was perfectly fused with the body, every cell in the body would contain divinity, exuding endless vitality!

Even if the cultivator was missing an arm or a leg, it would grow back in an extremely short period of time.

Most importantly, even if the cultivator’s head was cut off, the unity realm cultivator would not die instantly. As long as the head was reattached in time, the cultivator would not die!

If the elders of the Xuanyin sect had reached the unity realm, even if Ye Xuan could split them into two with one sword strike, he would not have been able to kill them completely.

Of course, if they were really unity realm experts, Ye Xuan might not even have been able to break through their physical defenses.

‘Ever since I completed the 108 blood-red strands, my spiritual power has reached the benchmark of a first-level unity realm cultivator,’ Ye Xuan thought to himself.

Thanks to the system’s information, he was aware of his own strength.

The jade tokens he had refined possessed the power of the first level of the unity realm, which meant that his own strength had reached the first level of the unity realm.

However, although his spiritual power had reached the standards of the unity realm, his physical body had not, and was still undergoing the transformation process.

Phew!

Ye Xuan took a deep breath.

No matter what, given his current strength, and the power of the system’s jade tokens, no one in the Great Qian Dynasty was his match.

After all, in the unity realm, the difference between each minor realm was more than ten times!

Therefore, the difference between a first-level and second-level jade token was self-evident!

Of course, Ye Xuan would not casually use these jade tokens. After all, these were his strongest trump cards for the time being.

Moreover, with his current strength, there was no need for him to fear any cultivator of the Great Qian Dynasty.

Most importantly, these jade tokens were more useful to him unused.

As long as he gave these jade tokens to his disciples, he would obtain jade tokens that contained even more terrifying power.

“The feeling of cheating is so awesome! I wonder if the system has any other functions… I’ll have to study it properly in the future!”

Ye Xuan stroked his chin as he thought this.

According to normal logic, no matter what he gave his disciple, he would receive a corresponding reward that was better than what he gave. Then, if he gave a sect to his disciple, would he not be able to directly obtain an even better sect?

Ye Xuan wondered what the limits of the system were.

However, he quickly came back to his senses. The most urgent thing now was to thoroughly deal with the rest of the Xuanyin sect.

Moreover, he was also very curious about the blood-red energy that Ming He had attacked with before dying.

Ye Xuan instructed Yue and Li Qingyan to stay in the Qingyun sect.

If the experts of the Great Qian Dynasty really came to the Qingyun sect, they would have the jade tokens that he had refined to protect them, and did not need to be afraid. It would be fine as long as they were safe and sound.

If the royal family of the Great Qian Dynasty really dared to make a move, he did not mind if his disciples used the power of the jade tokens to destroy them.

Then, Ye Xuan left Lingjiu peak and turned to fly toward the Xuanyin sect. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, right at this moment, Wan Shanhai appeared.

“Ye Xuan, the Moon Demon mystic realm will open soon,” Wan Shanhai said.

“Yes, thank you for your reminder, Sect Leader!”

Ye Xuan briefly nodded, and then his figure disappeared.

After Ye Xuan left, Wan Shanhai also returned to the main hall.

He had only gone there to remind Ye Xuan, worried that the latter might forget about such an important matter.