Chapter 115: Sea Of Blood, Scenes From An Ancient Battle!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

As night fell, a bright beam of light descended upon the Qingyun sect. When it dissipated, it revealed Ye Xuan’s figure.

After Ye Xuan returned to the Qingyun sect, he immediately went back to Lingjiu peak, and into the cultivation room.

He slowly sorted through the loot he had obtained from the Xuanyin sect.

Now, he was the sole owner of all the heavenly treasures of a top-ranked sect, which was a rather amazing thing in itself.

With sufficient heavenly treasures, he would be able to turn even the weakest mortal into a powerful cultivator.

Although Ming He had wasted a lot of the heavenly treasures to treat his injuries and break through, the Xuanyin sect was still a very rich one.

Soon after, Ye Xuan took out the storage rings that he had collected and sorted them out.

The items inside were divided into cultivation methods, weapons, pills, martial techniques, and so on.

Of the vast amount of resources, most were common resources that the sect used to bestow upon their disciples, which accounted for 80% of the total.

The remaining 20% comprised rarer heavenly treasures, which were basically sect leader and elders’ use.

Among them, Patriarch Ming He’s storage ring contained the most heavenlytreasures. After all, this guy had lived for hundreds of years. Although he had not shown himself during this period, he was still the patriarch of the Xuanyin sect.

Moreover, the sect leader and the elders were all supporting him. In order to aid his breakthrough, they provided him with all kinds of heavenly treasures. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Among these, Ye Xuan discovered some extremely strange artifacts, as well as some unconventional cultivation methods. However, he only took a brief look at them before throwing them into the corner.

Although these cultivation methods had peculiar functions, they were not of much use to him.

For example, “Bloodthirsty magic”, “Demonization”, and so on were all unconventional cultivation methods. Even if he gave these cultivation methods to his disciple, he probably would not receive anything useful in return from the system.

Especially “Demonization”. Although it could temporarily increase a cultivator’s strength, it only did so by burning one’s own cultivation foundation. If used excessively, it would cause great damage to one’s own cultivation foundation.

However, Ye Xuan did not throw them away. Instead, he kept them.

If there was a chance later, he could give them a good try and see if the system rewards for these unconventional methods could surprise him.

Of course, he did not have such thoughts at the moment. After all, he only had two disciples. How could he test such cultivation methods on them?

The most important thing now was to give his disciples the resources that would be most helpful to their cultivation!

For example, the Purple Spirit pills, the soul returning pills, the blood qi pills, and so on… There were many of these pills. Among them, the blood qi pills were peak third-grade pills. It could help cultivators condense qi and blood essence in their bodies.

Unfortunately, there were only two of these pills!

In fact, Ming He only had three blood qi pills. He only had the heart to use one when he broke through. Most of the time, he relied on absorbing the qi and blood essence from the bloodstones to condense the blood-red strands.

However, this had now benefited Ye Xuan.

After some time, Ye Xuan finally finished classifying the heavenly treasures he had obtained.

It was worth mentioning that among them were some heavenly treasures that could increase a cultivator’s innate bone value and comprehension value, which were representative of a cultivator’s talent level.

If Ye Xuan could increase his innate bone value and comprehension value to the upper limit, whatever it was,, even if he could no longer obtain that category of rewards from the system, it would be worth it. After all, his cultivation speed would be maxed out at that point.

Therefore, Ye Xuan would not let any such heavenly treasures slip through his fingers.

Still, It was a pity that such heavenly treasures were extremely rare. Even the second-ranked Xuanyin sect only had three of them.

Whoosh!

After sorting everything, Ye Xuan took a deep breath and then took out the blood-colored energy from his storage ring!

This was the energy that had flown out from Ming He’s dantian when he had killed the latter. From the looks of it, Ming He seemed to be unable to control this blood-colored energy.

At first glance, this clump of blood-colored energy not only looked like some kind of natural energy, but also seemed to contain some measure of spiritual sense.

Then, Ye Xuan reached out and made a grabbing gesture, and the clump of blood-colored energy reappeared in his palm. His own qi and blood essence surged forth and wrapped themselves around it.

Moments later, Ye Xuan’s spiritual sense swept out and slowly examined the blood-colored energy.

The clump of blood-colored energy vibrated wildly within the energy barrier formed by Ye Xuan’s qi and blood essence, but to no avail.

“I’ve got it!”

“This is a clump of remnant spiritual power of a cultivator that still possesses spiritual sense!”

After a moment, Ye Xuan revealed an expression of realization. He hesitated briefly before his own spiritual sense surged into the clump of blood-colored energy.

Boom!

When Ye Xuan’s spiritual sense entered the clump of blood-colored energy, a blood-tinged image suddenly appeared in his mind. This image was filled with mountains of corpses and seas of blood, and the entire world was red.

Countless corpses were piled up on the ground, and the air was filled with the stench of blood and death.

Suddenly, the blood-colored world shook violently. The corpses piled up on the ground let out crackling sounds and instantly came to life. Then, they glowed with brilliant light and stood up; their bodies exuded powerful auras.

Each of them held a high-grade weapon in their hands. Then, they began to fight with a blood-colored skeleton that was condensed from strange blood-colored energy.

There were countless Xudan, true core, and golden core realm cultivators. However, even the peak core formation realm cultivators were cannon fodder in this great war.

Apart from that, there were even more terrifying cultivators who attacked!

With just a slight wave, these cultivators easily tore through space, and with world-shaking power, they attacked the blood-colored skeleton.