Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 116: You Dare To Destroy My Spiritual Sense

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

However, the scythe in the blood-colored skeleton’s hand emitted an even more terrifying destructive power.

The army of cultivators was completely unable to stop its advance. Every time the blood-colored scythe struck, countless core formation realm cultivators would fall.

Apart from this, the blood-colored scythe also emitted strands of strange blood-colored energy that crazily devoured the bodies of those cultivators.

As the two sides fought, the world trembled crazily. Cracks appeared in space, swallowing and spitting out the terrifying power of the void beyond.

Some cultivators below the core formation realm were directly devoured by the void. In addition, the violent spatial cracks shattered into shards of light, destroying everything around them.

Whoosh!

At this moment, an extremely terrifying energy blade rushed toward Ye Xuan’s spiritual sense.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan’s expression changed. His spiritual power surged and formed an energy barrier in front of him.

However, when the energy blade collided with it, the barrier cracked!

At the same time, Ye Xuan’s spiritual sense also retreated, his face somewhat pale.

There was indeed remnant spiritual power left in the clump of blood-colored energy. What he had seen earlier were the last memories of the owner of that spiritual power.

Why would such energy exist in the body of the patriarch of the Xuanyin sect?

Thinking this, Ye Xuan frowned.

He had thought that the clump of blood-colored energy was some sort of spiritual object, but he had not expected that it was the remnant spiritual power of a cultivator, and that there were still memories stored within it.

This was completely useless to him.

Ye Xuan immediately waved his hand, and the tyrannical sword qi from the Sword Overlord physique surged out and, combined with his second-level sword intent, instantly destroyed the clump of blood-colored energy.

“Impudent!”

“You dare to destroy my spiritual sense?”

Before the spiritual sense completely dissipated, a cold voice suddenly rang out.

Ye Xuan frowned. What was going on?

His expression immediately turned vigilant. His spiritual sense swept out and carefully observed the surroundings. Only when he confirmed that nothing unusual had happened did he heave a sigh of relief.

That old geezer Ming He probably did not know that the clump of blood-colored energy contained someone’s spiritual sense.

However, despite Ye Xuan’s current strength, he actually had been able to detect or sense the owner of that voice at all. This was enough to tell him just how powerful the owner of that voice was!

Ye Xuan felt a sudden sense of urgency to increase his strength.

In a few days, the Moon Demon mystic realm would open. At that time, many genius cultivators from the various empires and sects would make their way there. Ye Xuan planned to take in a few disciples during this period.

Although his future disciples’ talent levels did not matter much to him, if their innate bone and comprehension values were extremely outstanding, then the system rewards he would receive in return for his efforts would be quite considerable.

He planned to take this time to enter secluded cultivation until the Moon Demon mystic realm opened in order to refine the power of the seventh-grade Nirvana pill and see if he could reach the unity realm.

He had already reached the limits of the core formation realm. His golden core power, and the qi and blood essence in his dantian, had gradually fused, giving birth to the divine element.

In order to truly enter the unity realm, he had to use this divine element to refine his physical body, from the meridians, bones, and internal organs, to the seven orifices, and so on.

Moreover, the process of refining one’s physical body was also extremely dangerous.

The divine element not only possessed extremely strong vitality, but also extremely terrifying destructive power.

In order to completely fuse his physical body with the divine element, he had to destroy his own cells and then reconstruct them.

The process was to condense the divine element in one’s dantian and use it to destroy the cells in his body. Then, one would use the powerful vitality contained in the divine element to reconstruct the cells.

The destructive power of the divine element was extremely violent and difficult to control. The slightest bit of carelessness could result in irreparable damage to his cultivation foundation.

There were even some cultivators who died on the spot when the violent destructive power went out of control.

However, if the cultivator succeeded, they would undergo a qualitative change and reach a new level.

The unity realm was divided into nine levels.

However, if a cultivator possessed a powerful spiritual sense, the danger of breaking through would be greatly reduced. After all, spiritual sense was the key to controlling the divine element.

“I wonder when I’ll be able to get my hands on a spiritual sense cultivation method.”

There were indeed spiritual sense cultivation methods in the Tian Yuan continent, but they were extremely rare. At the very least, none existed in the Great Qian Dynasty.

Ye Xuan had never left the Great Qian Dynasty. Furthermore, he was not even sure if such a cultivation method existed in the Nanzhou Region.

However, if he encountered it, he would definitely do his best to obtain it!

Even the lowest grade spiritual sense cultivation method was fine. After all, he could obtain a higher grade one by giving it to his disciples.

Ye Xuan then put aside the distracting thoughts in his mind, and entered secluded cultivation.

…

During this period, the battle between the Qingyun sect and the Xuanyin sect spread throughout the Great Qian dynasty.

Whether it was the royal family or the common folk, everyone was discussing this topic.

When the powerful cultivators in the Great Qian Dynasty heard the news, they were even more shocked than the common folk. After all, only cultivators at their level could understand how terrifying Ye Xuan’s cultivation level was.

In the eyes of those ordinary people, Ye Xuan was very powerful, and they even called him the invincible God of War!

However, they had no proper understanding of his strength. After all, to them, both Xudan realm and peak core formation realm cultivators were like gods to them, distant and unattainable.

Then, someone leaked what had happened between Ye Xuan and the old king, and what had happened when the grand elder of the Qian Gate went to the Qingyun sect. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Then, all kinds of exaggerated versions of these stories emerged everywhere.

At the beginning, the rumor only stated that Li Yan and the old king were afraid of Ye Xuan’s strength and did not dare to pursue the matter of Ye Xuan destroying the Xuanyin sect.

However by the time it reached the ears of the cultivators on the street, the story had already undergone huge changes.

People were now saying that with a slight wave of Ye Xuan’s hand, he could destroy the Great Qian royal palace, and that even Li Yan and the old king had to kneel before his awesome might.

Not only that, the titles of the strongest genius in the past thousand years of the Qingyun sect and the greatest genius of the current generation of the Great Qian Dynasty changed as well. He was now called the strongest genius in the Nanzhou Region for all eternity!

Although these claims were somewhat ridiculous, the core formation realm cultivators of the Great Qian Dynasty knew very well that Ye Xuan’s level of talent was monstrous, and that he would definitely be counted among the top genius cultivators of the Nanzhou Region.

Ye Xuan was still in secluded cultivation at the moment, so he was unaware of the stories circulating about him in the outside world, and how ridiculous each one was.

Of course, if he knew about this, he would only smile and deny it.

After all, with his current level of talent, he was not worthy of being called the strongest genius of the Nanzhou Region for all eternity.

However, in the future, once he had recruited a large number of disciples, those claims might no longer be considered outrageous.