Chapter 117: Can You Even Call That Secluded Cultivation?

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Although Ye Xuan’s previous level of talent was extremely high, and he was quite famous in the cultivation world, it was still limited to those in the know.

However, after the incident between the Qingyun sect and the Xuanyin sect, Ye Xuan’s reputation spread throughout the entire Great Qian Dynasty, from the grassroots to the inner court of the royal palace!

Not only that, some nearby empires that were adjacent to the Great Qian Dynasty also started hearing rumors of Ye Xuan’s achievements!

There were also many cultivators who went to the ruins of the Xuanyin sect to observe the sword qi marks Ye Xuan left behind.

It was said that this sword strike had instantly slain five core formation realm experts!

To most cultivators, this was undoubtedly miraculous!

When they stood in front of the trench, which was hundreds of meters deep, they could sense the tyrannical sword qi, and there were marks all over the ground that testified to the power of the sword strike.

Most importantly, some of Ye Xuan’s sword intent lingered in the trench.

Some talented cultivators, after observing his sword intent, had their cultivation levels increased. Some even comprehended the embryonic form of sword intent.

From then on, Ye Xuan became the idol of every cultivator in the Great Qian Dynasty. This was especially true for sword cultivators, to whom Ye Xuan was like a god.

Jiangqing City.

The city had been extremely lively these past few days, and the Li family’s residence was packed with people. There were lanterns and streamers everywhere in the family, as if something big had happened.

Outsiders might not know, but the cultivators of Jiangqing City knew very well that the reason why the Li family was so lively was because they had heard about Ye Xuan’s achievements, and organized a celebration in his honor.

The Li family decided to hold a banquet to celebrate for three days and three nights.

As long as anyone in Jiangqing City came to the Li family’s residence, they could participate in the banquet for free!

When Ye Xuan visited Jiangqing City back then, he had left a deep impression on everyone. Still, no one here expected that, in less than a month, he would cause a sensation that resounded throughout the entire Great Qian Dynasty.

Ye Xuan, had reached the peak of the core formation realm at the age of twenty and had single-handedly destroyed the Xuanyin sect!

Although no one had a good impression of the Xuanyin sect, their strength was unquestionable.

In the eyes of countless people, the Xuanyin sect was absolutely untouchable. Any one of their core formation realm elders could easily destroy Jiangqing City.

However, such a terrifying sect was easily destroyed by Ye Xuan!

In addition to that, according to the rumors, Ye Xuan had not even used his full strength to destroy them.

As for whether those rumors were true, no one knew. After all, there were all sorts of ridiculous exaggerations out there.

What they could confirm was that Ye Xuan had already become an invincible existence in the Great Qian Dynasty.

What did Ye Xuan’s achievements have to do with a small family in Jiangqing City? Why were they so happy?

The reason was very simple. The daughter of the head of the Li family was Ye Xuan’s personal disciple!

At this point in time, countless cultivators were filled with envy and jealousy toward the Li family.

In less than two days, countless people had showed up at their doors. Long-lost relatives who had not been seen for hundreds of years suddenly returned to acknowledge their ancestors.

Now, even the servants of the Li family were respected by the city’s populace.

…

Compared to the celebrations at the Li family’s residence, the atmosphere at the Huolie and Shenshan sects was one of depression.

Many cultivators saw their sect leaders’ worried expressions as they sighed daily at the missed opportunity.

Back then, they had distanced themselves from the QIngyun sect to save their own skin.

Who knew that Ye Xuan had become so powerful?

However, there was no medicine for regret.

The guy had reached the peak of the core formation realm at the age of 20! The word “monstrous” was no longer sufficient to describe his talent.

If the Ye Xuan from before had been described as a hidden dragon, he was now a full-fledged majestic dragon, soaring through the nine heavens!

Everyone knew that Ye Xuan would leave the Great Qian Dynasty sooner or later. The Nanzhou Region, or even the entire Tian Yuan continent, was Ye Xuan’s true stage.

Although the Nanzhou Region was vast and endless, it was only one of the regions of the Tian Yuan continent!

How vast was the Tian Yuan continent?

Even core formation realm experts only had a vague understanding of the Tian Yuan continent from the records.

Ye Xuan’s future achievements would definitely be unimaginable!

Everyone was certain that, not long from now, Ye Xuan would definitely become the first unity realm expert in the past hundreds of years in the Great Qian Dynasty. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

…

Ye Xuan remained in secluded cultivation as the days went by. Soon, eight days had passed.

During this time, Ye Xuan successfully refined another portion of the medicinal efficacy of the seventh-grade Nirvana pill. Even so, he still could not break through.

“As expected! The higher the realm, the harder it is to break through!”

Despite his current innate bone value, coupled with the medicinal efficacy of the seventh-grade Nirvana pill, there were no signs of breaking through. From this, one could see how difficult it was to reach the unity realm.

However, if other peak core formation realm experts heard Ye Xuan’s words, they would definitely be furious.

Did he not just cultivate for eight days? How could that be called secluded cultivation? Trying to break through in just eight days? Was this guy dreaming?

Others would be in secluded cultivation for months, if not years, and still might not be able to break through!

Yet Ye Xuan was dreaming of the impossible!

“It seems that I can only truly break through after fully refining the medicinal efficacy of the seventh-grade Nirvana pill!”

“This will take at least five days!”

Although he had not truly stepped into the first level of the unity realm, he was still considered a half-step unity realm cultivator.

After a few days of assiduous cultivation, his body had already fused with part of the divine element, and now contained overflowing vitality!

Even if there were wounds that were deep enough to see bone, they would heal within an extremely short period of time.