Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chapter 13: Hiding Auras

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Yue sat on the back of the firebird thousands of feet high in the sky. She looked down at the ground below and could not help but feel curious.

It was her first time flying in the sky.

“Yue, on the Tianyuan Continent, the weak are prey to the strong. The strong are respected. This world is extremely cruel. You must remember not to expose your strengths in front of others!

“Today, I will teach you a method to hide your aura!”

Ye Xuan stood on the back of the firebird with an indifferent expression. The spiritual power in his body turned into a transparent shield to resist the strong wind in the sky.

He suddenly remembered something from his run-in with Elder Lin Qing. He had been so focused on helping Yue break through with her cultivation that he had forgotten to teach her how to hide her strength.

Hearing this, Yue, who was sitting cross-legged on the back of the firebird, could not help but look at Ye Xuan with bright eyes.

Ye Xuan reached out and gently tapped on Yue’s forehead.

“Qi storage technique?”

At the same time, a secret technique suddenly appeared in Yue’s mind.

By practicing qi storage technique, one could easily hide one’s own strength. Unless the difference in strength between two parties was too great, the other party would not be able to see through one’s cultivation.

Yue’s current cultivation was at the ninth stage of the qi transformation state. After practicing the qi storage technique, she could at most block the spiritual sensing of an empty core state cultivator. If she encountered a true core stage cultivator, or an even stronger existence... this secret technique would have no effect at all.

......

Of course, with Yue’s breakthroughs in strength would also come the improvement of her qi storage technique.

[Ding! Due to the host imparting the qi storage technique to his disciple, a random 21-fold feedback critical hit has been obtained. Congratulations on obtaining the breath concealing technique!]

The system’s voice sounded in Ye Xuan’s mind.

Immediately, he hurriedly opened the introduction of the breath concealing technique.

The breath concealing technique was the same as the previous qi storage technique. It could also conceal the cultivator’s specific realm, but it could completely conceal the cultivator’s aura, making the other party seem dead to the world when it came to spirituality.

In other words, the qi concealing technique could only hide the cultivator’s cultivation state, but the breath concealing technique could hide all the cultivator’s information.

Whether it was the cultivator’s cultivation state, breathing, heartbeat, or anything else, it could all be completely concealed. After using the breath concealing technique, one’s entire person would be like a grain of sand, completely unremarkable to the eye.

Moreover, if one could cultivate to a state of mastery, there was a very high possibility of concealing the detection of a high-level cultivator. This could be said to be a killer’s ultimate move.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan chose to cultivate without hesitation.

“Huh?”

Yue, who was carefully comprehending the qi field, could not help but raise her eyebrows. She realized that with her spiritual sense, it seemed that she could not detect the existence of her master at all.

However, when she opened her eyes, her master was beside her with a calm expression.

However, when she used her spiritual sense to detect again, she once again lost all her perception of her master. It was as if her master had become one with the void.

...

The firebird was extremely fast. In a moment, it had covered thousands of miles and was flying toward Yue’s home.

When Ye Xuan left the Qingyun sect, he had asked for Yue’s specific address.

Yue’s home was in Fengtian County, Linshi Village, west of Yunhei City.

Fengtian County was located in Yunan Province, which was in the east of the great Qian Dynasty.

Back then, Yue had also experienced a narrow escape. It had taken her several months to reach the Qingyun sect.

Now, with the rapid flying speed of the firebird, they had only taken four days to get close to Yunhei City.

Time passed slowly. Soon, a huge mountain range appeared in their field of vision. Even though they were thousands of feet up from the ground, they could not see the end of the mountain range.

“Not far away is the mountain range of the rural area. After passing this mountain range, we can reach Yunhei City.”

Ye Xuan stood on the back of the firebird, looked at the mountain range not far away, and spoke slowly.

Hearing this, Yue hurriedly stood up. Looking at the mountain range in front of her, she could not help but feel absent-minded.

When she first came to the Qingyun sect, she had experienced a narrow escape, barely passing through this mountain range. After leaving the dangerous center of the mountain range, she had met a pair of kind-hearted merchants.

It was also with the help of that pair of merchants that she was able to arrive at the Qingyun sect by horse carriage.

The Death Zone mountain range was extremely dangerous. It was known as one of the forbidden areas of the great Qian Dynasty. Cultivators who had not broken through to the core formation state would never to show off like Ye Xuan.

After all, there were many powerful demon beasts in the mountain range. If one was not strong enough, it was very likely that one would fall prey at the hands of those demon beasts.

Of course, the mountain range of the Death Zone had many opportunities as well as much danger. It was also because of this that countless adventurers were active around the mountain range.

At least on the way over the mountain range, Ye Xuan had already seen more than a dozen groups of adventurers.

When the adventurers saw the firebird flying over the void, they could not help but shrink their necks back.

Just the aura of the firebird alone was already so terrifying. How terrifying could the strength of the master behind him be?

Of course, Ye Xuan did not know what the adventurers were thinking, and he was not interested. He planned to cross the mountain range of the Death Zone as soon as possible and then take a rest in Yunhei city.

However, at this moment, a few figures suddenly appeared in his field of vision.

“Are they so fated?” Seeing this, Ye Xuan could not help but reveal a helpless expression.

Not far ahead of them, there were three groups of cultivators confronting each other.

One of the groups consisted of two curvaceous girls. Their beautiful eyes were filled with solemnity, and the longswords in their hands shone with a sharp light.

On the other side were seven cultivators in different clothes, with various weapons in their hands.

Their gazes were fixed on the crystal in the hands of a young girl, their eyes filled with greed.

On the other side, there were three young men dressed in cyan and black robes. These three men had calm expressions, and their faces had focused and strategizing expressions.

The man at the front stood with his hands behind his back. His gaze fell on the two young girls in front of him, and his eyes were filled with ridicule.

“I wonder what the two of you think? As long as you agree to use the Dark Glacial Frost as a reward, we will help you deal with these people!”

The young man dressed in green robes looked at the two young ladies indifferently, his eyes filled with ridicule as he spoke.

“Brat who doesn’t know the immensity of the Heavens and the Earth, do you know what you’re talking about?”

Before the two young ladies could reply, one of the group of seven, a fierce-looking man with a scar on his face, spoke up with a vicious look in his eyes.

‘This guy really did not know what was good for him. Did he really think the three of them would be able to defeat them? He has not even tried to find out how powerful our ferocious adventurer team is!’

“Hehe!”

The young man did not bother with the scary guy. Instead, he turned his gaze toward the two girls.