Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 134: This Stinky Monk Really Has A Lot Of Tricks Up His Sleeve

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Whoosh!

Sword qi flashed past!

“Ah…”

The monk immediately revealed a pained expression as he hurriedly retreated, pulling apart the distance between them.

That sword attack just now had almost cut off his arm. His arm was barely hanging by a thread now, quite literally.

This guy had not used his full strength earlier either.

Immediately, the divine element in the monk’s body did its job. It slowly reconnected his arm and regrew his flesh and bones.

However, the monk was already fearful of Ye Xuan’s strength. He immediately turned around and tried to escape.

He had already used the Vajra Demon Subjugation body and the Diamond Palm attack, not to mention the defensive power of the kasaya. Even so, his arm had almost been severed by that sword strike. This was enough to show how terrifying Ye Xuan was.

Although he was lucky enough to save his arm, a large hole had appeared on the kasaya. The torn cloth was still filled with streams of overbearing sword qi.

Why was this young man’s strength so terrifying? He might even have the strength to kill him, a unity realm expert.

Ye Xuan’s sword qi could destroy his physical body faster it could recover. If he allowed that to go on for too long, he would die.

When the vitality in the divine element was exhausted, he would not be able to heal himself. At that point, even if he escaped with his soul, he would not be able to survive for long.

“Do you think you can escape?”

Seeing this, Ye Xuan sneered.

This guy had wanted to snatch his treasure, but now, after realizing that his own life was in danger, he was trying to escape. There was no way Ye Xuan was going to let him off this easily.

Moreover, if he had been any weaker, he might have been killed by this monk.

Whoosh!

The longsword in Ye Xuan’s hand released even more sword qi, which flew through the sky and attacked the monk.

The monk’s expression changed. The sword qi was so fast that he had no time to dodge.

The monk decisively crushed one of the Buddhist beads in his hand.

Moments later, an energy barrier was formed.

Boom!

The sword qi ruthlessly struck the energy barrier, and it immediately began to shake violently!

Unfortunately, the attack failed to shatter the energy barrier.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan frowned. Could it be that those Buddhist beads were some sort of consumable. They seemed to function like protective jade tokens. Moreover, the energy barrier formed by breaking the bead even managed to block his sword qi.

Seeing this, the monk was relieved.

Fortunately, this guy could not break the energy barrier.

“Huh?”

Before he could reach, an even more terrifying tyrannical sword qi suddenly struck the energy barrier.

“A Sword Dao constitution!”

“Wait… There’s also sword intent…”

When the monk saw this, he turned pale with fright.

Countless cracks suddenly appeared on the energy barrier before it shattered.

Swoosh!

The sword qi then easily sliced through the kasaya’s defense and Vajra Demon Subjugation Body.

The monk’s body was split into two, and he fell straight down. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Of course, the monk was not dead. The divine element in his dantian surged out, releasing its vitality to heal his wounds.

The monk’s pupils were filled with shock. He had sensed the aura of death from that sword strike!

If the other party attacked a few more times, he would definitely die!

He was only at the first level of the unity realm, so the vitality of his divine element was limited.

Moments later, the monk decisively crushed two Buddhist beads.

As the Buddhist beads shattered, a surge of power enveloped the monk he flashed away.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan revealed a hint of surprise.

“I didn’t expect this monk to have so many life-saving trump cards!”

The monk was moving so fast that he could not catch up with his current speed. However, if Ye Xuan used the speed-boosting jade token he obtained from the system, things would change.

A month after giving them first-grade jade tokens, Ye Xuan had given them the second-grade jade tokens he had obtained from the system.

Now, he was in possession of a third-grade speed boosting token.

As long as he crushed it, he would be able to quickly catch up to the monk.

However, given Ye Xuan’s current strength, if he did not use his trump card, it would be very difficult to kill the monk.

The offensive jade token in Ye Xuan’s possession could burst forth with an attack strength of a third-level unity realm expert. Using it to kill this monk would be a waste.

Ye Xuan frowned.

He had not expected the gap in strength to narrow so greatly at this cultivation level. Although he could suppress the monk with absolute power, he could not kill him without wasting a trump card.

Even if he accumulated his own power and used his most powerful attack, he could at most severely injure the monk. If he wanted to truly kill him, he would need to do this a few times.

During the time he recovered his spiritual power, the monk would have enough time to use his trump card to escape!

However, if the monk did not have the kasaya and the Vajra Demon Subjugation body, Ye Xuan would have been able to kill him instantly.

Unfortunately, any expert who could step into the unity realm definitely possessed their own fair share of trump cards.

Therefore, if Ye Xuan wanted to truly kill the monk, there were only three possibilities. He could either advance to the second level of the unity realm, improve his Sword Dao constitution, or improve the level of his sword intent.

The Sword Dao constitution had three realms, which were minor success, major success, and total success.

At present, Ye Xuan’s Sword Tyrant body had only reached the minor success realm. Although his cultivation level had increased significantly, he had made very little progress in terms of cultivating his Sword Dao constitution.

The same was true for his sword intent!

If he improved the level of his sword intent, it would enhance the power of his sword qi.

If he could reach the third level of sword intent, then his sword qi would become even more terrifying!