Chapter 18: Giving Gold

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“That’s right. Is there a relationship between those two things?” Ye Xuan asked.

Huang Ling said, “These new disciples have been placed in the provinces of the great Qian Dynasty. They claim they want to eliminate the bandits there.

“And the strangest thing is that... they’re actually doing it!”

Everyone was well aware of the Xuanyin sect’s usual behavior. They acted arrogantly, snatched away magic treasures from others, and made enemies everywhere. Moreover, they made use of their power to distort the truth, which aroused the anger of countless cultivation practitioners.

However, because they were too strong, many cultivation practitioners could only be angry but did not dare to speak out against them.

If they had sent disciples to steal things from the provinces, no one would find it strange. However, if they really wanted to eliminate the bandits and be chivalrous and righteous... That was odd.

These guys would never act benevolently. Why did they care about getting rid of the?bandits?

“Oh?” Hearing this, Ye Xuan could not help but raise his eyebrows. He could not help but link this matter to the massacre of Yue’s village.

“Could these two events be connected?” Ye Xuan could not help but stroke his chin and think.

If the destruction of Yue’s village really had something to do with the Xuanyin sect, then he would have another reason to kill them off.

However, he could not find any evidence for the time being, so he could only keep this matter to himself.

As night slowly fell, Ye Xuan and the others finally arrived at the Yunhei City on the firebird.

......

Yunhei City was located in the east of the great Qian Dynasty, and it was a place of extreme violence.

The reason for that was very simple. Yunhei City was located in the mountain range of the Death Zone, where the Netherworld Forest and Fog Lake met.

If Ye Xuan wanted to reach Yunan Province in the shortest time possible, he would have to cross Yunhei City.

Of course, some cultivators with a weaker cultivation level would choose to avoid Yunhei and use a safer route to travel.

After all, Yunhei City was different from other places. There were no rules in this city. It could be said that the law of the jungle was strictly followed, and the strong were greatly respected!

As long as one was strong enough, they set the rules!

The imperial family of the great Qian dynasty could not be bothered less about this place. After all, Yunhei City was located in a remote area, and they could not do much about it. As long as nothing huge happened, they turned a blind eye to the city.

Yunhei City was an extremely chaotic place. If one did not possess a certain level of strength, one would not dare to visit.

Huang Ling and Xue Min had only heard of the city from books and had never set foot in it before.

Not long after arrived, they walked down from the back of the firebird.

When Huang Ling and Xue Min saw that the firebird entered the space between Yue’s eyebrows, they could not help but be shocked.

Should the owner of this firebird not be elder ye? Why did Yue own it?

Could it be that Elder Ye Xuan had given his mount to Yue?

At the thought of this, the two of them could not help but look at each other, their eyes filled with shock!

Yue keeping the firebird was enough to prove that these two had a deep bond!

For a moment, Huang Ling and Xue Min felt their hearts ache and their eyes fill with envy!

Elder Ye Xuan was too good to Yue!

“I’m so torn up about this!”

“If only I was Elder Ye’s disciple!”

Both of them knew each other’s intentions very well. If they had not already become Elder Lin Qing’s disciples, they would definitely have tried to convince Ye Xuan to accept them as disciples.

Think about it! If they could become the disciples of a handsome, talented, and young existence like him, how blissful would that be?

For a moment, Huang Ling and Xue Min felt extremely regretful.

Someone as handsome as Elder Ye Xuan was akin to a god in the hearts of countless girls!

Ye Xuan did not know what Huang Ling and Xue Min were thinking. He brought them to Yunhei City.

As soon as they entered the city, they heard that there was going to be an auction soon.

Countless adventurers gathered in this chaotic city. Most of them were cultivators who had ventured into the Netherworld Forest and the mountains of the Death Zone before.

As their gathering place, Yunhei City was naturally filled with countless treasures. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

It was said that Yunhei City held a small auction every day, and a large-scale auction would be held every 30 days.

Right now, it was exactly 30 days since the last auction, so a large-scale auction was about to be held in the city.

Ye Xuan and the others found an inn. After settling down, he began to take out all the gold coins in his storage space.

“Here, take these gold coins. If you see anything you like, buy it!”

Like a member of the nouveau riche, Ye Xuan threw the pile of gold coins to Yue.

Looking at the mountain of gold coins that illuminated the entire room, Yue was completely stunned. Beside her, Huang Ling and Xue Min could not help but stayed rooted to the spot.

It was too much gold, shining bright light onto Yue and the other two.

How much were all these gold coins worth when added up? At least tens of millions?

“Oh my God...”

Yue was still in a daze. Huang Ling, who was the first to react, could not help but swallow her saliva.

She had never seen such a huge amount of gold coins in her life. For a moment, she was stunned.

As expected of an elder of the Qingyun sect! He had so many gold coins... and he was giving them to Yue as pocket money.

After all, Ye Xuan had asked Yue to buy whatever she liked. Was it not pocket money?

He had even given her so much pocket money. Did that mean he still had more gold coins in his storage ring?!

Oh My God! Why did they not have such a rich master?

For a moment, Huang Ling and Xue Min could not help but look at each other and smile wryly.

They felt completely at a loss and like the world was extremely unfair.

There was nothing more painful in the world than this. They had clearly met the most perfect master, but he did not want to take them in.

As expected, the grass was always greener on the other side!

The two of them did not know that this mountain of gold coins was all Ye Xuan had to his name.

After his cultivation reached the true core state, gold coins of the secular world were no longer very important to him. He valued the rare cultivation resources more.

Of course, if he converted the heavenly treasures in his storage ring into gold coins, he could indeed accumulate a mountain of gold much higher than this one.