Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 191: Lin Qingping In Despair

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Most importantly, why did she appear here? Could it be that she had also come out of the mystic realm?

Could it be that she had obtained an opportunity in the mystic realm?

At the thought of this, a flash of greed appeared on the man’s face.

Were it not proven that bad luck would befall anyone who got close to Zhao Yuyan, he would have tried to mess with Zhao Yuyan.

‘No! This girl might really have obtained a fortuitous encounter. I have to find an opportunity to discuss it with Li Baijun,’ the man thought to himself.

He did not have any talent in cultivation and was not on the same level as Li Baijun. There were no sects that took a fancy to him and, as such, he had to eke out a living as an itinerant cultivator.

Originally, he had come to the Moon Demon mystic realm to try his luck. However, he failed to find anything of value there.

The fact that Zhao Yuyan, a jinx, had obtained something from the mystic realm did not sit well with him. How could this jinx be luckier than him?

Therefore, the man planned to inform Li Baijun of this matter as soon as possible and discuss whether he could snatch Zhao Yuyan’s opportunity.

However, the man never expected that his hint of greed would bring disaster to the Radiant Sky empire in the future.

..

“I’m not a jinx anymore… I won’t bring bad luck to others… ”

Looking at the figures of everyone avoiding her, Zhao Yuyan lowered her head. Her face was filled with loneliness.

However, when she thought of what Ye Xuan had told her, Zhao Yuyan immediately perked up and headed in the direction of the White Moon Tower.

The entrance of the mystic realm was not very far from the White Moon Tower. Previously, it would take her half an hour to arrive, but now that her cultivation had reached the tenth level of the qi transformation realm, she only needed ten minutes to arrive.

However, in order to avoid things like men happening again, Zhao Yuyan took some detours.

Within the Nanzhou Region, the Radiant Sky empire was only ranked in the middle and lower range. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, if one were to exclude the monstrous Ye Xuan, the Radiant Sky Empire’s strength would still be far stronger than the Great Qian Dynasty’s. After all, they had a unity realm expert overseeing them.

Of course, the most crucial thing was that the backer behind the Radiant Sky Empire was the Nether God sect.

However, in order to obtain the protection of the Nether God sect, the Radiant Sky Empire had to pay tribute to the Nether God sect on a regular basis.

However, because of the Nether God sect, no other forces dared to covet the territory and resources of the Radiant Sky Empire.

The White Moon Tower was located in Lomo Province. It was a second-rate sect of the Radiant Sky Empire. Although it could not be compared to the top ten sects, it still had golden core realm experts within their ranks.

In the northern section of the White Moon Tower, there was a courtyard covered with dense bamboo plants. In the middle of the courtyard, there was a bamboo house.

Normally, this bamboo courtyard was not under the jurisdiction of the White Moon Tower. It just happened to be close to the White Moon Tower.

On the bamboo chair in the bamboo house, there was a haggard-looking woman.

“Yan’er…”

The woman’s dirty and dry lips muttered softly.

Her precious daughter had disappeared.

Her name was Lin Qingping, and she was Zhao Yuyan’s mother.

Seven days ago, Lin Qingping was seriously ill and bedridden. Zhao Yuyan had clumsily used some spiritual herbs to brew some medicinal soup for her.

The method of brewing the soup was something that Zhao Yuyan learned from her father’s handwritten notes. Although it was not as effective as pills, as long as there was hope, she would not give up.

Lin Qingping knew that the soup would not have any effect on her, but in order to make Zhao Yuyan feel at ease, she still drank it.

The Demon Devourer Body was too overbearing, and had already swallowed a lot of Lin Qingping’s life force, causing her body to be extremely weak.

Normally, even cultivators who were close to Zhao Yuyan would not have such a weak body.

However, because the Demon Devourer body had already awakened when Lin Qingping was pregnant with Zhao Yuyan, it started draining her life force early on.

After drinking the medicine, Lin Qingping sat cross-legged as usual, using her cultivation to gradually suppress her injuries.

According to her usual habits, in order not to disturb her mother, Zhao Yuyan would choose to run to the nearby bamboo forest to play alone.

However, what made Lin Qingping’s worried was that, after she finished her cultivation, there was no trace of Zhao Yuyan in the courtyard!

There was a stone table in front of the bamboo house. There were fruits all over the table. These were fruits that Zhao Yuyan had picked from the mountain.

Although Lin Qingping had already reached the level where she could fast, Zhao Yuyan was still worried that her mother would be hungry.

After Zhao Yuyan left, she left a note on the stone table. There was a line of crooked words written on it.

It indicated that she was going to the mountains to pick herbs and not to worry.

She would definitely return with spiritual herbs in a few days.

Compared to those spiritual herbs, Lin Qingping was undoubtedly more worried about Zhao Yuyan’s safety.

This little girl was not even ten years old, so what kind of herbs would she even recognize? Furthermore, she was so weak. Even if she really encountered those top-tier spiritual herbs, how could she have the strength to pick them?

In order to prevent any accidents from happening to Zhao Yuyan, Lin Qingping dragged her heavily injured body and hurriedly searched the surroundings for traces of her daughter.

However, even after she searched the entire White Moon Tower, she did not find any traces of Zhao Yuyan.

Lin Qingping was completely flustered. She hurriedly asked the cultivators of the White Moon Tower to see if they had seen her daughter around.

However, everyone avoided Zhao Yuyan, so how could they care about the latter’s whereabouts? Even if someone really saw Zhao Yuyan’s whereabouts, they would never tell Lin Qingping.

After all, in their eyes, a jinx like her who would only bring bad luck to others should die early.

Moreover, when Zhao Yuyan left, she did not tell anyone about her whereabouts.

Hence, other than those fellow disciples who had met Zhao Yuyan in the mystic realm, no one knew where Zhao Yuyan was.

Lin Qingping panicked.

She even suspected that a cultivator from the White Moon Tower had injured her precious daughter and caused a commotion.

Were it not for a powerful elder from the White Moon Tower protecting Lin Qingping and her daughter, the two of them would have been expelled.

After that, Lin Qingping calmed down a little.

The cultivators of the White Moon Tower would probably not attack Zhao Yuyan. After all, they were all avoiding Zhao Yuyan as they were afraid that they would be affected by her bad luck.

Then, Lin Qingping continued to search for traces of Zhao Yuyan.

However, seven days passed and there was still no news about Zhao Yuyan. Lin Qingping’s body was almost exhausted, but even so, she did not give up hope.

Lin Qingping dragged her heavily injured body back to the bamboo house. She lay on the bamboo chair with a face full of despair. Her eyelids were constantly heavy, and her vision was gradually darkening.

Just as her eyes were about to close, she vaguely seemed to see that her precious daughter had returned.