Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 21: Intense Bidding

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Although the soul returning pill was not the best third-grade medicinal pill, it was not something that an ordinary core formation realm cultivator could afford.

The most crucial thing was that after a cultivator broke through to the true essence state, they would have the possibility of becoming an alchemist.

Of course, there were also many cultivators who tried to refine medicinal pills in the qi transformation state, but all of them encountered a fatal shortcoming.

The qi or spiritual power in their dantians was not enough to support the refining process of top-grade pills.

Because of this, the pills refined by cultivators below the true essence realm would not reach the top-grade. They could not fully refine the essence of the medicinal materials used at all.

Only those who had stepped into the true essence realm or higher had enough spiritual power to refine the medicinal materials perfectly and turn them into a top-grade pill.

In other words, the strength of an existence that could refine a top-grade medicinal pill was definitely no lower than the core formation state.

Moreover, the cultivators of the Great Qian dynasty were extremely familiar with the name of the Alchemist Master Lin Song.

Due to the Alchemist’s revered status, Lin Song enjoyed extremely favorable treatment among the various large factions.

Lin Song’s alchemy skills were incomparably exquisite. Any medicinal pill that he refined had a guaranteed quality.

If not for the fact that Ye Xuan’s internal injuries had been too severe back then, he would have been able to treat his internal injuries just by relying on the recovery pill.

However, his injuries were too severe. His meridians had almost been completely severed, and even his internal organs were extremely damaged. Aside from that, he had also been poisoned.

......

“Sister, I didn’t expect the auction house to really have a recovery pill. We can save dad!”

At this moment, a young man garbed in green inside the auction house spoke to a slightly mature-looking lady beside him.

There was also an old man similarly dressed in green standing in front of these two people.

Unlike the wild joy evident on the young man’s face, the elder sister’s brows were tightly knitted together.

“Silly brother, this auction is not simple!”

“That’s right. I’m afraid we might not be able to obtain this soul-returning pill!” The green-clothed elder said slowly.

“Why is this so?” The youth had a puzzled expression on his face when he heard their words.

“Take a proper look at the situation!” The elder said once again. At the same time, he sighed in his heart.

He had not expected that this auction would attract the attention of so many factions. It seemed that it would be extremely difficult to heal the clan lord’s injuries.

The three of them were not from Jiaohei city, but from Jiangqing city, which was close to 500 kilometers away from Jiaohei. Their identities were not simple either. They were members of the strongest family in Jiangqing city, the Li family.

The elder sister’s name was Li Qingyan, and the younger brother’s name was Li Chen. The two of them were direct descendants of the Li family, and also possessed the bloodline of the clan lord!

The person who came with them this time was the second elder of the Li family.

The reason why they attended this auction was because the soul-returning pill had appeared in this auction.

Almost a month ago, the head of the Li family had gone deep into the dangerous mountains to hunt down demonic beasts. Although he eventually killed the demonic beasts, on the way back, he was ambushed by his enemies.

However, the strength of the head of the Li family was not to be underestimated. Even though he was seriously injured, he killed all his enemies. The dantian in his body had been damaged, which seriously affected his cultivation foundation.

After suffering such a serious injury, it would take him at least several years to recover. Most importantly, even if the injuries could be healed, because of his damaged cultivation foundation, his future as a cultivator was likely to stagnate.

His cultivation state might even drop because of this.

Due to this, the Li family had spent a lot on healing items. Unfortunately, none of these had worked to rectify the damage to the clan lord’s dantian.

If the head of the Li family’s internal injuries could not be treated, then the enemies that the Li family had previously offended would definitely look for an opportunity to make a move. At that time, the only thing waiting for the Li family would be a disaster.

Just when everyone was about to despair, they suddenly learned that a large-scale auction was about to be held in Jiaohei city. Moreover, they discovered that there was a healing recovery pill, the soul-returning pill, listed for auction.

After learning this news, the second elder quickly rushed over with Li Qingyan and Li Chen.

However, when they arrived at the auction house, they realized that the competition for the soul-returning pill in the auction house would be intense.

From the looks of it, many factions had already set their sights on the soul-returning pill.

“I bid 30 million.”

The first person to bid was the vice-commander of the Shadow Tower, Lin You.

When everyone saw this, their hands that were originally planning to bid suddenly stopped, and their expressions turned a little ugly.

They had not expected the Shadow Tower to actually take a fancy to the soul-returning pill. This was going to be troublesome.

“I bid 35 million.”

At this moment, Feng Yitai’s voice slowly sounded.

When the crowd saw this, their expressions changed once more. How the hell were they going to snatch it now? Two existences with such great strength had their eyes set on the soul-returning pill. These giants were not an existence that they could contend against!

It was one thing for them to bid for the Violet Orchid earlier, but no one had expected them to have their eyes set on the soul-returning pill as well. Moreover, both of them looked determined to obtain it!

Most importantly, Feng Yitai’s manner of doing things was extremely overbearing. During the auction, that terrifying pressure once again spread out. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Although that pressure did not directly attack anyone, the threat it implied was self-evident!

The cultivators who originally wanted to bid for the soul-returning pill hesitated, but did not dare to speak out in anger.

The Evil Blood sect’s strength was too terrifying. If they offended Feng Yitai because of a soul-returning pill, although the other party would not make a move in the auction house, no one could guarantee that he would not once they were outside.

Thinking this, the cultivators who originally desired the soul-returning pill gave up with a face full of unwillingness.

When Feng Yitai saw this scene, he revealed a satisfied expression.

With this, his only opponent would be Lin You.

“I bid 36 million.”

However, at this moment, a pleasant voice suddenly spoke up in the auction hall.

When Feng Yitai saw this, his eyes turned cold. Killing intent flashed across his eyes. Did this person not understand the implied meaning he had previously expressed? There was actually someone who did not give face to the Evil Blood sect. This person was really courting death!

When the crowd saw this, they could not help but reveal curious expressions. They looked towards the source of the voice.

When they did, they caught sight of a young girl.

The young girl who was bidding for the soul-returning pill was precisely Li Qingyan from Jiangqing city’s Li Family!

After sensing that she had drawn the attention of the crowd, Li Qingyan could not help but grab the corner of her clothes with her small hands. Her face gradually turned pale.

She had long heard of the terrifying reputation of the Evil Blood sect, so she naturally knew that this force was extremely powerful and was not to be trifled with. Most importantly, the most powerful existence of the Evil Blood sect had broken through to the early stages of the empty core stage!

The Evil Blood sect was simply not a force that the Li family could afford to offend.

However, Li Qingyan was also unwilling to give up. If she missed this opportunity, she was afraid that it would be difficult for her to encounter another soul-returning pill in the future.

Her father’s injury was so severe that treatment could not be delayed any longer. Otherwise, those who coveted the Li family’s assets might not be able to hold themselves back anymore!

Moreover, the clan lord was the strongest person in the Li family. If they lost his combat strength, the Li family would not be able to resist the invasion of the other forces.

If conflict really broke out, then the Li family would face an unprecedented disaster. Moreover, there was a high possibility that they would be destroyed by the other forces!