Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 251: Bounty (Part 1)

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

This matter caused an uproar in the Nanzhou Region.

Ye Xuan had obtained the Tower of Heaven!

Everyone had mixed feelings about this. On one hand, it was an amazing feat, but on the other hand, this also meant that they would not be able to challenge the Tower of Heaven’s trials in the Moon Demon mystic realm in the future.

However, what they did not know was that the next time the Moon Demon mystic realm reappeared, it would be in the Yunqing Region instead.

Still, one thing was clear, the fact that Ye Xuan had been forced to expose the Tower of Heaven meant that he was in danger.

They then discovered that Ye Xuan was actually being pursued by Guang Liang, Qian Daoliu, and Zhu Tuyuan, three terrifying pattern condensation realm experts.

After receiving this news, the Nanzhou Region was in an uproar again.

Many cultivators knew that these three forces would definitely seek out Ye Xuan for revenge.

However, what they did not expect was that the three forces would actually mobilize their strongest experts for this task.

However, just as everyone was trying to guess how long Ye Xuan would be able to survive, a month later, Zhu Tuyuan’s soul jade token shattered!

The same chaos and panic that had gripped the Yunjin Temple now befell the Nether God sect.

The sect master had fallen?

Had he not just broken through?

What was going on?

They felt as if the sky had collapsed.

Their panic soon gave way to fear, and the elders quickly contacted the cultivators from the Blood Moon Temple.

In a short while, they received a piece of shocking news.

Qian Daoliu’s soul jade token had also shattered!

By now, the cultivators from all three forces were in full panic mode. Many were fleeing for their lives.

Ye Xuan!

This was definitely Ye Xuan’s doing! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Although they did not know how he did it, he was the only possible culprit.

The monks from the Yunjin Temple made a decisive choice.

Escape!

They would not wait for death!

Similar scenes were playing out in the Blood Moon Temple and the Nether God sect.

The loss of their strongest experts was a death sentence.

Even if Ye Xuan did not come after them, they would be swallowed by other forces.

The Blood Moon Temple’s master even emptied the sect’s treasure vault before running away.

Many opportunistic cultivators fought over the treasures stored in these sects.

A day later, Ye Xuan reached the Nether God sect’s headquarters. His appearance here confirmed that he was the one behind their deaths.

By the time he arrived, the sect’s cultivators had basically all run away, leaving behind only the most loyal.

However, Ye Xuan would not show any mercy. He would pull up the roots and destroy them entirely.

All it took was a few sword strikes.

Then, he repeated the process at the Blood Moon Temple and the Yunjin Temple.

Ye Xuan knew very well that, with his current strength, it was absolutely impossible for him to kill every single one of them. If he had comprehended karma intent, he would have been able to track them down, but that was impossible for the time being.

Therefore, Ye Xuan chose to issue a reward in the Nanzhou Region.

Ye Xuan stretched out his hand and pointed. Thousands of lightning bolts fell from the sky, and his voice reverberated across every corner of the Nanzhou Region, accompanied by the sound of rumbling thunder.

Anyone who could provide him with information about the cultivators from the Nether God sect, Blood Moon Temple, and the Yungjin Temple would be given a wisp imbued with one of his martial intents if the information was found to be true..

Of course, the wisp itself did not guarantee that they would be able to comprehend the martial intent, but it was an excellent reference material.

Immediately, Ye Xuan also revealed the martial intents that he had comprehended.

Among them were the heavenly lightning, axe, spatial, fire, etc, intents.

When everyone learned that Ye Xuan had comprehended such a wide variety of martial intents, they were all excited. This was a golden opportunity for them.

It was no wonder Ye Xuan had managed to kill those three pattern condensation realm experts!