Chapter 252: Bounty (Part 2)

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The wisp of Ye Xuan’s martial intents was so diverse, and it made countless cultivators drool. All they had to do was provide information that led to the discovery and capture of the cultivators from those three major forces.

Of course, they would only obtain the reward once Ye Xuan killed those stragglers.

This was a rare opportunity!

In an instant, a terrifying storm was set off in the Nanzhou Region, as numerous cultivators got to work. In any case, the three forces all had plenty of enemies, especially the Blood Moon Temple and the Nether God sect.

Even without Ye Xuan’s bounty, many cultivators would still choose to hit them while they were down.

… Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Soon, a cultivator provided Ye Xuan with information on the whereabouts of an elder of the Nether God sect.

Ye Xuan had comprehended spatial intent, so no one could escape his grasp once found.

After Ye Xuan killed the elder, he also fulfilled his promise.

After the first person received the reward, the other cultivators were even more excited.

Even powerful forces like the Gongsun family also participated.

In addition, the Myriad Swords Hall and the Divine Gate sent secret missives instructing their disciples to participate.

For a time, this craze swept through the entire Nanzhou Region, and eventually, the elders of those three forces were all hunted down.

After three days, the only ones remaining were the master of the Blood Moon Temple, and the Great Elder of the Nether God sect.

In order to save time, Ye Xuan increased the reward.

Anyone who could provide information on the whereabouts of these two would also receive an opportunity to get Ye Xuan to intervene once.

All of the cultivators in the Nanzhou Region went crazy!

Even the leaders of various forces personally acted, including a certain middle-aged man carrying an ancient sword on his back.

As someone who had witnessed Ye Xuan’s strength, Zhao Yuzhen naturally knew how great of an opportunity this was, and how much benefit it would bring to the Myriad Swords Hall.

This was the most generous reward he had ever seen!

Ye Xuan’s potential was beyond doubt. He was the most monstrous cultivator he had ever seen. As such, with time, the value of this reward would appreciate as Ye Xuan grew stronger.

He was not the only one who could see this. Many old monsters who were in secluded cultivation were also roused by this reward. When they learned of Ye Xuan’s deeds, they immediately turned into streaks of light and joined the hunt without hesitation.

Nanzhou Region, Qiyun Empire, in a bustling county city.

“Sister, Ye Xuan’s reward is so generous. Do you think the master of the Blood Moon Temple and the Great Elder of the Nether God sect will try to fight each other?”

Gongsun Yao and Gongsun Wan were sitting in a pavilion.

The two sisters were also attracted by Ye Xuan’s bounty.

“Probably not. They have no way of claiming it anyway,” Gongsun Yao said after thinking for a moment.