Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 256: The Reincarnation Of The Empress Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation  Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

While Ye Xuan was rushing back to the Qingyun sect, the master of the Blood Moon Temple was also rushing to the Luoyun Region.

Jun Lingtian also left the Divine Gate and headed for the Yunqing Region.

He had to investigate Qian Daoliu’s identity and make the necessary preparations to deal with a possible revenge attempt.

After more than ten days, Jun Lingtian finally arrived at the Yunqing Region, which was one of the more powerful regions in the Huangyu Zone. It was also home to the Divine Gate Holy Land, which was the super force that oversaw the entire region.

During this period of time, the Yunqing Region was also quite lively. The reason was that the Moon Demon mystic realm had opened in the Yunqing Region.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

After Ye Xuan took away the Tower of Heaven, the Moon Demon mystic realm once again entered the spatial turbulence and arrived at the Yunqing Region.

Soon, the entrance to the mystic realm would appear.

For the cultivators of the Yunqing Region, this was a great opportunity, so countless cultivators gathered at the entrance of the mystic realm.

There were many who came from nearby regions as well.

Although the Yunqing Region was under the control of the Divine Gate Holy Land, they allowed everyone free access to the mystic realm.

This was the usual practice of the Divine Gate Holy Land, so the cultivators from the other regions did not think too much about it. Many cultivators rushed over for one reason, which was to try to rank on the Tower of Heaven’s two ranking lists.

In front of one of the entrances to the mystic realm, there was an extremely interesting scene.

This entrance was in a vast grassland, and there were countless cultivators around the entrance.

However, the strange thing was that there was a giant empty space in the middle of the crowd, in which there was a beautiful woman in white with a longsword on her back.

The identity of this woman was special.

She was from the Miaoling Region, and she was the master of Luo Heaven Palace, Shangguan Wan’er!

In terms of cultivation talent, she was the strongest in the Miaoling Region!

By right, she should not have bothered with the Moon Demon mystic realm.

Still, she was here.

Shangguan Wan’er stood there with an indifferent gaze, keeping everyone at a distance.

Although she was as beautiful as a fairy, she was also extremely powerful!

Furthermore, she had killed countless cultivators when she established the Luo Heaven Palace.

As such, no cultivator dared to provoke her. In fact, they did not even dare to glance in her direction for more than a few seconds.

There was once a cultivator who had stared lasciviously at Shangguan Wan’er. That cultivator was now dead.

At that time, the Luo Heaven Palace had not yet been established, and that cultivator was a personal disciple from a super force in the Miaoling Region.

When Shangguan Wan’er had killed the cultivator, it naturally aroused the ire of the super force.

However, what shocked everyone was that all of the top experts dispatched to kill her had all died.

Not only that, later on, Shangguan Wan’er destroyed the entire super force with her own power.

It was from that day on that Shangguan Wan’er’s reputation resounded throughout the Miaoling Region!

After that, many geniuses fancied their chances with her, and started pursuing her.

However, without exception, they were all rejected.

There were even some of them who tried to show off in front of her relying on their cultivation and martial techniques.

However, not only did they not attract her attention, but they were beaten up as well, and some who went too far were even killed.

Shangguan Wan’s reputation for ruthlessness accompanied her reputation for beauty.

This was why this strange scene in front of the entrance to the mystic realm had appeared.

Shangguan Wan’er had long become used to this. Not only was she not bothered by it, but she also enjoyed the silence.

Shangguan Wan’er’s purpose for coming here was also very simple. She just wanted to see the Tower of Heaven in the mystic realm.

in the entire mystic realm, only two things attracted her.

One was the Heavenly Lightning Pool, and the other was the Tower of Heaven.

Previously, Shangguan Wan’er had not been too interested, but as the memories in her body gradually awakened, her interest in the Tower of Heaven was piqued.

Shangguan Wan’er was not a peerless genius, but rather the reincarnation of an ancient great empress!

It was a pity that Shangguan Wan’er’s current strength was limited, so not all of her memories of her previous life were awakened, and she did not know who she was.