Chapter 258: Traces Of The Master Of The Blood Moon Temple

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Of course, it was not a prerequisite for pattern condensation realm experts to engrave nine or more profound patterns in order to break through.

As long as a pattern condensation realm expert could engrave a profound pattern into his or her body, that cultivator would be able to trigger lightning tribulation.

After surviving the tribulation, that cultivator would step into the lightning tribulation realm, which was divided into three realms…

Heaven, earth, and human!

Since ancient times, countless peerless geniuses had either died to the three lightning tribulations that separated each realm.

The success rate of transcending the lightning tribulation was closely related to the foundation that the cultivator established during the pattern condensation realm.

In other words, the more profound patterns a cultivator engraved on their bodies in the pattern condensation realm, the higher their chances of passing the three lightning tribulations of heaven, earth, and human.

Shangguan Wan’er only had one goal, and that was to reach the great circle of the pattern condensation realm, which meant that she had to engrave ten profound patterns into her body.

In order to do so, she had to comprehend ten powerful martial intents, and each one had to have reached the sixth level.

As such, the comprehension of martial intents was of utmost importance to her.

As an ancient great empress who had ruled over countless cultivators in her previous life, Shangguan Wan’er had naturally reached the great circle of the pattern condensation realm in her previous life. However, this was not the final form of the great circle of the condensed pattern realm.

After all, profound patterns engraved with ordinary martial intents were nowhere as strong as those engraved with supreme intents.

She naturally knew that the difficulty was extremely high. Otherwise, she would not have chosen to reincarnate and cultivate again.

According to the memories of his previous life, there was a high possibility that the Tower of Heaven contained spatial intent, which was why she had chosen to enter the Moon Demon mystic realm.

However, it was a pity that it had already been taken away.

She wondered who had managed to achieve such a feat.

Was it a powerful cultivator, or a peerless genius?

Time passed by slowly. Eventually, the cultivators who were standing about and discussing things with each other in the War God Hall were teleported out.

At the same time, the news of the disappearance of the Tower of Heaven spread throughout the entire Yunqing Region.

Shangguan Wan’er did not stay for long and headed straight for the Luoyun Region.

According to her memories, the Luoyun Region also contained a rare opportunity in the form of a mystic realm called the lightning tribulation mystic realm.

Although this mystic realm was considerably smaller than the Moon Demon mystic realm it had a unique advantage, and that was that it was naturally created from the natural laws of the world.

This was in contrast to the Moon Demon mystic realm, which was created using various magic treasures from some super holy land.

As such, the heavenly treasures in the lightning tribulation mystic realm were extremely rare.

It also contained the supreme intent of heavenly lightning, and was a great place for cultivators to try to comprehend this legendary intent.

Now that Shangguan Wan’er had already comprehended the embryonic form of heavenly lightning intent at the Heavenly Lightning Pool, she wanted to see if she could strike while the iron was hot and comprehend the complete form of the heavenly lightning intent.

However, the lightning tribulation mystic realm had not yet opened, so there were not many cultivators around the mystic realm.

Luckily, with Shangguan Wan’er’s current strength, she could enter by tearing space apart.

Shangguan Wan’er had been to the lightning tribulation mystic realm before, so she knew that it was located on the periphery of the spatial turbulence. As long as she tore space apart within its approximate range, she could easily find the mystic realm’s location.

Luoyun Region, Starfall mountain range.

A haggard-looking old man in a tattered red robe appeared through a spatial crack.

“I’m finally almost there!”

The old man looked at the endless mountain range in front of him, and his eyes brightened.

According to Qian Daoliu’s information, there was a special location in the Starfall mountain range.

This person was none other than the master of the Blood Moon Temple.

After fleeing frantically for half a month, he finally arrived at the designated location Qian Daoliu had given him.

Buzzzzzz!

He landed on the ground and flew off toward a mountain peak with a cautious gaze.

In the entire Blood Moon Temple, he was the only one aware that Qian Daoliu was a clone of someone else.

It was precisely because of this that he was rather wary of Qian Daoliu.

After that, Qian Daoliu had given him a few hints, saying that as long as he went to these places, he would be able to obtain a great opportunity and reach the pattern condensation realm.

Even though he knew that the other party might have ill intentions, he was still rather tempted.

He had been stuck at the tenth level of the unity realm for several hundred years and there were no signs of him advancing.

However, due to his wariness, he could only suppress the impulse in his heart and avoid those places.

However, Qian Daoliu had been killed, and the Blood Moon Temple had been eradicated.

He was out of options. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As he gradually approached the mountain peak, the trees that were originally scattered around the mountain suddenly disappeared, and the layout of his surroundings also underwent many changes.

“Is there an illusion formation here?”

He narrowed his eyes.

He was quite accomplished in the Dao of formations, and a mere illusion formation could not trap him.

As he gradually approached the inner part of the mountain, a wide cave suddenly appeared in his field of vision.

The cave was extremely dark.

Of course, mere darkness was not a problem for a tenth-level unity realm expert.

However, just in case, he examined it carefully. After ensuring that there was nothing unusual, he heaved a sigh of relief.