Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 261: Attributes Increased

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In addition to the karmic threads of Yue and the others, Ye Xuan had also noticed that there seemed to be several karmic threads connected to him from distant places beyond the Nanzhou Region.

Not only that, but Ye Xuan also sensed some danger from these karmic threads. One of these was likely to originate from the main body of Qian Daoliu.

Another had belonged to the master of the Blood Moon Temple, which was the one that had been suddenly severed.

This was how Ye Xuan had sensed the other party’s death.

“Who did this?”

“Could it be the beautiful figure in the fog?”

Ye Xuan muttered to himself.

Even after he exhausted the power of karma in his body, all he had managed to make out was that beautiful figure in the fog, and that his fate would be intertwined with that person in the future.

“It seems that it’s time to set off,” Ye Xuan said after thinking for a moment.

Through the power of karma, he had sensed that the beautiful figure represented an opportunity for him.

Of course, he was not in a hurry.

This time, not only did he refine the Paramita flower, but he also refined other heavenly treasures that could enhance his comprehension value.

In addition, the state of epiphany he was in had still not ended, so he had to focus on comprehending the Heavenly Soul Nine Revolutions technique.

Meanwhile, Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan were also cultivating diligently, and their control over their strength had improved significantly.

Under Ye Xuan’s guidance, Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan cultivated their spiritual sense tempering techniques for a few days and finally gained perfect control over their own strength.

After that, Ye Xuan helped them refine spiritual items that could increase their innate bone value and comprehension value.

As Yue’s comprehension value was the lowest, Ye Xuan put her at the tail end of the refining process so that she would gain more from the system rewards he obtained from the other two disciples.

Hence, among the three of them, Yue’s innate bone value and comprehension value had the greatest increase, followed by Li Qingyan and Zhao Yuyan.

Zhao Yuyan already had extremely high comprehension and innate bone value, so it was difficult for her to improve in these two areas.

A heavenly treasure might be able to increase Yue’s comprehension value by a dozen points, but only a few points for Zhao Yuyan.

Of course, Ye Xuan also benefited from this. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After all that, their innate bone value and comprehension value had undergone significant changes.

Li Qingyan

[Comprehension value: 339]

[Innate bone value: 379]

Yue

[Comprehension value: 299]

[Innate bone value: 361]

Ye Xuan

[Comprehension value: 709]

[Innate bone value: 708]

Zhao Yuyan

[Comprehension value: 612]

[Innate bone value: 639]

…

Ye Xuan’s comprehension value and innate bone value had exceeded 700 points, after which he discovered a key point.

When both of his attributes exceeded 700 points, the points calculation changed again. Now, any gain in comprehension value or innate bone value would first be divided by five.

So when Li Qingyan’s comprehension value increased by 10 points, he received a 4x critical reward. However, instead of increasing by 40 points, Ye Xuan only received 8 points.

After doing all this, Ye Xuan performed spiritual power infusion on Yue and the others.

Moments later, Ye Xuan’s cultivation received a huge boost. Although he did not break through to the pattern condensation realm, his current strength was no weaker than one.

Furthermore, in order to reach the pattern condensation realm, the most crucial requirement was to comprehend the profound patterns of the natural laws of the world.

Only by engraving these profound patterns into one’s body could a cultivator break through. The profound patterns would grant the cultivator powers based on the characteristics of those patterns.

For example, the blood giant that Qian Daoliu had previously transformed into.

In addition, cultivators could also use the power of the natural laws of the world to temper their bodies after engraving the profound patterns.

It was precisely because of this that the strength of a pattern condensation realm cultivator far exceeded that of a unity realm cultivator.

Ye Xuan had only managed to bridge this gap through the fusion of martial intents, which was impossible for ordinary tenth-level unity realm experts.

After all, there were two crucial conditions to fuse martial intents, which were the strength of one’s spiritual sense, as well as sufficient comprehension value.

Among the pattern condensation realm cultivators, even being able to fuse two martial intents was considered a difficult feat.

This was why Qian Daoliu had been so shocked to see a quadruple intent fusion. Moreover, one of those fused intents was a supreme intent.

After the spiritual power infusion, Ye Xuan was as strong as a two-pattern condensation realm expert.

In any case, Ye Xuan had eighth-level sword intent, so he could engrave a profound pattern based on sword intent on his body at any time.