Chapter 262: Ye Xuan’s Ambition

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

However, Ye Xuan restrained himself.

He had the cheat-like system, so engraving a profound pattern based on his sword intent was a waste.

There probably had been many legendary experts in the past who had reached the great circle of the pattern condensation realm and engraved ten profound patterns on their bodies.

However, had anyone done so with supreme intents?

Could he reach the great circle of the pattern condensation realm by only engraving profound patterns based on supreme intents on his body?

Normally, once a pattern condensation realm cultivator had five profound patterns engraved on their body, they would be able to break through to the lightning tribulation realm.

However, the majority of them were not willing to stop at five profound patterns. Any expert who could reach the pattern condensation realm was not an ordinary person. They all had their own ambitions and would naturally want to reach the great circle of the pattern condensation realm.

However, due to the nature of their talent, not many cultivators could achieve that feat.

Those who could engrave six profound patterns were called geniuses, those who could engrave seven were called peerless, and those who could engrave eight were called monsters.

As for nine, that was basically the publicly known limit for cultivators.

It was said that only those with the potential to be emperors and empresses would be able to engrave ten profound patterns.

Once a cultivator had engraved ten profound patterns, it meant that he or she had already embarked on the path of invincibility.

Ye Xuan wondered how powerful he would be if all ten of his profound patterns were derived from supreme intents.

Although it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens, it was Ye Xuan’s ambition. He had the system, so he had to try and achieve the impossible and reach the sixth level for each supreme intent.

To achieve this, Ye Xuan would need countless opportunities and resources.

Looking at the past and present, no cultivator had ever been able to do it, but this was the perfect challenge for him.

Hu!

Ye Xuan took a deep breath and cast away the distracting thoughts in his mind. Then, he began to seriously comprehend the Heavenly Soul Nine Revolutions technique.

Not far away, Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan were also cultivating.

After the spiritual power infusion, Zhao Yuyan had reached the tenth level of the true essence realm.

Yue had reached the middle-stage of the Xudan realm, and Li Qingyan had reached the late-stage of the true core realm.

After Ye Xuan killed the elders of the three major forces, he collected all their storage rings. To his surprise, he found many spiritual items that could strengthen the fire and wood-type special constitutions inside.

It was precisely because of this that Li Qingyan’s cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds. Her dual-spirit body had advanced to the major mastery stage, which also enhanced Ye Xuan’s innate dual-spirit body.

However, neither the innate dual-spirit body nor the sword overlord body could be considered a top-notch special constitution.

By the time these two special constitutions reached the perfection stage, the potential of these two special constitutions would have been squeezed dry.

Therefore, Ye Xuan was currently thinking about finding a new disciple with a strong special constitution that had not been awakened. If he awakened that disciple’s special constitution, he would obtain an even stronger one from the system.

Five days passed quickly, after which Ye Xuan ended his secluded cultivation.

Although his cultivation level had not increased, he had completely comprehended the Heavenly Soul Nine Revolutions technique.

In addition, he also comprehended the cultivation methods and martial techniques that he had obtained from the system’s rewards.

Combined with his comprehension of various martial intents, even he himself did not have a proper grasp of his current strength.

“It’s time to set off!”

Ye Xuan looked in the direction where the karmic thread between him and the master of the Blood Moon Temple had been.

He was rather curious. What would be the relationship between the beautiful figure in the fog and him?

A master-disciple relationship or…?

Before he left, Ye Xuan called YYue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan over.

He wanted to conduct an experiment. Since he would be gone for some time, this was the perfect time to do it.

According to the system’s current rules, as long as Ye Xuan participated in the process of improving his disciple’s strength, he would be able to receive a reward from the system.

Of course, there was a cooldown of 30 days for the same category of strength improvement, so this had to be excluded!

Ye Xuan had thought of ways to improve his martial intents.

The simplest and crudest way was to call his disciples over and display his martial intents to them. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The problem with this was that it would take a very long time for his disciples to comprehend his martial intents, as it required a high level of comprehension.