Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 276: More Gifts

Did this guy not need to cultivate himself?

Spiritual power infusion consumed his own cultivation!

Could it be that this guy was actually concealing his actual cultivation level?

Could he be a lightning tribulation realm expert, or even higher?

When she thought of this, she suddenly felt that it made a lot of sense.

As she continued to fill in the blanks in her mind, Shangguan Wan’er’s desire to acknowledge Ye Xuan as her teacher grew stronger, which distracted her from comprehending slaughter intent.

Becoming Ye Xuan’s disciples no longer seemed disadvantageous.

After all, the other party was the reincarnation of an ancient almighty expert, and his strength was terrifying.

He could even give her those heavenly treasures, so what was there to hesitate about?

However, her pride was her stumbling block. Given her achievements during her previous life, why would she rely on others?

However, as time slowly passed, the idea of acknowledging Ye Xuan as her teacher was gradually gaining the upper hand.

She took out and put away the jade token that Ye Xuan had given her again and again.

…

Elsewhere, Ye Xuan had already entered secluded cultivation in the cultivation room.

This time, he would be in seclusion for a long time.

As soon as he arrived at the Qingyun sect, Ye Xuan gave the heart of heavenly lightning to his disciples.

However, the heart of heavenly lightning contained extremely violent destructive energy. If one had not comprehended heavenly lightning intent, trying to refine it was akin to suicide.

Given the current cultivation levels of Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan, they simply could not resist the destructive power contained in the heart of heavenly lightning.

Therefore, Ye Xuan used his own heavenly lightning to stabilize the heart of heavenly lightning to ensure the safety of his disciples.

After giving it away to his disciples, he received the system’s rewards, which were more hearts of heavenly lightning, albeit of a higher level.

The heart of heavenly lightning had a total of nine levels, and each level contained a different level of heavenly lightning intent.

The original heart of heavenly lightning Ye Xuan obtained in the lightning tribulation mystic realm was a third-level heart of heavenly lightning.

After giving it to Zhao Yuyan, he obtained a fourth-level heart of heavenly lightning.

Following that, Ye Xuan repeated the process with Li Qingyuan and Yue, and ended up with a sixth-level heart of heavenly lightning.

After giving it away, Ye Xuan took back the heart of heavenly lightning from his disciples.

After all, this thing was extremely dangerous. Without his heavenly lightning intent, his disciples would not be able to resist the violent destructive power of the heart of heavenly lightning.

Although Yue and the others were confused by Ye Xuan’s actions, they did not question him.

After all, in their eyes, everything their teacher did was right.

I wonder if the system will give me more rewards if I keep the hearts of heavenly lightning and give it to them again a month from now.

An idea came to Ye Xuan’s mind.

Of course, he also felt that it was somewhat unrealistic. After all, how could the system allow such a low-level bug?

Moreover, he was unable to verify it at the moment. Changing his focus, he tore space apart and took out the Tower of Heaven from the space turbulence. He slowly refined the heart of heavenly lightning.

As for whether the bug worked, he would run an experiment in the future.

The process of refining the heart of heavenly lightning took a long time, and it could not be stopped halfway, though one’s comprehension value reduced the time taken to a certain extent.

Otherwise, the power of heavenly lightning within the heart of heavenly lightning would dissipate instantly, and would completely go to waste.

The reason why Ye Xuan took out the Tower of Heaven was to avoid any interference from the outside world.

Therefore, even if Shangguan Wan’er crushed the jade token, Ye Xuan would not respond.

However, this was also good. That woman was very arrogant, so it would be good to give her the cold shoulder for a while.

She would probably stomp her feet in anger if that happened.

At the thought of this, Ye Xuan’s mouth couldn’t help but curve up.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

In the vast space of the Tower of Heaven, the sky raged with endless heavenly lightning bolts, below which Ye Xuan sat cross-legged, using the lightning bolts to temper his body as he refined the heart of heavenly lightning.

The higher the level of the heart of heavenly lightning, the more difficult it would be to refine. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

If Ye Xuan had chosen to refine the third-level heart of heavenly lightning, it would naturally not have been so difficult.

However, Ye Xuan would never make such a choice.

As long as he refined the sixth-level heart of heavenly lightning, his heavenly lightning intent would reach the sixth level, and he would be able to use it to engrave the profound pattern of heavenly lightning on his body.

During this long refining process, Ye Xuan’s comprehension of heavenly lightning intent soared.

Apart from that, the lightning bolts continuously tempered his physical body, transforming it and making it stronger than even some pattern condensation realm experts.

Time slowly passed, and many things happened on the Tianyuan continent.

The Tianyuan continent was divided into the five territories, which were eastern, western, southern, northern, and central.

The Southern Territory was vast and contained nearly 200 zones.

The Huangyu Zone was one of them, located in the southwest of the Southern Territory!

At the extreme end of the southwest, there was a vast stormy sea.

This stormy sea did not belong to the human race’s territory, and there were countless demonic beasts living within it.

However, because they lived in the sea, these demonic beasts were known as the sea race.

During this period of time, the stormy sea was in turmoil. The sea race had attacked the human race frantically and had already caused many casualties.

The Tianze Zone was adjacent to the Huangyu Zone and was a coastal area.

Under the sea race’s attack, many cultivators from many regions in the Tianze Zone died, and many human cities and empires were conquered.