Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 286: King Realm Jade Token

After doing all this, Ye Xuan activated the attribute panels for himself, Yue, and the others.

Ye Xuan

[Comprehension value: 749]

[Innate bone value: 728]

!!

Yue

[Comprehension value: 354]

[Innate bone value: 387]

Li Qingyan

[Comprehension value: 369]

[Innate bone value: 394]

Zhao Yuyan

[Comprehension value: 622]

[Innate bone value: 649]

Yue and Li Qingyan’s attributes were much lower than Zhao Yuyan’s. It seemed that he would have to allocate more resources to these two girls in the future.

After that, Ye Xuan finished up the spiritual power infusion.

Buzzzzzz!

Moments later, Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan’s strength increased greatly.

In an instant, powerful spiritual pressure suddenly swept out and engulfed the Qingyun sect.

When Wan Shanhai and the other elders sensed it, they were speechless. However, their hearts were filled with envy.

They knew that Ye Xuan had performed spiritual power infusion again.

Ye Xuan had also left a lot of cultivation resources for the Qingyun sect, which had resulted in the overall strength of the sect increasing significantly.

Still, it could not be compared to his disciples!

Yue had reached the early-stage of the true core realm. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Li Qingyan, the early-stage of the golden core realm.

Zhao Yuyan, the ninth level of the purple spirit realm.

At the same time, thanks to the system’s rewards, Ye Xuan also obtained a large cultivation boost, especially from Zhao Yuyan, from whom he received a 1,000x critical reward.

That being said, Ye Xuan remained a one-pattern condensation realm expert. However, in terms of physical strength, he was already comparable to a six-pattern condensation realm expert.

Pattern condensation realm experts were categorized by the number of profound patterns they had engraved into their bodies. As such, even though Ye Xuan received a cultivation boost, he did not advance to the next level. Rather, he received the baptism of the power of the natural laws again.

Fortunately, Ye Xuan had cultivated a spiritual sense tempering technique, otherwise he would have had trouble controlling his strength.

‘I wonder how strong the lightning tribulation realm experts are,’ Ye Xuan thought to himself.

The lightning tribulation realm was an extremely difficult cultivation realm, as they would have to undergo the tribulations in order to break through.

If one could survive the lightning tribulations, one would be able to control the natural laws and become a King realm expert, which was named as such due to the fact that they ruled over their surroundings.

However, if they failed, then only death awaited them.

In line with that, the pattern condensation realm was very important. The more profound patterns that one engraved into one’s body, the higher their chances of transcending the lightning tribulations.

Although cultivators only needed to engrave five profound patterns into their bodies to reach the lightning tribulation realm, doing so was extremely risky.

Furthermore, even if they were lucky enough to survive the lightning tribulations, they would only be the weakest King realm experts.

Ye Xuan was different from the others. He wanted to pursue the great circle of the pattern condensation realm and become an invincible king realm expert.

In the ancient era, there was a saying that if one was able to engrave ten profound patterns at the pattern formation realm, one would be considered to have the potential of a great emperor.

However, what if one engraved ten supreme profound patterns?

This was an invincible path that no one had ever walked before, even those ancient almighty experts did not attempt it, even with reincarnation.

Without mastery of reincarnation intent, reincarnated beings would only regain their memories fully when they reached the lightning tribulation realm, by which time they would have missed that opportunity.

“This is an unrivaled path that no one else can achieve for all eternity. No matter how difficult it is, I will persevere,” Ye Xuan said to himself.

However, even with the system’s aid, he needed time to grow.

To do that, he needed life-saving trump cards. The jade token that Jun Lingtian had brought was one such trump card.

After reaching the king realm, one no longer needed to separate attributes when creating jade tokens. These comprehensive jade tokens combined attack, speed and defense.

As long as the jade token was crushed, it would condense a phantom image of the king realm expert that could erupt with 80% of their strength for a short time.

“Yan ‘er, this is the trump card I’m going to give you. If you encounter a difficult situation, you can crush it!”

After that, Ye Xuan gave the jade token to Zhao Yuyan.

“Many thanks, Teacher!”

Zhao Yuyan smiled happily.

To her, the happiest thing in the world was receiving a gift from her teacher.

“Ding! As the host has given his disciple a jade token (middle-stage King realm), the host has received a randomized 7x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained a jade token (advanced-stage King realm)!”

As soon as he finished speaking, another jade token appeared in Ye Xuan’s storage space.

Then, Ye Xuan did the same thing to Yue and Li Qingyan.

“Ding! As the host has given his disciple a jade token (advanced-stage King realm), the host has received a randomized 10x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained a jade token (early-stage Heavenly King realm)!”

“Ding! As the host has given his disciple a jade token (early-stage Heavenly King realm), the host has received a randomized 23x critical reward.Congratulations! The host has obtained a jade token (advanced-stage Heavenly King realm)!”

Looking at the jade token in his storage space, Ye Xuan suddenly felt much more confident.

This was his strongest trump card.

Of course, he could also give it to Shangguan Wan’er to obtain a stronger jade token.

The most important thing was that as long as the one-month cooldown period was over, he could do it all over again.

If he really encountered a King realm expert, he could have Yue and the others crush their jade tokens first, and his jade token would be his final trump card.