Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

293 Killing A Six-Pattern Condensation Realm Expert

Inside the Tower of Heaven.

Ye Xuan’s body was engulfed by thousands of lightning bolts, tempering his physical body. However, it would still take time to stabilize his body’s condition after the sudden increase in strength.

Even though he cultivated the Heavenly Soul Nine Revolutions technique, it was a tall order to regain perfect control of his own strength.

Therefore, Ye Xuan decided to swap to a higher-grade spiritual sense tempering technique.

More than 20 days passed.

During this time, many experts appeared around the Qingyun sect, obviously targeting Ye Xuan’s Tower of Heaven.

However, these experts were all stopped by Shangguan Wan’er.

Although she dispatched most of them with relative ease, she also encountered a rather strong opponent, a six-pattern condensation realm expert who could fuse three martial intents, which were the piercing, wind and spear intents.

The battle between the two was earth-shaking. They tore space apart and fought madly inside the spatial turbulence.

In the end, Shangguan Wan’er used her quadruple intent fusion combined with the martial techniques Ye Xuan had taught her to kill the expert.

Thanks to this battle, everyone gained a new understanding of Shangguan Wan’er’s shocking strength.

Quadruple intent fusion!

Moreover, each one had reached the seventh level!

The reason why Shangguan Wan’er had to use her trump card to kill him was because the piercing intent that he had comprehended was too terrifying when combined with spear intent.

A tremendous amount of power was focused onto the tip of the spear, which would pierce through the defenses of the target. The attack could not be blocked, only dodged.

This was difficult given the fact that this expert had also comprehended wind intent, making him much faster.

Thankfully, the combination of her newly-comprehended martial technique and the quadruple intent fusion was sufficient to overcome and kill this expert.

After this battle, there were no more cultivators who dared to have designs on Ye Xuan’s Tower of Heaven, except those above the lightning tribulation realm, who were already being restrained by the ancestor of the Divine Gate Holy Land.

Now, everyone was trying to guess how strong she actually was.

It was common knowledge the difference in combat strength between pattern condensation realm cultivators was determined by the profound patterns engraved into their bodies.

With every additional profound pattern, the cultivator would be able to withstand an additional baptism of the power of the natural laws.

At the same time, the rarer and more powerful the profound pattern was, the greater the baptism of the power of the natural laws one would have to bear.

The baptism of the natural laws itself provided the cultivator with greater physical strength and spiritual power. While this was important, the true determinant of a pattern condensation realm cultivator’s strength was the percentage of the power of the natural laws contained within the cultivator’s profound pattern.

The profound patterns allowed the cultivator to borrow part of the power of the natural laws. The average cultivator’s profound pattern contained 20% of the power of the natural laws, while Ye Xuan’s profound pattern contained 50%.

This granted him access to more of the characteristics of the power of the natural laws. For example, while he could imbue the power of heavenly lightning into his attacks, he could also transform into a bolt of lightning!

Furthermore, there was a huge chasm between profound patterns derived from ordinary intents and those derived from supreme intents.

Without being able to fuse intents, it was basically impossible for a cultivator with a weaker martial intent to defeat a cultivator with a stronger one.

Of course, most cultivators could only fuse two intents at most. Among the opponents that Shangguan Wan’er and Ye Xuan had encountered, the strongest had only fused three intents.

Hence, the difference between the profound patterns was regarded as the difference between the combat strength of pattern condensation realm experts on the surface. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Time slowly passed, and three months went by.

Even though no one had come during this time, Ye Xuan knew that this matter would not end just like that.

There were still dozens of king realm and lightning tribulation realm experts waiting for the right opportunity to strike.

If the ancestor of the Divine Gate Holy Land became indisposed, who knew what they would get up to.

Thankfully, Ye Xuan’s power of karma would be able to warn him of such dangers. That being said, he would need to comprehend the true form of karmic intent before he could determine the exact source of the danger.

“Hmph! Just mere pattern condensation realm cultivators! What’s there to fear?”

Ye Xuan, whose body was being tempered by thousands of lightning bolts, slowly opened his eyes. His pupils flashed with a bright purple divine light, as he uttered those words indifferently.