Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

310 The Attack Of The Sea Race

However, what made the king realm experts of the Huangyu Zone wary was that this King realm expert’s aura was unfamiliar. This expert clearly was not from the Huangyu Zone, or had been in seclusion for a long time before breaking through.

The Human King realm expert was none other than Liu Chengtian’s master, Lei Wang.

A few days ago, Lei Wang had sensed Liu Chengtian’s soul jade token shatter and was instantly enraged. He immediately mobilized the power of the Lightning Divine Palace to investigate, and eventually figured out that it had something to do with Luo Heaven Palace.

Now, he had arrived in the Miaoling Region to personally investigate how Liu Chengtian had died. He had given his disciple a King realm jade token. While it only contained 60% of his power, it would take at least a mid-stage Human King realm expert to have killed him.

If the other party was not strong enough, or could not give a reasonable explanation, then Lei Wang would not let the matter rest.

In the Leishen Region, the cultivators of the Lightning Divine Palace were famous for being hot-tempered and protective of their own. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Lei Wang hovered in the sky and waved his hand. His King-realm spiritual pressure swept toward the Luo Heaven Palace.

In an instant, the bodies of everyone in the Luo Heaven Palace trembled uncontrollably. Their hearts were filled with despair.

What terrifying power!

This person’s strength was beyond their imagination. Was this person a legendary King realm expert?

Zhang Li immediately suppressed the fear in her heart and crushed the jade token Shangguan Wan’er had left behind.

Moments later, an energy body that caused the world to tremble suddenly appeared and instantly shattered the spiritual pressure Lei Wang was exerting.

After that, the energy body expressionlessly stretched out its hand and pointed, and Lei Wang died!

In an instant, the King realm experts who were secretly watching were thrown into an uproar.

The difference in strength between the two was like an unbridgeable chasm. Lei Wang did not even have a chance to resist before he was killed.

After that, some experts discovered Lei Wang’s identity.

It was actually a terrifying existence from the Lightning Divine Palace!

Now that Lei Wang had fallen in the Miaoling Region, the other King realm experts would definitely not let this go!

The Luo Heaven Palace was in danger!

That being said, the King realm experts of the Huangyu Zone were also puzzled. How could the Luo Heaven Palace have such a terrifying trump card?

They had naturally noticed that Shangguan Wan’er had summoned a similarly powerful Heavenly King energy body in the spatial turbulence some time ago.

Why did they have so many trump cards?

Were those jade tokens refined by Shangguan Wan’er’s teacher?

There had been rumors in the Huangyu Zone that Shangguan Wan’er’s teacher was Ye Xuan. Was Ye Xuan’s strength so terrifying?

The Huangyu Zone was rife with speculation for some time, and those King realm experts who had dispatched subordinates to try and snatch Ye Xuan’s Tower of Heaven became increasingly uneasy.

However, four to five months passed, yet no one from the Lightning Divine Palace appeared to take revenge.

What was going on?

After some investigation, the King realm experts of the Huangyu Zone discovered that the sea race had attacked the Leishen Region again, which was why no one from the Lightning Divine Palace had bothered to come. All of their experts were deployed to fight the sea race’s experts, who were pouring in like an endless tide.

This was all within Ye Xuan’s prediction when he used the power of karma. He had comprehended the true form of karmic intent, which allowed him more detailed insight into such matters. This was why he had instructed Shangguan Wan’er to start refining the heart of heavenly lightning.

The war between the human race and the sea race would continue for a long time.

Every time a king realm expert from another region arrived in the Leishen Region to provide support, the sea race would dispatch more experts to deal with them.

The two sides were equally matched in strength, and the battle entered a stalemate.

As time passed, countless cultivators from the two sides died.

Under the sea race’s fierce attacks, three regions in the Tianze Zone fell, and the territory occupied by the sea race was gradually expanding.

Not only were the sea race cultivators powerful, but their numbers were also endless. Their population was not something that the human race could compare to.

Just like that, another nine months passed.

Ye Xuan finally comprehended second-level karmic intent, which also was the limit of the karmic intent contained within the Tower of Heaven.

This allowed him to predict the future more accurately and clearly.

However, what made Ye Xuan frown was that when he looked into the future, there was a void that he could not see clearly.

Shrugging it off, he chalked it up to his karmic intent not being strong enough.

Even though Ye Xuan had been in a state of epiphany since he began his secluded cultivation, it still took him more than a year to comprehend second-level karmic intent!

This was enough to show how difficult it was to comprehend karmic intent.