Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

314 The Battle Between King Realm Experts

Other than Shangguan Wan’er, Ye Xuan had to assist his disciples in refining the towers he had given them. Furthermore, even though they had refined it, Shangguan Wan’er was the only one who could unleash the full power of her holy artifact, as it consumed large amounts of spiritual power.

Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then made a decision.

He instructed them to avoid using the holy artifacts until they had reached the pattern condensation realm.

After doing all this, Ye Xuan entered the Imprisonment Divine Tower to comprehend the destruction and strength intents. However, this time, he did not have the assistance of any spiritual items that would grant him an epiphany.

In any case, he had discovered through the power of karma that he would face a great calamity in the future, which was faintly related to the sea race.

Of course, regardless of whether it was related to the sea race or not, Ye Xuan would still seek out the sea race. After all, there were opportunities waiting for him there. Risks always accompanied opportunities.

During these few months, he would reap a few waves of system rewards from his disciples.

While waiting for the cooldown period to end, he would comprehend the supreme intents.

Once the one-month cooldown period was refreshed, Ye Xuan ended his secluded cultivation and started harvesting rewards. After that was done, their attributes and cultivation levels increased.

Ye Xuan

[Comprehension value: 809]

[Innate bone value: 812]

[Cultivation: Two-pattern condensation realm]

Yue:

[Comprehension value: 412]

[Innate bone value: 419]

[Cultivation: First level of the unity realm]

Li Qingyan

[Comprehension value: 410]

[Innate bone value: 430]

[Cultivation: First level of the unity realm]

Zhao Yuyan

[Comprehension value: 665]

[Innate bone value: 669]

[Cultivation: late-stage Xudan realm]

Shangguan Wan’er

[Comprehension value: 802]

[Innate bone value: 804]

[Cultivation: Four-pattern condensation realm]

After his innate bone value and comprehension value surpassed 800, Ye Xuan sensed that something within him had undergone a qualitative change. He could now sense the power of the natural laws now, which aided in his comprehension of martial intents. Furthermore, increasing either attribute by one point now required 10 points.

Ye Xuan’s physical strength also reached new heights. In terms of physical strength alone, he was no weaker than an early-stage Heavenly King expert. This was unprecedented as he was still a two-pattern condensation realm expert.

“What a pity. I’m just a step away from comprehending fourth-level strength intent,” Ye Xuan muttered to himself.

“Gotta keep at it. I hope my power will increase again before the sea race launches its next invasion of the Nanzhou Region!”

...

Huangyu Zone, deep inside the spatial turbulence.

In the pitch-black space, spatial fragments filled the air, as if they were going to tear everything apart. The size of each spatial fragment corresponded to its power. Some of the fist-sized spatial fragments could easily kill unity realm experts.

If the spatial fragment was a few hundred kilometers in diameter, even a top-tier pattern condensation realm expert would die on the spot.

It was rumored that in the deepest part of the spatial turbulence, there was a spatial fragment that was several light years long. Its power could destroy the world, and even King realm experts could not resist it.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Destructive energy wreaked havoc in the spatial turbulence, and dazzling martial techniques flashed everywhere and collided.

This was a battle between King realm experts!

The King realm experts of the human race and those of the sea race had been fighting in the spatial turbulence for a long time. Had this battle taken place in the outside world, the entire Huangyu Zone would have been reduced to ashes.

The human race and the sea race each had four King realm experts!

There were two early-stage and two middle-stage Human King realm experts from the human race and the same was true for the sea race.

The battle situation had entered a stalemate, and for the time being, it was difficult for a clear victor to emerge.

Elsewhere in different pockets of the spatial turbulence, other King realm battles were taking place.

Furthermore, the strongest King realm experts of the Huangyu Zone were being watched by the top King realm experts of the sea race.

Both sides would not act rashly. After all, they represented the strongest combat power of their respective sides. The moment either side attacked would be the moment of victory and defeat for both sides.

Boom!

An King realm expert transformed into a fire dragon that breathed out bright flames that seemed to want to engulf the other party.

On the other side, the sea race’s King realm expert released his water intent, creating waves that tried to drown the Fire Dragon.

The two powerful energies collided with each other, and the resulting shockwaves wreaked havoc in the surroundings.

“Sea Flood Dragon! You’re all looking for death!”

The Fire Dragon that covered the sky slowly dissipated and condensed into the figure of a human expert.

The rolling waves parted to reveal a creature that looked quite similar to the human expert, except that he was covered in scales and had two horns on its head.

The human expert’s name was Huo Bodong, who was the master of the Fire God Palace. He was an early-stage Human King realm expert. Both sides were equally matched. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Buzzzzzz!

At this moment, immense waves suddenly gushed out from the jet-black spatial turbulence. The force formed by the nine overlapping waves threatened to crush everything in its path, including Huo Bodong.