338 Shocking The Tianyuan Continent!

In order to avoid attracting the attention of the great emperor realm experts in the Tianyuan continent, Ye Xuan’s spiritual sense rushed out and frantically tried to restrain the sword qi and chaotic aura.

However, Ye Xuan could only stop the sword qi from causing physical harm to others, but he could not control its spread at all.

Soon, Yue, Li Qingyan, and Zhao Yuyan, who were cultivating in the other spaces of the Destiny Divine Tower suddenly opened their eyes. Their eyes were filled with shock.

This sword qi caused their souls to tremble with fear.

Boom!

At the same time, the entire Destiny Divine Tower trembled uncontrollably as it struggled to contain the sword qi and chaotic aura.

Ye Xuan’s expression changed when he saw this. He quickly used his spiritual sense to control the Destiny Divine Tower to suppress the chaotic aura and sword qi.

Even so, most of the chaotic aura and sword qi managed to escape!

At this moment, the pitch-black independent space suddenly lit up, as the formations were activated. Like a dazzling constellation, the interconnected formations transformed into a barrier that tried to restrain it.

However, the multiple eighth-grade formations that could suppress a great emperor realm expert still could not completely conceal the chaotic aura and sword qi, and it spread toward the Tianyuan continent.

“What’s this dense aura?”

“It’s completely different from the last one, yet it also brings shivers down my spine.”

The great emperor realm experts were shocked once again. This aura did not incite a sense of danger within them, but rather made them feel insignificant in comparison.

It gave off the illusion that the aura was above the natural laws of the Tianyuan continent.

“Wan’er, here! Put on some clothes!”

Ye Xuan flicked his sleeve, and a sky blue immortal robe fell into the blushing Shangguan Wan’er’s hands.

After Shangguan Wan’er had put on her clothes, Ye Xuan went over to her.

“Activate your special constitution and let me take a look,” Ye Xuan said with a serious expression.

Hearing this, Shangguan Wan’er quickly calmed herself down, and then the energy in her body swept out. The terrifying sword qi of the Undying Xuan Huang sword physique also spread out in an instant.

At the same time, the shadow appeared behind Shangguan Wan’er again. The ancient aura exuded by the shadow clashed with Ye Xuan’s chaotic aura, canceling both sides out.

At the same time, the aura that had shocked all of the great emperor realm experts on the Tian Yuan continent disappeared.

Shangguan Wan’er’s Undying Xuan Huang sword physique contained a wisp of her power from her previous life.

Although there was only a sliver of it left, it seemed to be on the same level as the power of the natural laws of the Tianyuan continent.

As for Ye Xuan’s chaotic divine body, it was filled with the aura of the world’s origin power, and it had transcended the power of the natural laws of the Tianyuan continent.

This was why the great emperor realm experts had felt that way.

It was as if the aura did not belong to the Tianyuan continent.

They all wondered if a life form that had transcended the natural laws had been born on the Tianyuan continent. However, none of their spiritual senses could detect anything.

Helplessly, the great emperor realm experts could only give up on the idea of investigating. However, this incident awakened all of the great emperor realm experts in the Tianyuan continent, and also made them realize that something big was about to happen.

Also, it caused the war between the two races to come to a temporary halt. The two auras had terrified the cultivators on both sides!

After waiting a long time and seeing that nothing else had happened, the sea race’s experts once again gave the order to attack, and the war continued.

In the deepest part of the endless sea, the ancient black dragon that was circling in that part of the spatial turbulence looked anxious.

The appearance of these two auras had severely affected his plan. Many great emperor realm experts in the dragon race had awakened, which was extremely disadvantageous for his efforts to gather the human race’s fate energy.

Next, he had to find a reasonable excuse to cover it all up!

Fate energy was invisible and intangible, and could not be sensed by ordinary cultivators. However, the same could not be said for great emperor realm experts.

Thankfully, even great emperor realm experts could only sense fate energy, but not where it went Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It was because of this that the ancient black dragon heaved a sigh of relief.

Even among the great emperor experts, not many could comprehend fate intent, which was a supreme intent second only to karmic intent.

100,000 years ago, the ancient black dragon had once tried. However, after spending tens of thousands of years, he still failed.

However, after obtaining the fragment, he finally managed to comprehend the true form of fate intent.

Although the level of his fate intent was rather low, it was sufficient for what he needed to do. Only someone who had comprehended fate intent would be able to sense where fate energy went.

That being said, in the dragon race, there was another great emperor realm expert besides the ancient black dragon. He had also comprehended fate intent, and was the leader of the dragon race, the golden divine dragon.

He was a third-level great emperor and was extremely powerful.

Once the ancient black dragon used the fragment to absorb the fate energy of the human race, the golden divine dragon would definitely sense it.

The golden divine dragon had been in seclusion before, so the ancient black dragon had not been worried about this.

However, now that he was awake, he had to be careful.