Chapter 361  A Tempting Offer

"I've struck it rich!"

"The Great Dao constitution is one of the top constitutions of the human race!"

Ye Xuan's eyes glowed with excitement.

At this moment, the medicinal power of the profound marrow pill in his body had yet to completely dissipate.

When the Golden Lotus of the Great Dao was fully formed in his dantian, he immediately started cultivating.

Ye Xuan's original estimate was that even if he completely refined the profound marrow pill's medicinal power, he would only be able to break through to the materialization realm at most.

However, with the support of the Golden Lotus of the Great Dao and the Great Dao constitution, he might be able to go further, perhaps even to the void realm.

After that, Ye Xuan focused all his mind and activated the chaos heart technique as he tried to fully utilize the medicinal power of the profound marrow pill.

Time flew by, and soon, several days had passed.

During this period, Zhuge Yueyue had gotten used to the peace and quiet on Cloud Sky peak.

Other than her teacher, she was the only one here.

Therefore, Zhuge Yueyue's mind was completely focused on her cultivation.

With the support of the profound ice divine bone, Zhuge Yueyue only spent three days to break through to the third level of the mystic meridian realm.

That was one minor realm per day!

That morning, before the first wisp of purple aura rose from the East, Zhuge Yueyue was already sitting on the peak of the mountain. She was cultivating according to the Cloud Sky treasure manual, slowly regulating her breathing.

At the same time, she was also studying what Ye Xuan had taught her, which was spiritual energy refinement and circulation.

Ever since she had awakened the profound ice divine bone, her bones had become colder and colder due to its aura.

Suddenly, her tightly-shut eyes slowly opened and she looked in the direction of Ye Xuan's wooden house.

"I wonder if Teacher will end his secluded cultivation soon. It's been a few days since I've seen him."

"Forget it! It's taboo for cultivators to be disturbed during secluded cultivation, so I should stay focused on cultivating!"

Then, she took a deep breath and slowly focused her mind and circulated the spiritual energy around her body and refined it.

She only stopped cultivating when the sun was high in the sky.

Fourth level of the mystic meridian realm!

If her cultivation continued to progress at this rate, it might only take her three months to reach the divine mystic realm.

At the thought of this, Zhuge Yueyue's eyes glowed with confidence.

Normally, the higher one's cultivation level progressed, the harder it would be to break through. However, she had awakened the profound ice divine bone, so her talent and aptitude had already surpassed all of the disciples of the Great Wilderness Divine sect.

This was all thanks to her teacher.

Suddenly, a bright light flashed in the void, and then a large figure with a sage-like appearance appeared.

When Zhuge Yueyue's gaze landed on the old man, she immediately became nervous and bowed respectfully.

"Zhuge Yueyue greets Sect Master!"

The person who had just arrived was Gongsun Shouyue, and the person behind him was the law enforcement elder, Gao Shun.

Gongsun Shouyue stroked his beard and waved his hand with a smile.

"Martial Niece Zhuge, there's no need to be so polite."

Gao Shun, who was next to him, then asked condescendingly, "Why don't I see your teacher? Senior Brother Gongsun and I have come here personally, but he's nowhere to be seen."

When Zhuge Yueyue heard this, immediately gave a perfunctory answer.

She had never forgotten Gao Shun's mocking words in the meeting hall a few days ago.

"Martial Uncle Gao, Teacher is currently in secluded cultivation."

"Secluded cultivation?"

"Hahaha! That's the biggest joke I've heard in a while!"

The moment he heard this, Gao Shun laughed wildly.

"He's a piece of trash who doesn't even have a divine bone, and his aptitude is mediocre at best. What good will secluded cultivation do for him?"

"Even if he cultivates for decades, he might not be able to break through a minor realm!"

Although Gao Shun's words were scathing, they were true. Ye Xuan's cultivation talent was obvious to everyone in the Great Wilderness Divine sect. As Tian Xuan's disciple, and the chief of Cloud Sky peak, he had disgraced the sect.

Hearing this, Zhuge Yueyue's expression turned cold. The profound ice divine bone in her body was activated, and the temperature in the surroundings dropped rapidly.

When Gongsun Shouyue heard this, he immediately frowned.

Although Ye Xuan's cultivation talent was mediocre, he was still Tian Xuan's only disciple. It was fine to gossip in private, but it was inappropriate to ridicule him so openly.

He was just about to criticize Gao Shun, but suddenly noticed the sudden drop in temperature, and instantly locked onto the source, Zhuge Yueyue.

He looked at her with surprise.

"You actually have the profound ice divine bone!"

"What?" Gao Shun's expression changed when he heard this, and his gaze also fell on Zhuge Yueyue.

A mysterious mark suddenly appeared on Zhuge Yueyue's forehead. It was the symbol of the divine bone.

"How is this possible? When we were in the meeting hall, we already tested and confirmed that she did not have any divine bones!"

Gao Shun was in disbelief.

Back then, among the many villagers, only the young man who had first spoken up had been tested to have a divine bone, which is why they fought to take him in as a disciple.

Although the rest of the villagers did not possess divine bones, many of them still had some level of cultivation aptitude.

However, not only did Zhuge Yueyue not have a divine bone, but her cultivation aptitude was also extremely mediocre. Otherwise, she would not have remained unchosen.

How could such an ordinary girl have a divine bone now?

"Such a pure ice-cold aura. It's indeed the profound ice divine bone. Furthermore, the aura is so dense. Perhaps it can evolve into an immortal bone in the future."

"Hahaha! Very good! I didn't expect that after thousands of years, our Great Wilderness Divine sect would have another peerless genius. What great fortune!"

However, unfortunately, this girl had chosen to become a disciple of Cloud Sky peak.

Gongsun Shouyue suddenly felt a little helpless. It would be a waste to let Ye Xuan teach such an outstanding genius.

When Gao Shun heard this, his expression became twisted. His heart was filled with grievances.

He had always prided himself on his eye for talent. How could he have made a wrong judgment?

"Martial Niece Zhuge, are you willing to follow me back to Taiqing Divine peak and become my disciple?"

"Your level of talent is extremely outstanding. If you become my disciple, you will definitely be able to enjoy the best cultivation resources of the Great Wilderness Divine sect. You might even become the sect's successor!" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It had to be said that Gongsun Shouyue's offer was quite tempting.