Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 39: Ye... Ye Xuan?

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Seeing this scene unfold, Baduluo was terrified. He had no intention of fighting anymore. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Although they were both fifth-level true essence state cultivators, why was the difference in their strength so great?

Whether it was in terms of cultivation techniques or weapons, he could not be compared to Yue.

“Brother Duan, please...”

At this moment, Baduluo hurriedly turned toward Duan Wuyi.

He knew very well that although Yue was extremely powerful, if Duan Wuyi made a move, he would definitely be able to easily defeat her.

However, when his gaze fell on Duan Wuyi, he saw an extremely shocking scene.

Duan Wuyi’s body could not stop trembling, and his eyes were filled with fear.

“You... You are Ye Xuan?”

At the thought of this name, Duan Wuyi’s heart was filled with despair.

At this moment, he finally understood why he had been somewhat familiar with this young man’s appearance. It was because this guy was Ye Xuan of the Qingyun sect!

Ye Xuan was the peerless genius of the younger generation of the Great Qian dynasty!

......

A top-notch expert who had entered the core formation realm at the age of 20, and who had even become an elder of the Qingyun sect!

“Ye... Ye Xuan? What?”

Seeing this, Baduluo looked puzzled.

Rumble!

At this moment, thunder and lightning filled the dark clouds in the sky.

Baduluo, who had just wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, could not help but tremble.

Ye... Ye Xuan?

Who else could make Duan Wuyi so afraid?

Although he was just a bandit, he had heard a little about Ye Xuan, the genius who had caused an uproar in the entire Great Qian dynasty. There were only a few key pieces of information about Ye Xuan that he needed to focus on.

Ye Xuan was a top-tier expert whose cultivation had reached the core formation state.

Regardless of his background, this cultivation level itself spoke for itself.

But this... was that young man really Ye Xuan of the Qingyun sect? The youngest core formation state cultivator in the history of the Great Qian Dynasty?!

Why would such a powerful top-tier expert appear here? Wait, he came here with Yue.

Could it be...

At this moment, Baduluo’s heart could not help but beat rapidly, and an extremely terrifying possibility appeared in his mind.

A top-tier core formation state expert accompanying a true essence state cultivator here… What did this mean? The relationship between the two was definitely not simple!

It was either a relationship with an elder or a master-disciple relationship.

The other party was Ye Xuan, known to be the greatest genius among the younger generation of the Great Qian Dynasty. If he was really Yue’s master, then Yue’s strength could be explained.

In just two years, a weak ordinary person had stepped into the fifth level of the true essence state. Had it been anyone else, they would have been accused of spouting nonsense, but if it was Ye Xuan, it might actually be possible.

Ye Xuan’s accomplishments were extremely legendary, so it was understandable that he would be able to teach such a genius disciple.

Thinking of Ye Xuan’s existence, Baduluo was extremely terrified.

Earlier, although he was indeed no match for Yue, if he wanted to escape, the other party would not be able to stop him.

However, if Ye Xuan was here, even if he had wings, there was no way for him to escape. Baduluo was not like Duan Wuyi, who came from a top-tier sect. He also did not have any powerful trump cards left behind by a master.

Most importantly, what was the use of these so-called trump cards in the face of extremely powerful core formation state cultivators?

“I am Duan Wuyi of the Xuanyin sect, a disciple of Elder Li. Greetings, Elder Ye Xuan!”

Immediately, Duan Wuyi bowed respectfully to Ye Xuan.

“What? You are from the Xuanyin sect?” Hearing this, Baduluo’s expression changed drastically.

Damn it! So this guy was a cultivator from the Xuanyin sect. We’ve been played!

Although Baduluo was very displeased, he saw a glimmer of hope after discovering Duan Wuyi’s identity.

After all, the Xuanyin sect was the second most powerful sect in the Great Qian dynasty. Even Ye Xuan had to give them some face, right?

However, would this guy save me? Would the talented cultivators of these top-tier sects really care about our lives?

Thinking this, Baduluo suddenly became uneasy and frantically thought of countermeasures.

Ye Xuan did not even bother paying any attention to Duan Wuyi. He stood on the giant rock with a calm expression.

Duan Wuyi could not help but feel awkward when he saw this.

The reason why he lost his composure when he recognized Ye Xuan’s identity was because he had a secret he had to keep.

After all, if Ye Xuan found out that he was using the bloodstone to collect the qi and blood essence, it would definitely have a great impact on the Xuanyin sect.

After all, their actions had been cruel and inhumane. If news of this spread, the Xuanyin sect would become the enemy of the entire Great Qian dynasty, especially the royal family of the Great Qian dynasty.

They would never allow the Xuanyin sect to exist.

Although the Xuanyin sect was ranked second in the Great Qian dynasty, one could not underestimate the power of the royal family. It was due to this that they had chosen to collect the qi and blood essence secretly.

In the beginning, Duan Wuyi planned to destroy the Fengxuan Stronghold together with his junior brother after he had collected enough qi and blood essence from the massacre of Tashi village.

This way, no one would be able to reveal the secret of the bloodstone. Moreover, they would be able to gather the qi and blood essence of the cultivators of the Fengxuan Stronghold while simultaneously completing the bandit suppression mission of the?royal family of the Great Qian dynasty. This would thereby increase the reputation of the Xuanyin sect.

This could be said to be a plan that allowed them to kill three birds with one stone.

However, Ye Xuan had appeared at this critical moment, completely disrupting his plan.

Although Duan Wuyi was extremely resentful, he did not dare to show the slightest bit of dissatisfaction on his face.

Damn it! If the elders of my sect had also appeared here, there would be no need to be so aggrieved.

“Ah...”

At this moment, the screams of the bandits rang out once again.

These bandits had massacred the villagers of Lin Shi village in the past. Those villagers would finally be avenged.

As time passed, the bandits gradually lost their lives one after the other to Yue’s Qingyun sword.

Night fell. The dark clouds in the sky rumbled with the promise of an impending storm. Strong gales blew around, sweeping up the surrounding dust and sand, and spreading the thick smell of blood.

“Elder Ye, you...”

Seeing this scene, Duan Wuyi’s face became extremely ugly.

Looking at Ye Xuan’s appearance, it seemed that he was allowing the woman to destroy the Fengxuan Stronghold. Since Duan Wuyi himself was also working with Baduluo, would that mean that Ye Xuan would also destroy him alongside them?

Although Yue’s strength was not weak, if the two sides fought, she would not be a match for him at all. However, the other side had a big shot like Ye Xuan!

Would he even be allowed to hurt Yue under Ye Xuan’s watch?

Moreover, judging from Ye Xuan’s demeanor, he might even kill him directly.

However, he was still a cultivator of the Xuanyin sect. Would Ye Xuan really dare to act?

He could not guarantee that he would not. After all, Tashi village was located in a remote place. Even if Ye Xuan really killed him, who would know or find out?

Ye Xuan’s attitude of ignoring him made him feel increasingly uneasy.