395 Refining The Precious Bone

Of course, Feng Xiyun was only a mortal, so she had not formed her dantian, nor did her body contain any spiritual power.

Thus, Ye Xuan had to use his own surging spiritual power to refine it for her.

A gentle current of spiritual power entered her body, and slowly guided the power of the precious bone into her body. Moments later, her body started to heat up, as the fire attribute power of the precious bone filled her body.

Feng Xiyun’s brows were tightly furrowed. Sweat was constantly dripping from her forehead, and she unconsciously took off her outer garment.

After stabilizing her mind, Feng Xiyun continued to refine the precious bone of the ape beast.

The surrounding spiritual energy began to surge crazily, forming a small spiritual energy whirlwind.

With Ye Xuan’s help, Feng Xiyun also successfully formed up her dantian and sea of consciousness. The precious bone had also been refined in her dantian.

It was now a brand new divine bone condensed from the ape beast’s precious bone and Feng Xiyun’s own royal bloodline.

The resulting divine bone was not inferior to Zhuge Yueyue’s profound ice divine bone in terms of grade.

After sensing the birth of the divine bone, Ye Xuan smiled.

At this moment, Feng Xiyun’s expression exhibited signs of pain. After all, the process of refining the precious bone and condensing a divine bone was basically a reconstruction of her body.

After a long time, the painful expression on Feng Xiyun’s face slowly disappeared. The surrounding spiritual energy started to flow into her body, as her cultivation level rose rapidly.

First level of the mystic meridian realm!

Second level of the mystic meridian realm!

Third level mystic meridian realm!

…

First level of the divine mystic realm! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Feng Xiyun’s cultivation only stopped at this point. Despite this, she had still not completely refined the energy of the precious bone. Once she did, she would have further breakthroughs.

This was how valuable the precious bone of a descendant of an ancient beast was, especially one that had reached the heaven realm. If she refined it completely, it was likely that she would reach the heaven realm as well.

It was precisely because of this that these precious bones were treated as incomparably valuable heavenly treasures by every cultivator in the mystic world, and there was almost always a fierce battle to obtain each one that was discovered.

Feng Xiyun slowly opened her eyes. Her eyes were filled with excitement.

She felt like hugging her teacher to express her gratitude, but quickly restrained herself. That would be inappropriate and unbecoming of her.

As the princess of a divine empire, her status, bearing and conduct had always been noble and befitting of her identity. She felt a little embarrassed now. Not only had she almost done something inappropriate, but she realized that while she had been refining the precious bone earlier, she had taken off her outer garment unconsciously.

Thanks to the profuse amount of sweat, her clothes were all wet, revealing things that she did not want revealed.

How was she going to face Ye Xuan in the future?

At this time, Ye Xuan turned around very tactfully, while slowly suppressing the psychological and physiological sensations he was feeling.