Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

456 Quarterfinals

When Gao Tianyu heard this, he felt pressured.

However, when he recalled the trump card that Gao Shun had given him, a smile reappeared on his face.

“Don’t worry, Father. Even if Zhuge Yueyue has reached the ninth level of the materialization realm, it does not matter.”

“As long as she hasn’t reached the void realm, my victory is guaranteed!”

Gao Shun also smiled and nodded when he heard this. However, after the previous incident, he no longer dared to count his chickens before they hatched.

“Mm! It’s good that you’re confident!”

Gao Shun felt much more relieved. Following that, he stood up from his throne.

Now that he had more or less adjusted his mental state, it was time to go back and watch the Seven Peaks competition.

After all, he was the law enforcement elder of the Great Wilderness Divine sect and the person in charge of the Seven Peaks competition. He could not delay the progress of the competition because of this matter.

“Tianyu, you’ve just finished your match, so go back and rest. Prepare for tomorrow’s match!”

“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you have a smooth path to the finals,” Gao Shun said with a smile, his face full of confidence.

This was the advantage of being the person in charge of the Seven Peaks competition. He could change the competition matchups at will.

Time flew by, and several days quickly passed.

Cloud Sky peak.

In the courtyard, Ye Xuan, who was sitting cross-legged, slowly opened his eyes and exhaled a mouthful of rich spiritual energy.

At the same time, his body also shone with golden divine light, and an extremely mysterious pattern seemed to be outlined on his body.

In that instant, the entire Cloud Sky peak trembled slightly.

“Hu!”

Ye Xuan took a deep breath, a smile on his lips.

“I’ve finally stabilized my cultivation foundation and reached the peak of the mystic lord realm.”

As long as Zhuge Yueyue became the champion of the Seven Peaks competition, he would be able to obtain the divine fruit of the Great Dao. Using that, he would be able to gain some lucrative rewards from the system, and might even be able to break through to the supreme realm.

When that happened, he would become the second supreme realm expert in the sect after Tian Xuan.

Ye Xuan’s divine sense swept out as he carefully examined his body.

The second Dao fruit in the divine spring was about to appear.

Ye Xuan had not completely refined the cultivation boost reward he had obtained from the system, so when he continued to refine and absorb this power, his own spiritual power would be constantly compressed and condensed to a minute level.

In other words, even within the same realm, Ye Xuan’s spiritual power was purer, denser and far more powerful than others.

Ye Xuan left the room after he was done.

“Teacher!”

Although it was early in the morning, Feng Xiyun and Zhuge Yueyue were already waiting for Ye Xuan in the open space of the courtyard.

Over the past few days, the battles between the sect’s cultivators in the Seven Peaks competition had been very intense. However, Ye Xuan had been in secluded cultivation the entire time, and had not seen the fights.

At this moment, the top eight cultivators of the Seven Peaks competition had already been decided.

To everyone’s surprise, even though Cloud Sky peak only had two disciples, they were both in the top eight.

Apart from Cloud Sky peak, the other seven peaks also had a cultivator in the top eight.

For example, Li Hanyi of Water Sky peak, Gao Tianyu of Hidden Sword peak, Xiao Beichen of Returning Cloud peak, Bai Xuanyuan of Great Wilderness peak, Tang Xuejian of Equal Heaven peak, and Liang Tianqi of Sword Spirit peak.

Those who could stand out among countless cultivators were all dragons and phoenixes among men, peerless geniuses.

These cultivators were all materialization realm experts. Furthermore, in terms of cultivation levels, they were stronger than Feng Xiyun.

Of course, Ye Xuan did not have any harsh requirements for Feng Xiyun. Having her ranked within the top eight was more than satisfactory.

As for Zhuge Yueyue, she should have no problem winning the competition.

“En!” Ye Xuan nodded, then looked up at the sky and continued, “The competition is about to start. Let’s go!”

Feng Xiyun, Zhuge Yueyue, and Su Changhe nodded. They then followed behind Ye Xuan and headed towards the Great Wilderness peak.

As it was currently the quarterfinals, there were only four arenas left in the square.

“Oh my God, why are there so many people?”

As soon as he arrived at the arena, Su Changhe was shocked by the sea of people in front of him.

Although the square in front of the meeting hall was extremely wide, it was crowded like a pack of sardines.

Seeing this, Feng Xiyun gave a shallow smile.

“There are many cultivators from the Great Wilderness Divine sect. Now that there aren’t many matches left, the number of spectators has naturally increased.”

“Senior Sister, do you know who your opponent is?” Feng Xiyun looked at Zhuge Yueyue.

Zhuge Yueyue replied indifferently, “Returning Cloud peak, Xiao Beichen!”

“It’s actually him! I watched his match earlier. That guy’s spear technique is extremely domineering. He’s probably at least reached the seventh level of the materialization realm!”

“And according to his previous battles, this guy’s most powerful aspect is his strength. He likes to crush his opponents! Sister Yueyue, you have to be careful!”

As expected of Su Changhe. In just a few days, he had managed to gather all of the information about the powerful cultivators.

Although this guy seemed to be looking at beautiful women, he was still paying attention to Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun’s possible opponents on the sly. He was doing his best to find out information for them.

“Sister Xiyun, who’s your opponent?”

Su Changhe immediately looked at Feng Xiyun with a smile.

When Feng Xiyun heard this, she frowned, “It’s Senior Sister Li Hanyi from Water Sky peak…”

“This might be a little difficult... Sister Xiyun, you might be done for...”

“Su Changhe! Are you asking for a beating?” When Feng Xiyun heard this, she became a little unhappy. She raised her hand and was about to slap Su Changhe’s head.

However, this guy was very clever and immediately sneaked over to Ye Xuan’s side.

“Chief Ye Xuan, you have to help me. Sister Xiyun wants to silence me…”.

Hearing this, Ye Xuan smiled. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Alright, alright. Xiyun, no matter who you fight, just do your best! There’s no need to feel pressured. After all, you’ve only been cultivating for a month or so. Even if you lose, it’s not something to be ashamed of!”