Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

459 Battling Xiao Beichen

In an instant, the surroundings became lively as everyone started their discussions enthusiastically.

“Xiao Beichen may be powerful, but my intuition tells me that Zhuge Yueyue is even more powerful!”

“I’m sure you’ve already noticed that Zhuge Yueyue defeated all of her opponents thus far with one move. She hasn’t even used the Cloud Sky Sword!”

“Although Xiao Beichen is strong, he used his magic artifact in the previous matches!”

“This alone does not mean that Zhuge Yueyue is stronger, does it? After all, Xiao Beichen also defeated his opponent in one move.”

…

Some of them supported Xiao Beichen, while others were more optimistic about Zhuge Yueyue.

They were all guessing who would be the final winner of this battle.

At this time, in another arena, Gao Tianyu defeated his opponent in an overwhelming fashion and successfully advanced to the top four.

He then rushed over to watch the battle between Zhuge Yueyue and Xiao Beichen.

Before Zhuge Yueyue’s sudden appearance, Xiao Beichen could be said to be his only competition.

Gao Shun’s current arrangement was to remove one of the two major obstacles for Gao Tianyu. The victor of this match would likely face Gao Tianyu in the finals.

Gao Tianyu hoped that it would be Zhuge Yueyue. Only by defeating Zhuge Yueyue himself could he trample Cloud Sky peak under his feet and redeem the dignity of Hidden Sword peak.

“Greetings, Martial Uncle Gongsun!”

“Greetings, Father!”

After Gao Tianyu arrived at the arena, he bowed to Gongsun Shouyue and Gao Shun with respect.

“En!” Gongsun Shouyue nodded, and then his eyes turned back to the arena.

Gao Shun, on the other hand, smiled.

“Tianyu, you have to take a good look at this match. Perhaps Xiao Beichen can force Zhuge Yueyue to use her trump card.”

“The dignity of Hidden Sword peak is now in your hands. I’ve observed her carefully. This girl has never used a magic artifact from the first round, and defeated her opponents in one move.”

“As far as I know, Ye Xuan’s forte is his mastery of the Sword Dao, so he’s probably taught her a divine power related to that.”

Gao Shun was worried after seeing Feng Xiyun’s performance, who had lasted so long despite the major gap between her cultivation level and Li Hanyi’s.

Furthermore, Zhuge Yueyue had not revealed her strength so far.

Gao Tianyu nodded and looked at the arena.

“Returning Cloud peak’s Xiao Beichen. Please enlighten me, Junior Sister Zhuge!”

Xiao Beichen slowly raised the black spear in his hand as he focused his gaze on Zhuge Yueyue.

Xiao Beichen’s spiritual sense swept out the moment Zhuge Yueyue stepped onto the arena. He carefully observed the changes in Zhuge Yueyue’s aura. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, what shocked Xiao Beichen was that Zhuge Yueyue’s aura was extremely obscure.

He knew very well that this little junior sister in front of him, who had only been cultivating for slightly over three months, was very likely to be his strongest opponent.

“Cloud Sky peak’s, Zhuge Yueyue. Please enlighten me, Senior Brother!”

Zhuge Yueyue stood there with a calm expression. She still did not take out the Cloud Sky sword.

“Junior Sister, be prepared!”

Xiao Beichen did not waste any more time. The long spear in his hand turned into a dazzling black light, like a dragon emerging from the sea, as it stabbed toward Zhuge Yueyue.

Terrifying black flames burst forth from the tip of the spear.

Seeing this, Zhuge Yueyue’s expression did not change at all. With a slight turn of her body, she easily dodged Xiao Beichen’s probing attack.

Pa!

Right at this time, Gao Shun could not resist slamming the table in anger, his expression extremely dark.

“This girl is really too arrogant. She’s facing the strongest disciple from Returning Cloud peak, but she’s still not using her magic artifact. Isn’t she looking down on Xiao Beichen?”

“She’s really too much! “Like master, like disciple!”

Gao Shun’s intense reaction gave the Returning Cloud peak’s chief, Xiao Fengsheng, a shock.

‘It’s my son competing with her. What is this old man doing here?’

Xiao Fengsheng was completely dumbfounded.

At this moment, Xiao Beichen’s eyes turned cold when he realized that Zhuge Yueyue had dodged his attack. Furthermore, she still showed no signs of taking out a weapon.

Was she looking down on him?

His anger was aroused.

Immediately, the spiritual power in Xiao Beichen’s body swept out, and the terrifying pressure of a seventh-level materialization realm expert spread throughout the entire arena.

Mysterious patterns appeared on the black spear in Xiao Beichen’s hands, which turned into a huge black phoenix that rushed toward Zhuge Yueyue.

When the crowd saw this, they immediately became nervous.

Even Zhuge Yueyue frowned. She could not underestimate the divine power he had just unleashed.

In the next second, the storage ring on Zhuge Yueyue’s hand flashed, and the Cloud Sky Sword was unsheathed!

Hu!

Zhuge Yueyue had finally used the Cloud Sky Sword…

When everyone saw this, they looked on in anticipation.

The instant the Cloud Sky sword appeared, the entire arena began to shake violently as an extremely turbulent sword qi began to quietly brew.

...

Zhuge Yueyue swept the sword across the air lightly. A crescent-shaped gap suddenly appeared, splitting the black phoenix in half easily.

“Damn it!”

Xiao Beichen was furious when he saw this. The long spear in his hand suddenly started to spin, and the spiritual power in his body turned into black flames, filling the air.

Roar!

Moments later, a huge black dragon erupted from the spear and charged toward Zhuge Yueyue.

“Heavens! It’s the earth-grade secret technique of Returning Cloud peak, Black Dragon’s roar!”

When everyone saw this, they were shocked.