Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

460 Heavenly Pillar?

It was extremely difficult to cultivate an earth-grade secret technique, so no one expected Xiao Beichen to have successfully cultivated it.

However, the fact that he had used this secret technique at this juncture meant that he was planning to end it as soon as possible.

Thinking this, everyone’s eyes turned to Xiao Fengsheng.

The latter had a smile on his face as he sat in his seat calmly.

“Black Dragon’s Roar? That’s kind of interesting…”

Ye Xuan raised his brows slightly, but still looked completely calm.

When Yuelun saw this, she felt curious.

She knew very well that with Ye Xuan’s personality, Zhuge Yueyue must have cultivated an extremely powerful secret technique.

However, the reputation of the Black Dragon’s Roar was well-known. How would Zhuge Yueyue deal with it?

By this time, the Black Dragon that the black spear had transformed into had almost forced Zhuge Yueyue to retreat to the edge of the arena.

Zhuge Yueyue’s brows were furrowed. She naturally knew that Xiao Beichen wanted to decide the winner with this attack.

Immediately, the spiritual power in Zhuge Yueyue’s body swept out, and the Cloud Sky Sword in her hand bloomed with dazzling light as the temperature around the arena dropped rapidly.

“Black Dragon’s Roar? Then I’ll slay a dragon today,” Zhuge Yueyue said in a domineering manner. Then, the Cloud Sky Sword suddenly trembled as a cold sword qi manifested into a huge divine sword, slashing toward the black dragon.

The divine sword was filled with bone-chilling sword qi. It was the heavenly slash that Ye Xuan had taught her before!

Boom!

The two surging forces collided fiercely, and the shockwaves wreaked havoc in the surroundings. Even the reinforced arena floor began to crack.

At this moment, Xiao Beichen’s figure was like a cannonball, flying back and crashing into the ground.

“Pfft!”

The terrifying cold sword aura wreaked havoc throughout Xiao Beichen’s meridians, and he was so severely injured that he almost fainted.

Xiao Beichen’s eyes were filled with disbelief as he looked at Zhuge Yueyue.

At the same time, the smile on Xiao Fengsheng’s face disappeared. He stood up in shock and looked at Ye Xuan. He clenched his teeth, but finally sat down helplessly.

“Heavenly slash!”

When Gao Shun saw this scene, he muttered to himself.

He was not unfamiliar with the heavenly slash, as it was something that Tian Xuan had derived from the Cloud Sky sword technique.

However, compared to Tian Xuan’s heavenly slash, Zhuge Yueyue’s heavenly slash seemed more exquisite and powerful.

He naturally did not know that the heavenly slash had been personally modified and improved by Ye Xuan, improving its power.

“Junior Brother Ye, this heavenly slash seems to be different from the previous one. Did you improve it?”

Yuelun had also noticed the differences.

Ye Xuan’s lips curved into a smile.

“Senior Sister Yuelun, what does a mere heavenly slash count for. I have even stronger techniques.”

“What? There are actually more powerful divine powers than the heavenly slash?”

Yuelun’s interest was immediately piqued.

Ye Xuan looked around and said softly, “Actually, my strongest move is called the heavenly pillar. Its attack power is extremely terrifying.”

“If I use this move, I can easily take down an army of thousands.”

“What? Heavenly pillar?”

Yuelun’s pupils involuntarily contracted.

If Ye Xuan called it his strongest trump card, it had to be very powerful.

Just how terrifying was this heavenly pillar? Could it really destroy an army of thousands?

“Junior Brother Ye, can you tell me what is so special about this divine power?”

“Mm! If you have to pick out something special…”

“It has to be its penetrative power!”

“The heavenly pillar’s brilliance will cause the world and the living beings within it to tremble.”

“Hiss!”

When Yuelun heard this, she involuntarily inhaled deeply. Her eyes were filled with shock.

Could it be that Junior Brother Ye Xuan was talking about an immortal-grade divine power?

“Even if an immortal were to descend, they might not be able to resist it!”

Not afraid of immortals? What a terrifying divine power!

Her heart was filled with shock.

He did not expect Ye Xuan to have an even more powerful immortal-grade divine power in addition to the Boundless Palm technique.

Furthermore, from Ye Xuan’s description, this divine power was extremely terrifying. Even if she used all her strength, she might not be able to take it.

“Mmm… I don’t think I’m a match for this pillar…”

After thinking about it seriously, Yuelun asked in a coquettish manner.

“Junior Brother Ye, are there any other details? Can you reveal more?”

Ye Xuan smirked.

... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“The most important aspect of the divine power is that it will first trap the enemy. Then, it will deliver the final blow!”