461 Detestable!

Upon hearing this, Yuelun squinted her eyes and said, “Junior Brother Ye, if that’s the case, the power of this move is extremely terrifying. Could it be a legendary immortal-grade divine power?”

“You could say that it is something like that.”

Ye Xuan smiled as he looked at Yuelun, whose eyes lit up when she heard this.

“As expected, it truly is an immortal-grade divine power.”

“I wonder if I’ll have the chance to see its power in the future…”

She looked at Ye Xuan curiously.

“Cough cough…”

Ye Xuan coughed repeatedly, and his expression turned a little strange.

“It’s not convenient with so many people around.”

“If Senior Sister is really curious about it, we can find a quiet place for me to show it to you.”

“Really?”

Yuelun’s eyes instantly lit up.

“That’s natural. When have I ever lied to you?” Ye Xuan said in all seriousness.

Upon hearing this, Yuelun revealed a happy smile.

She understood Ye Xuan’s hesitations. After all, it was an immortal-grade divine power. It would be inappropriate to show it off to the public.

However, she was elated that he had actually agreed to show it to her. It seemed that she had a place in his heart.

Thinking this, she could not repress the smile on her face.

This was a legendary immortal-grade divine power. Even as the chief of Water Sky peak, she had only ever cultivated earth-grade divine powers. Even the sect master’s strongest divine power, the great wilderness technique, was a heaven-grade one.

However, there was a rumor a few hundred years ago that the unrivaled person had once comprehended a heaven-grade divine power and stayed on Cloud Sky peak.

Had he obtained the inheritance of that person, or comprehended it from the inheritance left behind by Chief Tian Xuan?

“Then let’s make an agreement. When we have time in the future, we’ll find a quiet place to study it.”

However, when Yuelun saw the smirk on Ye Xuan’s face, she felt a little flustered.

“That’s only natural. Since Senior Sister has that intention, I have to agree.”

Ye Xuan nodded with a smile, but his expression became weirder.

Uh…

Why did it feel like there was something hiding behind this guy’s smile?

Immediately, Yuelun carefully went over the conversation between them. She felt that something was wrong.

Wait… It seemed to be…

Yuelun’s face flushed red, and she was so ashamed that she wished she could bury her head in the sand.

The smirk on Ye Xuan’s face, combined with his description of the ‘heavenly pillar’…

How could Yuelun not understand?

“I…”

She could not believe she had taken it seriously. Furthermore, she had been on the verge of finding a quiet place so that he could show it off.

Ye Xuan could barely restrain himself from laughing. Teasing her occasionally felt pretty satisfying. It seemed that cultivators were lacking when it came to reading subtleties and hints related to this topic. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Mmm… Senior Sister, are you not feeling well? Why is your face so red?”

Ye Xuan asked, pretending to be confused.

“You… Die!”

Yuelun did not know how to face Ye Xuan. Every time she looked at him, she would be reminded of that smirk.

In her embarrassment, she glared at Ye Xuan and then quickly left.

“Teacher, were you not happily chatting with Chief Ye Xuan just now? What’s going on?”

The cultivators of the Water Sky peak who were not far away were confused when they saw this.

What was going on? The Seven Peaks competition was still going on. Even Feng Xiyun was confused.

“Teacher, did something happen to Chief Yuelun?”

“Not really! Maybe she’s just recalling some happy memories,” Ye Xuan said with a smile.

“Happy memories?”

Feng Xiyun became even more puzzled. Yuelun definitely looked more embarrassed than happy when she ran off just now.

Water Sky peak.

Yuelun flew all the way back to Water Sky peak and locked herself in her cultivation room, which dumbfounded the cultivators of Water Sky peak who did not participate in the Seven Peaks competition.

What the f*ck had happened?

They had never seen their teacher react like this…

“What happened? Why is Teacher behaving like this?”

“Don’t tell me… Senior Sister Hanyi lost?”

Instantly, everyone started discussing among themselves. However, no one dared to get close to Yuelun’s cultivation room as they were afraid of being scolded.

In the cultivation room, Yuelun was seated cross-legged, trying to use a mental cultivation technique to stabilize her emotions. However, it was not working.

...

“Ah .. How am I going to face others in the future?”

“It’s all Ye Xuan’s fault. He’s really too detestable…”

Recalling the matter, she felt both furious and ashamed.

After a long time, her emotions finally calmed down. The conversation topic was not something she could not tolerate. However, Ye Xuan had deliberately led her by the nose and beat around the bush, which had led to her misunderstanding the whole matter.

It was an immortal-grade divine power, after all…

Thinking about how she had been fooled, and that knowing smirk on his face, she became angry again and waved her fist around.

“This guy is really too hateful. He actually tricked me…”

“Hmph! He had better not become too arrogant, lest one day I destroy that heavenly pillar of his!”