Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

466 Forbidden Technique

“Hahaha! Junior Brother Ye, it seems that the supreme technique of Cloud Sky peak is nothing special after all.”

At this very moment, Gao Shun could no longer resist the urge to humiliate Ye Xuan.

Since Zhuge Yueyue’s trump card had been negated by Gao Tianyu, it was the best time to show off.

He could finally trample on Ye Xuan ruthlessly.

Ye Xuan merely looked at Gao Shun indifferently.

“Oh? From your words, it seems that Senior Brother Gao is quite confident in Hidden Sword peak’s secret technique!”

“Hahaha! Our Hidden Sword peak’s secret technique has been improved by many generations of chiefs. Although it’s not as fancy as your Cloud Sky peak’s secret technique, its power is not something ordinary divine powers can be compared with,” Gao Shun stroked his beard and said with a smug look.

Ye Xuan smiled and did not say anything.

He had naturally seen the uniqueness of Gao Tianyu’s sword technique just now. Its power was very fierce and domineering.

Although this swordsmanship lacked finesse, it had enough power to make up for it.

“Hehe! Senior Brother Gao, don’t be too anxious, the outcome is still undecided,” Ye Xuan said with a smile.

When Gao Shun heard this, his gaze immediately turned cold, and he cursed inwardly, ‘Still pretending? Just you wait. Once the match ends, there will be nowhere to hide!’

At this moment, the arena was filled with violent sword qi.

After blocking the heavenly slash, Gao Tianyu became even more confident, and a mocking smile now hung on his lips.

“I thought it would be an evenly-matched fight, but I didn’t expect that Junior Sister Zhuge’s strength was limited to this. I’m really disappointed.”

“You should surrender obediently. After all, it’s not a shameful thing to be defeated by me.”

Zhuge Yueyue ignored Gao Tianyu. Instead, she was thinking about Gao Tianyu’s sword technique carefully.

Then her cold expression displayed a smile that made everyone’s heart flutter.

“Hmm, is this the Azure Sword technique?”

“I wonder if you can block my next move?”

The Cloud Sky Sword shone once more. However, this time, it was not the heavenly slash, but the even stronger Nine Serenities of Frost technique.

Countless snowflakes appeared in the sky, and an extremely cold aura descended.

Gao Tianyu’s expression changed when he saw this.

“It’s actually a heaven-grade divine power!”

At this moment, the onlookers finally understood that when Zhuge Yueyue defeated Bai Xuanyuan, the power of ice she used did not come from the profound ice divine bone, but this heaven-grade divine power instead.

“Wait… Junior Sister Zhuge’s cultivation level…”

“She… She’s actually a ninth-level materialization realm expert…”

“That’s unbelievable. Hasn’t she only been cultivating for three months? How did she progress so quickly?”

Everyone was shocked!

It was only at this moment that Zhuge Yueyue revealed her strength.

“Oh my God, how does Martial Uncle Ye Xuan teach his disciples? Even if he spent all of his heavenly treasures on her, she should not have been able to achieve this!”

A wave of disbelief swept through the crowd.

Even Gongsun Shouyue and Elder Tongtian were shocked, and Mu Beichen was even more so.

Even with his level of talent, it took him several years of hard work to break through to the ninth level of the materialization realm. Not long ago, he had finally reached the void realm.

Zhuge Yueyue’s cultivation progress made no sense!

Gao Shun’s expression immediately turned livid. However, he then smiled coldly again.

‘Ninth level of the materialization realm… Truly a good hidden trump card…’

‘However, that won’t be enough to defeat Tianyu!’

Gao Tianyu was briefly surprised by her show of strength, but he quickly adjusted himself. Then, a layer of dazzling red surrounded his body, as his cultivation level soared. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At the cost of burning his blood essence, he had raised his cultivation to the ninth level of the materialization realm as well. Furthermore, he had reached the point where he could be called a half-step void realm cultivator.

Boom!

At this moment, the table beside Yuelun instantly turned into fine powder, and her beautiful eyes were filled with rage.

‘A secret technique that burns life force. This is a forbidden technique!’

Gao Shun actually resorted to such unscrupulous means in order to win the Seven Peaks competition!

In terms of aura at least, his cultivation level had suppressed Zhuge Yueyue’s.

However, since Gao Tianyu had not comprehended the power of the laws, he did not break through to the void realm.

“A forbidden technique?” Seeing this, Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes.

He suddenly remembered that there was indeed a forbidden technique in the Great Wilderness Divine sect. However, because this secret technique was too extreme, it could easily cause irreparable damage to one’s cultivation foundation.

Therefore, the chiefs of the Great Wilderness Divine sect had come to a consensus that they would never allow the disciples of the various peaks to cultivate this secret technique.

However, the consensus was only a verbal agreement between the chiefs. It was not explicitly forbidden in the Great Wilderness Divine sect.

Judging from Gongsun Shouyue’s expression, he did not seem to be too affected.

After all, Gao Tianyu was Gao Shun’s son. If Gao Shun was not bothered about the risk, why should they, as outsiders, care?