Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

467 The Power Of The Hell Slash

“Mm, this forbidden technique is interesting. However, it doesn’t allow one to bridge the realm gap and break through.”

Ye Xuan calmly analyzed what he was seeing.

“You’re still so calm. Aren’t you worried about your disciple at all? As a teacher, you really are…”

Rather than him, Yuelun was the one worried.

Ye Xuan smiled and did not say anything.

At this moment, Zhuge Yueyue also noticed the change in Gao Tianyu’s aura. The Cloud Sky Sword, which had been ready to unleash a heavenly slash, ground to a halt.

“It seems like you want to decide the winner with a single move!”

Zhuge Yueyue looked at Gao Tianyu and smiled.

She suddenly felt that Ye Xuan’s actions before the Seven Peaks competition were prophetic in nature.

If she had relied on her previous abilities to face Gao Tianyu, she would have lost.

“Did Teacher teach me the hell slash technique in preparation for this situation?” Zhuge Yueyue muttered to herself.

“Hmph! It doesn’t matter what secret technique or divine power you use. I’ll break them all!”

As soon as she finished speaking, the Cloud Sky Sword started to emit a strange blood-red light. Her profound ice divine bone was activated, and the power of ice generated by the Nine Serenities of Frost technique was fully unleashed.

The extreme cold aura, coupled with the strange blood energy, could even penetrate the soul of a cultivator.

The surroundings suddenly darkened, and a crack suddenly appeared in the sky that turned into a huge bloody mouth, which swallowed and spat out terrifying power that seemed like it would devour everything.

Everything became eerily silent.

Mu Beichen’s expression was extremely serious, and his fists were already clenched. His eyes fell on the white figure in the sky, and his heart was already in turmoil.

“What a terrifying sword technique! What grade of divine power is this?”

At the same time, Gongsun Shouyue, Elder Tongtian, Gao Shun, and Yuelun all stood up in shock.

As mystic lord realm experts, they could clearly sense the terrifying power this divine power contained. The blood energy that was gushing out could corrode anything and everything!

The barrier around the arena seemed like it would break at any time.

“Hell slash!”

Zhuge Yueyue hovered in the sky as the Cloud Sky Sword transformed into a sword that seemed like it had emerged from the depths of hell itself.

Then, that sword descended toward Gao Tianyu.

The huge bloody mouth was also about to swallow Gao Tianyu.

Gao Tianyu’s expression changed drastically when he saw this, and his body trembled. Even though his cultivation level was now higher than hers, he felt as if this attack was the Grim Reaper’s scythe, here to take his soul into hell.

It was a terrifying sword technique that was unparalleled!

Compared to it, his forbidden technique was nothing at all!

“Tianyu, quickly admit defeat!”

Gao Shun cried out with an anxious expression. He had no way of knowing that Zhuge Yueyue had cultivated such a terrifying sword technique.

“Admit defeat?”

“Am I really going to lose to a cultivator who has only been cultivating for three months?”

It was as if Gao Tianyu did not hear Gao Shun’s words. He raised his extremely pale face and looked at the hell slash technique that was descending upon him.

In the face of death, Gao Tianyu’s face became more determined.

“No! I will never admit defeat!”

“I want to stand! I want to fight!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Gao Tianyu roared at the sky. The Azure Sword in his hand shone brilliantly, and erupted with overbearing sword qi as he swung it toward the hell slash.

Boom!

Two extremely powerful forces collided fiercely, and the barrier, which was already full of cracks, suddenly shattered.

In that instant, the shockwaves swept out in all directions, causing panic among the crowd.

At the critical moment, Gongsun Shouyue waved his sleeve, and a surge of spiritual power swept out, instantly dissolving the shockwaves.

At the same time, Gao Shun turned into a streak of light and flew through the sky. He carefully caught the heavily injured Gao Tianyu and took out a healing pill for him to consume.

After a long time, Gao Tianyu opened his eyes with difficulty. He looked at his father’s extremely worried expression and felt guilty.

“Father, I’m sorry. I didn’t win the match for Hidden Sword peak.”

When Gao Shun heard that, he felt like crying. His heart was filled with mixed emotions and he did not know how to reply.

“Tianyu, you really are a silly child!”

“Your life is more valuable than the competition. Although you lost, I witnessed with my own eyes how fearless you were just now!”

“You truly are a worthy son of the Gao family. Good job,” Gao Shun consoled him.

At this moment, he realized that his own pride and the dignity of Hidden Sword peak could not be compared to the safety of his precious son.

Moreover, the reason why he had been fighting with Ye Xuan until now was only because of the grievances between the two peaks. This was a grudge between him and Ye Xuan, so why did he involve the younger generation?

The moment he realized this, Gao Shun’s heart was filled with regret. If he had known earlier, he would not have dragged these children in.

He had thought that the Seven Peaks competition would be able to end the thousands of years of bad blood between the two peaks. He did not expect to almost lose his precious son.

Gao Shun raised his head and looked at Ye Xuan, his expression displaying the complicated emotions he felt.

At this moment, Ye Xuan flicked his sleeve and turned into a streak of light, also arriving at the arena.

...

Seeing Gao Shun’s complicated expression, Ye Xuan suddenly had an idea.

Ye Xuan immediately took out a pill from his storage ring and handed it to Gao Shun.

“Senior Brother Gao, this elixir is a special healing pill from Cloud Sky peak. Hurry up and have Tianyu take it!”

“You…”

When Gao Shun saw this, his expression froze.

He thought that Ye Xuan had come to mock him, but it turned out that he was completely wrong.

“Senior Brother Gao, this is a grudge between the chiefs of our peaks, and also a problem between us. Why should we involve the juniors?”

“If Senior Brother really can’t let it go, I’ll be waiting for you at Cloud Sky peak.”