Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

469 Adulation

“Whoa… Isn’t this too f*cking lucky?”

When Ye Xuan saw the system’s description of the yellow soul divine pill, he could no longer remain calm.

Not only were these immortal-grade pills, but they could also bring the dead back to life. In that case, with these ten pills, would he not have ten lives?

This was really great!

!!

All in all, in this Seven Peaks competition, Ye Xuan could be said to have gained a lot, and that was enough to make him overjoyed. However, he still projected an outwardly calm appearance.

At this moment, Yuelun walked over.

“Congratulations, Junior Brother Ye! You’ve led Cloud Sky peak to jump from last place to first!”

Her words were filled with envy.

In short, no one would dare to look down on Cloud Sky peak anymore. It was not only related to Ye Xuan, as Zhuge Yueyue, who was now considered the strongest among the younger generation below the void realm.

Her final sword strike had been deeply imprinted in everyone’s minds.

“I was just lucky!”

Ye Xuan nodded lightly, unassuming.

At this moment, Gongsun Shouyue smiled and said in a clear voice, “Everyone, this Seven Peaks competition has now come to an end. The disciples who lost should not be discouraged. Cultivate even more diligently to redeem yourselves in the future.”

“The path of cultivation is long. As long as you work hard, you’ll definitely be able to get a good ranking in the next Seven Peaks competition!”

“Yes, Sect Master,” everyone said in unison.

After Gongsun Shouyue announced the end of the competition, Ye Xuan turned to Zhuge Yueyue, who had completely recovered from her internal injuries after absorbing the pill’s medicinal power.

“Teacher…”

Zhuge Yueyue slowly raised her pale face and looked straight at Ye Xuan, a bright smile on her face.

Over the past three months, Zhuge Yueyue had been enduring the humiliation in her heart and cultivating with all of her might so that she could redeem her teacher’s and Cloud Sky peak’s dignity.

Looking at the envious gazes of the people around her, Zhuge Yueyue did not swell with pride. She knew very well that she was able to get to where she was today all because of her teacher.

“Silly girl, you did well this time. I’m proud of you,” Ye Xuan touched Zhuge Yueyue’s head with a gentle look and said softly.

When Zhuge Yueyue heard that, she smiled so widely that her eyes turned into crescents.

The happiest thing in the world for her was to be able to get her teacher’s approval.

Just then, a slightly lonely figure walked over to them.

This person was Gao Shun. He looked at Ye Xuan and Zhuge Yueyue with a complicated expression.

After taking a deep breath, Gao Shun opened his mouth and said, “Congratulations, Junior Brother Ye, for successfully leading Cloud Sky peak to victory. You… you win…”

As soon as he finished speaking, Gao Shun took out a top-grade earth-rank magic artifact, which was a set of flying needles.

Gao Shun immediately handed it to Ye Xuan.

“I’m willing to accept my loss. This set of flying needles is yours!”

After giving him the flying needles, Gao Shun turned around and left.

Ye Xuan’s lips curled into a smile. He then turned to Zhuge Yueyue and handed her the flying needles.

“Little girl, if it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have won this bet. This set of flying needles belongs to you.”

When Zhuge Yueyue was stunned.

“Teacher, I already have the Cloud Sky Sword. Why don’t you keep it for yourself? Or maybe give it to Xiyun?”

Ye Xuan smiled and waved his hand.

“Don’t worry about it. Having more is always better. Who knows? It might come in handy for you in the future.”

“Xiyun doesn’t need any magic artifacts at all. The hellfire technique she cultivates is her strongest weapon!”

When she heard this, Zhuge Yueyue stopped resisting and took the flying needles. In any case, it was a gift from her teacher, so she would definitely cherish it.

When the crowd saw this, their faces were filled with envy.

The scene was simply too envious, jealous, and hateful!

“Oh my God, isn’t Chief Ye Xuan being too generous to her? Those are top-grade earth-rank flying needles! Why don’t I have such a good teacher?”

“Don’t say anymore. It’s really infuriating to compare ourselves with her!”

Everyone’s hearts were filled with admiration and envy.

What could they do? They were not disciples of Cloud Sky peak, and many of them were not even disciples of the seven peaks. They were just ordinary outer sect cultivators.

Among the crowd, Xiao Feng’s eyes fell on Zhuge Yueyue’s beautiful figure, who was the center of attention at the moment. His heart was filled with mixed feelings.

He had been the center of attention when he joined the Great Wilderness Divine sect, while she had been left by the wayside. However, the tables had turned now. No one cared about him.

How had this happened in just three months?

In addition to Xiao Feng, Li Xue’er also had her head lowered, her face full of disappointment.

She also yearned to be like Zhuge Yueyue and enjoy the attention of everyone in the arena. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They were clearly from the same village, but their fates were completely different.

Perhaps from today onward, she and Zhuge Yueyue would be in two completely different worlds.