Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

471  Chaos Innate Divine Fruit

After returning to his room, Ye Xuan sorted out the treasures he had obtained from the Seven Peaks competition.

This included the divine fruit of the Great Dao that he had been anticipating.

Ye Xuan looked at Zhuge Yueyue with a smile.

"My precious disciple, you've already broken through to the ninth level of the materialization realm. You can use the power of this divine fruit to comprehend the power of the laws."

"Perhaps it won't be long before you reach the void realm."

Ye Xuan did not hesitate at all. He immediately placed the divine fruit of the Great Dao in Zhuge Yueyue's hand and said, "In any case, you were the one who won this honor for Cloud Sky peak, so it should belong to you."

Hearing this, Zhuge Yueyue looked at the divine fruit in her hand in shock.

Her teacher had actually given her such a precious treasure?

The reason why she wanted to win the Seven Peaks competition was because she believed that Ye Xuan was interested in the divine fruit of the Great Dao. That was why she had tried so hard.

However, he was now giving it to her instead?

What was going on?

Sure, she was currently stuck at the ninth level of the materialization realm for the time being, but she knew with time, she would be able to comprehend the power of the laws and break through to the void realm.

In that case, was Ye Xuan giving it to her to save her time?

Zhuge Yueyue's heart was filled with gratitude, but she was also conflicted.

After thinking for a while, Zhuge Yueyue handed the divine fruit back with a determined look.

"Teacher, Yueyue can't accept this divine fruit!"

"I'm afraid I won't be able to repay Teacher's kindness for the rest of my life. Furthermore, this divine fruit was something that I wanted to fight for and give you."

"Teacher, you are already a mystic lord realm expert. If you refine it, you will be able to make the most of it. Don't waste it on me."

Zhuge Yueyue shook her head firmly.

Although refining the divine fruit of the Great Dao would help her reach the void realm, it was also useful to her teacher. There was no way she could be so selfish as to use it for herself.

Ye Xuan felt both comforted and amused by this.

His disciple was truly filial!

However, if she did not take it, he would not get the system's reward.

However, Ye Xuan's gaze then softened again.

22:53

"Although the effects of this divine fruit are great, it's not very useful to me."

Ye Xuan deliberately put on a stern face and said seriously, "I have made my own decision, and I will not take it back. Are you going to disobey my words?"

When Zhuge Yueyue saw this, she panicked.

She had never seen her teacher with such a stern expression ever since she entered Cloud Sky peak.

However, Ye Xuan's gaze then softened again.

"Although the effects of this divine fruit are great, it's not very useful to me."

"Little girl, I have high hopes for you. Only by constantly improving your strength can you become the true representative of Cloud Sky peak and spread its fame all over the world."

"Don't let me down, Yueyue!"

Ye Xuan's words were clearly effective, as Zhuge Yueyue was crying her heart out.

She was already extremely satisfied with her current achievements, but her teacher still had great expectations for her..

If she did not take the fruit, she would definitely make her teacher sad.

After hesitating for a long time, Zhuge Yueyue accepted the divine fruit with tears in her eyes.

"Don't worry, Teacher. I will definitely not let you down!"

Seeing that this girl had finally accepted the divine fruit, Ye Xuan inwardly heaved a sigh of relief. He really had to dial in the theatrics that time.

Ye Xuan waved at Zhuge Yueyue.

"In that case, you should go back and have a good rest. After you've completely stabilized the condition of your body, you can absorb this divine fruit and try to break through to the void realm."

"En!" Zhuge Yueyue nodded her head obediently and left with the divine fruit in hand, her face full of reluctance.

The moment Zhuge Yueyue left, the system's notification rang out.

"Ding! As the host has given his disciple a top-grade earth-rank magic artifact, a set of flying needles, the host has received a randomized 10,000x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained a divine-rank magic artifact, the Torrential Pear Blossom needles!"

"Ding! As the host has given his disciple the divine fruit of the Great Dao, the host has received a randomized 10,000x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained the innate chaos divine fruit!"

"F*ck! Two 10,000x reward multipliers! I've made a fortune this time!"

Seeing this, Ye Xuan was extremely excited. This upgraded system was the best thing ever!

He did not expect that after the Cloud Heaven Sword, he would get another divine-rank magic artifact.

Then, Ye Xuan's eyes fell on the innate chaos divine fruit. It was formed by the purest spiritual energy in the world, and it was as good as an immortal-grade treasure.

However, the only flaw was that the fruit did not contain immortal energy.

Of course, if he could refine the pure energy within it, he might be able to break through to the supreme realm.

Once a cultivator broke through to the supreme realm, as long as their soul was not destroyed, they could instantly recover from any serious injuries, even if they lost an arm or a leg. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

In truth, they were not much different from unity realm experts from the Tianyuan continent. However, one was from a lower-plane, while the other was from a middle-plane. The energy levels

of the two planes were different, so naturally there would be some differences.