482 Another Princess?

They had come here with such fanfare, but had to leave in a sorry state, which would definitely make them a laughingstock in the Haihan divine empire.

Furthermore, as the second prince of the Haihai divine empire, Bei Xuantian’s status was extremely volatile. If the marriage alliance was ruined, the consequences would be…

Bei Moyan looked at Ye Xuan deeply, and then sighed helplessly.

“Xuantian.. We only have one choice left!”

!!

“What is it?” Bei Xuantian’s eyes lit up upon hearing this, as if he had found a way out.

“Give up on Princess Feng Xiyun and choose another princess to marry.”

“This…”

Bei Xuantian’s eyes were filled with unwillingness.

He had already looked through all the portraits of the princesses of the Yangli divine empire. The one he was most satisfied with was Feng Xiyun.

He had thought that he would be able to return with a beautiful wife after coming to the Yangli divine empire, but he had not expected…

His heart was filled with dissatisfaction, but he had no place to vent his frustration.

Bei Xuantian gritted his teeth in anger at the thought of giving up, and his expression darkened.

Seeing this, Bei Moyan patted his shoulder helplessly.

“Xuantian, anyone who wants to achieve great things must first learn to overcome defeat. I know you’re unwilling to accept this, but this is our only choice.”

“In any case, the empires have not announced the identities of the marriage partners, so as long as you marry a princess, the ministers and court members will not criticize you.”

Bei Xuantian took a deep breath, and then nodded.

In the face of absolute power, yielding was the only option.

However, the seed of hatred had also been planted in his heart. If he were the crown prince of the Haihan divine empire, would he have had to suffer such humiliation?

Everything… It was all because of power!

He had to obtain absolute power so that he could control everything in the world.

When Bei Moyan saw this, he shook his head in heartache. However, he could do nothing about it.

After all, who would have guessed that Feng Xiyun would end up becoming Ye Xuan’s disciple. Princesses were normally not allowed to leave the palace, so having one join a top holy land was unprecedented.

“Alright! This marriage alliance will end here. I will not repeat myself again.”

“As for what your two empires plan to do after this, I couldn’t care less. However, my disciple is not allowed to become anyone’s bargaining chip.”

“If you are dissatisfied with this, feel free to look for me at Cloud Sky peak at any time,” Ye Xuan said lightly.

At this moment, Ye Xuan walked over to Feng Wenyue. He looked at the crown prince, who exuded an aura of majesty and held the fate of the empire, with satisfaction.

Feng Xiyun had said before that the reason why she was able to leave the palace was mostly because of her brother, the crown prince.

“You’ve done very well!”

Feng Wenyue’s eyes lit up when he heard this.

“Feng Wenyue greets Chief Ye Xuan!” Feng Wenyue politely bowed.

“Mm! That girl Xiyun often talks about you. Seeing you in person today…. It seems that you truly have the bearing of a future ruler.”

“Chief Ye Xuan, you’re too kind! Such praise is unwarranted.”

Seeing this, Ye Xuan was even more surprised. He did not expect this guy to be so calm in the face of flattery. It seemed that he had a steady character.

The Yangli divine empire had an outstanding successor.

Ye Xuan did not say anything else and turned to look at Su Changhe. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Let’s go!”

“Alright!” Su Changhe nodded eagerly, and then glared at Bei Xuantian arrogantly before following Ye Xuan.

Seeing the two of them leave, Feng Wenyue smiled.

“As expected of the chief of Cloud Sky peak! Chief Tian Xuan has an excellent successor. I wonder if Chief Ye Xuan can surpass Chief Tian Xuan…”

Although it seemed unlikely, he was still very optimistic about Ye Xuan’s chances.

After all, Ye Xuan was so young, and his cultivation talent and potential had not been exhausted. It looked like he would reach the supreme realm at any time.

It might take a thousand years, but there was a chance that Ye Xuan could reach the ancient realm. As for the legendary sealed immortal realm, that was something no one dared to consider.

After all, in the past 10,000 years, although countless outstanding geniuses had appeared within the human race, no one had ever been able to break through and reach the sealed immortal realm.

“Your Highness, perhaps we can use the princess’s relationship to get in touch with Cloud Sky peak. If we can forge a good relationship with the Great Wilderness Divine sect, your position in the Yangli divine empire will definitely be more secure,” Feng Tiangang suggested.

“Mm, that’s reasonable!” Feng Wenyue nodded in agreement.

Although he was now the crown prince of the Yangli divine empire, and his status could be said to be above everyone else, there were many princes in the royal palace. If he could obtain the support of the powerful expert, not only would it stabilize his position as the crown prince, but it would also be of great help to him when he inherited the empire in the future.

‘It seems like I’ll have to pay a visit to Cloud Sky peak in the future to see how Xiyun is doing.’

Feng Wenyue’s gaze then landed on Bei Xuantian.

Now that Ye Xuan and Su Changhe had left, it meant that the conflict had been resolved. In any case, the royal status of people like him and Bei Xuantian were meaningless to the top experts of sects like the Great Wilderness Divine sect.

“Your Highness, since the matter has been resolved, please come with me.”

“My father has already prepared a big gift in the palace and is waiting for you both. As for the details of the marriage alliance, when the two of you arrive at the palace, my father will naturally give you an explanation.”

Actually, Feng Wenyue was not interested in either of them, but he still had to carry out the mission his father had given him.

As for what would happen after that, it had nothing to do with him.

...