Chapter 6: Spiritual Power Infusion

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When Lu Yanran stepped onto Lingjiu Peak, she had a mixed expression on her face.

She was full of excitement but also a little nervous.

“Master.”

As soon as Lu Yanran arrived on the peak, she saw that Ye Xuan was already waiting for her in the courtyard.

She hurriedly bowed to him.

“Now that you have become my disciple, you don’t need to wear the kind of clothes handyman disciples wear. You can go to the Cantonese school later and get a set of clothing exclusive to personal disciples!”

Ye Xuan looked at Lu Yanran’s plain clothes and immediately told her she could change them.

“As you command, master!” Lu Yanran said obediently.

In the Qingyun sect, disciples were divided into different levels. From the lowest-ranking to the highest-ranking, there were handyman disciples, exterior disciples, interior disciples, and personal disciples.

Disciples of different levels also had different clothing.

Hearing this, Ye Xuan could not help but smile and nod. He soon spoke again.

“Today, I will open up your meridians and pour wisdom into your body!”

...... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye Xuan’s seemingly casual words stunned Lu Yanran.

Lu Yanran’s body could not help but begin to tremble in the next second.

‘Is what master is saying true? Is he really going to pour his spiritual power into my body?’

Although her strength was weak, she was certainly not unknowledgeable.

After she finished her cultivation for the day, she would go to the scripture depository within the sect to read books. She had used up almost all of her allowed time there as a handyman disciple.

It was because of this that Lu Yanran knew exactly what spiritual power being poured into a body meant.

In layman’s terms, a cultivator with a high cultivation base would give their cultivation base to some weaker cultivators. In other words, it meant that the spiritual power that they had painstakingly cultivated could be given to others for free.

Generally speaking, the spiritual power after being enlightened would be completely lost, and the initial cultivator with a high cultivation base would only be able to replenish this part of their lost spiritual power through cultivation in the future.

It was a purely altruistic concept, and almost no cultivator actually chose to do it.

After all, for cultivators, time was extremely precious. The cultivation in their bodies had been obtained through arduous work. Unless one was a fool, otherwise, no one would give their cultivation to others for free.

Even if they were blood relatives, it was very rare for spiritual power to be infused into someone else.

Under normal circumstances, only cultivators who were in a desperate situation and knew that they were doomed would impart their spiritual power to their loved ones or to extremely important people.

No matter what, this imparting was a great favor, almost equivalent to raising someone ever since they were a baby.

It was precisely because of this that Lu Yanran felt extremely shocked. She was completely stunned and could not think straight.

Spiritual power infusion?

If Ye Xuan really did this, her strength would be greatly improved. Even if her aptitude was average, her cultivation would still undergo a tremendous change after that.

“Master...”

For a moment, Lu Yanran’s voice choked with sobs, and her eyes turned red as she hid them.

Ye Xuan treated her so well. How could she repay him? Moreover, it was already enough of a blessing to be his personal discipline. What had she done to deserve even more special treatment from him?

“No matter what you did before, now that you’re my disciple, you naturally won’t be mistreated!” Ye Xuan said calmly.

In the eyes of outsiders, spiritual energy instillation was a bad thing that did not give one any personal benefits. Basically, no cultivator would ever choose to do it.

However, for Ye Xuan, this was completely beneficial and without harm.

After all, he had an apprentice feedback system. Every bit of spiritual power he taught would be returned at the lowest multiple. The more apprentices he took in, the higher the amount of feedback he would receive.

In short, he would not be at a disadvantage.

Of course, Ye Xuan would not randomly take in apprentices because of this. Although he did not value talent, he still attached great importance to the character of his apprentices.

“Follow me!”

Ye Xuan looked at Lu Yanran indifferently and then walked into the hall.

“Yes, master!”

Lu Yanran held back her tears that were about to fall and followed Ye Xuan with a face full of gratitude.

Since her parents passed away, no one had ever treated her so well. She did not expect to meet such a good master in her lifetime.

Soon, Lu Yanran came to the hall, still behind Ye Xuan.

The hall was very wide. There were five or six futons inside it. This was where Ye Xuan usually secluded himself.

Then, under Ye Xuan’s signal, Lu Yanran came to a futon and slowly sat down. Ye Xuan sat down behind her.

At the same time, a few lines of words appeared in Ye Xuan’s field of vision.

Of course, no one other than him else could see this virtual font.

[Comprehension Value: 234]

[Innate Bone Value: 25]

[Kendama Body: not yet activated (can be activated with Star Sword Grass)]

This was the function of the disciple feedback system. He could see clearly his disciple’s talent.

This so-called talent referred to the cultivator’s comprehension value and innate bone value.

Comprehension value, in layman’s terms, was the cultivator’s understanding of Heaven and earth. The higher the comprehension, the higher the cultivator’s understanding. Thus, their cultivation speed would be extremely fast.

Not only that, but it would also be of great help to the cultivator’s later comprehension of power, such as sword intent.

Cultivators with poor comprehension would have to spend more time comprehending the power of Heaven and Earth, and their success rate would still be extremely low.

The ‘innate bone value’ referred to a cultivator’s physique. After all, everyone had a different physique.

Some cultivators were naturally very friendly to the spiritual energy of Heaven and Earth. With the help of the system, they could cultivate twice as much as others with half the energy. Other cultivators might have to spend three to four years to break through, but they would only need a few months to do so.

“Your bone and comprehension value are pretty average!” Ye Xuan could not help but exclaim upon seeing this.

No wonder Lu Yanran worked so hard. Her current cultivation was only at the fourth stage of the refinement state.

When Ye Xuan saw Lu Yanran’s special physique, he could not help but narrow his eyes.

Presumably, activating the Kendama Body would greatly improve Lu Yanran’s bone value. It seemed that he would need to spend some time to find this sword star grass.

After all, after Lu Yanran activated her special constitution, he could also receive some feedback points.

“Abandon concentration and immerse your spiritual energy in the present!”

Just as Lu Yanran’s face filled with nervousness, Ye Xuan’s voice rang out.

Lu Yanran hurriedly closed her eyes. Her entire essence, qi, and spirit instantly gathered together, slowly absorbing the spiritual energy flowing between Heaven and Earth into her.

Buzz!

In the next second, Ye Xuan’s palm suddenly pressed against Lu Yanran’s back. Spiritual qi surged out of his body and slowly poured into her core.

“Is... master’s power so terrifying?”

When Lu Yanran felt this vast power, she could barely calm herself down.