Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 7: One Disciple Is Not Enough

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Quickly restrain your mind and carefully comprehend my power. Absorb it all!”

Just as Lu Yanran was getting lost in a daze, Ye Xuan’s voice sounded again.

Her eyes grew a little ashamed before she quickly stabilized her mind.

However, because the gap between their realms was too big, Ye Xuan was forced to slow down the speed of his transmission of spiritual power.

After all, Lu Yanran’s meridians were too weak. If too much spiritual power was transferred to her at once, it was very likely that her meridians would be damaged.

As he transmitted this spiritual power, Ye Xuan also paid attention to Lu Yanran’s condition. After all, spiritual power infusion was no small matter. He had to constantly control his speed of transmission.

This was closely related to Lu Yanran’s condition. If her meridians were saturated, then he would have to reduce his speed.

Of course, even if Lu Yanran could completely withstand his power, he could not blindly output all the spiritual power in his body.

After all, he could not confirm the exact multiple of the system’s feedback. Although the probability of a high multiple was very low, if it really happened, it would be a disaster for Ye Xuan.

The reason was very simple. If Lu Yanran withstood all of Ye Xuan’s power and suddenly received hundreds or even thousands of times the feedback, Ye Xuan’s current meridians would definitely not be able to take it.

Even if Ye Xuan barely pulled through this terrifying force, his meridians would still suffer a lot, and it might very well affect his foundation in the future.

“This one disciple isn’t enough. I have to take in more disciples. When the time comes, I’ll use each of them. With enough time, I’ll definitely break through very quickly!”

......

Ye Xuan continued to transfer his spiritual power to Lu Yanran as he thought about this seriously.

If he irrigated all his disciples with his spiritual power, even if he received a high rate of feedback, he would be able to easily withstand the power and not damage his foundation.

After all, if he had very few disciples, even if the rate was high, it would be within his tolerance range.

Moreover, he could also find some more disciples to help him out. With that, he would be able to have many breakthroughs in a very short period of time, and his future would be set.

With Ye Xuan’s surging spiritual power, Lu Yanran soon broke through in her cultivation.

After becoming a cultivator, the first realm one would face was the refinement realm.

Across the vast and boundless Tianyuan Continent, everyone had innate qi in their bodies, but its location was obscure.

If one wanted to become a true cultivator, one had to locate the innate qi in their body, then slowly circulate it around their body according to the cultivation circulation technique.

After performing the cultivation circulation technique, the innate qi in the cultivator’s body would gradually grow stronger. This would then evolve into a more innate strength, which would then strengthen the cultivator’s meridians and flesh.

The refinement state was divided into ten stages. Every time a cultivator broke through a small stage, the strength of the qi and force in their body would double, and their physicality would also be strengthened.

When the cultivator’s core and meridians were filled with the strength of their qi, it meant that the cultivator’s cultivation had broken through to the tenth stage of the refinement state.

If a cultivator at such a level was on Earth, they would have power akin to a Transformer. They would be able to tear apart a small building with just their bare hands.

When the energy filled a cultivator’s core, their spiritual power would completely penetrate their meridians. From then on, the cultivator would be able to sense the spiritual power that existed between Heaven and Earth.

Thus, using the cultivation method taught by the sect, the spiritual power between heaven and earth would be absorbed into one’s core. This state was called qi transformation state.

Compared to the previous qi transformation force, the spiritual power flowing between Heaven and Earth was undoubtedly of a higher level, and it had a stronger effect on the cultivator’s physique.

After absorbing enough spiritual power of Heaven and Earth, one could even expand the space in one’s core.

The qi transformation state also had ten realms.

Ye Xuan’s current realm was the true core realm. The power in his body was of a higher level than the spiritual power of Heaven and Earth, so there was no need to say anything more.

He transferred his power to Lu Yanran. The speed of the realm breakthrough that he catalyzed within her could not be imagined.

“Fourth stage of the refinement state!”

“Fifth stage...”

“Sixth stage...”

Lu Yanran felt like her cultivation was going through some crazy breakthroughs. The most important thing was that the power she obtained was not superficial at all and had no effect on her foundation.

The reason for this was very simple. When Lu Yanran broke through a minor stage, Ye Xuan would carefully compress the power in her body and use his spiritual power to stabilize her foundation.

For a moment, Lu Yanran’s heart was filled with gratitude.

In the entire Qingyun sect, which cultivator’s master would ever do such a thing?

Forget the Qingyun sect—she had read stories of cultivators in ancient books and had never come across such a selfless teacher before.

However, it was also possible that she did not have too much experience and had not seen all kinds of things, but no matter what, her heart was still filled with gratitude for Ye Xuan.

“After I get revenge for my family, I will serve my master for the rest of my life!”

This young girl, who was in the prime of her life, silently made a vow in her heart.

Ye Xuan did not know what Lu Yanran was thinking, but he was very serious about transferring his own power to her.

Soon, Lu Yanran was breaking through at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The seventh stage of the refinement state...

Eighth stage... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ninth stage...

Tenth stage...

When the power of qi ran through Lu Yanran, her meridians were instantly opened up. At the same time, she could feel the spiritual power flowing between Heaven and Earth.

Ye Xuan instantly increased the speed of transmission of spiritual power. He used his own power to guide the power in Lu Yanran’s body, slowly circulating it and absorbing the spiritual power flowing between Heaven and Earth through her.

The first stage of the qi transformation state.

The second stage of the qi transformation state.

The third stage of the qi transformation state.

...

One was very serious in transmitting his spiritual power, while the other was very serious in refining the former’s spiritual power.

This pair did not notice the passage of time at all.

When Lu Yanran entered the eighth stage of the qi transformation state, the speed of her breakthrough also slowly slowed down.

Ye Xuan also noticed the change. It was obvious that the spiritual power infusion was about to reach its limit.

Of course, this was related to Lu Yanran’s bones. If Lu Yanran’s bones were stronger, she might be able to accept more power.

Soon, after Lu Yanran’s cultivation entered the ninth stage of the qi transformation state, Ye Xuan stopped the transmission of power!

If he continued to transfer his power, Lu Yanran would naturally break through again, but this would damage her foundation and affect her meridians.

Although he wanted more feedback points, he would not ruin his disciple’s future because of this.