Chapter 8: The Kind That Comes Once a Month

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Ha!

Lu Yanran slowly opened her eyes. After sensing the surging power in her body, her eyes grew extremely excited.

She never thought that she would one day break through from the fourth stage of the strength training state to the ninth stage of the qi transformation state. This was simply unimaginable. She felt like she could totally beat up hundreds of clones of her previous self without breaking a sweat.

Most importantly, not only had her cultivation crossed over into the ninth stage of the qi transformation state, but her foundation was also extremely stable without the slightest bit of weakness.

The most important thing for her to do now was to completely familiarize herself with the power in her body.

However, because her foundation was extremely stable, Lu Yanran only needed to spend a few days to completely grasp the power in her body.

[Ding! Because the host has been transferring cultivation power to his disciple for a month, he has received fifteen times the feedback. Critical hit! Congratulations, the host has obtained 450 days’ worth of cultivation!]

The system’s voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan’s mind.

Rumble!

In an instant, the power contained in Ye Xuan’s core skyrocketed. He was now only half a step away from the middle stage of the true core state!

“It’s so nice cheating. The speed at which my cultivation breaks through is amazing!”

Ye Xuan noticed the changes in his body, and his eyes could not help but shine with a golden light. He could not help but smile.

......

With his current strength, he only needed to spend a moment to completely grasp his new level of power.

With 450 days’ worth of cultivation, after deducting the loss of a month from the transmission of power, he had profited with 420 extra days of cultivation!

With just one spiritual power transmission, he had gained more than a year’s worth of cultivation.

“I didn’t expect that 400 days of cultivation wouldn’t be able to help me reach the next state. The further I get, the harder it is for me to break through!”

Thinking of this, Ye Xuan could not help but sigh.

At his current state, one day of cultivation gained through the system was equivalent to one day of cultivation gained from closed-door training.

Due to the difference in states, the amount of cultivation obtained was also different.

After all, although it was the same amount of cultivation done in one day, the cultivation of the qi transformation state and the true essence state were completely different.

To give an example, if Lu Yanran wanted to get to the ninth stage of the qi transformation state, it would have taken her at least six to seven years to break through with her own efforts.

However, with the transfer of Ye Xuan’s spiritual power, she only needed to spend a month to reach the true essence state.

“From now on, I will irrigate your spiritual power every month!”

Ye Xuan stood up and said to Lu Yanran.

Now that he had tasted the sweetness of spiritual power infusion, how could he miss this opportunity? Moreover, if he took in two disciples and irrigated his spiritual power once, he would be able to immediately enter the middle stage of the true essence state.

“What?”

Lu Yanran, who was still trying to control her new power, was stunned.

Spiritual power infusion once a month? Was master serious?

Lu Yanran was petrified.

Ye Xuan’s methods shocked her. Whether it was the third-grade soul-returning pill or this spiritual power infusion, he had completely exceeded her expectations. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Lu Yanran had indeed fantasized about one day becoming a disciple of a master cultivator.

However, she had never dared to imagine that she would receive such treatment.

Ye Xuan’s words almost scared her silly!

Spiritual power infusion once a month? Even her own father would never be so good to her, right?

“Master, I...”

For a moment, Lu Yanran’s eyes could not help but redden. Two streams of clear tears flowed down her beautiful face.

“You don’t have to be so touched. If you slack off with your cultivation because of this, you won’t be able to enjoy such treatment in the future!”

Ye Xuan looked at Lu Yanran, who was moved to tears, and spoke slowly.

However, he was somewhat helpless himself. After all, he was no selfless saint. Infusing Lu Yanran with his own cultivation was just to obtain feedback points from the system.

He would not do something that would not benefit him. Of course, he also knew what the infusion of spiritual energy in the Tianyuan Continent represented.

Normally, no father would do this for even their own child.

After all, the cultivation lost with infusion was permanent. It could only be recovered through cultivation from scratch.

On Tianyuan Continent, the strong preyed on the weak, and the strong ruled. No cultivator would selflessly donate their cultivation.

Ye Xuan’s methods had undoubtedly surpassed an ordinary master-disciple relationship. Even partners, might never be so nice to each other.

Just one infusion of spiritual power had already touched Lu Yanran so much, let alone the future monthly infusions.

Bam.

Lu Yanran suddenly knelt down in front of Ye Xuan, pressing her pure white forehead hard against the ground.

“I understand master’s kindness, and I will definitely remember master’s kindness after my rebirth. I will definitely serve master well for the rest of my life!”

Lu Yanran’s body trembled slightly as she said this, her eyes filled with determination.

Other than her parents, she had never had anyone treat her so well before.

Lu Yanran’s story was very tragic. She used to live in a small mountain village and had no worries in life. However, one day, bandits suddenly attacked her village.

The bandits cruelly massacred the entire village. She was one of the lucky survivors.

After going through all kinds of hardships, she finally joined the Qingyun sect and became a handyman disciple.

However, because she did not have a good backer in the sect, and because she had a strong constitution, Lu Yanran was subjected to endless looks of disdain and bullying.

Although she did not seem to care much on the surface, she felt extremely wronged in her heart. Every night when she was falling asleep, she would suffer alone.

Lu Yanran had sworn back then that she would work hard to cultivate and become a disciple of a senior with a high cultivation. She would learn how to kill those bandits.

However, she knew very well that her innate ability was very mediocre. It was almost impossible for her to become a disciple of a senior in the sect. Just when she thought that she would only be a handyman disciple for the rest of her life, she met Ye Xuan.

Ye Xuan was like a beam of light, shining brightness into her dark life and bringing her out of her shell.

“Silly girl, don’t kneel when you see master again in the future!” Ye Xuan reached out and gently lifted Lu Yanran up. A gentle force immediately helped her up, and even Ye Xuan’s voice grew gentle.

“I have something to tell you, master!”

Lu Yanran wiped the tears off her face and said to Ye Xuan.