Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

723 Secluded Cultivation (Part 2)

After entering the Cloud Sky Cave, he discovered that there was a different space inside. Not only was it very spacious, but there was even a pond filled with clear water and blooming lotus flowers.

Thank you readers!

He walked to the edge of the pool without any hesitation and took out his Boundless Cauldron. Finally, he began to prepare the items he needed for his cultivation this time.

A flash of purple light appeared as he took out the purple crystal. Obtaining this crystal from the system had been an unexpected surprise, and was the reason for his confidence in breaking through this time.

However, it did not end there. Ye Xuan waved his hand and the Chaos Immortal Peach appeared in his hand.

The Chaos Immortal Peach was an immortal heavenly treasure, and it was also the most precious item Ye Xuan had obtained from the ancient tomb. Before he obtained the purple crystal, he had been planning to use this to break through.

!!

Now, there was another path for him. He could break through and reach the ancient realm in both his spiritual and body refining cultivations!

How amazing would that be?

At this point, his body refining cultivation had reached the mystic lord realm, while his spiritual cultivation had reached the supreme realm.

Thus, his current priority was to raise his body refining cultivation to the peak of the supreme realm, then, break through to the ancient realm with both paths simultaneously.

If he really succeeded, together with his rainbow robe, his defense would become nigh impenetrable.

Even if he were to face a sealed immortal realm cultivator in the future, Ye Xuan would be able to deal with it calmly without fear of being killed.

His excitement was palpable as he continued to prepare what he needed.

Then, he said to the system, “Please bring up my status information panel.”

[Name: Ye Xuan]

[Body Refining Cultivation: Early-stage Mystic Lord Realm]

[Spiritual Cultivation: Peak-level Supreme Realm]

[Skills: Flora Sword technique, Boundless Palm technique, Divine Punishment, Heaven-Splitting Sword, Fiery Phoenix Divine technique…]

[Treasures: Cloud Heaven Sword, Godsword, Rainbow Robe, Boundless Cauldron…]

There were still many things that were not listed on the status page, as it only listed some of the more powerful ones.

As for the rest, the system sorted them out and transmitted them to Ye Xuan’s mind so that he could check them himself.

After Ye Xuan casually flipped through it, he realized that the number of spells he currently had was really ridiculous.

As for the Divine Punishment skill, it was obtained through the system feedback after Ye Xuan taught Xiang Yun the Endless Lightning technique.

However, because he had been too busy recently, Ye Xuan did not have the time to familiarize himself with this skill.

At this moment, Ye Xuan could completely be said to be rich enough to rival an empire, or actually several.

The list of treasures that was transmitted into his mind was many pages long.

“Ahem, it’s not bad. I think that it can still be improved on,” Ye Xuan said to himself.

There was still a long way to go in the future, and plenty of good things to obtain through the system.

After preparing the treasures he needed, Ye Xuan immediately began to concoct the body-refining solution.

Before he started his seclusion, Ye Xuan had given Feng Xiyun quite a number of herbs, and had received precious herbs from the system as a result.

There were even a few medicinal herbs that were exceptionally precious. If he concocted the body-refining solution with these and the immortal heavenly treasure, the potency would definitely increase several-fold. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

After some time, Ye Xuan finally completed the concoction. Then, he directly injected a surge of his spiritual power into Boundless Cauldron to activate and fuse the medicinal herbs.

Seconds later, a fierce tornado seemed to have formed above the Boundless Cauldron, releasing a heart-palpitating aura.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan did not hesitate at all and immediately got into the cauldron.

In the blink of an eye, a terrifying amount of spiritual energy assaulted Ye Xuan’s body, causing him to let out a painful scream.

“F*ck…! F*ck…!”

He had not been prepared for this level of pain, and it took some time for him to finally adapt to this pain.

Then, he picked up the immortal heavenly treasure. The corners of his mouth curled up into a smile as he said with a wicked smile, “Time to eat you up.”

Due to its age, this immortal heavenly treasure had long gained sentience. Therefore, when it heard that Ye Xuan was actually going to eat it, it began to struggle free with all its might.

However, it was helpless and could not break free at all.

Seeing Ye Xuan’s evil smile and hearing his evil words, the Chaos Immortal Peach did not want to continue existing in this world.

If it had known in advance that it would end up like this, it would have just rotted away on the ground.

Although the Chaos Immortal Peach was struggling desperately, it failed to escape its fate and ended up in Ye Xuan’s stomach after a few bites.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Xuan felt an immense amount of energy wreaking havoc in his body and meridians.

“Freeze!”

Ye Xuan had no time to care about the intense pain in his body. After shouting a word, he began to mobilize his spiritual power frantically in order to suppress the energy released by the Chaos Immortal Peach.

When combined with the body-refining solution, the amount of energy released by the Chaos Immortal Peach had also increased several-fold!