Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

724 Raining Gifts

As the body-refining solution roiled about in the Boundless Cauldron, some of it spilled over and fell to the ground.

Thank you readers!

At this moment, the ground seemed to be emitting a faint light, but it soon dimmed again.

However, Ye Xuan had no time to care about this magical scene at all.

The entire Cloud Sky Cave was filled with extremely dense spiritual energy. Even the moss on the walls had begun to grow crazily.

Ye Xuan was still suppressing the pain in his body, trying to adapt as quickly as possible.

!! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Fortunately, Ye Xuan cultivated both body refining and spiritual cultivation. Otherwise, his body might have already exploded from the immense amount of energy around and inside his body.

After thirty days, Ye Xuan finally began to gradually adapt and was able to start refining the energy. Even when he opened his mouth to breath, spiritual energy would be sucked into his body.

The refined spiritual power filled up his spiritual sea, and even started to overflow.

“Hmph!”

Ye Xuan snorted coldly, and then erupted with power. In an instant, he broke through, and his body refining cultivation began to rise rapidly. It had only been a short while, but his body refinement cultivation level had already reached the peak of the mystic lord realm. However, this was still far from over.

The power contained within the Chaos Immortal Peach was immense!

After another 30 days, Ye Xuan’s body refining cultivation had reached the early-stage of the supreme realm. Once it reached the supreme realm, the benefits of cultivating both paths was immediately demonstrated.

His combat strength had experienced a qualitative improvement, whether it was in terms of physical prowess or spiritual prowess. Ye Xuan had made great progress.

Sensing this, Ye Xuan was extremely happy. However, it was still a little too early to be happy now.

Ye Xuan once again began to mobilize his immortal-grade body refining technique. Thanks to his excellent comprehension capabilities, Ye Xuan had already begun to make up for the missing parts of this technique.

After another ten days, Ye Xuan had finally restored the incomplete parts of the immortal-grade body refining technique, and it was finally a true blue immortal-grade cultivation technique.

“Awesome, this is really refreshing!”

After carefully examining his body, Ye Xuan realized that his body still contained a terrifying amount of energy. Thus, he immediately began to circulate the technique.

Ye Xuan did not become complacent. He wanted to raise his body refining cultivation level to the peak of the supreme realm first. Then, he would break through on both paths simultaneously to the ancient realm.

At this moment, the sky above the Cloud Sky Peak was already covered in snow.

Zhuge Yueyue had woken up very early. After waking Feng Xiyun and Xiang Yun up, the trio arrived at the Cloud Sky Palace together.

After Ye Xuan started his secluded cultivation, there were no longer many interested in coming to Cloud Sky peak. However, Zhuge Yueyue was troubled by some small matters every day.

Fortunately, she had Feng Xiyun by her side. Otherwise, she would have been so annoyed that her hair would have fallen out.

“First Sister, this document was sent to us by the Su family. It records the gifts given by some factions in Qingyang City.”

After Feng Xiyun handed the paper to Zhuge Yueyue, she said this with a strange expression on her face.

She did not know what was going on. After the gathering ended, many forces in the East Continent kept giving gifts to Cloud Sky peak.

Many of them had no connections to the Great Wilderness Divine sect, so they could only rely on the Su family to send the gifts over.

Zhuge Yueyue received the document and read it carefully. She found that she had never heard of most of the forces.

Feng Xiyun continued, “It’s not just the factions in Qingyang City. Many factions from around the East Continent seem to have come to give gifts.”

“Some of them are here purely to express their friendship and want to get closer to us, while the others want to become vassals of Cloud Sky Peak and send in their disciples here.”

“No matter what their intentions are, it’s good for us.”

Feng Xiyun said this with a serious expression. After all, she was once one of the princesses of the Yangli Divine empire, so she naturally understood what these people were thinking.

In recent days, just the gifts that Cloud Sky peak had received were comparable to the treasury of an entire empire.

After Zhuge Yueyue finished reading the list of families who were waiting to give gifts, she was shocked and admired her teacher even more.

With her teacher’s prestige, even if he did not do anything and just stood there like a log, the gifts would still come rolling in.

Some forces were already trying their best to cling onto the Cloud Sky Peak. They had thought of all kinds of methods.

Not long ago, Feng Xiyun had brought Xiang Yun out for a stroll. Who would have thought that several elders of the major factions would be frightened out of their wits and followed behind to protect her.

No matter where they went, there would definitely be elder-level figures appearing to protect them. They would definitely not let them suffer the slightest harm. This was really heartwarming.

Even Feng Xiyun felt a little embarrassed at this moment. Could it be that she had become that important?

Feng Xiyun was a little caught off guard by how fervent and passionate these people were about protecting them.

When Zhuge Yueyue saw that the Cloud Sky Palace was already filled with gifts, she felt very helpless and did not know what to do.

“Forget it, forget it. Let’s just put these gifts here first. When Teacher finishes his seclusion, we’ll let him make the decision.”

After saying this, Zhuge Yueyue began to pile up the gifts neatly.

However, at this moment, another person paid a visit to the Cloud Sky Palace…