Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

734 Finally Gaining Entry

He knew that there was indeed a vassal force of Cloud Sky peak in Qingyang City, and that it was really called the Su family.

However, the problem was that there had been too many people who claimed to be from the Su family of Qingyang City.

He had no idea which one was real and which one was fake.

Moreover, he had never seen what these people from the Su family looked like. Therefore, he treated everyone who claimed to be from the Su family as liars.

“Argh!”

!!

“I can’t take it anymore. Don’t hold me back. I’ll definitely tear this brat’s mouth apart!”

Su Changhe was already flustered and exasperated. He had said both good things and bad things, but these people did not believe him at all, so he stepped forward menacingly.

Su Changhe was rubbing his fists, but when he turned around, he realized that the people he had brought had no intention of pulling him back.

The atmosphere instantly froze. Su Changhe hurriedly winked at the elder beside him.

Fortunately, the elder noticed that something was wrong and immediately pulled Su Changhe back.

“Changhe, endure for a while and everything will work out. Take a step back. Don’t do anything stupid.”

Seeing that he was being pulled back, Su Changhe said angrily, “You brat, if no one stopped me today, I would have definitely taught you a lesson.”

Li Hao looked at this scene with a smile on his face and did not say anything. He felt that this silly kid was quite interesting. At the very least, he knew how to put on the show.

After all, the task of guarding the gate was already very boring. Fortunately, this person was quite interesting and had kept him entertained over the past few days.

What Su Changhe did not know was that Feng Xiyun had already witnessed the scene that he had just directed and acted out. She instantly covered her mouth and laughed.

“Haha, how long has it been since we last met? Young Master Su, how did you become like this? It almost looked quite convincing.”

Su Changhe was originally very angry, but when he heard this familiar voice, his face instantly lit up and he quickly looked in the direction of the voice.

When saw Feng Xiyun walking toward him, as well as the little girl beside him, Su Changhe was so happy that he jumped three meters high and almost burst into tears.

“Big Sister Xiyun, I’ve been waiting for you for ages!”

He had been waiting here for three days. Every minute and every second was torture.

However, Feng Xiyun rolled her eyes at him. Seeing his poor acting skills, she really did not know what to say. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Instead, she turned to the disciple in charge of guarding the gate and said, “Senior Brother, this person is indeed from the Su family of Qingyang City. Can you let them in?”

Li Hao quickly turned around to take a look. When he saw that the person who came was actually Feng Xiyun, he was shocked.

Li Hao instantly put on a smile. After all, he was only an ordinary disciple. How could he dare to be disrespectful to a genius disciple like Feng Xiyun?

After hearing her call him Senior Brother, Li Hao’s heart fluttered. He felt like he was floating in the air.

He would be able to brag about this to the others for some time.

After a while, Li Hao finally reacted and hurriedly said, “Haha, so it’s really the young master of the Su family. It seems I offended you just now. Please forgive me.”

“I was just following the rules, so I hope Young Master Su won’t blame me.”

Li Hao quickly opened the gate and let Su Changhe and his group in.

At this moment, there was still some lingering fear in his heart. Fortunately, he was reasonable and had always done things according to the rules.

No one was allowed to enter the Great Wilderness Divine sect without permission. It was precisely because of this that Li Hao was not afraid that the people from Cloud Sky peak would find fault with him.

After stepping past the gate, Su Changhe’s tense heart relaxed. He had been suffering for the past three days.

Fortunately, they did not wait in vain.

“You brat, I’ve tried so hard to persuade you so many times, but you still didn’t believe me. See, I was who I said I was!”

Su Changhe was furious when he saw Li Hao’s smiling face.

However, this person was also acting according to the rules, so there was nothing he could do.

Feng Xiyun smiled and said, “Alright, alright. Let’s return to Cloud Sky peak first. First Sister is already waiting for us at the Cloud Sky Palace.”

As soon as she finished speaking, Feng Xiyun led the group to Cloud Sky peak.

On the other side, outside the gates of the Great Wilderness Divine sect, the crowd was heatedly discussing what had just transpired.

“Did you guys see? The little girl who just came out earlier was the champion of the recent Divine Seal peak’s gathering!”

“Oh my god!”

“For real?”

“Is this true? She looks like she’s only five or six years old at most. How did she become the champion?”

After all, this little girl looked harmless and innocent. How could someone like her defeat the geniuses of the East continent and become the champion?

“You don’t understand. She’s the reincarnation of a mighty expert. Winning a gathering like this is a simple matter!”

“Ah… A reincarnated mighty expert?”

After hearing this, the atmosphere reached a climax again. Many people had not witnessed the battles at the gathering, so they knew nothing about it.