Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

740 Continuous Breakthrough (Part 2)

When he sensed the surging energy in his body, Ye Xuan excitedly began to refine it. He channeled 50% of it to his spiritual cultivation, and the rest to his body refining cultivation.

Even though this method was a little reckless, it was his best bet at making the most of this energy.

Although there was a tearing pain coming from his body, Ye Xuan did not care at all. He was immersed in the joy of his cultivation level rapidly increasing. Soon, he would reach the middle-stage of the ancient realm.

In the blink of an eye, more than ten days passed. When Ye Xuan opened his eyes again, he had reached the middle stage of the ancient realm in terms of both his spiritual and body refining cultivation.

After breaking through, Ye Xuan took some time to concoct a body refining solution in order to reach the advanced-stage of the ancient realm.

However, what Ye Xuan did not notice was that as he was cultivating and breaking through, a large portion of the power that overflowed from his body was absorbed by the rainbow-colored stone.

Perhaps this stone was one of the biggest beneficiaries of his breakthrough. Golden patterns had appeared on the surface of the stone, and it looked rather dazzling.

However, Ye Xuan was still engrossed in cultivation, so he noticed none of this. If he had, he would have been very shocked.

After all, such golden patterns usually only appeared on extremely powerful creatures, such as dragons and phoenixes.

After the golden patterns appeared, the rainbow-colored stone became even more extraordinary, and it was filled with the power of life.

“Breakthrough!”

After roaring this out, Ye Xuan began to continuously mobilize his spiritual power to assault the realm barrier. Just as he was about to succeed, Ye Xuan frowned. He sensed that he seemed to have obtained something rather unique.

“An immunity to all evil things?”

After being momentarily stunned, Ye Xuan nearly jumped for joy. Furthermore, this ability also included an immunity to illusions, which would help him to deal with tricky opponents and secret realms. Also, thanks to the effects of the immortal heavenly treasure, his body was already immune to poisons.

What else was there for him to be afraid of?

“Gotta focus and continue breaking through!”

At this moment, Ye Xuan did not give up, and continued to charge toward the advanced-stage of the ancient realm.

After some time passed, he finally did it!

He finally reached the advanced-stage of the ancient realm!

Now, all he had to do was stabilize and accumulate his cultivation foundation as well as temper his mind. Once he achieved that, he would reach the peak of the ancient realm. For this, the most important thing was time.

After pondering for a moment, Ye Xuan did not end his seclusion.

This was because he had obtained many powerful skills from the system, yet due to the constraints of time, he had not truly mastered these skills.

As such, this was the best opportunity to do so, which would further increase his combat strength.

“Divine Punishment…”

After calming down, Ye Xuan focused on comprehending the essence of the Divine Punishment skill. As it so happened, Divine Punishment could actually unleash the power of the heavenly tribulation in the form of tribulation lightning.

Furthermore, as it used the heavenly tribulation as basis, these lightning bolts were virtually unavoidable.

When he began to comprehend this skill, Ye Xuan was truly deeply shocked. After all, this skill was equivalent to punishing others on behalf of the heavens, which could only be described as extremely domineering. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

If he really fully comprehended this skill, would he really be able to enforce justice on behalf of the heavens?

If he combined the Divine Punishment skill with his Flora Sword technique, what kind of terrifying power was he capable of unleashing?

Ye Xuan’s imagination was already running wild. After all, the scene playing out in his mind was really too shocking.

This motivated him even further to comprehend it, and he poured his heart and soul into it. However, what he discovered was that this skill was much harder to comprehend than even the Flora Sword technique.

It was no wonder this was the case, as this skill involved some of the secrets of the heavens. Ordinary people probably would not even be able to grasp its basic precepts.

Fortunately, Ye Xuan possessed astonishing comprehension ability, so he could still make headway into his study of the skill. However, he still needed a certain amount of time.

Outside the cave, two melodious bell chimes were heard throughout the Great Wilderness Divine sect, echoing across the mountains.

Right after the two bell chimes were heard, the defensive formation of the Great Wilderness Divine sect was temporarily deactivated, and the gates were opened…

It was time for the disciple recruitment ceremony!