Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

749 Catalyst

“Are they trying to become famous and build their reputation?”

“No, no, no…” Daoist Canghai waved his hand.

Elder Tongtian’s brows were furrowed at this moment, as he felt that he had overlooked something. After some time, his eyes lit up and he asked in shock, “Could it be for fate energy?”

That was definitely the right answer. How did he overlook such an important reason? He and the other sect leaders had been pondering their next course of action for the past few days, but had yet to come to a decision.

Some were in support of closing themselves off, while others were ready to go at it. The matter was difficult to decide as it involved the fate and future of the sect. Now that he had figured out the reason behind the Great Wilderness Divine sect’s decision, he felt enlightened, but also frustrated.

“Damn it…”

He vented his anger on the ground. He had missed this great opportunity because of his carelessness. Now, the Great Wilderness Divine sect had taken the biggest slice of the cake.

Anyone that followed in their footsteps would undoubtedly be overshadowed. That being said, it did not mean that they could let the opportunity slip by either.

Seeing that Elder Tongtian had figured it out, Daoist Canghai smiled.

“It’s indeed a gamble for them to do it, but it’s also one that’s worth taking. After all, even if they fail to hold the line, they can still retreat back to the sect and protect themselves.”

“Although they would suffer some losses, no one would be able to blame them for not trying, and their reputation would remain intact.”

After hearing Daoist Canghai’s words, Elder Tongtian knew what needed to be done. Perhaps this was the benefit of having someone from the older generation provide guidance.

However, Daoist Canghai realized the true intentions of the Great Wilderness Divine sect, but had underestimated how determined and committed they were to this cause.

They would not retreat from the defensive line no matter what, not even if they had to risk their lives.

“Thank you for clarifying this matter, Teacher. I’ve already thought about what to do next.”

He then muttered, “Ao Lei, I’ll have to apologize to you later, but we too want a piece of this pie.”

After saying this, he immediately gave the order for the Heavenly Mountain Divine sect to move out.

“The Heavenly Mountain Divine sect is also willing to do our part to protect the common people.”

“We will use the Earth Bodhisattva River as the boundary to build our line of defense!”

“All members of the Heavenly Mountain Divine sect will set off immediately. Even those who are in secluded cultivation will immediately end their seclusion and prepare for battle!”

They have already heard the announcement regarding the Great Wilderness Divine sect and also wanted to contribute. They felt that they were no less courageous.

“Yes! We will definitely protect this land!”

Within moments, the Heavenly Mountain Divine sect began to mobilize, and those who came to participate in their assessment also watched in awe. It seemed that the Great Wilderness Divine sect’s announcement was a catalyst!

Originally, they had planned to leave the assessment and head to the line of defense established by the Great Wilderness Divine sect. However, this was no longer necessary. They could simply stay here.

Shortly after, the Jade Lake Divine sect also made their decision and announced that they too would assist in the defense of the East continent.

Now, the situation no longer seemed hopeless. Three powerful sects had announced that they would take part in the defense, and the spirits of the inhabitants of the East continent were stirred up.

However, amidst the commotion, there was no news from the Supreme Divine sect.

As early as three months ago, they had already announced that they were going to close their doors. However, after learning what was going on in the outside world, Daoist Black Iron was furious.

“F*ck!”

“Despite the crisis, they actually dared to put themselves on the frontline like that to gain fame!”

“Are they not afraid of their sects being destroyed?”

Now, it seemed like the Supreme Divine sect were the bad guys, even though all they wanted to do was protect themselves.

How infuriating!

It was a perfectly logical choice, yet three of the other major sects had made the illogical choice, which put them in a bad light. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Perhaps everyone now thought of them as cowards. Daoist Black Iron’s heart was filled with resentment.