Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

751 Disaster Strikes!

Xie Tianyu was trying his best to hold it in, wanting nothing more than to chop Daoist Gu Hao and Li Hong into pieces.

It was fine if Daoist Gu Hao disrespected his teacher, but even Li Hong showed disdain for his teacher. This was simply intolerable!

Li Hong might be the personal disciple of the grandmaster, but he should still respect the sect master!

Daoist Black Iron patted Xie Tianyu’s back and calmed him down.

“There’s no hurry. It’s not the time yet. Let them be arrogant for now.”

!!

Daoist Black Iron understood very well that he indeed had no way of defeating Daoist Gu Hao at the moment. That being said, it did not mean that he could not deal with Li Hong.

This guy was always arrogant and looked down on everyone because he was favored by Daoist Gu Hao.

Daoist Black Iron was even considering killing Li Hong. Unfortunately, he had yet to find a good opportunity.

He had long since given up on the position of sect master, and was prepared to abdicate at any time. However, before he did, he wanted to make sure that the next sect master would be his disciple. Xie Tianyu, and not Li Hong.

“Haha, this is really interesting. Internal strife? In that case, I won’t have to go through so much trouble.”

Han Tai smiled coldly when he saw the situation develop. Perhaps he would be able to take advantage of the ensuing chaos to enact revenge.

In the following days, spurred on by the actions of the three major sects, some smaller forces also followed suit and announced their commitment to the defense of the East continent.

Many experts gathered at the frontlines, awaiting the arrival of the disaster.

After some time passed, it finally arrived…

A loud rumble echoed through the sky above the desert region, and waves of black fog surged out, dying the sky black.

The fog gave off an extremely evil sense of oppression, and the onlookers felt as if death itself was approaching,

“It’s finally here. Everyone, prepare yourselves!”

After seeing the thick black fog in the sky, everyone took up battle positions and waited anxiously.

Moments later, the huge skeleton appeared once more in the sky above the desert region, this time covered in black fog.

It seemed to have become much stronger since the last time.

After sensing that it had reached the ancient realm, everyone trembled in fear, knowing that they were powerless before it.

“It’s actually that skeleton. It actually appeared again!”

Moments later, a voice that could shake one’s heart was heard.

“Cough cough…”

Although it was just a few empty coughs, everyone’s hearts seemed to skip a few beats.

Some of the scouts could vaguely see a red figure of a woman lying lazily in the depths of the desert region.

It was as if she had just woken up from a dream. When she opened her eyes, the entire world seemed to have turned red.

Looking closely, there seemed to be a broken sword stabbed into the woman’s chest, which made it seem all the more terrifying.

The skeleton that had just appeared flew toward the woman and bowed respectfully.

After seeing this, everyone understood that this skeleton had been subdued by her. Who was this woman and what did she have to do with this disaster?

At this moment, she stood up unhurriedly and swept her cold gaze across her surroundings. She reminisced briefly about the person who she could not forget.

After pausing for a moment, the woman looked at the crack from which the black fog kept surging out of. It made her feel very uncomfortable.

With a raise of her hand, a terrifying amount of divine power instantly erupted. In an instant, the influx of the black fog was greatly weakened, but it was not completely isolated.

After pausing for a moment, the woman lowered her head and pondered again as she muttered to herself, “Is the strange power from that realm about to invade?”

As soon as she finished speaking, the woman looked at the broken sword in her chest again. That person had really hurt her too much.

Over the past million years, she had not been able to remove this broken sword, and it almost seemed that this broken sword had already fused with her body.

If one looked carefully, one would notice that there were two words carved on the sword’s hilt, which were Yi and Meng.

Somehow, it seemed that this woman seemed to care about this broken sword very much.

Boom!

There was a sudden explosion in the sky, and the realm instantly opened up. An extremely powerful force began to wreak havoc in the East continent.

Under the effect of this strange power, the beasts in the entire desert region became berserk and bloodthirsty.

“The seal has been completely broken. Let’s leave first!”

Once the seal was completely out of control, evil monsters that were releasing black fog from their bodies crawled out one after another. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At this moment, the people who were stationed close to the desert region to observe the situation were faced with a life and death crisis. They immediately ran away.

“Roar…”

The beasts were already completely berserk. Their minds had already been corroded by the strange power.

At this moment, the entire East continent was in danger!

As for the villages near the desert region, they were immediately overrun and destroyed by the berserk beasts before they could even react…