Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 756  Mengyu (Part 3)

Gao Shun sighed, and then started speaking.

"The incident happened over a hundred years ago…"

"The woman in the red dress you saw just now is called Mengyu. She is from the demon race and is the only remaining member of the demon race in the East continent."

"She cultivates the demon race's Devouring Heaven technique, which can devour all kinds of life force to improve the cultivator's strength rapidly."

"While it is indeed powerful, it requires the cultivator to devour tens of thousands of lives each time."

"This…"

"Tens of thousands of lives?"

After hearing Gao Shun's explanation, everyone felt their hearts tremble in fear.

This was truly an evil technique!

Far more so that the Heaven Devouring Divine Sparrow! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Although Mengyu was beautiful, beneath that facade was something quite evil.

At this moment, they finally understood why Gao Shun had said that she was an evil person. While they were shocked, they were also interested in the battle back then, and what had happened.

Realizing this, Gao Shun continued speaking, "Back then, our Great Wilderness Divine sect was at its peak, and could even be called the number one force in the East continent."

"We had over 300,000 sect members, and the strongest expert we had was Chief Tian Xuan, followed by Daoist Yi Feng. The two of them were known as peerless geniuses by the outside world, and were both supreme realm experts."

Everyone listened very seriously as Gao Shun continued his tale.

It turned out that Daoist Yi Feng was actually the son of the previous sect master, and that he was blessed by the heavens. He was personally nurtured and trained by Chief Tian Xuan, and often received guidance from the chiefs of the other peaks.

Daoist Yi Feng did not disappoint their expectations. With his outstanding talent, he reached the peak of the mystic lord realm realm at the age of 40. He was even more outstanding than Chief Tian Xuan.

However, as the saying went, 'the heavens were jealous of talents,' and these words were not false at all in this case.

As Daoist Yi Feng had not encountered any setbacks throughout his cultivation journey, in the end, when he broke through to the supreme realm, he realized that his cultivation foundation and state of mind was unstable.

It was precisely because of this that the sect master instructed him to explore the outside world to train himself, and also investigate the mysterious disappearance of many nearby villages.

However, who would have thought that it was precisely because of this matter that the Great Wilderness Divine sect almost went extinct?

Back then, when Daoist Yi Feng was traveling in the mortal world, he was extremely interested in everything.

Therefore, he even exchanged his jade pendant for money in the pawnshop in order to truly experience the joys of mortal life.

However, who would have thought that before he could go very far, he would encounter a woman in a red dress next door.

If Daoist Yi Feng had not met this woman at that time, his fate might have been different. However, the heavens always played tricks on people…

Even though he did not want to get too close to this woman, she seemed to have already set her eyes on him and constantly pestered him.

At that time, he did not know that this scheming woman was only deliberately trying to get close to him in order to obtain more cultivation resources.

At that time, Daoist Yi Feng, who was blessed by the heavens, even thought that this woman was only mesmerized by his appearance.

After a long period of contact, the investigation team also appeared. They had a good impression of this woman and went to investigate the mysterious disappearance of the villages together.

However, Daoist Yi Feng never imagined that the culprit was beside him the entire time, and in the end concluded that the one who destroyed these villages was the vicious Heaven-Devouring Divine Sparrow.

This all changed when Chief Tian Xuan arrived, and chased the Heaven Devouring Divine Sparrow far away, in the process exploring the desert region several times.

While there, he unintentionally discovered an extremely shocking secret, which was that the woman beside Daoist Yi Feng was the one who started all of this, and that she had been using the Heaven Devouring Divine Sparrow as a scapegoat.

Daoist Yi Feng could not believe that the woman who had already wormed her way into his heart was actually a swindler. In fact, she almost cheated him of his divine bone, wanting to use it as a blood sacrifice to help her breakthrough to the ancient realm.

After discovering the truth, Daoist Yi Feng felt as if his world had shattered, and almost lost his mind. Once her devious plan was brought to light, Mengyu shed all pretense of cordiality and started fighting with Chief Tian Xuan.

At that time, Chief Tian Xuan had yet to reach the peak of the supreme realm, so he could not defeat her, and could only watch as Daoist Yi Feng was abducted by this demoness and brought to the desert region.

From this moment on, the grudge between the Great Wilderness Divine sect and Mengyu was formed.

Mengyu wanted to take Daoist Yi Feng's divine bone and sacrifice the entire East continent to strengthen herself. Such an audacious plan even frightened Chief Tian Xuan.

He did not dare to hesitate and rushed back to the Great Wilderness Divine sect as quickly as possible, mobilizing the full strength of the sect to try and destroy this demoness.

After this battle, the number of members in the Great Wilderness Divine sect fell sharply from more than 300,000 to less than 30,000...