Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

758 Finally!

“Understood, Martial Uncle.”

Hua Rufeng knew that with Mengyu now in the picture, the arrangements they had made previously were no longer effective, and that coming up with appropriate countermeasures was vital.

Otherwise, the sect would be in danger of being destroyed at the hands of this demoness.

Gao Shun rushed back to the Great Wilderness Divine sect with a nervous expression, leaving Hua Rufeng behind to command the line of defense.

In the meeting hall of the Great Wilderness Divine sect, the chiefs of the various peaks, except for Ye Xuan, had arrived. Each of them was listening to the news brought back by Gao Shun with a solemn face.

“It’s actually Mengyu? It was really unexpected that Martial Uncle Yi Feng’s self-sacrificing attack was unable to kill her.”

Each of them knew what Mengyu’s return meant, especially Yuelun, whose teacher had suffered severe injuries in that battle. After returning to Water Sky peak, she passed on the position of chief to Yuelun before passing away.

At this moment, Ao Lei’s brows were tightly knitted together.

At that time, as one of the leading disciples of the new generation, he had also participated in this battle.

“Senior Brother Ao, we have to think carefully about how to handle this situation. When I was facing her earlier, I felt powerless, even as a supreme realm cultivator.”

“Moreover, there’s also that skeleton and the berserk beasts. If we don’t take adequate measures, the sect as well as everyone we are trying to protect will perish!”

Gao Shun said these words in a panicked tone. His current state of mind had been thrown into disarray by this incident, and the other chiefs were equally disturbed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ao Lei was naturally very clear about this. However, knowing that Mengyu was the enemy this time, he did not have a solution. Even if Tian Xuan was still alive, it would be difficult to deal with such a powerful enemy.

He felt very helpless at this moment, and wondered if he should seek Daoist Yi Feng’s help to deal with this. However, Daoist Yi Feng’s inner demons were caused by Mengyu, so he did not want to exacerbate them by reopening an old wound.

Then…

At this moment, the Great Wilderness Divine sect experienced something shocking!

Flashes of purple light filled the sky above the sect!

At this moment, everyone’s hearts trembled as they hurriedly rushed out to check.

“What exactly is going on?”

“Is someone attacking the sect?”

After looking up at the flashing lights in the sky, they were all shocked.

“It’s Teacher! Teacher is going to end his seclusion!”

At this moment, all the weight seemed to be lifted off her shoulders.

“This…”

“Is our junior brother finally going to end his seclusion?”

The chiefs present were also very surprised. However, when they looked carefully, they found that the source of the purple lights was indeed Cloud Sky peak.

Moments later, a pillar of divine light shot into the sky, and the illusory swords began to dance in the sky. Amidst the swords, a figure appeared in the sky, emitting the powerful aura of an ancient realm expert!

Even those who were at Sky Mountain could see this worldly phenomenon, and they could tell that this person’s aura was not very different from Mengyu’s earlier.

An ancient realm expert!

How shocking!

“Heavens! Someone from the Great Wilderness Divine sect has actually broken through to the ancient realm.”

“Look at that figure! This person is the youngest among all of their chiefs. He is Ye Xuan, who they call the Sword Immortal!”

“Ye Xuan has really reached the ancient realm? Furthermore, that doesn’t seem like the aura of an early-stage or middle-stage ancient realm expert. Could he have…”

Then, sharp sword intent condensed in the sky and descended upon the berserk beasts attacking the line of defense.

Boom!

Accompanied by a loud explosion, huge clouds of dust immediately obscured everyone’s vision.

When the dust settled, they were all shocked to see that the berserk beasts had suffered heavy casualties.

The white-robed figure in the sky stretched his body leisurely.

“Sigh… This feels much better.”

Seeing Ye Xuan’s shocking sword attack, their jaws almost fell off in shock.

After finally coming back to their senses, everyone shouted in unison, “Congratulations on your breakthrough to the ancient realm, Chief Ye Xuan!”

On the other side, in a palace in the desert region, Mengyu had also sensed this shocking sword attack, and frowned. One glance was all it took for her to determine that its source was the Great Wilderness Divine sect.

Which expert in the Great Wilderness Divine sect had reached the ancient realm?

Was it Tian Xuan or Yi Feng?

A sense of danger arose in her heart, but also a sense of curiosity.

For a very long time, no one in the entire East continent had been able to successfully break through to the ancient realm.

However, now that the world was about to be destroyed, the sudden birth of an ancient realm expert gave people the hope of survival.

It was like a ray of light amidst the endless darkness.

As the purple clouds and dazzling purple beams spread, everyone in the East continent realized that something was going on, and quickly raised their heads to check.

Even the cultivators from the Heavenly Mountain Divine sect and the Jade Lake Divine sect could see it.

“Ancient realm! That guy actually broke through!”