Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

760 Return

However, it remained to be seen whether this battle was recorded as a victory for humanity, or utter defeat.

At this moment, Ye Xuan calmly gathered his power, infusing it into Sky Mountain’s defensive formation. Then, his figure flashed and disappeared from everyone’s sight.

Seeing that Ye Xuan was no longer there, the crowd immediately began to discuss. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Whoa! That was scary! Is the aura of an ancient realm expert supposed to be that terrifying? It seemed even stronger than that woman from earlier?”

“Did I get it wrong? Chief Ye Xuan just broke through, right?”

They were puzzled by how Ye Xuan seemed to be stronger than Mengyu.

“Hiss…”

Hua Rufeng, who was overseeing things atop Sky Mountain, gasped in shock as he looked at the devastation wrought by Ye Xuan’s attack.

“Martial Uncle Ye’s combat strength keeps increasing. One sword strike was all it took to wipe out this many berserk beasts.”

“In this case, we have a chance to survive.”

On the other peak of the mountain, Xiang Yun shouted happily, “Yay! It’s actually Teacher. He really isn’t sleeping forever. He has reappeared!”

As soon as she finished speaking, Feng Xiyun immediately covered her mouth tightly, not daring to let her continue speaking.

The people around them cast doubtful gazes toward Xiang Yun.

“Uh…”

“What does she mean by that?”

“Could it be that…”

People whispered to each other. Feng Xiyun immediately pulled Xiang Yun away from this troublesome place and flew back to Cloud Sky peak.

At this moment, the chiefs of the Great Wilderness Divine sect were gathered and waiting for Ye Xuan to return.

“Everyone, long time no see. I’ve missed you all.”

Although Ye Xuan was already an ancient realm expert, he did not put on airs. Instead, he spoke in an amiable manner.

“Congratulations, Junior Brother! You’ve already made our Great Wilderness Divine sect proud! What a joyous occasion,” Li Dahai said excitedly.

The other chiefs congratulated him one after another. Their tense expressions from earlier had completely vanished.

“Junior Brother, I have to congratulate you this time.”

“Yuelun, there’s no need for courtesies between the two of us, right?”

Her face instantly turned red. How embarrassing!

Moreover, the other chiefs were present. How was she supposed to face them now?

“Alright.”

After everyone expressed their congratulations, Ao Lei changed the topic and said, “Fortunately, you finished your secluded cultivation in time, Junior Brother Ye. Now, we should properly discuss how to deal with the danger that our sect is facing.”

After hearing this, everyone quieted down. This disaster was a matter of life and death. If they were not careful, the Great Wilderness Divine sect in the East Continent might be destroyed.

“Teacher.”

After everyone took their seats, Zhuge Yueyue happily stood beside Ye Xuan. She no longer had to deal with the stress of these meetings, and would be able to focus on cultivating.

Ye Xuan turned around to look at his eldest disciple. When he saw her exhausted appearance, he felt very worried.

Indeed, it had been hard on her during this period of time. After all, taking on the role of managing the affairs of Cloud Sky peak was a big responsibility. Even though there were only three disciples, her words carried the authority and represented the stance of Cloud Sky peak in these meetings. It was a tall order to ask from someone so young.

Ye Xuan gently rubbed her head and comforted her, “Alright, you should go and have a good rest. Leave the rest to me.”

“Okay, Teacher. I’ll go back to Cloud Sky peak then.”

Zhuge Yueyue was no longer worried. With her teacher around, everything would be resolved.

Ye Xuan nodded and said, “Alright, head back first.”

Once she left, the atmosphere became tense once again, as they deliberated on what to do. Ye Xuan was somewhat puzzled. He had taken a look at the situation outside earlier, and it did not seem to have reached a hopeless stage, yet why did these people all look so sad?

Ao Lei looked at Ye Xuan’s confused expression and said, “Junior Brother Ye, because you just finished your seclusion, you might not be very clear about what’s going on.”

He then turned to Gao Shun and said, “Fill him in on the general situation first.”

Hearing this, Gao Shun moistened his throat and said decisively, “Junior Brother, did you hear about the incident that happened to our Great Wilderness Divine sect a hundred years ago?”

“Oh? A hundred years ago?”