Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

762 Recounting The Past

Then, two disciples took a closer look and realized that it was Ye Xuan.

“Martial Uncle Ye, our apologies for not recognizing you immediately. Please forgive us.”

“Are you here to look for Martial Uncle Yi Feng?”

The two of them were responsible for guarding this place and, since this morning, had already welcomed quite a few important figures who were here for the same reason, but Daoist Yi Feng turned them all away.

Therefore, it was easy to guess why Ye Xuan was here.

At this moment, Ye Xuan waved his hand indifferently and instructed, “Yes, please help me pass on the message that Ye Xuan of Cloud Sky peak has something to discuss with him.”

“This…”

The two disciples did not do it immediately. Instead, they were a little embarrassed. After a while, they said, “Martial Uncle Ye, Martial Uncle Yi Feng has already instructed us to reject anyone who comes looking for him. You see…”

The two of them did not dare to disturb Daoist Yi Feng, for fear of angering him.

However, at that moment, Daoist Yi Feng’s voice rang out.

“Open the door and let him in.”

After hearing this, the two of them did not dare to delay. They immediately opened the door of the secret chamber and gestured for Ye Xuan to go in.

The corners of Ye Xuan’s mouth curled up slightly. If his guess was correct, Daoist Yi Feng had been waiting for him to show up.

Although this old senior of the Great Wilderness Divine sect did not seem to involve himself in the sect’s affairs, he definitely still cared about the sect.

He only secluded himself in this secret chamber only because he felt guilty, as he felt that what had happened back then was all his fault. He even chanted Buddhist mantras every day, praying that the sect members who died back then would reincarnate into good homes. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After entering Daoist Yi Feng’s secret chamber, Ye Xuan realized that it was surprisingly vast. It was even much bigger than the Cloud Sky Cave.

As he walked through the secret chamber, he passed by a cultivating elder ever so often, and nodded at each one.

As Ye Xuan went deeper, he arrived at an even wider space, where he saw Daoist Yi Feng was sitting cross-legged on a high platform.

At this moment, the latter’s expression was complicated and he looked somewhat depressed, which was because what had happened recently made him recall that incident.

“Junior Ye Xuan greets Martial Uncle Yi Feng,” Ye Xuan said respectfully.

Daoist Yi Feng was rather shocked when he sensed Ye Xuan’s powerful aura, but he also felt rather happy.

After all, from his perspective, the one who had suffered the most due to his actions back then was Tian Xuan, the person who had tried his best to nurture and protect him.

Moreover, after he had self-destructed his divine bones, Tian Xuan had even sacrificed his own cultivation, and eventually life, in order to save him from the hands of the Grim Reaper.

Daoist Yi Feng had no way of repaying Tian Xuan, but he had always been grateful and would never forget it.

Therefore, seeing Tian Xuan’s disciple reach the ancient realm was gratifying. He felt sincerely happy for both Ye Xuan and Tian Xuan.

“Not bad, not bad at all! My senior brother’s judgment in choosing a successor is pretty good! You managed to accomplish what he dreamed of on his behalf! ”

Daoist Yi Feng sighed. At the very least, this assuaged some of the guilt and regret he felt.

Ye Xuan remained silent and waited for Daoist Yi Feng to continue. He believed that the latter would definitely make everything clear at this critical moment of the Great Wilderness Divine sect.

Looking at Ye Xuan, Daoist Yi Feng felt the memories of a hundred years ago surge into his mind. At that time, he and his senior brother were the strongest experts in the East continent.

After sighing emotionally, he said, “The heavens are playing tricks on us.”

“If I’m not wrong, you came looking for me because you want to know about the divine bones, right?”

“Yes,” Ye Xuan replied without hesitation. This matter was a key point of information to figure out what had happened with Mengyu since that time.

That being said, Ye Xuan was not really afraid of Mengyu. He had already mastered the third move of the Flora Sword technique, and had the Godsword and the Rainbow-colored Robe.

At the very least, he felt that he would be able to hold his own against her. Even if that did not work out, he still had another method.

The main reason why he came this time was to find out how to kill Mengyu, as he had heard that Daoist Yi Feng’s immortal bone was very special, and even had the ability to bring the dead back to life and regrow flesh and bones.

However, Ye Xuan did not know the specifics.

After a long while, Daoist Yi Feng finally spoke.

“My divine bones are immortal bones, and its ability is reflected in its name.”

“In my opinion, immortal bones can be compared to an immortal-level treasure, and perhaps are even more precious.”

“The immortal bones in Mengyu’s body originally belonged to me, but she forcefully dug it out and put it in her own body.”

“At that time, she had just dropped all pretenses and was attacked by the members of our Great Wilderness Divine sect. She did not have time to fully integrate the immortal bones at all. Therefore, I still wielded some level of control over the immortal bones in her body.”

“Because of this, I was able to force the immortal bones to self-destruct. Then, I used my weapon to pierce her chest.”

“At that time, our Great Wilderness Divine sect suffered heavy casualties. I still remember clearly that my senior brothers were killed one after another in front of me. It was really too tragic…”

Ye Xuan remained silent even after hearing Daoist Yi Feng personally recount this matter.