Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 80: This Guy Must Be Feeling Embarrassed

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“One year!”

Situ Yufei looked at Ye Xuan, and then slowly raised a finger and said proudly.

In the Tian Yuan continent, only cultivators who had reached the true essence realm had the qualification to become alchemists.

After all, to refine pills, one had to extract the medicinal power from all kinds of natural treasures. This process consumed a lot of energy, and only true essence power, or spiritual power of a higher level than true essence power, was capable of doing that.

After a cultivator stepped into the true essence realm, their own spiritual sense would also become much stronger, and the degree of their control over the temperature of the flame would also become more precise.

An excellent alchemist had to be able to accurately control the temperature of the flame at various points of the refining process.

Of course, some people could also become alchemists when they were in the qi transformation realm. However, they would need to rely on many auxiliary tools and artifacts, otherwise it would be very difficult to refine a medicinal pill.

The most important thing was that, without the support of true essence power, even if one could successfully refine a medicinal pill, it would not be of high-quality.

Other than this, there was also an extremely harsh condition for a cultivator to become an alchemist.

That was that the cultivator must possess both fire and wood attributes.

As everyone knew, cultivators of that era possessed different attributes. The most common attributes were the five elements. Other than this, there were also some rarer attributes like the lightning and ice elements. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

However, among many cultivators, there would also be people without attributes!

Generally speaking, one’s attributes were innate. Although one could tamper with it a little, doing so was almost as difficult as ascending to heaven.

As for Ye Xuan, he was one-in-ten-thousand person who had no attributes, which also meant that he was very malleable.

However, his cultivation of the Thunder Sword Control technique and the Three Thousand Thunder Sword technique, gave birth to the lightning element in his dantian. Every one of his attacks would contain a trace of lightning. It was extremely overbearing.

However, Ye Xuan’s body did not possess the fire and wood attributes. Thus, it was undoubtedly difficult for him to become a real alchemist.

In other words, he could only become an alchemist if he had the fire and wood attributes.

However, he was not the one who needed to become an alchemist. Li Qingyan possessed the dual-spirit physique and also had the fire and wood attributes, so this limitation was no hindrance at all.

Now, he only needed to study and master alchemy from a knowledge standpoint, and then pass that knowledge on to Li Qingyan.

As long as she could become an alchemist, he would be able to use the system to earn some sort of reward that would allow him to become an alchemist.

However, Situ Yufei did not know this.

Therefore, in his eyes, no matter how hard Ye Xuan worked, he would not be able to become an alchemist.

“One year? That’s not too bad, right?”

Ye Xuan then took the related alchemy books and returned to Lingjiu peak.

Situ Yufei looked in the direction that Ye Xuan had left and burst into laughter.

What did he mean by saying one year was not too bad? Did he not know that those who could become alchemists within a year were all geniuses?

If this guy did not hit a wall, he would not realize how difficult it was to become an alchemist.

Although his talent was extremely monstrous and had suppressed the entire younger generation of cultivators in the Great Qian Dynasty, it was not so easy to become a real alchemist.

“Ye Xuan, I’ll be waiting for a good show!”

The sect leader and the other elders all learned that Ye Xuan wanted to become an alchemist.

“Hahaha, that’s really interesting!”

“Hehe! I’ll finally be able to see this guy get discouraged. Just thinking about it makes me happy!”

“When the time comes, this guy will try to refine pills unsuccessfully. His face and scalp will turn black from the resulting furnace explosion. That will be something to remember!”

“This guy is really too much. With such monstrous talent, why doesn’t he just focus on cultivation?”

Lin Qing could not help but feel speechless.

Other people could only dream of possessing such monstrous talent, yet this guy not only did not focus on cultivation, but also wasted his time trying to learn alchemy. Was this not a waste of God’s gift?

Ye Xuan’s attributes had already been tested a long time ago. His dantian did not contain the fire and wood attributes. Unless there was a fortuitous encounter somewhere down the road, it was absolutely impossible for him to become an alchemist.

This guy had already reached the core formation realm. Why was he thinking about becoming an alchemist?

Thinking this, everyone was puzzled.

If his talent had been average, and he had encountered a bottleneck in his cultivation, it would be understandable if he wanted to spend time on the path of alchemy.

However, this guy’s talent was so monstrous. Was this not a complete waste of time that could be better spent cultivating?

Of course, no one stopped Ye Xuan or dissuaded him.

They knew Ye Xuan’s character very well. The latter still knew his limits. He would give up once he knew he could not do it. Moreover, they wanted to see his dusty face!

Time passed quickly and, soon, a few days had passed.

During this time, Ye Xuan had been studying alchemy seriously. If he stumbled upon anything that he did not understand, he would run over and ask Situ Yufei.

Situ Yufei was not impatient. He answered each question and taught Ye Xuan alchemy based on his own accumulated experience and knowledge.

He explained in great detail about the medicinal efficacy of spiritual herbs and treasures, and the precise temperature control required to refine them.

Every time he got his question answered, Ye Xuan’s eyes lit up. He was completely intoxicated with alchemy.

Given his comprehension value, he could memorize all of the knowledge in the books from just a single glance, and could understand most of it. He had already reached a certain level of mastery.

Although his dantian did not possess the dual attributes of fire and wood, he often mentally simulated the refining process.

Soon, three days passed.

Ye Xuan could be said to have learned all of the relevant knowledge he needed about alchemy. At least in terms of theoretical knowledge, he was not inferior to Situ Yufei.

“Aren’t you going to refine pills?”

Seeing that Ye Xuan was about to leave, Situ Yufei looked confused.

This guy had been working on studying alchemy for so many days, but now that he had finally finished learning the theoretical knowledge, he gave up on refining pills?

“There’s no rush! I’ll give you a surprise when it’s time!”

Ye Xuan did not explain. He tricked Situ Yufei into giving him a furnace and went straight back to Lingjiu peak.

Situ Yufei looked in the direction that Ye Xuan had left and could not help but smile!

Hehe! He had not expected that this guy would be afraid of making a fool of himself. He probably wanted to take the alchemy furnace back and refine pills privately.

Forget it! This guy must be feeling embarrassed! I’d better study the pill formula properly! The most important thing now was to study how to refine the soul-returning pill.

As soon as Ye Xuan returned to Lingjiu peak, he called Li Qingyan over.

“Girl, do you want to be an alchemist?”

Ye Xuan got straight to the point.