Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 81: Innate Dual-spirit Physique, Peak Of The Core Formation Realm

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“What?”

When Li Qingyan heard this, she was stunned. Then, she nodded her head like a chicken pecking at rice.

“Yes!”

In the Tian Yuan continent, only one among thousands of cultivators could become an alchemist.

The title of alchemist itself also symbolized an extremely respected status. Alchemists were people that countless cultivators fawned over.

Unfortunately, not all cultivators had dual fire and wood attributes.

“Very good! In that case, I will personally teach you alchemy!” Ye Xuan said.

“What? Could it be that Teacher is an alchemist?”

Hearing this, Li Qingyan was shocked. She had never heard of Teacher being an alchemist.

“Not bad!” Ye Xuan nodded without blushing or changing his expression.

“You were born with the dual attributes of fire and wood. You are very suitable to be an alchemist!”

“Now, I will personally teach you alchemy.”

Then, Ye Xuan waved his sleeve and led Li Qingyan into the cultivation room!

Then, the two stayed in the cultivation room for three whole days.

After stepping into the true essence realm, cultivators had already reached a level where they could fast. Their pores could absorb the spiritual energy from their surroundings to replenish themselves.

During this period, Ye Xuan could be said to have imparted all of the theoretical knowledge he had learned to Li Qingyan.

However, he did not demonstrate how to refine pills in front of Li Qingyan. Instead, he chose to teach her how to control the temperature of the flames by hand. He also used words to teach the latter how to refine the essence of spiritual herbs.

Now, they had already reached the crucial stage of refining pills.

Li Qingyan looked at her teacher’s face, which was right in front of her, and her heart started beating rapidly again.

She had never come into such close contact with her teacher before. Moreover, she had stayed in the same room with him for three days. This was too blissful.

However, it was precisely because Li Qingyan was distracted that her pill refining attempts failed.

“Stabilize your mind. Don’t harbor any distracting thoughts. You must succeed!”

Seeing this, Ye Xuan could not help but look at Li Qingyan.

What’s wrong with this disciple? Why was she always distracted? Did she not know how to respect her Teacher’s time and effort?

“Okay!”

Li Qingyan nodded obediently and frantically screamed inwardly at herself that she should not and could not let her imagination run wild. At such a crucial stage, she must not disappoint her teacher.

There were not many medicinal herbs in the cultivation room, and now she was already down to the last batch!

If she failed again, she might have to give up.

Thinking this, Li Qingyan could not help but take a deep breath, and her gaze gradually became more determined.

As she channeled her fire attribute energy, the true essence power in her dantian surged out like a gust of wind.

Then, the wood attribute energy in her body was used as a fuel to continuously increase her true essence power, and she used her spiritual sense to control the temperature of the fire.

As the temperature of the furnace gradually rose, the true essence flames slowly burned away the impurities inside the medicinal herbs.

Seeing this, Ye Xuan also took a deep breath. His spiritual sense swept out and slowly helped Li Qingyan remove the impurities of the medicinal herbs.

With Li Qingyan’s concentration and Ye Xuan’s help, the impurities of the medicinal herbs were successfully removed.

As time passed, the power of the medicinal herbs with different attributes gradually integrated. The embryonic form of a pill appeared inside the pill furnace.

“Now that you are at the final stage of refining the pill, you must stabilize your mind!”

Ye Xuan’s gaze was gentle as he spoke. Then, his own spiritual sense slowly wrapped itself around Li Qingyan’s spiritual sense, slowly guiding it as it controlled the temperature of the flame in the pill furnace.

Suddenly, the embryonic form of the pill shone brightly, and as the rays of light dispersed, they revealed a round pill that had been fully condensed.

“Success!”

Seeing this, Ye Xuan’s eyes lit up. As the scorching flame slowly dissipated, a round pill could be seen in the furnace. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Qi breaking pill!

It was an extremely common first-grade pill that could help qi transformation realm cultivators break through bottlenecks.

“Ding! As the host has helped his disciple become an alchemist, the host has received a randomized 812x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has become a third-rank alchemist!”

The long-awaited system notification finally rang out. At the same time, a huge amount of alchemy experience and knowledge suddenly appeared in Ye Xuan’s mind.

Boom!

Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes and digested the experience and knowledge in his mind.

From this moment on, he was a top-tier existence among third-rank alchemists in the Tian Yuan continent. With the help of the system, he automatically learned how to identify the types of medicinal herbs and now knew the ins and outs of refining pills.

Other than that, there were thousands of pill formulas in his mind!

The most important thing was that whether it was the experience of refining pills or knowledge of the pills themselves, it was as if he had experienced it all himself!

The most obvious change was that the dual attributes of fire and wood had appeared in Ye Xuan’s dantian. It was as if he had been born with it, and it perfectly fused with his own power.

However, this was not the end. The system’s notification rang out in his mind again.

“Ding! As the host has helped his disciple successfully activate the dual-spirit physique (fire and wood), the host has received a randomized 29x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained the innate dual-spirit physique (fire and wood)!”

Boom!

Boom!

As soon as he finished speaking, two powerful auras suddenly erupted.

One of them was Li Qingyan’s. After she successfully activated her dual-spirit physique, her innate bone value soared crazily, and her cultivation continued to rise.

The other was Ye Xuan’s. Now that he had obtained the innate dual-spirit physique, his innate bone value had also been greatly strengthened, and his cultivation also received a boost.

The most important thing was that Ye Xuan’s body had been greatly strengthened, and an ocean of extremely powerful qi and blood essence was suddenly born.

This qi and blood essence contained many elemental powers, including the tyrannical sword qi, the power of violent flames, and the gentle water spirit power.

The three powers slowly intertwined and then slowly revolved around the golden core. The golden core that was shining brightly now had three different-colored patterns appear out of thin air.

At the same time, Ye Xuan made another breakthrough in his cultivation. Naturally, he reached the peak of the core formation realm!

At this moment, Ye Xuan seemed to have fused with the entire world. The aura around his body rippled slightly, and it seemed like he had been filled with a terrifying power that could destroy the world.

As most would know, the core formation realm was different from the true essence realm and the purple spirit realm. The core formation realm was divided into the Xudan realm, True Core realm, and the Golden Core Realm, which were also divided into the early, middle and advanced stages.

However, if one included the peak of the core formation realm, there were also ten levels in total.

After one reached the peak of the Xudan realm, the core would be condensed into the true core! Then, it could be slowly condensed into the golden core!

However, when most of the cultivators entered the advanced stage of the Golden Core realm, they encountered a bottleneck at this realm. To reach the peak of the core formation realm, the one had to fuse with that endless ocean of qi and blood essence.

Only by allowing the golden core in the dantian to condense those elemental powers into patterns could they truly reach the peak of the core formation realm.

The so-called qi and blood essence was the innate power that a cultivator possessed when they were born.

In other words, whether it was cultivators or ordinary people, they all had the qi and blood essence in their bodies.

However, in comparison, the qi and blood essence in the body of an ordinary person was extremely thin and, after they died, would dissipate at an extremely fast speed.

As for golden core realm cultivators, not only were they incomparably powerful, their bodies were tens of times tougher than steel. It was also because of this that the qi and blood essence contained in their bodies was also extremely terrifying!