Chapter 845  Evil Plan

The two strange monsters instantly froze and looked at North Heavenly King in disbelief.

If they really succeeded in causing strife, then there would be no need for them to make a move at all. They would be able to swoop in at the last moment and harvest the spoils!

"Wonderful!"

The two strange monsters clapped their hands without hesitation. However, the main problem now was how to actually do this.

On Cloud Sky peak, Ye Xuan had no idea that someone was already plotting against the world. He was in the garden, surrounded by spiritual mist. He stared at the Water Cloud Fruit sapling in front of him, in a state of deep thought.

"If I wait for the Water Cloud Fruit to ripen naturally, it'll take thousands of years. By then, it'll probably be too late."

After saying this, Ye Xuan fell silent again and then waved his hand.

"Absolutely not. If I want to make a breakthrough, I need the help of this Water Cloud Fruit sapling. In that case, I have to think of ways to speed up the process of its maturing."

Thinking about it, Ye Xuan did not have a solution. Moreover, he lacked some precious herbs. Ordinary herbs would not nourish the Water Cloud Fruit sapling, and even if he bought them and used the system to obtain better herbs, they would not reach the required grade.

"Teacher…"

While Ye Xuan was racking his brains, Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun arrived behind him and stood there obediently.

Ye Xuan turned around to take a look and realized that after a night of adjustment, their mental states had improved.

Ye Xuan waved his hand in relief and said, "Do you know anything about the Heavenly Stairway?"

Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun were stunned, but soon shook their heads. Could it be that their teacher wanted them to challenge the Heavenly Stairway? If so, Zhuge Yueyue was quite confident. Her attainments in the Sword Dao had improved tremendously, and she could be considered one of the top geniuses in the East continent.

However, because she had not fought with these top geniuses from the other continents until now, she did not understand what kind of strength they had.

The golden-furred growler from yesterday could only be considered a small fry. The true geniuses were still hiding in the dark.

Ye Xuan then snapped off a branch of the Water Cloud Fruit sapling while saying, "If you want to become a true immortal, this Heavenly Stairway is your best opportunity."

"Both of you have been my disciples for a long time, so I'm sure you understand. The immortal path is filled with difficulties. If one wants to become a true immortal, one has to be tenacious and move forward courageously."

"A hundred years will pass in the blink of an eye. In the long river of history, many people fall by the wayside, forgotten and abandoned."

"I don't want you to become one of them. I hope that I will be able to meet you both in the Heavenly Dao realm."

After hearing this, Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun's hearts trembled violently. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

A long time ago, they had had a feeling that they could not keep up with their teacher, and feared the day that he would leave them behind.

However, they did not know how long it would take for this to happen. Thus, when they heard Ye Xuan mention this, they immediately felt more uncomfortable. They knew that with their current cultivation levels, becoming a true immortal was impossible.

In the end, they would remain on Cloud Sky peak, silently protecting the spirit tablets of their ancestors and growing old alone.

"Yueyue and Xi Yun, ever since I took you in as my disciples, my expectations for you have never decreased."

"I don't want to see my disciples become stagnant and fade away."

"I might not be able to stay in this world for long, but before I leave, I want to see you all become giants and take on the world."

After hearing this, Zhuge Yueyue trembled slightly. Then, she said with a face full of certainty, "Teacher, I can definitely do it!"

Zhuge Yueyue knew very well that her teacher had high expectations for her. In that case, even if she had to risk her life, she definitely would not let her teacher down.

Seeing Zhuge Yue's determined gaze, Ye Xuan was overjoyed.

Feng Xiyun saw that her sister had already said such words, so she did not want to be outdone. She said firmly, "Teacher, don't worry. Xiyun will do her best!"

A happy smile appeared on Ye Xuan's face when he heard this. Finally, he spoke again.

"Now that the Heavenly Stairway has appeared, you will soon welcome a period of intense battles. Comparing your potential and the other geniuses, you both are lacking."

After hearing this, Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun felt sad. However, they were aware of this fact too. After all, one's talent was innate. Despite their lack of talent, they had managed to reach their current level thanks to their teacher's efforts.