Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 846  Preparations (Part 1)

"However, it's still possible for you to emerge victorious during the Heavenly Stairway."

After hearing this sentence, the two of them froze.

What did their teacher mean by this?

Looking at the calm smile on Ye Xuan's face, the two of them were somewhat confused.

Moments later, Ye Xuan said bluntly, "Isn't that simple? Today, I'll infuse my spiritual power and cultivation to you both and help you reach the mystic lord realm.""

"This…"

After hearing this, their eyes filled with disbelief.

Why was their teacher always so willing to make sacrifices for them?

After recovering from her surprise, Zhuge Yueyue quickly said, "Teacher, there's no need to go to this extent."

"We are already eternally grateful for what you have done for us. There's no need for you to sacrifice your cultivation to improve ours. Furthermore, ifthis ends up hindering your cultivation, we will feel guilty for the rest of our lives." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Ye Xuan smiled. His disciples were really considerate. However, what they did not know was that they were the key to him becoming stronger.

Without them, he would not be able to advance as quickly as he did.

Feng Xiyun's heart was also moved, especially since she knew that there were so many dangers involved when performing spiritual power infusion.

"Teacher, what First Sister said makes sense. You've already taken care of us in every possible way. There's no need for you to do this."

Seeing their tearful expressions, Ye Xuan was extremely gratified.

Sigh... As expected of his beloved disciples. If it was that heartless little monkey, he would probably be so excited and completely ignore the safety of his teacher.

However, he still had to do it. Otherwise, how could he get stronger?

He could not do this for Yuelun. They were both of similar standing and status, so if he offered to do this for her, she might think that he was looking down on her and might feel that she was a burden to him.

Sure, he could perform spiritual power infusion on other members of the sect, but why would he choose them over his own disciples?

"Haha, don't worry. I'm already very happy that you both feel this way."

"However, the Heavenly Stairway is probably the only chance for the two of you to become immortals."

"If you want to become one of the victors and defeat your peers, you will need my help."

"There really isn't much else I can do for you. I can only impart some of my power to you. Don't worry, it's not a big deal to me."

"In any case, I've already made my decision on this matter."

Ye Xuan said this without giving the two of them a chance to refute at all.

"Teacher…" Zhuge Yueyue said in a trembling voice. Her heart was already in turmoil.

In order to help her catch up with the geniuses of the same age, her teacher had spent a lot of effort and even sacrificed a lot of his own cultivation.

Because of this, Zhuge Yueyue even started to hate her own lack of talent. Why could she not be more powerful? That way, her teacher would not need to spend so much effort on her.

Ye Xuan looked at his disciple's tearful eyes, and his heart felt moved.

He rubbed her head and coaxed her, "Alright, alright. This is just a small matter. There's no need to worry at all. It won't have any effect on my cultivation."

"I believe that both of you are aware of my expectations for the both of you. I hope that one day, both of you will be able to rely on your own strength to make a name for yourselves and bring glory to Cloud Sky peak."

Hearing this, the two of them were quite touched and nodded.

"Alright, Teacher. We will definitely work hard and won't let you down."

"Alright, come and sit in front of me."

Ye Xuan wanted to perform spiritual power infusion immediately. If he waited, then the cooldown period would be delayed as well.

As for Xiang Yun, he was not worried about her. Although she was still unconscious, by the time she woke up, there would probably be no need for Ye Xuan to perform spiritual power infusion on her.

Ye Xuan had even guessed that by the time she woke up, she would have broken through to the ancient realm.

At this moment, Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun obediently sat cross-legged in front of Ye Xuan, quietly waiting.