Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 847  Preparations (Part 2)

Ye Xuan's fingers formed a seal with both hands, and he instantly transmitted spiritual power into Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun's bodies.

"Hiss!"

At this moment, they looked like they were in pain. It seemed that the spiritual power that was transmitted into their bodies was too powerful, so they took some time to adapt to it.

Zhuge Yueyue's condition was not bad. After all, she had already reached the middle-stage of the heaven realm. In comparison, Feng Xiyun was still stuck at the peak of the void realm, so she struggled harder to adapt to the spiritual power flowing into her body.

After sensing this, Ye Xuan adjusted the extent of the spiritual power transmission before continuing.

"You must focus and guard your heart. Use your cultivation techniques to refine the spiritual power I am transmitting into your bodies."

His words made them focus. At this moment, they felt as if the power in their bodies was about to overflow. It was really swelling.

Both of them were struggling to refine the spiritual power fast enough, partly because their current cultivation technique was not powerful enough.

Fortunately, Ye Xuan had predicted this. With a wave of his hand, a golden divine light descended on them.

"This cultivation technique is called the Hunyuan Xuan Technique. It's several levels higher than your current cultivation techniques. Comprehend it well."

This cultivation technique was obtained by Ye Xuan by chance. Its level was even comparable to the cultivation technique he cultivated previously, but he had found no use for it.

However, it now came in handy. Ye Xuan even combined his own insights and slightly modified this cultivation technique, allowing the two of them to master it faster.

"Whoa!"

When the insights flooded their minds, the two let out exclamations of surprise, and they could immediately tell how extraordinary the cultivation technique was. Furthermore, thanks to Ye Xuan's modifications, they managed to comprehend the essence of the cultivation technique almost immediately. They could tell that he had spent quite a bit of effort on preparing this cultivation technique for them, and felt extremely grateful at this moment. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The process continued until he finished transmitting tens of thousands of years' worth of his cultivation to them. This was as much as he could dofor his disciples now. The rest could only be left to them.

At this moment, the system notification rang out.

"Ding! As the host has performed spiritual power infusion on his disciples and transmitted tens of thousands of years' worth of cultivation to them, the host has received a critical reward."

After hearing this, the corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up.

'Here it comes…'

Just as Ye Xuan's heart was filled with joy, reality gave him a harsh blow.

"Ding! Congratulations on receiving a 100x critical reward. You have received tens of millions of years' worth of cultivation!"

'F*ck!'

Ye Xuan had already cursed the system a hundred times in his heart, and the smile on his face instantly dissipated.

A 100x critical reward after all that?

Even if it was not 10,000x at least 1,000x would be fine, right?

Ye Xuan was extremely angry at this moment, but after thinking about it seriously, Ye Xuan could only accept this reality. He had pulled the short end of the stick this time, but it was still better than nothing.

Sigh…

Tens of millions of years' worth of cultivation might be a lot for others, but it was nothing to him.

After all, this amount was like a small river flowing into the ocean. It did not have much effect and could only be considered as icing on the cake.

Of course, if it was tens of millions of years' worth of cultivation based on Ye Xuan's cultivation speed, it would be different, but it was not.

Helpless, Ye Xuan could only absorb this power into his body. Very quickly, the power was completely refined by his three Dao Flowers…

However, Ye Xuan's cultivation level did not seem to have improved much at all. He was still in the sealed immortal realm and could only be considered to have taken a small step forward.

Well, at the very least, it saved him a few years of cultivation.

Turning around, Ye Xuan looked at his two disciples again.

Looking closely, he realized that Zhuge Yueyue had already advanced from the middle stage of the heaven realm to the mystic lord realm. Feng Xiyun was not far behind, and had reached the peak of the heaven realm. It would probably not take long for her to reach the mystic lord realm.