Chapter 851  Competition?

Might she even reach the eternal realm, or even higher, after completing her transformation process?

Ye Xuan was uncertain about this. However, this was something that even he did not dare to attempt.

"Hahaha, not bad, not bad. Xiang Yun, don't let me down." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

If she ended up surpassing him in terms of cultivation, he would ride on her coattails. Who would dare to provoke Ye Xuan then?

Even the golden-furred growler ancestor, or the other experts from the Heavenly Dao World, would not dare to do so!

All in all, Ye Xuan was looking forward to the waves Xiang Yun would cause when she woke up. There was also another question running through his mind.

Which ancient expert had Xiang Yun been reincarnated from? It should be some peak existence from the Heavenly Dao World, right?

On the other side, in the meeting hall on the main peak.

"Grand Elder Ao Lei, regarding the matter that I just mentioned, what do you think about it?"

An amiable man said this with a smile. He was an elder from the Great Wilderness Divine sect from the Heaven continent. After receiving Old Man Sun's order, he came to pay a visit to the Great Wilderness Divine sect of the East continent.

When he first stepped into this place, he was also very anxious. After all, he knew that their sister sect had an extremely powerful sealed immortal realm expert.

It was precisely because of this that he had been respectful from the beginning to the end. Although they too had their own sealed immortal realm expert, before he came here, the sect master had stressed the following:

"Remember, don't anger the sealed immortal realm expert from the East continent. If you really anger him, our sealed immortal realm expert might not stand on your side, and might even take their side."

When he learned of this information, he was frightened.

They were fellow sect members! It was fine if they did not help, but they actually wanted to help the other party instead? Why?

Was this sealed immortal realm expert from the East continent's Great Wilderness Divine sect so ridiculously strong that even their Saintess was afraid?

That was impossible, right?

However, the sect master would not joke about such things, so he stayed on his toes the entire time, afraid that a single misstep would spell the end of his life.

After hearing Elder Qian Yi's words, Ao Lei's expression turned somewhat uncertain. The chiefs present were also staring at each other, unable to immediately give an answer.

The main purpose of Elder Qian Yi's visit this time was to develop their friendship, which they were definitely happy about, but Elder Qian Yi just brought up a competition between the two sister sects, under the pretext of sharing information and experiences.

After this competition, they could compare the differences in their cultivation techniques and fix their flaws. Although both sects had opposing cultivation techniques, they still needed to examine each cultivation technique closely. After all, each one had been modified over the years in order to make them stronger and more usable.

On the other hand, although it looked like an ordinary martial arts competition, it was actually a competition to see which side was the more orthodox one.

Sensing this, Ao Lei felt quite bitter. He suddenly felt bitter in his heart. Based on the current situation, this martial arts competition was something that the other party was confident in winning.

He did not know how many genius disciples there were in the Heaven continent's Great Wilderness Divine sect, which made it difficult to judge the situation.

"Cough… We still have to discuss this with the other chiefs. After we've discussed it, we'll give you a reply, alright?"

After thinking for a moment, Ao Lei could only say this.

Elder Qian Yi was obviously not in a hurry, and thus replied with a smile, "Haha, Grand Elder Ao Lei, no worries. You can discuss this matter further. We are not in a hurry either."

Hearing this, Ao Lei stood up and said to Hua Rufeng, "Rufeng, bring Martial Uncle Qian Yi around the sect for a stroll first and show him around."

"Alright, I understand," Hua Rufeng replied respectfully. Then, he led Elder Qian Yi out of the meeting hall to see the various peaks.

After seeing Elder Qian Yi leave, Ao Lei returned to his seat and said with a frown, "Everyone, you have heard what Elder Qian Yi just said. If you have any ideas, let's hear it."

"Senior Brother Ao, in my opinion, we must agree to the martial arts competition. However, we have to win in order to prove our orthodoxy!"