Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 852  Unbelievable Surprise

When he heard Gao Shun say this, Li Dahai also spoke up.

"Haha, you make it sound easy. Winning the competition won't be that easy."

"After all, the East continent lags behind the other continents. Furthermore, our sect was nearly wiped out a hundred years ago, and has barely recovered. The number of geniuses we have can be counted on two hands."

"Even though we have recruited many geniuses not long ago, most of them have only just started cultivating, and won't be much help during the competition. How can we compare to their sect?"

Hearing this, Gao Shun's expression turned ugly. Although he really wanted to refute those words, he could not. After all, this was their current situation.

Ao Lei smiled bitterly as he watched them argue, but then something suddenly caught his attention, and he turned to Zhuge Yueyue in shock.

"Good heavens!"

"Martial Niece Zhuge, when did you reach the mystic lord realm?"

When these words trailed off, silence reigned in the meeting room. The argument stopped in its tracks.

After a moment of silence, Gao Shun finally opened his mouth with a shocked expression, "F*ck! She has really broken through to the mystic lord realm!"

"Heavens! When did this happen?"

Zhuge Yueyue was the most outstanding disciple of the younger generation, and would be the sect's chief representative in any competition.

Whether or not the sect's prestige could be maintained depended on her, as well as Hua Rufeng and Xiang Yun.

After noticing their shocked expressions, Zhuge Yueyue was taken aback, but eventually a smile appeared on her face. From her humble origins as a talentless villager, she had become the chief of Cloud Sky peak, and had now even reached the mystic lord realm.

It all felt so surreal.

This was all thanks to her teacher, without which she would never have gotten this far.

"She's actually reached the late stage of the mystic lord realm! How did she achieve that? She is only in her teens."

An eighteen-year-old late-stage mystic lord realm expert?

Even Ye Xuan was not so terrifying back then, right?

Could it be that there was something special about Cloud Sky peak's air? That when people turned eighteen, their cultivation levels would automatically soar?

At this moment, even Yuelun was shocked as she looked at Zhuge Yueyue.

"It's really too unimaginable. What else is Ye Xuan hiding?" Yuelun muttered to herself.

A few days ago, she had gone to Cloud Sky peak to look for Ye Xuan, but everything had seemed quite normal back then.

Zhuge Yueyue and Feng Xiyun were cultivating close to the Water Cloud Fruit sapling, and their cultivation levels did not exhibit anything out of the ordinary.

Could someone really break through that rapidly within the span of a few days? It was simply miraculous!

Although they did not understand what had happened, this sudden revelation changed their outlook on the competition between the two sects. Their confidence was now sky-high!

"Hahaha, good! Very good!"

Ao Lei laughed loudly.

"The late of the mystic lord realm, coupled with her amazing talent in the Sword Dao…" RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"No matter how powerful the Great Wilderness Divine sect of the Heaven continent is, it's impossible for them to have nurtured anyone from the younger generation who can match her."

Gao Shun was also smiling wildly as he said, "Senior Brother Ao, I think it's a sure win as well."

"Although Qian Yi looks approachable now, I can sense that he's quite prideful. If he knew that Zhuge Yueyue had reached the late stage of the mystic lord realm, he would probably be shocked beyond belief."

After hearing this, everyone felt more relaxed about the situation. However, Zhuge Yueyue was speechless. Should not the representative of the younger generation be Hua Rufeng?

Of course, this was only to be expected. Although Hua Rufeng was considered talented when compared to the other geniuses in the East continent, he was lacking when compared to the top geniuses of the other continents.

He had only reached the early stage of the heaven realm.

"Martial Uncles, do you want to send me to compete with the disciples of the other Great Wilderness Divine sect?"

"But now that I'm the chief of Cloud Sky peak, wouldn't it be inappropriate to send me out?"

Zhuge Yueyue asked weakly. After all, it was better not to be saddled with such a heavy responsibility.

"Haha, that's not right."

"Even though you've become the chief of Cloud Sky peak, you're still a disciple…" Ao Lei replied.