Chapter 853  Flustered

"Thus, there's nothing wrong with you competing together with the other disciples."

Zhuge Yueyue saw his expectant gaze, and found it hard not to agree.

Martial Uncle Ao was already old, but he was still wholeheartedly focused on the development of the sect. He had been diligently working hard for the Great Wilderness Divine sect all his life. Although he was a little arrogant when he was young, he later restrained his temper for the sake of the sect and focused on leading the sect.

As such, she admired him. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Uh… Alright then."

After hesitating for a moment, Zhuge Yueyue agreed.

Ao Lei's face beamed. Ye Xuan had made another great contribution this time by nurturing a powerful disciple. Now, they had full confidence in emerging victorious during this competition.

…

Elsewhere, Elder Qian Yi's guided tour with Hua Rufeng had reached Cloud Sky peak.

"Elder Qian Yi, this place is one of the peaks of our Great Wilderness Divine sect, Cloud Sky peak."

Elder Qian Yi's heart skipped a beat when he heard those words "

'Oh my god, why did we end up here? Could it be that this little fellow wants to kill me?'

At this moment, Elder Qian Yi's heart was thumping wildly.

The towering Cloud Sky peak in front of him looked like a fairyland, and exuded a dreamy feeling.

Not only that, the air here seemed to be extraordinary. Just taking a deep breath made one feel comfortable. This was indeed worthy of being the cultivation abode of a sealed immortal realm expert.

He asked weakly, "Is this the place where the expert is?"

Hua Rufeng turned around to look at the elder with a confused gaze.

Which expert was he referring to?

Oh? Martial Uncle Ye?

It seemed that Martial Uncle Ye's fame had even reached the Heaven continent.

"Indeed, this is where Martial Uncle Ye lives."

"Elder Qian Yi, don't worry. Martial Uncle Ye is quite a nice person. Since we've arrived, we should head over and greet him."

Elder Qian Yi remained silent, but his heart was racing. He remained tense the entire time they were flying up the peak.

He had heard the sect master mention that Sword Immortal Ye of the East continent was a scary person, and if you really made him angry, he would cut you down with his sword. Therefore, he could not allow himself to be careless.

This was also the first time he would encounter such a powerful expert. The pressure was overwhelming. Honestly, he did not want to be here at all.

F*ck... He knew that this matter would not be so easy to accomplish.

'Old Master Sun, you've put me in danger!'

After some time, the two of them arrived in front of Cloud Sky Palace, which looked mighty and imposing. Furthermore, the spiritual energy in this place was denser than any place he had ever been to, which added to the awe and majesty of the experience.

At this moment, Elder Qian Yi felt that he was stepping into the tiger's den. One wrong move, and he would be toast.

Hua Rufeng shouted, "Martial Uncle Ye, I have brought Elder Qian Yi of the Heaven continent's Great Wilderness Divine sect to visit you."

After hearing this, the door of the palace slowly opened, and a beautiful woman in a red dress walked out.

Qian Yi was completely dumbfounded.

'Heavens!'

'The person in charge of opening the door is a mystic lord realm expert?'

It was obvious that Feng Xiyun had come to open the door just now, but Elder Qian Yi had mistaken her for a servant.

Unknowingly, the pressure he felt increased once again.

Could he really accomplish the responsibility he had been assigned?

No, forget that. Could he even leave this place alive?

Elder Qian Yi took a deep breath.

He had yet to see Ye Xuan in person, yet he was already on the verge of panicking. This was quite unseemly.

At this moment, Feng Xiyun gracefully led them in, and said, "Please follow me."

Hearing this, Elder Qian Yi mustered up his courage and forced himself to stay calm as he followed her lead.