Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 854  The Incomplete Cloud Sky Technique (Part 1)

When he reached the palace's main hall, he spotted Ye Xuan, and nearly gasped.

'Heavens! He is so young!'

'He's just like our Saintess!'

However, a thought suddenly struck him. Compared to Yanran, Ye Xuan did not have the inheritance of a Saint or a Saintess!

He had climbed up to the sealed immortal realm by relying on his own strength and talent!

This fact alone was shocking and made him worthy of respect. Elder Qian Yi immediately bowed respectfully.

"Elder Qian Yi of the Heaven continent's Great Wilderness Divine sect greets Sword Immortal Ye."

Ye Xuan turned to look at him. There was still no expression on Ye Xuan's face, but it made Elder Qian Yi's heart palpitate. He did not even dare to raise his head.

After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan asked, "The Great Wilderness Divine sect of the Heaven continent? Which peak are you from?"

Hearing this, Elder Qian Yi's heart trembled and he immediately replied, "I also hail from the Cloud Sky peak."

Ye Xuan's eyes lit up. This was interesting. This person was also from the Cloud Sky peak?

Hua Rufeng was also taken aback, and realized that things were about to get interesting.

"Cloud Sky peak…"

As he spoke, Ye Xuan instantly appeared in front of Elder Qian Yi. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan grabbed his arm and injected some of his spiritual power into the other party's body.

"Ah…"

In an instant, Elder Qian Yi's face turned pale and powerless. He had no way of putting up any form of resistance whatsoever. Ye Xuan circulated his spiritual power through Elder Qian Yi's body once before withdrawing it.

He then smiled as he spoke to himself, "It's no wonder Teacher saidthat the Cloud Sky technique wasn't complete."

After examining Elder Qian Yi's body, he realized where the shortcomings of the Cloud Sky technique were.

Back then, the sects had been forced to split into two. Without adequate time to prepare, they could only haphazardly divide the cultivation techniques. After that, each had taken half of the barely-modified cultivation techniques with them.

Looking at the terrifying figure in front of him, Elder Qian Yi broke out into cold sweat after Ye Xuan's spiritual power was withdrawn.

For a moment, he had thought that Ye Xuan wanted to kill him because he was too rude. Thankfully,it turned out to be a misunderstanding.

'Phew! I barely managed to keep my composure just now. How terrifying…'

Ye Xuan then returned to his seat and said, "I've already checked the condition of your body. Because the Cloud Sky technique is incomplete, your cultivation progress has been hindered, though I'm sure you're aware of this as well."

Hearing this, Elder Qian Yi was surprised. He had not expected Ye Xuan to glean that much information from a brief scan. However, this also filled him with hope. Was this sealed immortal realm expert going to give him some pointers? RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He had been stuck at the supreme realm for a very long time. Furthermore, he had been unable to progress past the early-stage of the supreme realm, and had been left behind by his peers.

For this reason, he was very anxious. No matter what, as the only successor of Cloud Sky peak, he did not want to ruin its reputation, and had searched high and low for methods to complete the cultivation technique. Unfortunately, each and every one of his attempts were met with failure.

"I hope Sword Immortal Ye can give me some pointers!"

Elder Qian Yi said excitedly. There was no point in beating around the bush in front of a true expert. If Ye Xuan could really help him complete the Cloud Sky technique, then he would be forever grateful.

In addition to scoping out the East continent's Great Wilderness Divine sect, this was his other goal.

This was undoubtedly a ray of light in his darkness.

He was so excited that her entire body was trembling. She immediately knelt down and said, "Sword Immortal Ye, please enlighten me. I, Qian Yi, will definitely remember your great kindness. In the future, if there's a need, I'll do anything for you, even if I have to go tread a sea of fire or cross a forest of blades!"