Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

874 Silent Increase In Strength

Fortunately, Zhuge Yueyue had photographic memory, and was able to memorize the entire technique after just a glance.

After seeing this situation, Ye Xuan immediately said, “Guard your heart and follow my spiritual power circulation route to practice this cultivation technique.”

After saying this, Ye Xuan released his spiritual power without hesitation, just like what he did with Feng Xiyun earlier. If Zhuge Yueyue wanted to successfully comprehend this immortal-grade cultivation technique, she needed Ye Xuan to guide her. Otherwise, if she made a mistake, she might even die, though of course Ye Xuan would not let this happen

Zhuge Yueyue nodded her head slightly. At this moment, she could not even say a word, and could only focus on the power being channeled into her body, as well as the warmth of Ye Xuan’s hands on her back.

Ye Xuan felt his heart ache when he saw this, but the process was already underway, and she could not give up midway, so he channeled another stream of cold energy into her body, causing her to cry out.

She felt as if her entire body had been wrapped in ice. She could not move and her face was terrifyingly pale. At this moment, Xuan sent out a stream of fiery red energy, which contained a trace of the power of the Heaven Burning Flames, opening up all the meridians in her body and warming her up.

Thankfully, this allowed Zhuge Yueyue some reprieve, and she was able to focus on the circulation of Ye Xuan’s power in her body. Furthermore, thanks to her photographic memory and comprehension ability, she was able to memorize it quickly, and soon started circulating her own power according to that route.

After discovering this situation, Ye Xuan was extremely relieved.

“You really are worthy of being my eldest disciple. Your comprehension ability is quite shocking,” he sighed and said. Then, he focused on simply channeling the cold energy into her body and allowed her to take the reins of circulating it.

Even so, he kept a close eye on the situation.

After some time, Zhuge Yueyue was able to complete a full circulation cycle, and her body began to exude a cold aura.

Boom!

When he heard this sound, Ye Xuan immediately examined her, and happily discovered that her divine bone had undergone earth-shattering changes. It seemed that she too would follow in Feng Xiyun’s footsteps and become the proud owner of an immortal bone.

Zhuge Yueyue had also noticed the changes in her God’s Bones, so she turned her attention to it and kept an eye on it. As time passed, Zhuge Yueyue completely adapted to the bone-piercing cold energy, which allowed Ye Xuan to take a step back and focus on his own cultivation.

While he was helping Zhuge Yueyue, he had also gained quite a harvest. At the same time, his mastery of the Nine Serenities of Frost had already reached the same level as the Heaven Burning Flames, and the two contradictory forces maintained a certain balance in his body, while releasing a terrifying amount of energy.

‘Is this similar to how Yin and Yang complement each other?’ Ye Xuan thought to himself. At this moment, he could clearly sense that the left side of his body was releasing the power of flames, while the right side was releasing the power of ice. Furthermore, he had also mastered a lightning attribute power, which meant that he was in control of three powerful elements.

Now, he was pretty much an all-round cultivator in terms of attacks, and once he completed his other cultivation techniques, he would be able to strengthen his defense and speed.

He had already spent one of the four chances, and thus had to think hard on what to use the remaining chances on. That being said, now was not the time, so he focused on cultivating the Nine Serenities of Frost technique. Only in this way could he strengthen the Chaos Sacred Body.

As they cultivated, thirty days passed in the blink of an eye. It was not only Cloud Sky Cave, but the entire peak had been submerged into an extremely quiet atmosphere. Waves of spiritual energy still lingered on the peak, and many of the sect’s disciples were still sitting cross-legged on the ground and cultivating.

Over the past few days, the battle strength of the sect’s cultivators had increased several fold. Some of the geniuses who had just entered the sect had benefited immensely, and even surpassed their seniors in terms of cultivation levels, which was shocking.

Amongst these people, the most surprising one was the main peak’s Fenghua Tian.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only