876 Star Slash

If Zhuge Yueyue could master the World Slash, then coupled with the Nine Serenities of Frost technique, she would be able to unleash an ungodly amount of power. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Furthermore, thanks to the immortal bone, her level of talent and comprehension ability exceeded many top-level geniuses now, so she would be able to comprehend the profundities contained within the technique.

After quickly memorizing the technique, she immersed herself in comprehending it, becoming more and more surprised as she did. She could tell how powerful she would become after comprehending this move, so she was extremely excited, and wanted to master this sword move as soon as possible.

Ye Xuan watched as Zhuge Yueyue started cultivating, but in his heart, he was anxiously waiting for a notification from the system.

After all, he had thought of teaching Zhuge Yueyue this move a long time ago. However, because her comprehension ability and level of talent were lacking, he had only been able to do so now. The only thing that was left was to receive the corresponding reward from the system.

And then…

“Ding! As the host has taught his disciple the World Slash technique, the host has obtained a 10,000x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has received the chaos-grade Star Slash technique!”

Whoa!

Ye Xuan was completely taken aback. Chaos-grade!

Perhaps this was the level of techniques cultivated in the Heavenly Dao World, which meant that he now possessed an offensive-type divine power that exceeded his current cultivation level!

Amazing!

Excited, he immediately began to comprehend it, eager to find out just how powerful it was.

Details regarding the sword technique immediately surged into his mind from the system, and the moment he took a look at the technique, he exclaimed, “Heavens!”

The Star Slash technique was not just a little bit stronger than the World Slash technique…

It was simply so powerful that it was unbelievable!

“Oh my god, can a single sword strike destroy a star?”

Ye Xuan sucked in a breath of cold air. The power of this sword technique was so astounding that it frightened even him. It was even more powerful than the final move of the Stellar sword technique!

Once he became strong enough to unleash its full power, he would be unrivaled, and might even be able to destroy another world!

Regrettably, even though this sword technique was very powerful, his cultivation level was miles away from being sufficient to unleash its power. It seemed that it would have to gather dust in the meantime, and he would have to settle for using the Stellar sword technique first.

However, that did not detract from the fact that he had obtained a great harvest.

“Hahaha, that’s great!”

An extremely bright smile had already appeared on Ye Xuan’s face. Armed with this technique, even in the Heavenly Dao World, he would be able to move around unhindered and unafraid of conflict.

Perhaps only the top experts from ancient times would be able to rival his strength.

At this moment, before Ye Xuan could finish celebrating, another system notification rang out.

“Ding! As the host has helped his disciple improve her physique, the host has received a 1,000x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained a strand of chaotic spiritual energy!”

This energy instantly surged into Ye Xuan’s body, strengthening his Chaos Sacred Body once more.

“Hiss…”

“This is really too satisfying,” Ye Xuan said excitedly.

Then…

“Ding! As the host has helped his disciple undergo an earth-shaking transformation, the host has received a 10,000x critical reward. Congratulations! The host has obtained the corresponding amount of spiritual power!”

Oh?

He had obtained a 1,000x critical reward from Feng Xiyun, but now a 10,000x critical reward from Zhuge Yueyue!

If he allowed the sect’s cultivators to absorb this power, the sect’s chances of performing well during the Heavenly Stairway would multiply manifold!

At that time, just how amazed would the other sects and forces be? Just how powerful would the sect become at that point?

Just imagining that scene made Ye Xuan excited. At that time, the sect would reach its peak strength, and would recover all of its former glory!