Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 960  Satisfied

After being punched in the stomach by Ye Xuan, Gao Shun could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

However, this was not the end. Ye Xuan instantly appeared in front of him and lightly punched his eyes twice again.

"My god! Isn't this a little too much?"

The disciples of the Great Wilderness Divine sect were dumbfounded. Although these punches were not fatal, they were indeed very painful, and made Gao Shun look rather embarrassing.

At this moment, Ao Lei took a proper look at Ye Xuan. After that exchange, it did not take long for him to realize that this was not a fake Ye Xuan, but the real one.

Seeing that the elders had come over to help Gao Shun fight, he gestured to them to stop.

The elders were very confused by this and asked, "Senior Brother Ao, why won't you let us help Senior Brother Gao?"

The corners of Ao Lei's mouth curled up slightly as he said, "Haha, this matter is just a small fight between the two of them. Let them be. We'll just watch the show."

"All of you, sit down and adjust your conditions. After all, the situation here is a little dangerous. You have to ensure that you have sufficient energy to deal with any situation at all times."

After hearing Ao Lei's words of the sect master, everyone was very puzzled, but since he had said that, there had to be some sort of reasoning behind it.

'Damn it, why is this ghost so powerful? It was not something that the ghosts from before could compare to.'

'B*stard! Ever since I started cultivating, this is the first time I've encountered someone who I can't beat at the same level of strength. I don't believe this.'

After spitting out a mouthful of saliva, Gao Shun was about to go crazy.

Why was this ghost's combat strength so powerful? This did not make sense at all.

After standing up in a sorry state, Gao Shun looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, he Shun's mouth also slightly curled up.

Ye Xuan knew Gao Shun like the back of his hand, so after seeing the latter like this,he could only hurriedly adjust his mental state.

"Hiss…"

After sucking in a cold breath of air, Gao Shun muttered, "Since this ghost is so strong, I can only use my wits."

He lowered his head and pondered on what to do. A moment later, the corners of Gao Shun's mouth also slightly curled up.

Ye Xuan knew Gao Shun like the back of his hand, so after seeing the latter like this,he already knew that this guy was definitely thinking of using underhanded tactics to deal with him.

In this case, he had to be more cautious. Otherwise, if he really fell victim to such tactics, he would also end up with a damaged reputation.

The pitch-black environment, coupled with waves of evil aura reverberating throughout the surroundings, made the place seem even more sinister. However, Ye Xuan and Gao Shun were still in an intense confrontation.

Although Gao Shun said that Ye Xuan was pretending, the people of the Great Wilderness Divine sect did not lend a helping hand. Instead, they were watching the show like members of a live show audience.

Seeing them like this, Gao Shun could not do anything at this moment.

What were these people doing?

It was fine for them to not help, but why were they treating this fight as entertainment?

"Damn it! In the end, in life-and-death situations, it's still up to one's own self to survive," he said moodily.

Then, he secretly mobilized his strength again and glared fiercely at Ye Xuan.

"You've got guts, ghost! But if you don't leave now, then you're going to suffer the consequences!"

After hearing this, Ye Xuan did not know whether to laugh or cry. Perhaps this fellow needed a few more blows to wake him up.

However, after thinking about it, Ye Xuan felt that this old fellow was definitely preparing his dirty tricks, so he could not act impulsively.

"Ha…"

Ye Xuan smiled and teased him, "If you have the ability, then come at me!"

"No! You come at me!"

"No, you do it!"

The two of them shouted back and forth. After shouting a few times in a row, Ye Xuan was annoyed.

'Stinking Gao Shun, if I don't give you a ruthless beating today, my surname won't be Ye!'

The anger in Ye Xuan's heart had already been successfully ignited. After all, there was still an intense battle going on in the treasury, so he could not waste too much time here.

At this moment, Ye Xuan mobilized his strength and immediately launched a powerful fist attack at Gao Shun.

Seeing this, Gao Shun's expression instantly changed drastically.

"F*ck!"

"Why is he so strong?"

At this moment, he had already forgotten to activate the move he had originally prepared.

With a dull thud, Ye Xuan's palm print directly hit Gao Shun's face. Moments later, Gao Shun's miserable cry was heard.

However, this was not the end. Ye Xuan lifted Gao Shun up and gave him two more punches before throwing him to the ground.

"Heavens!"

At the sight of such a violent scene, the onlookers were dumbfounded.

"Today, I was fortunate enough to witness the scene of Sword Elder Ye beating someone up. It's really too violent."

"Why do I feel that Sword Elder Ye seems to have some personal grudges with Chief Gao?"

At this moment, they could only watch helplessly as Gao Shun was beaten black and blue. It was really too tragic. They would never believe that there were no personal grudges involved.

"Uh… Martial Uncle Ao…"

Seeing his father beaten up like this, Gao Tianyu could not help but remind Ao Lei.

He was afraid that if he spoke up to stop it, he would also be captured by Ye Xuan and beaten up. Therefore, he could only prod the Grand Elder to do something to stop this.

"Haha!"

Seeing Gao Shun beaten into such a miserable state, Ao Lei chuckled. After a long while, he finally caught his breath and said, "Alright, alright, let's stop here, Junior Brother Ye."

Seeing that Ao Lei had already spoken up, Ye Xuan finally relented. However, he kicked Gao Shun's butt fiercely one more time before stopping.

'This was actually quite satisfying…'

Today, he finally found an opportunity to abuse Gao Shun, which helped him vent his grudges of the past and write them off.

Thinking back on how Gao Shun had made things difficult for him in every way back then…

However, he had now returned the favor, which made him feel a lot better. His blows just now indeed contained traces of his personal grudge.

"Cough cough…"

After coughing a few times in succession, Gao Shun finally stood up with a disheveled expression. He was both angry and aggrieved in his heart, and his face was flushed red from holding it in. It was obvious that he was furious.