Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 97: Sorry I’m Late!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Hearing this, the expressions of the people from the Huolie and Shenshan sects changed drastically, and an ominous premonition arose in their hearts.

Could it be that the Xuanyin sect was not going to spare anyone?

Moments later, terrifying power erupted from the patriarch’s body and transformed into a huge palm that smashed down toward the mountain guardian array formation.

Damn it! This group of people from the Xuanyin sect had gone crazy!

Seeing this, those from the Huolie and Shenshan sects were filled with despair.

The Xuanyin sect was not going to let them go! The patriarch had given them his reply in the form of an attack.

Could it be that this old man intended to destroy the Huolie and Shenshan sects after destroying the Qingyun sect?

Their hearts were filled with despair and unwillingness.

Right at this moment, that huge palm flew toward the mountain guardian array formation and slammed into it.

Boom!

The two forces collided, and the shockwaves from the impact spread out into the surroundings.

In an instant, many cultivators of the Qingyun sect felt dizzy, and those with lower cultivation levels were even injured. Only cultivators who had reached the true essence realm could barely resist these shockwaves.

Moreover, these shockwaves had been weakened by the mountain guardian array formation. If they had faced the shockwaves head-on, they would have been reduced to a pile of ashes.

The expressions of the elders of the Qingyun sect changed drastically after hearing a cracking sound.

The mountain guardian array formation, which had been emitting brilliant light, suddenly dimmed. At the same time, cracks appeared on the barrier.

However, the huge palm slowly dissipatedas well.

The shockwaves that had swept over Wan Shanhai and the others had been weakened by the mountain guardian array formation, but the people of the Xuanyin sect were not so lucky.

The terrifying shockwaves were wild and violent as they ravaged the area outside Qingyun Mountain.

Seeing this, the elders of the Xuanyin sect retreated rapidly. They channeled their spiritual power to form a solidified energy barrier to protect them.

The true essence realm cultivators that Li Wuji and Gu Da had caught earlier were discarded mercilessly by them. The two did not even have time to scream before they were turned into ashes. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The mountain guardian array formation was full of cracks after taking just one attack. It might not be able to take another hit.

At this moment, Ming He raised his hand with an indifferent expression. Once again, an enormous palm was condensed from his spiritual power.

“Disciples of the Qingyun sect, gather!”

At this moment, Wan Shanhai let out an angry roar. The spiritual power in his body suddenly surged forth. He waved his hand, and a longsword that was emitting a brilliant light and sword intent appeared in his hand.

“Sect leader! We are willing to live and die with the Qingyun sect!”

As soon as he finished speaking, countless cultivators of the Qingyun sect transformed into streams of light and gathered around Wan Shanhai. Tens of thousands of cultivators roared, and their voices filled the sky, causing the earth to tremble!

“Infuse your spiritual power into the array formation with me and protect the Qingyun sect!”

Wan Shanhai took a step forward, holding the longsword in his hand as he hovered in the air.

The elders quickly released their spiritual power as well!

Any cultivator who joined the Qingyun sect for more than half a year would be taught how to infuse their spiritual power into the mountain guardian array formation.

Of course, it was impossible for a single person to power the array formation with their strength alone. Instead, they had to gather everyone’s spiritual power and transform it into qi and blood essence to activate the second layer of the mountain guardian array formation.

Twenty thousand cultivators sat cross-legged. The spiritual power, qi and blood essence in their bodies surged forth and slowly flowed into the mountain guardian array formation.

Moments later, the mountain guardian array formation that was originally filled with cracks suddenly emitted resplendent blood-red light. A blood-red barrier suddenly appeared underneath the spider-silk-like cracks.

“A useless struggle!”

Seeing this, Ming He revealed a cold smile.

The huge palm suddenly released resplendent light as it flew through the air and ruthlessly smashed toward the mountain guardian array formation.

Bang!

Crack!

When the huge palm slammed into the mountain guardian array formation, the first layer of the barrier, which was already filled with cracks, shattered.

Bang!

The huge palm continued on, seeking to use its destructive might to break through thesecond blood-colored energy barrier.

In an instant, under the terrifying impact of the colliding forces, the blood-colored energy barrier distorted. The expressions of the 20,000 Qingyun sect cultivators changed, and their originally rosy faces turned extremely pale.

Suddenly, cracks appeared on the huge palm.

When everyone saw this scene, their eyes were filled with joy.

Could it really be blocked?

However, moments later, the cracked huge palm suddenly shattered, turning into countless sharp blades of light instantly pierced through the blood-colored energy barrier.

Pu!

The cultivators of the Qingyun sect all spat out fresh blood, and the aura around their bodies became erratic.

Fortunately, the backlash of the array formation shattering was dispersed among the sect leader, the various elders, and the 20,000 Qingyun sect cultivators. Otherwise, they would not have been able to resist this backlash at all.

Even so, many cultivators were still heavily injured.

However, the blades of light formed by the shattered giant palm did not disappear. They were once again filled with destructive power as they whistled toward the crowd.

At this moment, countless cultivators had despair written all over their faces.

Wan Shanhai wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth, his eyes were filled with madness.

He… had another method to resist this power!

He could self-destruct the true core in his body!

In addition to the sword intent that he had comprehended recently, there might still be a chance of blocking this attack!

However, just as the power in his dantian gradually turned violent, a gentle force suddenly descended out of nowhere and slowly stabilized his true core!

At the same time, incomparably resplendent sword qi suddenly soared into the sky from the direction of the Lingjiu peak. In the blink of an eye, it traversed through space and tore apart those blades of light with crushing force!

This soaring sword qi swept across the sky like a half-moon arc!

In an instant, countless clouds dissipated!

“Sorry, I’m late!”

A gentle voice suddenly rang out. However, those words contained a monstrous killing intent!

A tall figure suddenly appeared in the distance after those words were spoken.

He took a step forward and traversed space to arrive in the air above Qingyun Mountain!

He stood in the sky. His snow-white robe fluttered in the wind. His incomparably handsome face was stern. His starry eyes were filled with monstrous killing intent!