Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 98: The Greedy Li Wuji

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Ye Xuan!”

Li Wuji was the first to recognize Ye Xuan. His gaze seemed to be filled with monstrous killing intent. However, if one observed carefully, one would discover that there was a hint of greed in his eyes!

From Li Wuji’s perspective, Ye Xuan was able to survive the Five Poisons powder because he had obtained the treasures of a unity realm expert.

“Hehe, you sure took your time!”

Seeing him finally appear, Ming Xue smiled.

This guy was indeed hiding in the Qingyun sect, and probably only came out because there was nowhere to hide after the patriarch shattered the mountain guardian array formation.

However, his presence here would be useless anyway. Today, all of them would die!

“Ye Xuan, how did you…”

Wan Shanhai’s gaze fell on Ye Xuan as he revealed a complicated expression.

Although he did not hate Ye Xuan, it was ultimately because of the latter that the Qingyun sect was experiencing such a calamity!

“Ye Xuan, hurry up and escape!”

Lin Qing cried out anxiously.

If she had not guessed wrongly, Ye Xuan must have reached the golden core realm. As long as the rest of them stopped the Xuanyin sect at all costs, Ye Xuan had the best chance of escaping.

With Ye Xuan’s talent, he might be able to reach the peak of the core formation realm in the future, or even the unity realm, which no one had achieved in the Great Qian Dynasty for hundreds of years.

Then, he would avenge them.

This guy was too impulsive. Why did he appear at such a critical moment?

“Teacher!”

Yue and Li Qingyan’s eyes focused on their teacher’s figure, and their eyes turned red.

When the mountain guardian array formation had shattered, they had lost all hope. Although they did not regret it, their hearts were filled with sadness to not have been buried together with their teacher.

Still, they hoped that Ye Xuan would leave quickly!

They had not expected their teacher to suddenly appear!

Although their teacher was very strong, could he really face such a terrifying enemy?

The other party had mobilized the power of their entire sect. In addition to the thirteen core formation realm experts, they also had a peak core formation realm expert and three advanced-stage golden core realm experts!

Ming He stood in mid-air and stared at Ye Xuan expressionlessly.

This was Ye Xuan? The strongest genius who had suppressed the Great Qian Dynasty?

Although Ye Xuan had used his sword qi to directly destroy the blades of light formed by his giant palm attack, he was not bothered.

The remnant energy in the blades of light did not even constitute one percent of his strength!

However, when he saw Ye Xuan, the latter still piqued his interest.

Although he had been in secluded cultivation for hundreds of years, he had still heard of Ye Xuan’s feats and achievements. Today, he finally saw him in person!

What surprised him was that even though he had reached the peak of the core formation realm, he could not sense any aura fluctuations from Ye Xuan’s body.

Moreover, the latter would only exhibit some energy fluctuations the moment he made a move. Even so, he could not sense Ye Xuan’s exact cultivation level.

It was obvious that Ye Xuan had mastered an extremely high-level secret technique.

Moreover, with Ye Xuan’s talent, he was a rare super genius.

However, for the sake of the Xuanyin sect, this guy could not be allowed to live!

With his hands behind his back, Ming He said expressionlessly, “Kill him!”

He was too lazy to make a move personally. In the entire Qingyun sect, only the mountain guardian array formation from before was worth his effort.

Now that the mountain guardian array formation had been shattered, Ming Xue and the rest of the Xuanyin sect were more than enough to destroy the Qingyun sect.

Moreover, he could also take this opportunity to absorb all of the qi and blood essence from the slain cultivators here. Perhaps he might even condense another blood-red strand today.

Li Wuji, who was not far away, displayed a hint of excitement after hearing Ming He’s words.

At the same time, Li Wuji signaled an old man beside him.

The old man was called Gongsun Wuji. He was also one of Duan Wujie and Duan Wuyi’s teachers.

Gongsun Wuji had been in secluded cultivation earlier, so Li Wuji had handled the investigation of the murders himself.

Now that the Xuanyin sect was going to annihilate the Qingyun sect, Gongsun Wuji naturally had to make an appearance.

Moreover, the two of them were as close as brothers, so Li Wuji naturally told Gongsun Wuji about the possibility that Ye Xuan might have obtained some treasures of an ancient unity realm expert!

Since the patriarch was not bothered to make a move, then this opportunity would be theirs!

Whoosh!

Li Wuji and Gongsun Wuji looked at each other with greed-filled eyes.

In an instant, Li Wuji’s advanced-stage Xudan realm aura swept out. He pulled out a chain that exuded a destructive blood-colored aura.

This was Li Wuji’s weapon, a high-grade spirit weapon.

If one was entangled by the blood-colored power in the chain, even if one was a Xudan realm cultivator, the power of that person’s dantian would be temporarily sealed.

“Ye Xuan, hurry up and leave!”

Seeing this, Lin Qing clenched her teeth. She then rushed into the sky above Mount Qingyun.

She had to create an opportunity for Ye Xuan to escape. He could not die!

Although her efforts might be for naught, Lin Qing still made a move without hesitation!

She did not want this guy who gave her an inexplicable feeling to die just like that!

“It’s just a mere Xudan realm cultivator! I can handle it!”

Ye Xuan smiled and waved his hand slightly.

A gentle power instantly enveloped Lin Qing.

Seeing this, Lin Qing was startled. She was actually unable to break free from this power.

My… My guess was indeed correct. This guy had already reached the golden core realm.

“It’s time to settle my enmity with the Xuanyin sect!”

Ye Xuan used his fingers to form sword qi and looked expressionlessly at Li Wuji, who was flying toward him.

In the eyes of the disciples of the Qingyun sect, Li Wuji was as fast as lightning, making it impossible for anyone to dodge his charge.

However, in Ye Xuan’s eyes, Li Wuji was as slow as a tortoise!

Li Wuji and Gongsun Wuji had also been among the main group that besieged Ye Xuan that day! It was precisely because of this that the two of them wanted to eliminate the root of the problem after learning that Ye Xuan was still alive!

“Yue, Qingyan! Watch carefully! I will show you the how to use these techniques!”

Ye Xuan’s gaze was indifferent as he stood in mid-air, but his gentle voice was transmitted to Yue and Li Qingyan.

Hearing this, the two could not help but be shocked.

It was obvious that their teacher wanted to use his battle with the elders of the Xuanyin sect to teach them!

The distance between the two parties was less than a thousand meters, which could be bridged in the blink of an eye.

The chains in Li Wuji’s hands were filled with blood and qi essence that soared to the sky, and was like a group of snakes trying to entangle Ye Xuan.

Seeing this, a faint smile appeared on the corners of Ye Xuan’s mouth.

His index and middle fingers slowly came together, and then he gently slashed forward!

Although it was only one move, it contained endless sword qi. Sword qi suddenly materialized out of nowhere, and swept toward Li Wuji like a hurricane.