Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Global Slaughter: Awakening sss-level talent at the beginning Author: Young Master Qin

Introduction:

Tens of billions of people around the world come to the heavens to kill the world at the same time.

Hundreds of countries including Lighthouse Country, Dragon Country, Sakurajima Country compete!

Qin Feng awakened his supreme talent at the beginning!

SSS-level talent - endless extraction!

He can extract everything! Including extracting gods and demons!

【Successful extraction! You get space skills! 】

【Successful extraction! You get time skills! 】

[The extraction is successful! You get 100 strength attributes! 】

[The extraction is successful! You get 100 points of agility! 】

[The extraction is successful! You have obtained A-level talent! 】

[The extraction is successful! You have obtained an S-level talent! 】

[Successful extraction! You get SS-level talent! 】

Since then, Qin Feng has started the road of infinite harvesting......

Chapter 1 Awakening! SSS level talent

[The world of killing the heavens is about to open! 】

【This is the only chance for Blue Star to redeem himself! 】

[Able people aged 15-50 around the world will come to the heavens to kill the world at the same time. 】

[That is a **** world where there are many giant beasts, demons everywhere, and all races coexist. 】

[There is death and crisis, as well as resources and opportunities]

[There, you will die at any time, and you will gain eternal life. Wish you guys good luck! 】

…

An ethereal and cold voice echoed in the minds of tens of billions of Blue Stars...

Everyone was shocked!

Dragon Country, in a single-person rental house in a certain city.

Qin Feng was about to light a cigarette with a cigarette in his mouth when he heard such a voice.

He was startled.

The next second, with a flash of white light, he was pulled into a huge vortex of space.

After the white light disappeared, he found that he was already in an unfamiliar log cabin.

The wooden house is very simple, with yellow soil on the ground, dirty and black wooden walls, and a small space without even a bed.

[Welcome to No. 911 Novice Village, the initial number of each Novice Village is 1,000. 】

【You are now in a novice cabin! 】

[Reminder: The novice wooden house is blessed by heaven, and no one can break in without your consent. 】

[Reminder: Resting in the novice cabin, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled. 】

【Reminder: From now on, you can use the Tiandao light screen... 】

In the next second, a lot of information poured into Qin Feng's mind

As soon as he thought about it, a translucent panel appeared in front of him.

There are two options at the bottom right of the panel: [Personal Information] [Chat Channel]

As soon as he thought about it, he entered his personal information, and a brand new page appeared.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Level]: Level 1 (0/100)

【Strength】: 8

[Agility]: 9

[Physical]: 8

【Energy】: 28

[Talent]: Unawakened

[Skill]: None

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 1 star

After reading the data, Qin Feng was curious, his combat power evaluation is 1 star, what level is this?

Thinking of this, he clicked on the chat channel, and the chat was already hot.

Many people's avatars are beating.

Those avatars do not have any beauty, 100% feedback on their true appearance.

Next to the avatar, there is each person's name and age.

Qin Feng also saw his avatar, still as handsome, with the age of 22 marked next to him.

However, he didn't bother to pay attention to everyone's appearance, and his eyes fell on everyone's chatting content.

At this moment, everyone was shocked by what happened to them.

"I'm in a cabin, I'm so flustered! Who can tell me what's going on?"

"Upstairs, we were thrown into a killing world by Tiandao, and we are likely to die!"

"Woo~woo~! I haven't had a boyfriend yet! I don't want to die yet!"

"Don't panic girl upstairs, we won't necessarily die. Let's take a look at our data first! Everyone, my combat rating is 1 star, how much are you?"

"I am also 1 star!"

"1 star as above!"

"It seems that everyone's combat assessment is the same!"

"It's not the same! I'm at the limit of 1 star, and I'm only one line away from 2 stars."

"Hey! Upstairs, why are you at the 1-star limit? What is your strength, agility, physique, and energy index?"

"My strength is 18, my agility is 13, my constitution is 14, and my energy is 7."

"Strength 18! My strength is only 9, and you are twice my strength."

"Wow! Dude, your stats for the first three items are so high! I'll mess with you in the future!"

"Everyone has won the prize. I, Wang Qiang, are a boxing fan. I usually like to practice strength, so my strength index is higher."

"Everyone, from Wang Qiang's data, it should be that the higher the star rating, the stronger the combat power!"

"Yeah! I envy Wang Qiang so much! He's actually a 1-star extreme warrior, and we all only have 1 star..."

When Qin Feng saw this, he had a general understanding of the situation.

It seems that combat power is related to the four-dimensional index.

By increasing the four-dimensional index, you can increase your combat power.

At present, most people's combat power is 1-star, and only a few people have reached the 1-star limit.

Afterwards, he silently peeked at the screen for a while, and learned that this was the chat channel of No. 911 Novice Village, and the world chat channel was not yet open.

From the data disclosed by everyone, it can be seen that the average value of the four-dimensional index of normal people is 10 points for each item.

Qin Feng looked at his data.

His strength, agility, and physique did not reach 10 points, which should be related to his thin and small physique.

But his energy index reached an astonishing 28 points.

Looking at the chat area, the energy index of the highest person is only 13 points, which is less than half of his.

But at this moment, Tiandao's voice echoed in everyone's mind again.

[Announcement: In one minute, your innate abilities will be awakened according to your four-dimensional index and nature. 】

[Reminder: Innate abilities are divided into nine levels: F, E, D, C, B, A, S, SS, and SSS. The F grade is the weakest and the SSS grade is the highest. 】

[Reminder: Talents above SS level are unique. Wish you guys good luck! 】

As soon as the news came out, the chat channel was in a frenzy.

"Fuck~! It's time to awaken your talent!"

"So excited! I don't know what level of talent I will awaken? Hope it's not too bad!"

"Yeah! I'm so worried that I've awakened a **** talent!"

"Hey! Talents above SS level are unique, what does this mean?"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"That means, each type of talent above SS level is unique, and there will be no two people who awaken the same talent above SS level."

"Wow! So, SS-level talent must be extremely powerful and extremely rare."

"Of course!"

When Qin Feng saw this, he was also muttering in his heart.

What level of talent will you awaken?

Om~!

At this moment, a white light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head.

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling golden light lit up on his body, and a reminder sounded in his mind.

[Congratulations on your awakening SSS-level talent ability - endless extraction. 】

what!

He actually awakened his SSS-level talent!

Qin Feng was ecstatic

Chapter 2 kills! Shocked the audience!

By the way, what's the use of this endless extraction?

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, the goal was concentrated in the talent column, and a line of explanation automatically appeared.

[Endless Extraction: Extraction can be initiated on all targets, and unexpected effects can be obtained. 】

This explanation is a bit vague, it seems that I have to think about it before I know the effect.

By the way, I don't know what talent other people have awakened?

Thinking of this, he quickly switched to the chat channel, which was full of jubilation.

"Haha! Awakened! Lao Tzu's talent has awakened! Lao Tzu is an E-level talent - strength enhancement, when using talent, the strength is doubled."

"Haha! I am speed enhancement. When using talent, the speed is doubled!"

"Mine isn't bad either! My physique is strengthened, and when I use my innate ability, my defense ability is doubled."

"Fuck~! Mine is actually a D-level talent—flame manipulation!"

"Wow! I can control the ice! I'm no longer an ordinary person, I'm a superman! Haha!"

"Haha! Interesting! This world is so interesting!"

"My talent is to enhance the sense of smell, it can only improve the sense of smell by 10 times. TMD! It is the worst F-level talent!"