Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, the light disappeared.

He slowly opened his eyes with a look of ecstasy.

Upgraded!

He finally reached level 2!

At this moment, he clearly felt that he had become stronger.

The whole person has become stronger, no longer the thin and small body that he used to be.

Even the skin becomes smooth and delicate, with a healthy glow and full of the beauty of muscle lines.

It can be seen that upgrading can strengthen the physique and bring real benefits to people.

It also reminds him that this is a real world, not a virtual game.

As long as he continues to upgrade and become stronger, one day, he will be able to fly to the ground and gain immortality.

Having said that, from level 1 to level 2, each index increases by 10 points, and there are also 5 free attribute points.

This suddenly widened the distance between Level 2 and Level 1.

Qin Feng just wanted to check his information.

At this moment, a white light lit up on the wolf corpse again, and a black treasure chest emerged.

[Succeeded in killing the silver-backed gray wolf! The Black Iron Treasure Chest is Exploded! 】

exploded!

It finally exploded!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng looked at the black iron treasure chest with joy.

With a 1% explosion rate, he actually exploded, luck is really good!

Chapter 12 is super cool! Out of luck!

Qin Feng stepped forward excitedly and picked up the treasure chest.

[Dark Iron Treasure Chest: 98% chance to open first-order items, 2% chance to open second-order items. 】

I don't know what items can be opened in this treasure chest?

Qin Feng didn't think much and opened the treasure chest directly.

Om~!

A burst of white light came on.

The treasure chest disappeared, and Qin Feng had a long sword with a black handle and a white blade in his hand, which looked very cool like a samurai sword.

【Treasure box opened successfully! Get the second-order item—Blood Wolf Sword! 】

[Blood Wolf Sword: Made of titanium alloy, fused with wolf essence and blood, hard texture, extremely sharp, attack power +15, wound tearing +100%. 】

A second-order item was actually opened!

Qin Feng is ecstatic again!

With a 2% chance of opening a Tier 2 item, he bumped into it again.

He is really lucky and has many surprises!

Maybe, he is still the first person in this novice area to have Tier 2 equipment.

Qin Feng fondly stroked the blood wolf sword, feeling the cold air emanating from the white blade, which was particularly piercing.

The quality of this knife is much better than the steel knife in his hand.

Its attack power is +15, which is 10 points higher than the first-order steel knife.

Even better, it also has a side property.

[Wound tear + 100%: After being wounded by this knife, the wound is difficult to heal and will cause continuous damage. 】

"Not bad! Not bad! What a good knife!"

Qin Feng stroked the blade with joy.

Then, he packed the steel knife in his hand with several other steel knives and carried it on his back.

At this point, he changed the shotgun to the gun, and finally had a decent piece of equipment.

After doing this, he came to the body of the silver-backed gray wolf again and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Gain 3 Dexterity Attributes! 】

Qin Feng was surprised.

The mutant beast is different, and it provides him with 3 attributes all at once, which is much stronger than the ordinary level 1 beast.

Ow~~ woo~~!

At this moment, there were several wolf howls not far away.

Qin Feng looked up quickly, and saw five prairie gray wolves, rushing towards this side.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

It was when they heard the howl of the silver-backed gray wolf that they came to help.

"Just in time!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed, raised the blood wolf sword, and rushed towards the wolves.

Now that his level has improved and his strength has soared, he can just verify it.

Besides, the prairie gray wolf is an ordinary level 1 beast, and its strength is not comparable to that of a level 1 mutant beast.

Even if the five heads join forces, he is not afraid.

In just a moment, the two sides meet!

War is imminent!

A bad wolf pounced first.

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed straight away!

Knife light cuts through the sky!

Kacha~!

Bloodshot!

That knife started from the hardest skull and cut all the way to the buttocks, splitting the wolf in half!

The process is very smooth, there is no stagnation at all.

Nice knife!

Qin Feng was delighted, and rushed up again, like chopping melons and vegetables, one knife at a time, chopping wolves...

All of a sudden, the wolves in the field screamed again and again, and blood flew everywhere...

[Successfully killed the 1st-level Prairie Gray Wolf and gained +30 energy points! 】

[Successfully killed the 1st-level Prairie Gray Wolf and gained +30 energy points! 】

[Successfully killed the 1st-level Prairie Gray Wolf and gained +30 energy points! 】

…

One after another, white light of energy flew out from the wolf corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body...

The warm and comfortable feeling washed over his body in waves.

In just a moment, he beheaded all five wolves.

One person kills five wolves!

Less than three minutes before and after!

Unparalleled combat power!

A breeze blows, the grassland is like the sea, the waves are undulating, and the front of the clothes dances with the wind.

There was a thick smell of blood in the air.

Qin Feng glanced at the wolf corpses all over the ground, and then carefully wiped the blood from the blade.

These prairie gray wolves are of no use to him. They have already been fully extracted by him, and there is no value in continuing to extract them.

However, he killed five wolves in a row and gained 150 energy points, which greatly accelerated his upgrade progress.

I don't know, what level progress is he now?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the attribute panel.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Level]: Level 2 (220/300)

【Reputation】: 1

[Strength]: 30 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 34 (speed enhancement, E level)

[Physical]: 38 (Anti-drug +100%, no talent yet)

[Energy]: 44 (supervision of vision, E grade; enhanced sense of smell, F grade)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level),

[Skill]: Eye of True Sight

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 3 stars

[Free attribute]: 5

good! good!

After reading the data, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

His combat rating has reached 3 stars.

In terms of comprehensive strength, it can definitely reach 5 stars.

5 stars is the strength of a level 3 beast.

By the way, I still have 5 free attributes.

How to add this?

After thinking for a while, Qin Feng plans to add more later.

Anyway, he's not in a hurry now.

At this moment, he glanced at the attribute panel again and was stunned.

Under the level column, there was a reputation.

He actually has 1 reputation point.

How did this reputation come about?

With a thought, he switched to the Tiandao light screen homepage.

Sure enough, there was a new announcement on the screen's homepage.

[Announcement: Newcomer Qin Feng completes the first kill of a level 1 mutant beast, rewarding him with 1 reputation. 】

[Reminder: Prestige value is extremely precious. When the prestige value reaches a certain standard, you can get the blessing of heaven. 】

[Reminder: Only the person who kills the level 1 mutant beast for the first time can gain prestige. If someone kills a level 1 mutant beast in the future, they will not be able to gain prestige. 】

Seeing this, he suddenly realized, with joy in his eyes.

There was too much information before, and he did not notice this announcement.

"interesting!"