Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised.

With this function, it will be much easier for him to summon all the villagers in the future.

At the same time, it is much easier for the villagers to return to the village to rest.

In addition, this special teleport function can also save the lives of villagers in some critical moments.

good! good!

This function is so useful!

Qin Feng was very satisfied and continued to look at the next function.

[One-key return: corresponds to the one-key return to the village function. After use, you can directly return to the previous position in the wild from the novice cabin,]

Ha ha!

This one is also good!

This function complements the one-key return to the village.

In the future, after taking a rest in the novice cabin, click 'Return with one button', and then you can return to the position in the wild before, without having to rush again.

It's so cool!

good! good!

Sure enough, after the village was established, various benefits for the convenience of the people came.

Qin Feng was overjoyed and couldn't help but click on "One Key Return to the Village" to try the function.

A minute later, with a flash of white light, he disappeared in place.

At the same moment, Qin Feng only felt that the world was spinning, and there was white light in front of him.

After a few seconds, those white lights dissipated, and he was pleasantly surprised to find that he had returned to the novice cabin.

Looking at the yellow dirt floor, the dirty and black wooden walls, the small space, and the small wooden house without even a bed.

A warm feeling rose in his heart.

Here is his starting point!

[Reminder: One-click to return to the village successfully, you have returned to the novice cabin. 】

[Reminder: The novice wooden house is blessed by heaven, and no one can break in without your consent. 】

[Reminder: Resting in the novice cabin, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled. 】

No wonder there is such a warm feeling.

It turns out that resting in the novice cabin, the speed of physical and energy recovery is doubled!

good! good!

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

He hasn't rested for nearly two days and two nights, and he really needs to find a safe place to rest.

After all, he is still a mortal, and he can't do it without sleep.

This novice wooden house is very suitable as a place to rest.

Even better, it could drastically shorten human rest periods.

As a result, in this novice stage full of fierce competition, it has played a huge role.

You can spend a lot of time saved for killing monsters and upgrading, which can greatly increase the probability of passing the novice assessment.

For the same reason, this is also one of the ways for the villagers of Longyuan Village to widen the gap in strength with other villages.

At the moment, Qin Feng is ready to continue watching.

But at this moment, cheers came from outside the wooden house one after another.

"Haha! I'm back! I'm back!"

"I'm back too! I'm really back at the novice cabin!"

"Cool! It's so cool!"

"Hey! It's so comfortable to stay in the novice cabin!"

"Brothers, come out for a walk! Let's go to the square to raise a bonfire and bake some plump meat. Let's celebrate!"

"Haha! Great idea!"

It turned out that the villagers returned to their wooden houses one by one through the function of returning to the village with one key.

At this moment, they couldn't hold back their excitement, and one by one they walked out of the wooden house and came to the street to celebrate enthusiastically.

At this moment, the entire Longyuan Village fell into a joyful atmosphere.

This is also the first time that the whole village has gathered together.

It's no longer about connecting with each other through chat channels.

In the wooden house, Qin Feng was quite happy when he heard the movement outside.

At this time, some voices came from outside.

"Everyone, let's hurry up and rest. After the physical strength and energy are recovered, we will continue to kill monsters and upgrade. The new book assessment has not ended yet, and everyone has not reached level 10. We can't relax!"

"That's right! We can't relax!"

"Haha! What are you afraid of? With the current strength of our Longyuan Village, everyone can kill monsters at a higher level. Even some big bosses can kill monsters at the third level. With the strength of our village, it is not difficult to pass the novice assessment. "

"Having said that, but we can't relax! However, today is the first day we built the village, and it's a day worth celebrating. It's okay for everyone to go to the square and have a bonfire party."

"Yes! After everyone has eaten and drank enough, isn't it beautiful to go to rest!"

"Hee hee! My little sister has learned dance before. Tonight, I will dance a few folk dances to cheer everyone up!"

"Wow, awesome!"

"By the way! Where is the boss of Qin Feng? There is no boss to hold a celebration meeting, but it can't be done!"

"Boss Qin Feng should be studying how to build a village! I suggest that everyone don't disturb him first. Everyone leaves the best position for the boss. He is coming to the party and can come at any time."

"That's right! That's right! Having said that, our 'village operation interface' has not been studied yet."

"Haha! Let's go! Everyone is gathering while studying the interface."

"Wow! It's been two days and two nights! I haven't been so happy for a long time! I haven't been so relaxed!"

"Hey! People from other villages, in order to save time, still live a life of eating and sleeping in the open air and drinking blood. It's as comfortable as we are."

"Yeah! We can go back to the village as long as we press a button. We can return to the same place by pressing a button again, and we will not waste any time on the road."

"What's even better is that the function of the wooden house can greatly improve our recovery speed. This is a virtuous circle!"

"Yeah! It's such a blessing to have a village! It's so cool!"

"Thanks to the boss Qin Feng for all this!"

"I really want Boss Qin Feng to also come to the celebration. I want to confess to him!"

"Sister, you will scare the boss away like this!"

"Haha! Everyone, let's go! Let's celebrate!"

0

At this moment, there was thunderous cheers outside the wooden house.

Qin Feng was also infected by the joy of everyone.

His mood also became better.

However, instead of walking out of the wooden house, he continued to study the 'village chief operating interface'.

I saw that there are two options at the bottom right of the operation interface.

One is [Create Channel], the other is [Exchange Channel]

He clicked to create a channel and displayed the initial information of 'Longyuan Village'.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 0

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice king)

[Village population]: 937 peopleFindd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

【Public buildings】: 0.

At present, there is only one creation function inside a level 0 village, which is to upgrade the [novice cabin]

[Level 0 Novice Cabin: In the sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled]

[Level 1 Novice Cabin: In the non-sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled; in the sleep state, the recovery speed is tripled. 】

[Reminder: Upgrade the novice cabin from level 0 to level 1, you can get the blessing of heaven and get 50 attribute rewards. 】

what!

Fuck it~!

Upgrade the wooden house, and you can even get attribute rewards!

good! good!

Qin Feng was delighted to see it.

He continued to read the following introduction.

[Reminder: In a level 0 village, a villager's novice cabin can only be upgraded to level 1 at most. The new book cabin of the village chief, which can be upgraded to level 2 at most. 】

[Reminder: Upgrade the novice cabin from level 1 to level 2, you can get the blessing of heaven and get 100 attribute rewards. 】

wow!

From level 1 to level 2, the benefits are even greater.

At present, Longyuan Village is still a level 0 village, and only he is qualified to upgrade the wooden house to level 2.

This is the prerogative of the village chief!

Really cool!

As for upgrading the novice cabin to level 3, you need to upgrade the first village to level 1 first.

Only in a level 1 village, the village chief's log house has the authority to upgrade to level 3, and the villager's log house has the authority to upgrade to level 2.

Qin Feng checked again and found the conditions for a level 0 village to be upgraded to a level 1 village.

【Population reaches more than 500】

[The village chief needs to obtain the title of "Rookie Emperor"]

[The village chief's novice cabin needs to be upgraded to level 2]

[In the village, there are more than 100 first-class wooden houses]

[In the village, the number of level 10 strong people reaches more than 10]

The first one, Longyuan Village has been satisfied.

For the second and third, Qin Feng is confident that he will be able to do it soon.

The trouble is the latter two, which require the joint efforts of all the villagers.

Level 1 Village!

He must be upgraded.

Because only level 1 villages have permission to build the first public building - the guardian altar.

That was also the biggest cost for Longyuan Village to fight against the Heavenly Punisher after the novice assessment.

So, he had to go to upgrade the village.

"By the way, I'll upgrade the novice cabin first and see how it works!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to check the upgrade conditions of the wooden house