Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the time column dissipated, and the reward of soul power ended!

The players around have also slowed down!

They looked at Qin Feng one by one, full of awe!

At this moment, no one dared to despise Qin Feng anymore, and there was only awe in his heart.

Even, Qin Feng has risen to the same height as the young master of Capricorn in their hearts, which makes them only look up and be in awe.

In the crowd, the black-robed old man and the purple-robed contestant were all blushing and embarrassed.

They had ridiculed Qin Feng before, but now their faces were slapped, which made them a little uneasy.

It was at this moment that someone couldn't help but exclaim.

"I really didn't expect that there are people in this world who are above understanding and can be on par with the young master of Capricorn!"

"Yeah! It is rumored that the young master Capricorn is the most savvy among the geniuses in the star field. Now it seems that he has an opponent!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly and looked at Qin Feng with more respect.

But at this moment, another sour voice sounded.

"That's not necessarily the case! Young Master Capricornus is a son of a big family, with a profound background, this person is definitely not as good as Young Master Capricorn!"

The one who spoke was still the chubby player!

Up to now, for the sake of face, he is still stubborn.

However, as soon as his words came out, everyone showed their thoughts and felt that there was some truth.

After all, Young Master Capricornus is a son of a big family, and he is also recognized as the first genius of comprehension in the Star Alliance!

This unfamiliar young man, I am afraid that he is really inferior to the young master of Capricorn.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But that thought came, and the sky shook again!

Another white reward beam of light fell from the sky and landed in front of Qin Feng again...

In the beam of light, there is a azure treasure chest with glowing rays of light, slowly falling along the beam of light...

"That...that's...My God! That's a Creation-level treasure chest!"

Someone exclaimed!

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the whole audience was shocked!

Everyone's mouths were wide open, looking at the treasure chests in the air in disbelief!

That's the Creation Treasure Box!

This means that Qin Feng's reward is not the first time, but the second time.

The Capricorn Young Master also received the second reward when he was on the 100th floor.

But Qin Feng got it on the 50th floor!

It turned out that in addition to the eighth-grade soul power, the second reward will also reward a Creation-level treasure chest!

Oh my God!

This young man is too scary!

He was actually on the fiftieth floor and got the second reward, which is much more powerful than the young master of Capricorn!

Thinking of this, the eyes of everyone looking at Qin Feng suddenly became extremely awe-inspiring!

The chunky player was stunned on the spot, completely speechless!

This time, Qin Feng slapped his face too hard!

It's like completely blowing the old face of the chubby player, not even the last bit of face!

At this moment, the treasure box fell in front of Qin Feng...

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes and looked at the treasure chest in front of him with a smile on his face.

[Creation-level treasure chest: 90% probability to open low-grade god-level peak items, 8% probability to open middle-grade god-level items, 2% probability to open middle-grade god-level peak items]

Another unexpected gain!

Qin Feng smiled and put away the treasure chest.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He is in no hurry to open the treasure chest now.

After all, there are people watching all around.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at everyone.

Everyone took a deep breath, didn't dare to look at him, and avoided their eyes one after another.

The black-robed old man and the purple-robed contestant lowered their heads in fright, not even daring to breathe!

Qin Feng swept past them, and finally glanced at the chubby player with a half-smile.

The chunky contestant was terrified.

At this moment, Qin Feng glanced at him with a half-smile, and he was instantly frightened.

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled coldly, ignored it, and walked straight to the fifty-first floor...

Everyone silently watched the back of his departure, they didn't dare to break in, and they even held their breath!

It was not until Qin Feng's figure disappeared on the 50th floor that the depressed atmosphere in the field eased a little, and many people breathed a sigh of relief!

"Hoo~! That person is finally gone!"

Someone breathed a sigh of relief.

The expressions of everyone also eased, and they couldn't help sighing.

"I didn't expect that person to get the second reward on the fiftieth floor. Could it be that he got 2 points when he was on the fiftieth floor?"

"It must be 2 points! Otherwise, how could he get the second reward?"

"This... But as far as the old man knows, the maximum score for each floor is 3 points. In this way, at the 50th floor, the maximum score is 150 points, how can that person get 2 points? Is it difficult, he can score every floor 4 points?"

"4 points? That's impossible! I've never heard of such a thing!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded, and felt that it was unlikely.

But at this moment, an old man in yellow robe raised his head strangely.

"Everyone, the old man once heard a rumor and thought it was false. Now it seems that it should be true!"

"Brother, what is the rumor?"

Everyone looked at the old man in yellow robe.

The old man took a deep breath and said, "It is rumored that as long as the results of each level assessment reach the first place in the history of this hall, and it is completed within 1 minute, then there is a chance to get 4 points!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience instantly fell silent!

The atmosphere became depressing again!

The shock in everyone's heart is even stronger!

After a long time, the atmosphere in the audience calmed down.

In the crowd, the black-robed old man swallowed his saliva and looked up at the fifty-first floor with hesitation in his eyes.

He knew that Qin Feng was on the fifty-first floor.

He also cleared the 50th floor and could go to the 51st floor.

But at this moment, he did not dare to go to the fifty-first floor, afraid to meet Qin Feng again.

The chubby player was even more restless, and sat there in a state of despair.

Until this moment, he didn't know what a terrible existence he had offended.

This completely panicked him, and he couldn't calm down any longer. His Dao heart has been messed up, and the perception of this level is doomed to fail...

For these, Qin Feng naturally does not know.

At this time, he had reached the fifty-first floor.

On that floor, there were only twenty-one players in total.

Everyone closed their eyes and realized that no one paid any attention to his arrival.

Seeing this, Qin Feng waved his hand quickly, and there was an azure treasure chest in front of him, which was the 'creation-level treasure chest'.

No one is paying attention right now, he just opened a treasure chest.

Qin Feng also wanted to know whether the treasure box that Tiandao rewarded this time could open treasures that would help him in his assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng directly opened the treasure chest.

With his status as the 'Lord of Destiny', he is not worried about opening low-level treasures at all.

Om~!

I saw the white light lit up, and the treasure chest in Qin Feng's hand disappeared...

In the next second, there was an extra yellow spar in his hand!

The size of the spar fist, the whole body exudes a dazzling aura, and the breath is extraordinary!

[Original Crystal of Earth: The pinnacle of middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Using this strange object can make the space possess the attribute laws of all soils]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised.

This was actually the Origin Crystal of Earth, which was one of the treasures he needed.

In this way, he has collected all the source crystals of fire, water, wind, and earth, and he can promote the zero-dimensional space to the high-grade **** rank.

Om~!

Before Qin Feng was happy, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him...

The assessment on the fifty-first floor began like this.

Qin Feng hurriedly closed his eyes and dealt with the assessment first...

Soon, he entered a state of epiphany!

I don't know how long ago, when Qin Feng opened his eyes again, the rhyme restriction on him was broken!

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the soul dao rhyme of this layer, your control of the soul dao law has deepened, and the combat power is +430,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 51st step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 17 seconds in the fifty-first step assessment and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

At the 50th level, his clearance time was 23 seconds!

In the fifty-first level, he only took 17 seconds!

This is the benefit you get after absorbing the eighth-grade soul power!

Om~!

At this moment, the token in his hand lit up, and the information was updated again...

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

[Pass the level]: Step 51

[Cumulative score]: 204 points

[Assessment Rewards]: Accumulated 2 times

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

It seems that the extra reward is really powerful!

If he gets a few extra rewards and clears the 999th floor, the problem will not be big.