Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Even, he has hope to hit the top five of the Daozi list.

With this thought, he looked forward to the next assessment even more.

correct!

Just got the 'Earth Origin Crystal', it's time to give the Mirage a clone and let him upgrade the zero-degree space.

Upgrading space is also a big deal for Qin Feng.

And the zero-degree space is in the body of the phantom mirage, so it is natural to let it deal with it.

With this in mind, Qin Feng put the 'Original Crystal of Earth' into the trading channel.

After doing this, he walked to the fifty-second floor...dry.

Chapter 748 Break into the top five! lead to uproar!

Soon, Qin Feng reached the fifty-second floor.

There are only fourteen players on that floor, and the number of players is getting smaller and smaller.

Qin Feng quickly completed the assessment, which took 17 seconds, and scored 4 points.

Next, he entered the fifty-third floor.

The fifty-third floor is the beginning of the fifth cycle!

A loop every 13 levels!

Each cycle is twice as difficult as the previous one, or even more.

really!

In the 53rd level, Qin Feng spent 36 seconds to break the level successfully!

This is more than double the time spent on level 52.

According to this progress, he will start the sixth cycle, which will take more than 1 minute, and he will lose the chance to win 3 times.

However, Qin Feng is not in a hurry, the hole cards in his hand have not started to be used!

In this way, Qin Feng silently broke through...

At the same time, something was happening in the Temple of Creation.

At the entrance from the Temple of Creation to the Temple of Fortune, the Mirage clone looked at the six people in front of him with joy.

Those six people were Di Jiang, Jumang, Feng Xi and others.

They have refined the resources given by Qin Feng, and their strength has soared!

The battle strength of Di Jiang and Jumang has even exceeded 550,000 stars.

With such combat power, the probability of winning a super god-level evaluation has increased to 30%.

Of course, when Di Jiang and Jumang break through to the demigod realm, their strength will skyrocket again.

At that time, the chances of Di Jiang and the two of them winning the super-god-level evaluation will greatly increase.

"Dad, then let's go to the assessment!"

At this time, Di Jiang said in a milky voice.

The little guy's face was full of joy.

The Mirage clone smiled slightly: "Go! Come to me when you finish the assessment!"

"Um!"

Di Jiang and others nodded.

Afterwards, the Mirage clone gave a few more words, and the six Dijiang left with confidence.

This time, they are going to participate in the final assessment of the demigod realm and begin to advance to the demigod realm.

The Mirage clone looked at the backs of the six people, and his heart was full of expectations.

When the strength of the Dijiang six people increases greatly, the help to his body will also greatly increase!

After the six of Dijiang walked away, the Mirage clone walked in a certain direction.

He has to find a remote corner and use the 'Earth Origin Crystal' to promote the zero-dimensional space to the high-grade **** rank.

That is also a very important thing for Qin Feng.

In this way, the phantom avatar also began to busy himself with his own business...

At the same time, Qin Feng continued to pass the test.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, he broke into the sixty-fifth floor.

There were only seven players in the sixty-fifth floor, and all of them were very imposing.

But at this moment, the seven people opened their eyes wide and looked at Qin Feng in astonishment...

I saw Qin Feng, the rhyme prohibition, has been cracked inch by inch!

Kacha~!

A soft sound!

The prohibition exploded!

Turn into a little starlight and dissipate everywhere!

At the same time, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on realizing the rhythm of the Tao of Escape in this layer, your control of the laws of the soul is deepened, and the combat power is +510,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 65th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You cleared the level in 39 seconds in the 65th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

This level!

It took 39 seconds!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart!

According to the rules of this ladder, 13 levels are in a cycle, and the next step is the 66th step, and the difficulty will be more than doubled!

In other words, it took him about 80 seconds to pass that level.

80 seconds!

That's already over the 1 minute limit!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

It seems that at the beginning of the next level, he has to use some hole cards.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 66th floor stairs.

If he wants to get the best results, he must try his best to get more than 4 points in the previous level.

Because the higher the level, the more difficult it is, and the less likely it is to get a high score.

Time to use the hole cards!

With this in mind, Qin Feng accelerated his speed and rushed to the 66th floor under the shocked eyes of the players.

Having said that, after passing the 65th floor, the points in his hand reached 260 points.

If he wants to get the third reward, he needs to wait until the 75th level!

Of course, he also had to guarantee that from level 66 to level 75, he could get 4 points.

And the next level 66 is a challenge for him...

After a while, Qin Feng reached the 66th floor.

There are only five players on that floor!

At this moment, Qin Feng was standing on the stairs, feeling a little nervous.

He also doesn't know if his hole card can shorten the perception time...

If the effect is not ideal, it will have a great impact on his next plan!

Just when he was thinking about it, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him...

The 66th floor test has begun!

Soon, an earth-shattering power of Dao rhyme poured into his sea of ​​consciousness...

At the same time, Qin Feng's thoughts also poured into those Dao rhymes, and he began to understand Dao rhyme...

But this time, he did not instantly enter the state of epiphany, and there was an inexplicable irritability in his heart!

Sure enough!

The difficulty of this level has increased!

He couldn't enter the epiphany state for the first time!

In this way, it is impossible for him to understand this layer of Dao rhyme within a minute.

It seems that he has to use his hole cards!

Om~!

As soon as his mind moved, Qin Feng's mind suddenly burst into light!

A snow-white lotus phantom slowly emerged, exuding an incomparably holy light!

That is exactly - the mind of the Holy Lotus!

Open twelve petals!

The ultimate god-level!

Om~!

As soon as the phantom of the holy lotus appeared, Qin Feng's soul power was blessed, and his breath soared all the way...

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's mental strength reached a very high level, and he instantly realized the meaning of that wave of rhyme...

In his sea of ​​consciousness, scenes of illusions appeared automatically.

In that vision, he saw flowers blooming and falling, vegetation withering, seeds sprouting, and fallen leaves returning to their roots...

From life to death, and from death to life!

Life and death, life and death!

This level is the rhyme of the wood system, and Qin Feng actually sensed the meaning of reincarnation from it, which is extremely profound...

There was also a sense of enlightenment in his heart...

That wonderful feeling filled his heart again...

Time passed by second by second!

When Qin Feng opened his eyes again, the restraint on him was broken!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on realizing the rhythm of the Dao of Escape in this layer, your control of the law of the soul is deepened, and the combat power is +570,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 66th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You cleared the level in 21 seconds on the 66th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng laughed!

The successful breakthrough of this level actually allowed him to increase his combat power by 570,000 stars, which was a lot higher than the last time.

Sure enough, the greater the difficulty, the greater the reward!

He took another look at his basic combat power, and it just reached 2 billion stars!

This is the upper limit of the limit of the Lord God!

Of course, this is just an upper limit in the usual sense.

Some excellent master gods with extreme powers can completely exceed this standard.