Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

And compared with the strength of the quasi-god king, it is far worse.

The combat power of the quasi-god king is 5 billion to 100 million stars.

He is far from the threshold of the quasi-god king.

Qin Feng didn't know that Lucius would kill the Blue Star Realm in two days.

And Lucius is a powerful quasi-god-king!

However, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied with the results of this assessment.

He didn't expect that with the blessing of the Holy Lotus of Mind, his clearance time was shortened to 21 seconds!

In this cycle, he can kill 4 points again.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt happy.

It was at this moment that he saw the five players in the field, all looking behind him in shock.

They were shocked by Qin Feng's consciousness, Saint Lotus!

Gather the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'!

That is a method that can only be mastered by the great power of the quasi-god king!

This young man has mastered it!

They couldn't believe their eyes!

Qin Feng smiled and rushed to the sixty-seventh floor under the watchful eyes of these five powerhouses...

In this way, Qin Feng continued to rush through one level after another!

With the blessing of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', he still maintains a terrifying score of 4 points per level!

In a blink of an eye, he reached the 75th floor!

75th floor!

As long as he gets 4 more points in this layer, he can get the third bonus!

I don't know what the third reward will be, what good things will be there?

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Having said that, there are only two players on the 75th floor.

The 76th and 77th floors above the 75th floor were all empty.

It was not until the 92nd floor that a middle-aged man appeared.

That person is the one with the best performance under the young master of Capricorn.

Below that man, the two players on the 75th floor were the best.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng has broken into the top five!

His performance also began to cause a sensation below!

More and more players began to pay attention to him.

Of course, Qin Feng doesn't care about those things!

Om~!

At this moment, a player in front of Qin Feng's body lit up with black light.

huh~!

In the next second, he disappeared out of thin air!

Seeing this scene, 4.2 Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

Afterwards, he wanted to understand that the person just now realized that he had timed out and was eliminated.

The eliminated players, Tiandao will send them directly back to the square!

So far, on the 75th floor, there is only a soap-robed man and Qin Feng left.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It was at this moment that the restraint on the soap-robed man was shattered inch by inch.

He actually broke through successfully!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The man in the soap robe opened his eyes from the meditation, his face full of ecstasy.

"Haha! Feng Mou finally succeeded in breaking through! Hey! This floor"

The man in the soap robe looked around and saw Qin Feng alone, and he was even more proud.

"It seems that only a certain Feng has broken through! Little brother, you have just broken into this floor! Feng Mou is going to the 76th floor, I hope the little brother can get there sooner, so that a certain Feng will not be lonely!"

The soap-robed man smiled and got up.

Qin Feng also smiled: "Congratulations to this fellow Taoist!"

The man in the soap robe was proud: "Little brother, I think you have an extraordinary temperament. It is estimated that within forty or fifty minutes, you will be able to successfully pass the level. We will meet on the 76th floor!"

As soon as the voice fell, the man in the soap robe walked towards the 76th floor with pride.

Qin Feng smiled.

With his strength, the two of them can meet soon, where do they need to wait forty or fifty minutes

Chapter seven hundred and forty-nine speed through the barrier! Absolutely crushed!

Soon, the figure of the soap-robed man disappeared on the 75th floor...

Qin Feng was alone in the entire staircase.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 75th floor, and the comprehension test will be started automatically, please prepare for players]

【Countdown: 3…】

The examination is about to begin!

When Qin Feng thought about it, the back of his head was enlightened, and the phantom of the holy lotus appeared in his mind!

His soul power aura began to soar all the way...

hum~!

Soon, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him, and the earth-shattering power of Dao rhyme poured into his sea of ​​consciousness...

Qin Feng quickly closed his eyes, his thoughts poured into Daoyun, and he instantly entered a state of epiphany...

That wonderful feeling once again emerged in his heart...

At the same moment, the 76th floor.

The soap-robed man looked around with a smug look on his face.

This floor was empty, and he was the only one.

So far, he is the third player to reach the 76th floor!

Besides him, there are only the young master Capricorn, and the Nine Spirits Venerable on the 92nd floor.

In other words, he ranked third in this comprehension test.

The top three results!

Even if he fails to break through this level, he is still honored to be defeated!

wrong!

He has another competitor!

The man in the soap robe suddenly remembered Qin Feng and couldn't help looking at the 75th floor.

pity!

Between the layers, there was a light curtain, and he couldn't see the situation on the 75th floor.

If you want to see the whole situation, you can only see it from the bottom square.

But that can only be seen from a distance, and many details cannot be seen.

However, the man in the soap robe was not worried.

"That kid looks very young, Ying 19 shouldn't be able to break into this layer!"

The soap-robed man smiled nonchalantly.

Before, he said that Qin Feng could break the level in forty or fifty minutes, and it was just a polite remark.

He didn't think that Qin Feng could clear the 75th floor.

In other words, he never regarded Qin Feng as an opponent from the beginning to the end!

In short, he has an inexplicable confidence in his heart...

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the head of the man in the soap robe!

The examination has begun!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He hurriedly sat down with his knees crossed and began to close his eyes and meditate...

At the same moment, inside the 75th floor.

Qin Feng stood in the field, his eyes were slightly closed, and he was fully immersed in his perception...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the forbidden mask around him began to crack!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy!

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on realizing the rhythm of the Dao of Strength at this level, your control over the Law of Strength and Dao has deepened, and the combat power is +640,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 75th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the 22-second exam on the 75th step and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

In just 22 seconds, it's over!

4 points again!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 3 points, you can claim the third extra reward]

Qin Feng was surprised!

The third reward is finally here!

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the third extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the seventh-grade soul power reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained 2 'Genesis-level Treasure Chests']

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, the sky shook!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...