Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, his spirit power and combat power momentum skyrocketed wildly all the way...

[Reminder: congratulations on absorbing the 'seventh-grade soul power', your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +70,000 stars]

[Reminder: The strength of your soul body has been strengthened to 3.77% of the Quasi-God King]

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After this, his combat power increased to 2.7 billion stars.

What's more, his soul power has increased again.

This will be very beneficial to his next assessment!

Om~!

At this time, another beam of light fell

Two sky-blue creation treasure chests slowly fell.

Qin Feng happily took it and opened the treasure chest directly.

Anyway, there is no one on the 75th floor, so he doesn't have to shy away...

After a while, the two treasure chests were successfully opened, and they obtained a group of 'source of divine power' and a group of 'source of soul power'.

Qin Feng is quite satisfied!

Later, he can use humane skills to 'reborn' to improve the qualifications of his subordinates.

In this way, the 'source of divine power' and the 'source of soul power' are not necessarily enough.

Now, he has two more regiments, which is a good addition.

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the treasure and walked to the 76th floor...

This time, his soul power has been strengthened a lot. I wonder how much time will be shortened for level 76?

Soon, Qin Feng's figure disappeared on the 75th floor.

At the same moment, on the stairs of the seventy-sixth floor.

The man in the soap robe was sitting cross-legged, fully comprehending the rhythm of Taoism.

At this moment, he frowned and was extremely irritable.

He has been meditating for half a minute, and he can't understand the essentials of this Guan Daoyun!

"Hey! The rhyme of this level is too difficult, I'm afraid I won't be able to pass this level!"

The soap-robed man muttered helplessly in his heart.

Afterwards, he muttered in his heart.

"However, even if I fail to comprehend, at least I get a third place, which is decent in terms of face. As for the kid from before, I will definitely not be able to break into me!"

Thinking of this, the man in the soap robe smiled again, and his originally irritable mood became a little better.

Swish~!

But at this moment, a figure jumped to the seventy-sixth floor stairs.

The sound of the feet landing suddenly startled the man in the soap robe.

He had never entered into meditation, so he couldn't help but open his eyes and follow the sound!

Boom~!

Seeing this, the man in the soap robe was shocked, his eyes were so wide that they were about to fall out!

He actually saw the young man from before!

No way? !

You don't have dazzling eyes, do you? !

Didn't this young man just break into the seventy-fifth floor!

Why did he suddenly reach the seventy-sixth floor? !

Count the time, it's less than a minute before and after!

The soap-robed man was dumbfounded!

"Friend, we meet again!"

At this time, Qin Feng greeted with a smile.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The soap-robed man just came to his senses!

He couldn't help swallowing his saliva, and said uncertainly, "Little... little brother, you... why did you come here?"

Qin Feng was stunned: "I'm here to break through!"

"Oh...oh, I...I mean, how did you get to the 76th floor so quickly? Then the 75th floor, you...you made it through?!"

The soap-robed man was a little incoherent.

However, even if he saw Qin Feng, he still couldn't believe that Qin Feng passed the 75th floor!

Because Qin Feng's speed is too fast!

He couldn't believe it at all!

As far as he knew, it took more than ten minutes for the young master Capricorn to break through the 75th level.

And this young man met twice before and after, I'm afraid it took less than a minute!

Could it be that within 30 seconds, this kid has completed the level!

is it possible? !

This is absolutely impossible!

This is too contrary to common sense!

Qin Feng looked at the puzzled face of the man in the soap robe, and couldn't help but smile: "Of course I broke through! Otherwise, how could I be here?"

"But...but..."

The soap-robed man still couldn't believe it, and wanted to say something else.

Om~!

Right here, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of Qin Feng's head...

Qin Feng closed his eyes involuntarily.

His test is about to begin!

The soap-robed man also immediately shut up.

It's just that his eyes were full of suspicion.

Is this a test?

Did this kid really pass level 75?

The soap-robed man muttered in his heart.

Om~!

At this moment, behind Qin Feng's head, the phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' appeared.

"Huh! That's..."

The man in soap robe suddenly widened his eyes!

Know the Holy Lotus!

Isn't that a means only possessed by quasi-god kings? !

This young man has mastered it!

Also, the holy lotus of the quasi-god king's consciousness mostly blooms with nine to ten petals!

This young man actually has twelve petals!

Oh my God!

Is that true? !

As we all know, the more petals the ‘Sacred Lotus of Mind’ blossoms, the stronger the blessing of soul power!

The twelve-petaled sacred lotus, even if it is a real **** king, can't condense it!

How could this young man be?

At this moment, the soap-robed man is a little messy!

903 He suddenly believed that Qin Feng passed the level in about 30 seconds.

But this idea came to me, and the mutation in the field regenerated!

Click~! Click~! click~!

A crisp sound came from the front...

The man was alarmed, and quickly looked at it, and saw that the mask on Qin Feng's body began to crack!

He was dumbfounded again!

Breaking through so soon?

Seems like less than 30 seconds!

Kacha~!

Before he could think about it, the restraining mask burst into pieces and turned into a little starlight...

At the same moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on realizing the rhythm of the Dao of Strength at this level, your control over the Law of Strength and Dao has deepened, and the combat power is +650,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 76th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 14 seconds on the 76th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng laughed!

This time, he only took 14 seconds!

The effect of the seventh-grade soul power is strong!

It is much stronger than the eighth-grade soul power and the ninth-grade soul power!

At this time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and he saw the man in the soap robe facing him, staring at him dumbfounded...

He smiled: "Friend, I'm going one step ahead!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he walked to the 77th floor...

The soap-robed man then reacted.

He swallowed, looked at Qin Feng in disbelief, and watched Qin Feng leave.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng left the 76th floor.

The man stared blankly at the direction Qin Feng was leaving, and sighed for a long time!

Why!

In this world, there are really people outside people, and there are gods outside the sky!

He thought that the understanding of the Capricorn Young Master was already terrifyingly strong!

But compared with this young man, the young master of Capricorn is far behind!

As for him, he couldn't compare with this young man.

Thinking of this, the man smiled bitterly!

In this way, Qin Feng continues to pass the level!

In a blink of an eye, he reached level 91!

At this moment, in that square, because of his birth, it has been completely fried...