Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 750 Special level! Shocked the audience!

I saw that in the square, tens of thousands of people were looking at Qin Feng on the 91st floor.

In the crowd, exclamations came one after another!

"My God! This young man is amazing!"

"Yeah! He actually made it to the 91st level! Ranked third!"

"Looking at the momentum of this young man, I think he can compare with the young master of Capricorn!"

Among the crowd, Dendrobium, Mu Yan and others were the most excited to chat.

A super genius like Qin Feng, but they were the first to discover it!

This gives them an inexplicable sense of superiority!

At the same moment, in another corner of the square.

More than a dozen people in golden uniforms and robes were staring at Qin Feng closely.

These people are the subordinates of the Capricorn Master.

In the center of the dozen or so people, there was a young woman in a green palace uniform.

At this moment, she is staring at Qin Feng coldly, looking very unhappy.

Because she heard people in the square talking about Qin Feng, thinking that Qin Feng is expected to compete with the young master of Capricorn.

snort!

An unknown guy!

What qualifications do you have to be compared with your cousin!

It turned out that the woman in the palace dress was actually the cousin of the young master Capricorn, Jie Lin.

"Miss Biao, this boy who suddenly appeared! The momentum is very strong!"

"Yeah! Everyone around me is saying that this kid has a chance to compete with the young master!"

At this moment, several subordinates murmured around Jielin.

Jielin sneered: "What a joke! He is also qualified to compare with my cousin?!"

Jielin looked disdainful.

In her mind, Qin Feng doesn't deserve to be compared with her cousin!

At the moment, she sneered again: "Don't say comparing with my cousin! I think it's hard for this kid to even pass the 91 level!"

But before she finished speaking, something changed on the 91st floor!

The forbidden mask around Qin Feng shattered and turned into a little starlight.

Jielin is stunned!

She did not expect that Qin Feng would break through at this moment!

Isn't that just hitting her in the face!

Suddenly, Jielin's pretty face turned red, and she felt even more annoyed in her heart!

The look in Qin Feng's eyes made him even more unhappy!

This kid made her lose face in front of all the subordinates, how could she not be annoyed?

At the same moment, on the stairs of the 91st floor.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

This time it is 31 seconds to clear the level!

He scored another 4 points!

In this way, his points have reached 364 points, which is still full of gains.

However, the cycle is over.

The next level is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty is going to increase!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 92nd floor

Having said that, starting from the 92nd floor, the rhythm of space and time will appear.

He has long wanted to strengthen his space and time capabilities.

Comprehending these two kinds of Dao rhyme can strengthen the ability of these two aspects.

In other words, the opportunity is at hand!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the 92nd level

It turns out that level 92 is not only the beginning of the eighth cycle, but also a very special level!

It is no longer a wooden Dao rhyme, but an extremely rare space Dao rhyme!

This is also the space Dao Rhyme that appeared for the first time in the comprehension assessment.

The spatial rhythm is different from other rhymes, and it is possible to perceive it only after you have mastered the laws of space.

If you don't master the laws of space, 99% will realize failure!

But these are not a problem for Qin Feng at all!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to enter the 92nd floor.

He looked around and saw a middle-aged man meditating with his eyes closed.

At this moment, the man frowned, his forehead was sweating, and his expression was anxious.

That man is the Spirit Venerable in everyone's mouth!

At this moment, Venerable Jiuling also sensed Qin Feng's arrival.

His eyelids twitched, and he opened his eyes slightly, glanced at Qin Feng quickly, and closed them immediately.

Although he was surprised by Qin Feng's appearance, his assessment time was running out, and he was no longer in the mood to pay attention to other things.

At the same moment, the square became a lot quieter!

Everyone's eyes fell on Qin Feng.

On the other side, Jie Lin stared at Qin Feng with great annoyance.

"Miss Biao, that kid actually broke into the 92nd floor...!"

At this time, one of her subordinates muttered depressedly.

Jielin said arrogantly: "Humph! So what? These 92 levels are very special! Do you think he can pass?"

As soon as she said this, the subordinates seemed to think of something.

At the moment, there is a subordinate to join in.

"Miss Biao is right! These 92 levels can only be overcome if you understand the laws of space. But the laws of space are one of the most difficult laws to understand. Not everyone can understand them! I think this kid definitely doesn't. Master the laws of space!"

Jielin sneered: "Of course! The laws of space, not one of the hundreds of millions of people can master it. Not everyone can master both the laws of space and the laws of time like my cousin!"

As soon as these words fell, the 92nd floor suddenly changed!

The whole body of Venerable Nine Spirits suddenly lit up with a black aura!

huh~!

In the next second, Venerable Nine Spirits disappeared out of thin air!

There was an uproar!

Venerable Jiuling was eliminated!

The crowd groaned!

Jielin's eyes lit up, and her face was full of joy.

Powerhouses like Qin Feng and Venerable Jiuling, the sooner they are eliminated, the better.

Then no one can threaten her cousin's status.

Before Qin Feng came to prominence, Venerable Jiuling's performance was the closest to that of Young Master Capricorn!

This made her very uncomfortable!

Well now, Venerable Jiuling has been eliminated, so there is only Qin Feng left.

"Miss Biao, the Nine Spirits Venerable has been eliminated!"

At this time, a subordinate said excitedly.

Jielin said happily: "Yeah! I saw it! It will be that kid's turn soon! He is destined to be eliminated too!"

It was at this moment that there was movement on the 92nd floor!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of Qin Feng's head

Qin Feng's assessment has officially begun!

I saw Qin Feng closed his eyes for the first time and entered the assessment state.

Seeing this scene, the audience held their breaths and stared at Qin Feng nervously.

As we all know, this 92nd level is very special!

That is a level related to the rhythm of space, and it is extremely difficult!

If you do not master the laws of space, there is almost no possibility of customs clearance.

Whether Qin Feng can pass the customs depends on whether he has mastered the laws of space.

In the crowd, some Dendrobium people were a little worried.

They witnessed the rise of Qin Feng with their own eyes, and naturally hope that Qin Feng can pass this level!

On the other side, Jie Lin crossed her hands on her chest, staring at Qin Feng's every move, showing a look of watching the show

She self-righteously believed that Qin Feng must not have mastered the laws of space.

After all, that law is too difficult to comprehend, and few in the demigod realm can master it.

How can this kid get hold of it? !

"Hey! There's something wrong with this situation"

Jielin suddenly felt that something was wrong.

"Miss Biao, what's going on? Why didn't that kid summon the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' in this assessment?"

A subordinate also noticed something was wrong.

When he reminded him, Jielin was suddenly stunned.

She said, why doesn't the situation look right?

It turned out that Qin Feng did not use the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

Immediately, she sneered and said: "This kid's brain is not very good! When he used his mind to know the holy lotus, the 92nd level took more than 30 seconds. These 93 levels are even more difficult. It's gone!"

"Look! It's been two seconds now, and he hasn't summoned the Saint Lotus, it's true."

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But before she could finish her words, the forbidden mask around Qin Feng's body was cracked inch by inch!

Jialin was stunned for a moment!

"Huh! That is"

In the crowd, someone soon found out.

In fact, everyone is very strange, why did Qin Feng not use the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' this time?Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Many people are still waiting, Qin Feng summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

That Dendrobium and Mu Yan were even more anxious for Qin Feng.

But they didn't want to, they didn't wait for the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', but waited for the ban to crack.

Oh my God!