Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It's only a few seconds?

Is the ban cracked? !

Isn't this 93 levels more difficult?

Aren't these 93 levels a rare space rhyme? !

Kacha~!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the mask on Qin Feng's body suddenly shattered and turned into a little starlight!

Qin Feng completely broke through and succeeded!

It only takes 3 seconds!

3 seconds!

Only 3 seconds!

This is actually much faster than the 31 seconds in the previous level!

Boom~!

This time, the audience was extremely shocked!

Everyone opened their mouths wide and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief!

They really can't figure out how Qin Feng did it.

Even Jielin's eyes widened, thinking she was dazzled!

At this moment, the whole place became dead silent!

It was as if the air had completely frozen!

At the same moment, on the 92nd floor stairs.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, full of joy.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the spatial rhythm of this floor, your control over the spatial laws is deepened, and your combat power is +890,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the space Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over space laws is deepened, and the cooling time of all space skills is shortened]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 92nd step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You pass the 91st step assessment in 3 seconds and get the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Knew it!

After comprehending the rhythm of space, his control over the laws of space is strengthened!

The cooldown of that space skill has been shortened!

This is a very practical change!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

The next 93rd level is time rhyme.

If he succeeds in realizing it again, the cooldowns of all time skills will also be shortened.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the 93rd level!

Of course, this time, he also had a surprise discovery.

That was the 92nd level, and it took him 31 seconds to break the level.

Qin Feng knew that it would take more than 1 minute to do the same as before in 93 levels.

Therefore, this time, he used another hole card instead of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

That trump card is the power of luck!

He is the lord of destiny, with 448 times the power of luck!

It's just that Qin Feng didn't expect that only with the blessing of the power of luck, he could break the level in only 3 seconds!

This far exceeded his expectations!

Definitely a huge surprise!

Next, he has to sprint with all his strength and reach the level of the young master of Capricorn in one fell swoop.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked towards the 93rd level smugly.

Chapter 751: Superb Divine Power! Good Fortune Card!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to reach level 93!

That level was empty, and he was the only one!

At the same time, above the square.

Everyone still stared at Qin Feng in a daze!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

I don't know how long it has passed, and everyone is relieved, and they are all sighing!

Najielin also slowed down.

"This... how is this possible! Miss Biao, that kid... broke the level in 3 seconds?!"

At this moment, her subordinates are all unbelievable.

They thought that everything just now was an illusion.

Jielin opened her mouth and hesitated.

She couldn't accept it either, Qin Feng broke through in 3 seconds!

But the fact is right in front of her eyes, and she can't bear to believe it!

Seeing this scene, those subordinates seemed to understand something, and their faces were a little unnatural.

"Everyone, look! That lord is going to test again!"

Just then, there was an exclamation from the crowd!

That tone was full of respect for Qin Feng!

Everyone immediately looked at them.

I saw a beam of light descending from the sky towards Qin Feng's head...

Everyone held their breath again and watched nervously.

Level 93!

Time Daoyun appeared for the first time!

This level is similar to level 92!

It needs to master the law of time to have a chance to pass the customs.

If you don't master the law of time, more than 90% of you will fail!

Although Qin Feng performed very well in the last level, no one dares to be sure whether he can pass this level.

Because no one knows whether Qin Feng has mastered the law of time.

Thinking of this, everyone watched nervously.

The Dendrobium people even held their breaths, not even daring to breathe.

On the other side, Jielin frowned tightly, still staring at Qin Feng with an unhappy expression.

The **** guy!

His appearance shook the status of her cousin.

It's hard for her to accept it!

Before this guy appeared, everyone thought that her cousin was a god-like existence 740 who could not be challenged.

Now it's good. After this kid appeared, some people thought that her cousin could be challenged.

"Miss Biao, do you think this kid can pass level 93?"

At this moment, another subordinate murmured beside her.

Jielin still said coquettishly: "Humph! He has to master the law of time after thinking about 93 levels. And the law of time is more difficult to understand than the law of space. Do you think he can master time and space at the same time like my cousin. law?"

The subordinate nodded slightly: "That's right! If you can master one of the laws of time and space, it is already one out of hundreds of millions. If you master both laws at the same time, there is not one out of hundreds of billions of people!"

Jielin said proudly: "That's right! Whether this kid has mastered the law of time, he will soon find out. Look, three seconds have passed, and he still has no sign of breaking the level, then..."

Kacha~!

Before Jielin's words were finished, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body burst into pieces!

Boom~!

There was an uproar!

Gosh!

Another 3 seconds to break the level!

This adult must have mastered the law of time!

The crowd exclaimed in amazement!

Jielin froze!

Pretty face is red with anger!

damn it!

She was slapped in the face again!

Those subordinates are also extremely shocked!

This kid is too scary!

Time rhyme!

That is more difficult to comprehend than Space Dao Yun!

This kid actually broke the level in 3 seconds!

Could this kid really be compared to his own young master?

At that moment, a subordinate couldn't help but said: "Miss Biao, this... can this person really compare with the young master?"

Jielin was furious: "Dreaming! Even if he masters the laws of time and space, he can't compare to my cousin! My cousin is recognized as a 'first in savvy' star genius! What qualifications does he have? Just wait Look! Humph!"

At the end, Jielin groaned angrily.

She was completely on the fence with Qin Feng.

At the same moment, on the stairs of the 93rd floor.

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Everything is as he expected!

He broke the level in 3 seconds again!

His law of time has been strengthened, and the cooldown of his skills has been shortened.

Full harvest again!

Then, Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked to the next level...

He didn't know it, all the players in the square were watching him.

Many people compare him to the young master of Capricorn.

That Jielin even got into trouble with him.

Of course, even if Qin Feng knew about this, he didn't care.

He didn't take the young master of Capricorn in his eyes.

His goal is to be in the top ten on the Daozi Heaven Ranking list, which is not comparable to a Capricorn young master.