Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, Qin Feng continued to pass the level...

After 3 minutes, he broke into the first level!

He received the 4th additional reward.

Reward Rank 6 Soul Power and 3 Creation Treasure Chests!

After 20 minutes, he reached the 125th level!

He got his fifth bonus reward.

Reward Rank 5 Soul Power and 3 Creation Treasure Chests!

...

For others, breaking through is a difficult test!

For Qin Feng, crossing the border is a feast of harvest!

Every time he passes a level, his combat power will increase by one line, and his points will increase by 4 points...

Every 25 levels, he will get an extra reward!

That extra reward is getting richer and richer every time, bringing him waves of surprises!

This kind of continuous harvest makes him cool!

In the square, the more and more people looked at it, the more shocked they were, and the more they looked at Qin Feng, the more awe-inspiring!

Jielin was slapped in the face again and again!

Now, in front of her subordinates, she is completely disgraced!

Now, she has completely shut up and dares not speak again!

In a blink of an eye, two hours have passed...

Qin Feng has reached level 375!

At this moment, on the 375th floor stairs.

Qin Feng just broke through the level successfully, and opened his eyes with joy...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the soul dao rhyme of this layer, your control of the soul dao law has deepened, and the combat power is +3.3 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 375th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 57 seconds in the 375th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was delighted, but there was a trace of anxiety.

He is now using 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' and 'Power of Luck' at the same time, and only cleared the level within 57 seconds.

At this rate, after the 377th level, he will definitely exceed a minute, unable to maintain the record of 4 points.

Starting from level 92, it is a cycle every 15 levels, and the difficulty is doubled.

This is because the original 13-level loop has added time and space rhyme levels, and it becomes 15 levels.

In this way, level 377 is the next cycle.

And he now clears the 375th floor in 57 seconds.

Once the difficulty is doubled, it will definitely exceed 1 minute!

But his hole cards were almost exhausted.

Except for the blessing of luck and the holy lotus of mind, there seems to be no trump card.

At this thought, Qin Feng was naturally a little anxious.

At this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness roared, and Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 15 points, you can receive the 15th additional reward]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The 15th reward is finally here!

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the 15th extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the "Best Soul Power" reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you got 5 times luck reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained 5 creation-level treasure chests]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained a Good Fortune Synthesis Card (High-Grade God Rank)]

This wave of rewards is really rich!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, the sky shook!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...

In the next second, his spirit power and combat power momentum skyrocketed wildly all the way...Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Reminder: congratulations on absorbing the 'superior soul power', your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has increased by +150,000 stars]

[Reminder: The strength of your soul body has been strengthened to 21.17% of the Quasi-God King]

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

When he received the reward for the ninth time, he received the 'First-Rank Soul Power' reward.

For the 10th reward, I got the 'Superior Soul Power' reward.

After the 10th time, the 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th times are all high-quality soul power.

However, the 11th time there is a 1x luck reward, the 12th time there is a 2x luck reward, and so on...

Until this 15th time, the luck reward has been increased to 5 times!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such a reward!

The improvement of his luck can also increase the strength of his soul power, which is of great benefit to his assessment!

Om~!

Soon, a milky white luck light beam fell, and Qin Feng's luck quietly improved again...

Not long after, the third beam of light fell in front of Qin Feng...

5 azure-colored creation treasure chests, a golden **** card, slowly falling along the beam of light...

When the treasure was in front of him, Qin Feng happily put away the treasure box, and finally his eyes fell on the **** card.

This **** card is a high-rank god, and this is the first time it has appeared!

There have been so many awards in the past, but they have never appeared.

[Good Fortune Synthesis Card: Using this God Card, 10 Creation Grade Treasure Chests can be synthesized into a Good Fortune Grade Treasure Box]

[Fortune-level treasure chest: 90% chance to open middle-grade god-level peak items, 8% probability to open high-grade god-level items, 2% probability to open high-grade god-level peak items]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a happy smile.

After this continuous breakthrough, he harvested a lot of creation-level treasure chests.

He opened all the treasure chests he obtained, and the treasures he obtained were basically the 'source of soul power' and the 'source of divine power', as well as a few mid-grade equipment at the peak of the **** rank.

Those are of little use to him and can only be used to train subordinates.

Today, the only things that matter to him are high-grade god-level treasures.

But he was worried all the time, unable to obtain high-grade god-level treasures.

Now it's good, he got a good fortune synthesis card, which can combine 10 creation treasure chests into one good fortune treasure box.

And with his luck value, he will definitely be able to unearth treasures that are at the peak of high-grade gods.

That was of great use to him, and it was more valuable than twenty middle-grade fetishes!

For Qin Feng, this is so worth it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the 'good luck synthesis card' with satisfaction.

He currently only has 5 creation treasure chests, so he can only wait for the next reward to collect 10 and then combine them.

"Hoo~! It's finally done!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this time, he glanced at his data again.

[Combat Strength]: 2.171 billion

[Air Luck]: 463 times

Combat power and luck are improving!

Especially the improvement of luck, let him see the hope of being promoted to the intermediate master of destiny!

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked to the 376th floor.

The Capricorn Young Master is on the 376th floor...

Chapter 752 Invisible competition! Get on the line!

Seeing Qin Feng walking to the 376th floor, there was a commotion in the square again!

The final showdown is about to begin!

Everyone stared at Qin Feng nervously.

The Capricorn Young Master is on the 37th to 6th floors!

It is rumored that Young Master Capricorn ranks first in the talent list of the Star Alliance.

Now it seems that this - is about to be broken!

In the crowd, Jie Lin also felt uneasy when she saw this scene.

She is worried about her cousin.

Up to now, she didn't dare to talk nonsense, she was really beaten in the face!

The atmosphere in the field was inexplicably tense!

At the same moment, on the 376th floor stairs.

A man in green robe sat cross-legged and was silently comprehending.

He is the Capricorn Master!

I saw the young master Capricorn in his thirties, with a arrogant expression and a very extraordinary temperament.

At this moment, a phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' is suspended behind his head, with nine petals blooming, emitting a dazzling aura!

The holy lotus of condensing the mind is a means only possessed by the quasi-god king and strong.

The young master of Capricorn was only in the demigod realm, and he condensed the 'sacred lotus of mind', which is indeed unparalleled in the attainments of soul.

However, compared with Qin Feng, it is still far behind!

Qin Feng's sacred lotus has twelve petals, three levels higher than him!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared on the 376th floor.

The sound of his feet landing on the ground suddenly alarmed the young master of Capricorn.

Young Master Capricorn's eyelids twitched, and his brows furrowed slightly.

He sensed that someone was coming for the first time, and his heart was very shocked!

In this temple today, besides him, who else can set foot on the 376th floor?

Could it be the Young Master Yexi of the Bright God Domain?

That guy made an appointment with him to come to the Temple of Creation to participate in the assessment on the same day.

He came half a day earlier than Yehi and entered the Temple of Fortune first.