Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

But I don't know why, Yexi didn't enter the temple of creation, and I don't know what to do?

But if it was said that the person who came was Young Master Jehi, he didn't believe it!

What kind of comprehension Yehi was, he knew very well in his heart.

That guy can break through to the 2nd floor is the limit, and he will definitely not be able to break through the 376th floor.

If it wasn't Jesse, who would it be? !

The young master of Capricorn was full of doubts.

However, he did not open his eyes, because his perception had reached the final critical moment.

He comprehended more than 40 minutes on the 376th floor, and had already understood more than 90% of Dao rhyme.

In less than a minute, he will be able to break through!

So, he doesn't have time to see who it is? !

Thinking of this, the young master of Capricorn ignored it and continued to close his eyes, fully comprehending the rhyme of Dao.

At this moment, Qin Feng is also looking at the young master of Capricorn.

His gaze immediately fell on Young Master Capricorn's 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'!

However, he only looked at it for a moment, and then withdrew his gaze.

Tiandao also soon sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 376th step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for the contestant]

【Countdown: 3…】

Qin Feng hurriedly sat cross-legged and summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'...

Today, it is getting more and more difficult to pass the level, and he has to go all out.

Soon, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head...

Qin Feng quickly closed his eyes, and the looming light of luck lit up on his body!

463 times the power of luck!

Instant blessing!

The intensity of his soul power began to soar all the way!

At the same moment, the earth-shattering power of Dao Yun also madly poured into his sea of ​​consciousness!

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, his thoughts poured into Daoyun, and he began to realize...

In just a split second, he entered that wonderful state of epiphany!

In this way, the two of them were silently comprehending, not disturbing each other.

Time just passed by second by second!

The breakthrough of the young master of Capricorn is getting closer and closer to the end.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The joy between his brows is getting stronger and stronger!

Click~!

Suddenly, there was a crisp sound in the field!

That is the sound of Dao Yun's prohibition of cracking!

Young Master Capricorn was taken aback!

Banned? !

But his ban seems to have not been broken yet? !

Is it...

Click~!

But before he could think about it, there was a cracking sound from the forbidden mask around him!

This voice is louder than the previous one!

Obviously, he is going to break the ban!

The Capricorn Master is overjoyed!

He suddenly understood that he should have been breaking the ban before, and he sensed the sound in his heart in advance!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the crackling sounds in his ears became more and more intense, and the joy on his face became more and more intense!

He's about to break the ban!

At this moment, the forbidden mask around Young Master Capricorn was indeed more and more cracked.

But on the other side, the forbidden mask around Qin Feng was also full of cracks.

The two broke through at the same moment!

However, Qin Feng's mask cracks are obviously more and faster!

It's just that the cracking sound of the two sides overlapped, and the young master Capricorn didn't notice it, thinking that he was just about to break the level!

Of course, he would not have imagined that Qin Feng would pass the level in less than a minute after reaching the 376th floor!

Because that goes against common sense!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask on Qin Feng's body was the first to burst, turning into little stars and scattered away...

At the same moment, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came from within his sea of ​​consciousness.

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the Taoist rhythm of the escape system at this level, your control over the laws of the way of escape has deepened, and the combat power is +3.35 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 376th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 39 seconds in the 375th step assessment, and you got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

At this time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Time really shortened!

From 57 seconds to 39 seconds!

The refining of the top-quality soul power, and the increase of 5 times the luck, are very useful!

In addition, he also increased his combat power by 3.35 million stars.

In this way, his combat power has increased from 2.171 billion stars to 2.174 billion stars.

The difficulty of this level is getting bigger and bigger, but it also makes him stronger and stronger, and the benefits are getting more and more.

At this rate, when he finishes 999 levels, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

It's just that he didn't know that he still had an extremely terrifying powerful enemy that was approaching the Blue Star Realm.

That's Lucifer!

That is a super power with a combat power of more than 6 billion stars!

With his current strength, facing Lucifer, he didn't even have the chance to escape.

All in all, the breakout was a success!

Qin Feng is satisfied!

At this time, his mind moved, and the phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' disappeared behind his head.

Kacha~!

At this moment, a crisp sound came from the front!

The young master of Capricorn also succeeded in breaking through!

Only at this moment did he open his eyes with joy!

It's finally broken!

It took him 47 minutes in total!

The young master of Capricorn sighed in his heart!

However, his gains were also huge, with an increase of 3 million combat power and 1 point of Shenwu.

This kind of achievement makes him quite satisfied!

I'm afraid that in the entire Star Alliance, no one can match his achievements.

Thinking of this, Young Master Capricorn put away the phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

·

Then, he slowly raised his head and looked at where Qin Feng was.

At this look, he happened to see that Qin Feng was also looking at him.

The two face each other!

A look of surprise appeared in the Capricorn Young Master's eyes!

The person who came was so young, he looked like he was only about twenty years old, and he was obviously younger than himself!

At this thought, the young master of Capricorn had a sour feeling in his heart.

He is self-possessed, and his understanding is the best in the world, no one can compare.

Now, a person younger than him has appeared, and he has also reached the 376th floor, which makes him very uncomfortable.

If the advantage of age is deducted, he is not necessarily much better than the other party.

At this thought, the young master of Capricorn became more jealous.

However, this kid is so strange!

Why do you keep looking at yourself stupidly, instead of taking the time to understand?

Young Master Capricorn frowned slightly.

He thought that Qin Feng had not started the test yet!

As everyone knows, Qin Feng broke through the level faster than him.

It's just that when he opened his eyes, Qin Feng had already completed everything.

Therefore, he mistakenly thought that Qin Feng had not started

"Could it be that this guy was shocked by the scene that I broke through?"

Young Master Capricorn murmured in his heart.

Thinking of this, his eyes lit up and he felt that it was very possible.

This level 376 is extremely difficult!

Not everyone can break through!

This new guy, I am afraid that he will be shocked by him if he does not have the confidence to break through!

At this thought, Young Master Capricorn was secretly happy, and there was a bit of arrogance between his eyebrows.

From birth until now, no one has been able to compare to him in terms of comprehension.

This time will be no exception!

Thinking of this, Young Master Capricorn glanced at Qin Feng arrogantly, then got up slowly, turned around and walked to the 377th floor!

He has always been used to being arrogant and has no interest in greeting Qin Feng, let alone getting to know him.

In his opinion, if Qin Feng looked at him like this, he must not have the confidence to pass the 376 level, so it would not threaten his status as the first in understanding!

Then there is no need to pay attention!

But just as Young Master Capricorn took a few steps, there was movement behind him.