Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He couldn't help but look back and saw Qin Feng also stood up.

Young Master Capricorn was stunned!

What is this guy doing?

He didn't understand Dao Yun, why did he suddenly stand up.

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng walked straight in his direction.

Young Master Capricorn is even more stunned!

Immediately, a flash of light flashed in his mind, and he wanted to understand.

Obviously this guy wants to come over and make friends with him. After all, his breakthrough just now shocked the other party!

Seeing that this kid was born very well, he didn't know that he was born from that little power, and he was not interested in making friends with him.

Thinking of this, Young Master Capricorn smiled coldly and continued to walk towards the 377th floor.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also walked to the 377th floor.

The young master of Capricorn frowned, feeling a little irritable in his heart.

This guy really doesn't give up!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He turned around to show his unwillingness to make friends. How could this person catch up?

Thinking of this, the young master of Capricorn quickened the pace of leaving.

But Qin Feng's footsteps still did not stop.

In a blink of an eye, the two of them were approaching the 377th floor, and Qin Feng's footsteps had not stopped.

The young master Capricorn was suddenly annoyed, so he deliberately slowed down and turned around.

He just wanted to ask, why is this guy so persistent and wants to befriend him?

When he turned around, Qin Feng came over.

The young master of Capricorn opened his mouth proudly and was about to question.

But before he could speak, Qin Feng passed him by without even looking at him.

The next second, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he jumped directly to the 377th floor!

Young Master Capricorn was stunned on the spot! Spoon.

Chapter 753 The hole card is played again! Bright moon contends for glory!

At this moment, the young master of Capricorn opened his mouth wide open!

He stared blankly at the direction of Qin Feng's disappearance, unable to recover for a long time.

This... what the **** is going on here?

Why did that kid go to the 377th floor all of a sudden?

Has that kid cleared level 376?

But he didn't see that kid pass the customs!

Besides, it took him less than a minute in total from sensing the appearance of the kid to opening his eyes.

Can that kid break the level in a minute?

What a joke!

Thinking of him, a super genius who is recognized as the 'first in comprehension', it takes 47 minutes to break through the level successfully!

How could that kid break the level in a minute?

If so, that kid is more than fifty times stronger than him!

impossible!

This is impossible!

In this Star Alliance, there is absolutely no young man who is more savvy than him!

It is even more impossible that there is someone fifty times stronger than him!

hallucinations!

Must be an illusion!

At this moment, the young master of Capricorn is completely messy!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's figure appeared on the 377th floor!

To the 377th floor!

It's a new cycle again!

Qin Feng looked around the empty surroundings and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

According to the assessment rules, the difficulty will more than double for each new round.

The clearance time of his last level was 39 seconds.

The difficulty is doubled, and it is estimated that it will take about 80 seconds, which is more than 1 minute.

The record of 4 points per level is about to be lost.

It seems that only another hole card can be used!

Qin Feng couldn't help muttering in his heart...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 377th step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for the contestant]

【Countdown: 3…】

Qin Feng hurriedly sat cross-legged and summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'...

In the next second, the light of luck lit up on him again!

463 times the power of luck!

Instant blessing!

However, it's not over yet!

Qin Feng thought about it again, and the ghost of the world book appeared in the back of his mind!

Om~!

The divine book appeared in the world, and it was blessed with double the power of luck!

Today's world books are of the highest grade, and they can give Qin Feng a hundred times more luck!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's soul power has soared wildly all the way!

Om~!

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...

He closed his eyes involuntarily!

Soon, his thoughts merged with the power of Dao Yun, and the whole person entered a state of epiphany...

That wonderful feeling rose from the bottom of his heart again...

Time goes by second by second!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It didn't take long for the forbidden mask around Qin Feng's body to crack!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

This level was successfully broken with great success!

At this time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy...

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the spatial Dao rhyme of this layer, your control over the laws of space is deepened, and the combat power is +3.6 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the space Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over space laws is deepened, and the cooling time of all space skills is shortened]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 377th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 17 seconds in the 375th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

It's over in just 17 seconds!

This blessing with a hundred times more luck is really powerful!

The difficulty was doubled, but he only took 17 seconds!

In this way, he can maintain the record of 4 points for a period of time!

Before he knew it, his comprehension assessment points reached 1508 points.

His combat power also quietly increased to 2.178 billion stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng raised his head and looked at the virtual shadow of the present book, showing a satisfied smile...

At the same moment, the 376th floor.

Young Master Capricorn finally calmed down.

Just this slow down, he was a little embarrassed!

He just thought self-righteously that Qin Feng was here to flatter him.

But he didn't want to, that guy didn't even look at him, he was completely self-indulgent.

Thinking of this, the young master of Capricorn flushed and felt very uncomfortable.

That kid doesn't seem to take him seriously!

Besides, he really didn't believe it, that kid really cleared the 376th floor.

correct!

That kid is now on the 377th floor!

He's going to have a look!

If that kid can really pass the 376th floor so quickly, then he should have the strength to pass the 377th floor!

Thinking of this, Young Master Capricorn jumped up and jumped to the 377th floor!

When his feet landed, he appeared on the 377th floor.

When he appeared, he saw that Qin Feng was sitting cross-legged not far away.

Boom~!

But in the next second, his eyes widened and he looked behind Qin Feng in astonishment.

I saw that behind Qin Feng's head, there was a huge phantom of a lotus flower floating with twelve petals, bursting with earth-shattering aura!

Oh my God!

Isn't that the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'!

Or the holy lotus of consciousness with twelve petals!

He also has the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', but it only has nine petals.

This is already his biggest trump card, and also what he is most proud of.

You must know that he can be recognized as the number one comprehension in the Star Alliance Talent List because he has condensed the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

He was only in the demigod realm, and he was able to condense the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' that only quasi-god kings had. He was the only one among the geniuses to do it!

But he didn't expect that he saw the second person today, that is Qin Feng in front of him!