Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

What's even more terrifying is that Qin Feng's 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' has twelve petals, which is three grades higher than his!

This is completely crushing him!

At this moment, Young Master Capricorn was completely dumbfounded!

He stood there blankly, unable to speak.

Now, he is beginning to believe that Qin Feng broke the 376 level in one minute.

Open the twelve-petaled lotus of consciousness!

Even the real king of gods can't condense it!

This young man did it!

It's amazing!

Based on such an analysis, this young man should take two or three minutes to break through level 377!

After all, level 377 has entered the next cycle, and the difficulty has more than doubled.

The young master of Capricorn is constantly surging...

At the same moment, Qin Feng also looked at the young master Capricorn somewhat unexpectedly.

He had just put away the phantom of "Book of the Present World" when this guy came.

Having said that, didn't this guy break the level at the same time as him?

How did you wait until now?

However, he didn't bother to care.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

Level 377 has been broken!

He's going to sprint to the next level!

After Qin Feng got up, he walked towards the 378 level...

Seeing this scene, Young Master Capricorn was stunned again.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He came to this level in a hurry, just to witness with his own eyes how Qin Feng broke the level.

What's the matter with this man?

He just summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', why did he take it back, and then turned around and left.

This guy is not going to break the level? !

The Capricorn master has misunderstood again!

He thought that Qin Feng didn't break the barrier!

This is really because Qin Feng broke the level too fast. This time it only took 17 seconds, which is shorter than the time spent on the previous level!

According to the thinking of the young master of Capricorn, if Qin Feng can break the last level within one minute, then this level will be broken in at least two or three minutes.

Therefore, he never thought that Qin Feng had already broken through!

After a while, Qin Feng had reached the vicinity of the 378th floor.

The Capricorn Master couldn't bear it any longer.

He hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth to ask, "Then... that friend, where are you going?"

Saying this, the young master of Capricorn has already put down a lot of airs.

In the past, it was someone else who took the initiative to greet him.

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, and couldn't help but look back at Young Master Capricorn.

He didn't understand, how could this guy ask such a stupid question? !

Immediately, he said: "Naturally, go to the 378th floor!"

"Go...to the 378th floor?!"

Young Master Capricorn almost thought he had heard it wrong.

How long has it been since?

Qin Feng passed him by, and it was less than 20 seconds before the two met for the second time!

This guy broke the level in 20 seconds? !

It's still 377 levels with double the difficulty!

how can that be!

"Friend...friend! You...you cleared level 377?!"

The Capricorn Young Master's tongue was a little curled.

It's really unbelievable what Qin Feng said.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was speechless.

If he didn't clear the 377th floor, how did he get to the 378th floor?

What the **** was this guy thinking?

However, he was too lazy to explain!

At the moment, he turned around and jumped up to the 378th floor!

Young Master Capricorn was completely dumbfounded!

He stared blankly at the direction of Qin Feng's disappearance, his eyes were full of disbelief, and his mouth was even more open.

After a long time, he regained his senses and shook his head with a wry smile!

Why!

It turned out that he was really blind!

This guy really broke the level in 20 seconds!

In this way, this person is not only fifty times stronger than him, but a hundred times stronger!

Thinking of this, the young master of Capricorn smiled bitterly!

Afterwards, he looked around the 377th floor and smiled wryly again.

It took him 47 minutes to break through the 376th floor, and there is a high probability that the 377th floor will not pass!

hey~!

Young Master Capricorn sat down cross-legged a little disheartened, and waited for the assessment to begin...

At the same moment, the square was full of sighs.

The contest between Qin Feng and the young master of Capricorn, everyone is watching, it is really a high judgment!

It can even be said that it was Yinghuo and Haoyue fighting for glory.

Qin Feng is Haoyue!

The young master of Capricorn is the firefly!

The two are completely one in the sky and one in the ground!

"Hey! The old man thought that Young Master Capricorn would create the highest record in this hall. Unexpectedly, this time, a peerless genius even more powerful than Young Master Capricorn appeared!"

"It's even more powerful? It's a world of difference! Shi Mou thinks that this adult may break through the 999th floor and reach the top golden monument!"

In the crowd, Dendrobium said triumphantly.

When these words fell, everyone was shocked.

"Clear the 999th floor? It's unlikely! As far as I know, since the birth of this universe, the best result is only about 5th floor!"

"Haha! That was the past! Now, this adult is born out of nowhere, maybe he can create a miracle!"

"That's right! Rumor has it that you can get a great chance by clearing the 999th floor!"

"Yeah! That chance is on the golden stele!"

"Everyone, let's take it slow! Maybe, this adult can really get that great opportunity!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded and looked at Qin Feng again...

Chapter 754: The Remnant Spirit of Hades! Create a treasure chest!

At this moment, everyone is curious whether Qin Feng can pass the 999th floor...

On the other hand, Jielin was even more in a trance.

At this moment, she stared blankly at Qin Feng's back, feeling very uncomfortable.

Before that, her cousin was the idol in her heart, a god-like existence, absolutely impossible to be defeated by others.

Now it's good, my cousin was easily defeated by this young man, and it was a complete victory!

The gap between the two is too great!

The glorious image of her cousin in her mind collapsed like this!

At this moment, her heart was empty, and she was a little lost!

To put it bluntly, it's all the guy's fault!

Why destroy the image of my cousin in my heart?

Jielin looked at Qin Feng with a resentful expression...

At this moment, Qin Feng has started the test on the 378th floor.

He didn't know anything about what happened in the square, nor was he interested in knowing it.

His goal is to do his best to get the most points, and clear the 999th floor to reach the golden stele.

He was also curious, what was on the golden stele?

Soon, Qin Feng completed the 378th floor assessment!

It's still 17 seconds to clear the level!

4 more points!

Qin Feng is very satisfied and continues to pass the level...

In this way, he broke through level after level...

Everyone in the audience is watching him silently!

Unconsciously, Qin Feng broke into the 4th floor...

At this moment, his eyes were slightly closed, and he sat cross-legged, with the phantoms of the Saint Lotus and the Book of the World floating behind his head...

His whole body is shrouded in a forbidden mask!

Click~! Click 19~! Click~!

Suddenly, the mask began to crack inch by inch!

Kacha~!

Then, a crisp sound!

The mask shattered!

Another successful ban!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the Dao rhyme of the thunder system at this layer, your control over the laws of the thunder road is deepened, and the combat power is +4.2 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 4th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 36 seconds in the fourth step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng smiled slightly.