Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 94 Upgrade the wooden house, surprises again and again!

Qin Feng began to check the upgrade conditions of the wooden house.

Level 1 cabin upgrade conditions are as follows…

[10 units of wood (level 0 resource)]

[5 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[1 unit of animal fur (level 0 resource)]

"It doesn't seem to be troublesome, I'll find these materials and try it!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng clicked 'one key return'.

In the next second, he turned into white light and disappeared into the wooden house out of thin air.

'One key return' does not need to stay in place for a minute, and can be teleported instantly.

Qin Feng only felt that the white light flashed in front of him, and the surrounding scenery changed.

In the next second, he returned to the 'Lost Village'.

good! good!

One-click return is really convenient!

A lot of rush time was saved in this way.

Qin Feng looked forward happily.

At this moment, the night is hazy!

Under the moonlight, the dilapidated wooden houses were clearly visible.

He walked happily towards the wooden houses.

These dilapidated wooden houses are the source of wood and stone.

Soon, he walked to the nearest wooden house, started to dismantle it, and turned on the automatic collection function.

With a wave of his hand, he slammed into a wooden house, and the floor was immediately covered with wood and stone.

He hurried forward and picked up a piece of wood that looked relatively complete.

【You get a piece of wood +1】

With a flash of white light, the wood in his hand disappeared.

That is the automatic collection function is activated.

As long as Qin Feng gets the complete wood, it will be automatically collected into the spare material warehouse with the assistance of Tiandao.

The material reserve warehouse is a special space provided by Tiandao to each villager. It is similar to a storage ring and is limited to storing building materials.

【You get a piece of wood +1】

Soon, Qin Feng got another piece of wood.

good! good!

This method of dismantling broken wooden houses to collect materials is very easy and convenient.

It is many times faster than the normal way of collecting wood.

In the normal way of collecting wood, you need to go to the wild to find trees that reach the level 0 standard.

Then cut down those trees and cut off the branches and leaves to get a qualified piece of wood.

After this operation, it takes time to travel, felling time, and trimming time, and its efficiency is far less than that of demolishing old wooden houses.

This made Qin Feng feel relieved.

In this way, he happily demolished old wooden houses, collecting materials and stones.

Soon, he discovered that ten pieces of wood counted as one unit, and ten pieces of stone counted as one unit.

When he finished demolishing an old wooden house, he got 2 units of wood and 1 unit of stone.

After all, some broken wood and stone cannot be used.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In an old wooden house, there are only so many materials available.

However, Qin Feng is already very satisfied.

He got so much material, it only took five minutes before and after, and the efficiency was amazing.

After dismantling the first one, he began to dismantle the second one.

In this way, he is happily collecting materials...

At the same time, on the square of Xinsheng Village.

Several bonfires are raised!

The villagers of Longyuan Village were surrounded by a bonfire, eating barbecued meat and drinking fragrant tea, very comfortable.

Several beautiful female villagers were still dancing in the center of the square, drawing applause from the audience.

A happy atmosphere rippling in the square.

The time of the first big reunion made everyone feel extremely happy.

The only thing that everyone felt regretful was that their most beloved village chief did not come to the party.

Several beautiful villagers who were ready to confess to Qin Feng have been waiting for Qin Feng to appear, and have long seen through the autumn water.

Of course, some villagers were studying the 'Villager Operation Interface' when the crowd gathered.

At this moment, the crowd suddenly burst into cheers.

"Wow! Everyone, take a look at your villager operation interface. It turns out that the 'novice cabin' can be upgraded."

"Hey! Really! After the upgrade, even if you don't need to sleep, you can automatically restore energy and stamina by staying inside."

"Haha! This is great! My nerves are tense all day long! Even if I put me to sleep, I can't sleep. Now, I can recover my energy and strength without falling asleep, which is perfect for me!"

"Fuck! There is an even more powerful one! If you upgrade a level 0 wooden house to a level 1 wooden house, you will get the blessing of Heaven and get 50 attribute rewards."

"God! This is great! I'm going to upgrade the cabin! I want to get attribute rewards! I'm going to become stronger!"

"Haha! I want to upgrade the cabin too! I want to get stronger too!"

"Haha! This is so cool! I didn't expect to upgrade a wooden house and become stronger! There are so many benefits to owning a village."

"Yeah! Let's study it, how to upgrade your wooden house!"

"I'm working on it!"

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited, and they opened the interface one by one, and they were all excited to study.

"Upgrade to level 1 novice cabin, you need wood, stone, and animal fur."

"We need to go outside to cut down trees. Our village has a lot of resources, so it should be easy to get it. When I have a good rest, I will go out and cut trees!"

"I know where to find this stone. Just 30 miles away from our novice village, there is a stone mountain, and there are many stones of tier 0 in it."

"Brother, after dawn, how about we go quarrying stones together?"

"Okay! And what about these animal furs?"

"That's not easy! Just cut the fur from the beast."

"Haha! In this way, it is not difficult to upgrade a novice cabin to level 1, but it will take some time to find materials."

"Yeah! However, this is much safer than killing monsters and upgrading."

"Oh! I'm so moved! I can't help it, I want to upgrade the wooden house now."

"Haha! Brothers, eat and drink well, rest before you move! There are three materials in total, even if you want to get them together, it will take at least a day or so."

"It makes sense! Everyone cheers! Haha!"

The crowd fell into a cheerful atmosphere again.

With the existence of the village, they are full of confidence in the future, and they are all happy and refreshed!

...

At the same time, inside the lost village.

Qin Feng has demolished seven broken wooden houses and obtained a total of 15 units of wood and 8 units of stone.

The first two materials for upgrading a level 1 wooden house are already enough.

Only animal skins are left, not yet collected.

Immediately, he entered the trading channel, and sure enough, he saw the corpses of thirteen beasts.

Eleven are rank 9 beasts, and two are mutant beasts.

He extracted one by one endlessly, and got another 24 attributes, which made his heart feel somber.

After doing this, he began to cut the beast and take its fur.

Only fury beasts have fur on their bodies.

Ferocious beasts like gold-devouring ants have no skins.

After a while, Qin Feng got thirteen complete animal skins.

Ten furs are a unit.

At this point, all three materials are collected!

Ha ha!

It's finally time to upgrade the novice cabin!

Qin Feng can't wait to open the interface and enter the 'novice cabin' upgrade system, where there is a 'one-click upgrade' function.

As long as you have enough materials, press 'one-click upgrade', and Tiandao can assist in upgrading the novice cabin.

All this does not need to do it yourself, very convenient.

At the moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath and pressed 'one-key upgrade'.

[One-click upgrade to start! 】

【You consumed 10 units of wood! 】

【You consumed 5 units of stone! 】

【You have consumed 1 unit of animal fur! 】

[Your novice cabin level 0 has been upgraded to level 1 successfully! 】

[Level 1 Novice Cabin: In the non-sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled; in the sleep state, the recovery speed is tripled. 】

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of Heaven and getting 50 attribute rewards! 】

Ha ha!

done!

Upgraded!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, a beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

In a blink of an eye, he skyrocketed 50 attributes.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It's so easy to get this benefit! ...

At the same time, on the square of Longyuan Village.

The crowd ate and drank, sang and danced, and were so happy.

At this moment, everyone's focus, from the initial excitement of building a village, has shifted to upgrading the novice cabin.

"Everyone, tomorrow morning, let's go to upgrade the novice cabin!"

"Hey! My level is too backward. I'm afraid that it will take too long to upgrade the wooden house and delay my passing the novice assessment!"

"Brother, don't worry! As long as you upgrade the wooden house, you can get 50 attribute rewards. At that time, your upgrade speed will increase."