Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

36 seconds to break the level!

Very good result!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 16 points, you can receive the 16th additional reward]

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the 16th extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the ultimate soul power reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations on your 6x luck reward! 】

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained 8 creation-level treasure chests]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained a good fortune synthesis card (high-grade god-level)

The 16th reward has arrived!

The Creation Treasure Chest rewarded this time has finally changed, and it has become 8, which is 3 more than before!

Qin Feng was quite surprised!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, the sky will shake!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...

In the next second, his spirit power and combat power momentum skyrocketed wildly all the way...

[Reminder: congratulations on absorbing the 'superior soul power', your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has increased by +150,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your soul body strength has been strengthened to 22.47% of the Quasi-God King]

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

At this time, another milky white light beam of luck descended from the sky and landed on top of his head...

After the Qi Luck was absorbed, another white beam of light fell...

8 azure-colored Creation Treasure Chests, and a Good Fortune Synthesis Card, followed the beam of light and landed in front of him...

Qin Feng happily put away the treasure chest and divine card!

At this point, the rewards are all in hand!

Afterwards, Qin Feng opened the panel again and checked his data.

[Combat Strength]: 2.213 billion

[Air Luck]: 469 times

very good!

The combat power has skyrocketed to 2.213 billion stars!

The luck also skyrocketed to 469 times!

As long as his luck is increased by 31 times, his luck value can reach 5 times, and he can also break through to the intermediate master of destiny.

By then, his strength will skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the panel with satisfaction.

Then, he took out 2 treasure chests of creation from the storage ring, and made 10 treasure boxes with the 8 treasure chests he just got.

After doing this, he activated the good fortune synthesis card in his hand...

[Activation of Good Fortune Synthesis Card is successful! Your 10 Creation Chests are merging...]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained a Fortune-level treasure chest…]

With a flash of golden light!

The 'good fortune synthesis card' and the 10 good fortune-level treasure chests disappeared.

In front of Qin Feng, there is a sky-white treasure chest.

[Fortune-level treasure chest: 90% chance to open middle-grade god-level peak items, 8% probability to open high-grade god-level items, 2% probability to open high-grade god-level peak items]

This is the Creation Grade Treasure Chest!

Qin Feng took a deep breath, picked up the treasure chest with anticipation, and observed it carefully...

He has only reached 4 levels now, and there are still 599 levels behind.

And the difficulty is still increasing!

At this rate, it is hard to say whether he can clear the 999th floor.

Therefore, he needs to get some more resources to improve his potential in comprehension, so as to cope with the next level.

This good-fortune-level treasure chest can open up the resources of the top-grade god-level peak, and it may be able to help him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slowly opened the treasure chest...

Om~!

The sky-white treasure chest lit up with a dazzling white light, then turned into countless stars, and slowly dissipated...

Afterwards, a tragic green light group floated in front of him, exuding an extremely gloomy aura!

At that moment, the temperature of the entire staircase dropped sharply, and even Qin Feng felt the coldness to the bone.

He was greatly surprised, and hurriedly looked at the miserable green light group...

[Pluto's Remnant Spirit: The Peak of the High-Grade Divine Rank, the Acquired Special Sacred Artifact]

[Reminder: This thing is the soul fragment of the **** king, which has absorbed a certain amount of nine yin energy and formed a special existence]Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Reminder: This item can be used to repair broken souls]

[Reminder: This item can also be converted into Destiny Points, which can be converted into 10,000 Destiny Points]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was amazed!

This ghost of the underworld king was actually a fragment of the soul body of the **** king, formed by absorbing enough Qi of Nine Yin.

It now has two functions, giving Qin Feng some scope.

His corpse puppet, 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp', has a broken soul and only 80% of it has been repaired.

If the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' absorbs the remnant spirit of Hades, it is estimated that it can recover to more than 90%, and its strength will also increase greatly.

Using this treasure to improve the strength of the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' does not seem to help him cope with the current assessment.

If it is used to absorb the books of the present world, it cannot raise the rank of the books of the present world.

The advanced progress of the present book is: 3/10,000

The 10,000 points of Destiny have no effect on it.

"By the way, it seems to be able to..."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He thought of a wonderful use, this Pluto remnant can help him in the next assessment.

but…

Qin Feng was still a little hesitant.

He also wanted to keep this 'Pluto Remnant Spirit' for his own corpse puppet.

There are too few treasures that can repair the soul body of a corpse.

If he used it this time, he might not get it next time.

"Why don't you keep it first! When you open the treasure chest next time, see what treasures you can open?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Anyway, he still has a 'Good Fortune Synthesis Card' and 3 Creation Treasure Chests in his hand.

The next time he is rewarded, he can create another 'good luck treasure chest'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the 'Pluto Remnant Spirit'.

After doing this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he walked to the 401st floor...

This time, he absorbed a 'superior soul power' and increased his luck by 6 times. Presumably, the time to pass the next level will be shortened!

Qin Feng thought expectantly and quickened his pace...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to enter the 401st floor.

Everything is as he expected!

He quickly crossed the 401st floor and took 28 seconds!

The time was reduced from 36 seconds to 28 seconds!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

This is very beneficial to his next breakthrough.

At least he can endure another cycle after this cycle is over.

His 4-point record can be maintained for a while.

In this way, Qin Feng continued to bury his head in the barrier...

The players in the square were all watching him silently.

557 At this moment, everyone wants to know whether Qin Feng can rush to more than 5 levels.

Those 5 levels are this universe, the highest score record.

Today, they may be able to witness with their own eyes that someone can break this record...

Just when Qin Feng was immersed in the barrier, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

At this time, in the forbidden area of ​​the Jewish people, next to the interstellar teleportation array.

Judas was looking at the two people in front of him respectfully.

Those two people are Uriel and Karu, the middle-stage powers of the two main gods.

They have been teleported.

At this moment, the expressions of the two of them were very gloomy.

"Lord Uriel, are you saying that something happened to Lord Kaxiu?"

Judas's tone revealed disbelief.

On the other side, Yusele was also shocked.

The two of them have been waiting for good news from Kaxiu.

I just don't know why, after Kaxiu went to Longyuan City's lair, he never returned.

This makes them very confused!

Until Uriel and Karu came over and told them that something happened to Kaxiu.

This suddenly made them stunned!

At this moment, Uriel took a deep breath: "Kaxiu is indeed born! He is the pet of Lord Gabriel, and there is telepathy between them. Lord Gabriel has already sensed it, and Kaxiu is dead and gone! "

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Judah and Juseleel were shocked.

"This... how is this possible?! Lord Kaxiu is the great power of the primary god, how could he have an accident? Could it be that Longyuan City is a Longtan Tiger's Den?"

Judas still couldn't believe it.

Uriel smiled bitterly: "But that's the truth!"

This time, Judas panicked: "Lord Uriel, since Longyuan City is so terrifying, what should we do next?"

Uriel said: "Naturally, we will start again after Lord Gabriel arrives."

Judas frowned: "When my master arrives, it will be a day later."