Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Uriel hurriedly said: "If I and Karu help you recharge together, how long will it take?"

Judas' eyes lit up: "If there are two adults to help, three hours is enough!"

Uriel nodded: "That's good! Let's do it together!"

Immediately, the three of them began to charge the teleportation array together to accelerate the arrival of Gabriel...

Chapter 755 The cards are all out! Continuous improvement!

Qin Feng is not clear about what happened in the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, he is still burying his head in the barrier.

Before he knew it, he broke into the 421st floor, and just finished breaking the level...

At this time, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the Taoist rhythm of the escape system at this level, your control over the laws of escape is deepened, and the combat power is +4.53 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 421st step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 59 seconds in the 421st step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

Another 4 points!

The combat power has also increased by 4.53 million stars.

Qin Feng smiled.

Before he knew it, his points accumulated to 1684 points.

The combat power has increased to 23.1 billion stars.

Such an increase in strength makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

However, this level took 59 seconds to clear!

Then the next level will be a bit troublesome!

Qin Feng looked up at the 422nd floor, feeling a little anxious.

According to a cycle of 15 levels, the 422nd floor is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty will more than double.

His 421st floor would take 59 seconds, and his 422nd floor would take at least 2 minutes.

For more than 2 minutes, you will not get the maximum reward of 3 points.

The record of 4 points cannot be maintained.

Unless, he can get the 17th reward!

But the 17th reward, you need to reach 17 points to get it!

He has to be on the 425th floor as soon as possible to reach 17 points.

That is in the case of maintaining the record of 4 points, 425 floors can get 17 points.

If he can only get 3 points from the 422nd floor, he will only be able to break 17 points on the 427th floor and get the 17th reward.

In other words, if the 4-point record cannot be maintained, the number of additional rewards obtained will also decrease accordingly.

This is also the reason why Qin Feng wants to keep the 4-point record.

But the cards in his hand are basically exhausted!

In the next level, what should he do to keep the record of 4 points?

correct!

There is another way, I wonder if it is feasible?

With this in mind, he walked to the 422nd floor...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to go to the 422nd floor.

As soon as he entered, he hurriedly sat cross-legged and summoned the Holy Lotus of Mind.

Immediately afterwards, he activated the power of luck and instantly blessed himself!

hum~!

In just an instant, he was blessed by 469 times the power of luck, and the strength of his soul power soared!

Then, Qin Feng thought again!

Om~!

The phantom of "Book of the Present World" emerges!

Get 1x luck blessing!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng's soul strength has soared again!

But in such a state, there is no guarantee that he will clear the level within 1 minute.

Therefore, he has to use special means.

Om~!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and the back of his head was enlightened again!

Immediately afterwards, the phantom of another divine book slowly emerged, exuding an earth-shattering aura, as well as a powerful human power!

That was actually the ghost of "The Book of Life and Death"!

[Book of Life and Death: The Peak of the High-Grade Divine Rank, the Wonders of Heaven and Earth]Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Reminder: This object is transformed from the middle page of "Book of the Past"]

Om~!

"The Book of Life and Death" is a phantom!

An invisible force of luck radiated from it, and instantly blessed Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng got 30 times the blessing of luck again!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Everything is as he expected!

The Book of Life and Death is transformed from the pages of past books, and it controls the power of humanity.

And the power of humanity is closely related to luck, as long as the power of humanity is strengthened, it will also bring the improvement of luck.

This time, he summoned the "Book of Life and Death", aroused the power of humanity in it, and really blessed himself with 30 times the luck.

This will be of great benefit to his next assessment.

correct!

Since the book of life and death is useful, then another treasure will also be useful!

Om~!

Qin Feng thought about it, and another 'God Page' phantom appeared!

In the next second, the spiritual light of the **** page will shine, and Qin Feng will be blessed with 10 times more luck!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The intensity of his soul power has once again soared wildly...

That **** page is the page of the future book, which also controls the power of humanity and is closely related to luck!

Sanshi Divine Book!

The middle pages of the book of the past, the book of the future, and the book of the present are all related to the number of humanity.

Fortunately, Qin Feng got all these three kinds of middle pages.

This will be of great benefit to his next assessment.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng received 40 times the blessing of luck, and the strength of his soul power soared to a very high level!

Om~!

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...

The test on the 422nd floor has officially started!

He closed his eyes involuntarily and quickly entered a state of epiphany...

Time goes by second by second!

It didn't take long for the forbidden mask around him to burst!

The 422th floor was successfully cleared!

The process went extremely smoothly!

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on comprehending the Dao rhyme of this layer, your control of the law is deepened, and the combat power is +4.6 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 422nd step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 41 seconds in the 422nd step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng laughed!

With the blessing of 40 times more luck, he passed this level in 41 seconds and maintained the record of 4 points.

It can be seen that the role of the blessing of luck is very huge!

At the moment, Qin Feng slowly got up and breathed a sigh of relief.

Next, he can sprint to the 425th floor and get another reward!

At that time, his clearance time can be shortened again, and his record of 4 points can be extended again.

correct!

Since the book of life and death can also bless luck, why not upgrade its rank?

This kind of humanistic magic weapon, the higher the rank, the more luck it will bless.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he felt that it was very feasible.

At the moment, as soon as he waved his hand, the "Book of Life and Death" appeared in front of him...

[Life and Death Book Evolution Progress: 70/1]

If you need 10,000 Destiny Points, you can advance, which is not right!

Qin Feng quickly thought of the 'Pluto Remnant Spirit', which can provide 10,000 life points.

Thinking of this, he waved his hand and summoned a tragic green light group, which was the 'Pluto Remnant Spirit'.

Afterwards, Qin Feng pinched the seal and manipulated the book of life and death...

Boom~Long~Long~!

The book of life and death slowly unfolded, and there was an infinite power of swallowing against the remnant spirit of Hades...

Suddenly, the ghost of Hades turned into wisps of green light, and was slowly swallowed by "Book of Life and Death"...

It didn't take long for "Book of Life and Death" to absorb the remnant of the Hades...

[Successful absorption of the ghost of Hades! "Book of Life and Death" has obtained +10,000 Destiny Points, and the progress has reached 170,000/10,000, reaching the advanced standard]

["The Book of Life and Death" is automatically advanced...]

【Advanced success! "Book of Life and Death" has been promoted to the ultimate level of high-grade gods]

[The feedback combat power of "Book of Life and Death" has been increased to 2 stars]

[The humanitarian ability of "Book of Life and Death" has been improved, and its blessing of luck value has reached 50 times]

[The current progress of "Book of Life and Death": 30,000/100,000, when the Destiny value is full, "Book of Life and Death" can be promoted to the best **** rank]

[Reminder: "Book of Life and Death" can only be promoted to the best **** rank at the highest; if you collect the first and next pages of the past book and convert it into "past book", you can continue to be promoted to the **** of creation...]