Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

Everything was as he expected, the higher the level of "Book of Life and Death", the more luck it blessed.

Today, the luck of its blessing has reached 50 times the value, and it is 20 times more!

However, it can only be promoted to the best **** rank at most.

This is not as good as the current book...

However, he is already very satisfied!

Rising luck again will be very beneficial to his next assessment!

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the "Book of Life and Death" and went to the 423rd floor with pride...

It didn't take long for him to clear the 423rd floor, which took 32 seconds.

Luck is on the rise again!

Shortened his time again!

In this way, Qin Feng continues to break through!

Soon, he broke levels 424 and 425 in a row...

Right now, on the 425th floor.

Qin Feng looked up at the sky.

In the sea of ​​his knowledge, the reminder of the Tao of Heaven constantly echoed...

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 17 points, you can receive the 17th additional reward]

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the 17th extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the ultimate soul power reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have won 7 times the luck reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained 8 creation-level treasure chests]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained a good fortune synthesis card (high-grade god-level)

The 17th reward is here again!

Qin Feng showed a happy smile.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, the sky shook and rewards began to be distributed...

Qin Feng happily accepts the reward...

It didn't take long for him to absorb that top-grade soul power, and both his combat power and soul power greatly increased.

Subsequently, his luck also increased by 7 times.

So far, Qin Feng's comprehensive strength has been greatly improved.

He couldn't help but check his latest data...

[Combat Strength]: 2.331 billion

[Air Luck]: 476 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 25.71%

After reading the data, Qin Feng was very satisfied.

The combat power has increased to 2.331 billion.

In this way, the combat power of his clone can reach more than 1.8 billion stars, which is really powerful.

After digesting those rewards, Qin Feng took out 2 Creation Treasure Boxes from the storage ring, and the 8 Creation Treasure Boxes just rewarded, made up 10 Creation Treasure Boxes.

It didn't take long for him to use the 'Good Fortune Synthesis Card' to synthesize 10 Creation Treasure Boxes into a 'Good Fortune Treasure Box' neighbor.

Afterwards, he opened the treasure chest of good fortune and got a group of 'Pluto Remnant'

This time, instead of letting "Book of Life and Death" absorb the remnants of Hades, he asked the pages of future books to absorb 'the remnants of Hades'.

This made the 'book page of the future' rise from the middle-grade **** rank to the peak of the high-grade **** rank in one fell swoop, and the blessing of luck was also increased from 10 times to 30 times.

This will be of great benefit to his next assessment.

Qin Feng is very happy!

Immediately, he went to the 426th floor to try the effect...

Sure enough, it only took 23 seconds for the 426th floor to break through.

In this way, Qin Feng passed the level all the way, and reached level 499 in a blink of an eye, which is close to the highest record in the universe.

Qin Feng's 4-point record can't be maintained anymore

Chapter 756 Tianzun guides the way! Divine soul power!

Right now, on the 499th floor.

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his expression was a little complicated.

He just cleared the 499th floor, it took just 60 seconds, and still got 4 points.

But if there is one more second, it will not get 4 points!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the fifth floor.

The difficulty of the 5th floor is higher than that of the 499th floor.

There's a good chance he'll be over 60 seconds!

Having said that, from the 496th floor to the 511th floor, it belongs to the same cycle, and the scope of difficulty increase is not large.

If this cycle is exceeded, he will definitely not get 4 points in the next level.

However, this is also impossible.

He had already used all the cards he should have used.

He is very satisfied with the current results, and he does not necessarily have to keep the record of 4 points.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

As long as he can clear the 999th floor, at the top of the golden stele, he has already created a peerless miracle!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slowly got up and checked his latest status by the way.

[Combat Strength]: 2.674 billion

[Air Luck]: 493 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 31.28%

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile again.

Although he can't keep the record of 4 points, the gains are getting bigger and bigger!

After all, the further back you pass the level, the more difficult it becomes, and the more combat power you can obtain.

This is an extremely rare opportunity!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this.

Before he knew it, his combat power had soared to 2.634 billion.

You must know that some extremely powerful Lord God's ultimate power can reach 3 billion stars at most.

At this rate, Qin Feng can achieve that goal without having to complete 999 levels.

Of course, it is still a bit difficult for him to reach the threshold of combat power of a quasi-god king.

The threshold of the quasi-god king's combat power is 5 billion stars!

"The improvement in combat power after breaking through the level is extremely powerful! The only pity is that I can't keep the record of 4 points forever!"

From the 426th floor to the 499th floor, he also received two extra 7 rewards.

This allowed him to get a total of 16 Creation Treasure Chests and 2 Good Fortune Synthesis Cards.

Afterwards, he spent 1 synthetic card, combined a good fortune-level treasure chest, and opened a group of 'Pluto Remnants' again.

He used that group of 'Pluto's Remnant Spirit', and also promoted the 'Future Book Page' to the limit of high-grade gods.

Next, the promotion of the book page and the book of life and death in the future will require 100,000 life points, and there is no hope of further advancement in a short time.

In other words, Qin Feng's cards have been used up!

In the next level, he wants to keep 4 points, but there is little hope.

Regardless, his gains were huge.

As long as he keeps breaking through the barriers, he will definitely get great rewards.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 5th floor...

It didn't take long for him to reach the fifth floor and sit directly cross-legged.

In the next second, he summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', 'Book of the Present World', 'Book of Life and Death', 'Pages of the Book of the Future'...

Soon, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head!

He hurriedly closed his eyes and started a new round of breakthroughs...

On the square, all the players were silently watching Qin Feng.

The atmosphere in the field became more and more tense.

Many people's faces showed eager anticipation.

Because Qin Feng's level is getting closer and closer to the highest record in this universe.

The highest record is the 511th floor.

Above the 511th floor, no one can break in!

They will soon see for themselves: a new record is born!

The person who can complete this record is Qin Feng! …

While the audience was paying close attention to Qin Feng, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm...

At this time, the Jewish people were in the forbidden area.

Judas, Uriel, and Karu are all charging up the 'Interstellar Teleportation Array'.

Jusselaide waited respectfully.

At this moment, the three Judas were chatting while charging.

"Master Wu Lie, how did you say that Master Kaxiu fell? Was it Qin Feng who shot it? Or is there some terrifying power hidden in Longyuan City?"

Judas was still haunted by the fall of Kaxiu and could not believe it.

Wu Lie shook his head slightly: "I don't know either! According to your previous information, Qin Feng was born as a challenger, and it should not have the strength to kill Kaxiu. I suspect that Qin Feng is backed by a super strong!"

Judas took a deep breath: "My subordinates also feel that this is very possible. I just don't know, what kind of strength would the hidden power be?"

Uriel pondered: "Master Gabriel said that Kaxiu fell very fast. From all aspects, the hidden power should be the strength of the Lord God's peak!"

Hearing this, Judah and Jusherel turned pale!

The pinnacle of the Lord God!

Its combat power range is between 700 million and 1.2 billion stars.

Killing Kaxiu with such strength is really easy!

No wonder the master did not let Uriel and Karu take action, and had to wait for him to come over in person.

Judas figured it out in an instant, and his heart was still shocked!

He was completely shocked by the speculation that Long Yuan had hidden the peak power of the Lord God.

He didn't know that Long Yuan did not hide the peak power of the Lord God.

However, as Qin Feng's strength skyrocketed, the strength of his three avatars also reached the limit level of the main god, much stronger than the peak of the main god.

At this time, Carew also sighed: "As of now, Lord Gabriel pays more and more attention to the words of 'Tianzun', and he is more cautious about Longyuan City."