Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Judas wondered: "Heavenly Lord? Lord Karoo, who is that?"

Carew hesitated: "This... I don't know either! That is a mysterious person that Lord Gabriel met thousands of years ago. Even Lord Gabriel doesn't know his origin!"

Judas nodded slightly, not daring to ask any more.

In this way, the three continued to charge the teleportation array.

Calculate the time, Gabriel will be able to reach the Blue Star Realm in two hours.

Just when Gabriel was in a hurry to come to the Blue Star Realm, Lucifer and his party were also in action.

At this moment, at the edge of the Dark Demon Realm.

Lucifer and his party of six were flying in the starry sky with extreme care.

The Light God Realm and the Dark Demon Realm are hostile.

They are very worried about being discovered by the people of the dark realm.

At this moment, it is Raphael who is flying at the forefront, not Lucifer.

Lucifer was right behind Raphael.

"Raphi, does the place you mentioned really hide a teleportation node?"

At this time, Lucifer couldn't help but ask.

Rafi turned back: "Lord Lucy, there is indeed a hidden teleportation node, which leads directly to the Azure Dragon Star Region. I went there seven years ago, and it is well preserved!"

Lucifer nodded slightly and breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he wondered again: "Raphi, this is the realm of the Dark Demon Realm. How do you know that there will be a hidden transmission node to the Azure Dragon Starfield in that remote place?"

Raphi sighed: "Lord Lucy, you may not believe it. Five thousand years ago, my subordinate met a mysterious man in black robe, who was extremely powerful. That man called himself 'Heavenly Venerate'."

"He once told me that there was a hidden teleportation node on the barren planet at the edge of the dark star field. However, I didn't take it seriously at the time."

"Until seven years ago, I came to perform a mission near the dark star field, and I stopped by to see it. I saw a teleportation node, and it was leading to the Qinglong star field."

Lucifer nodded slightly: "So it is! By the way, who is the 'Heavenly Venerate'?"

Raphael shook his head: "I don't know! The subordinates only know that that person is extremely powerful?"

"How strong?!"

"I'm afraid that Lord Yeshen will only be killed in seconds in front of him!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Lucius and the others were extremely shocked, and their eyes widened.

After a long time, Lucius took a deep breath: "Why did he tell you about the teleportation node?"

Raphael smiled bitterly: "I don't know either! He just said that if people in the Bright God Realm want to get the Book of the Present World, it will be more beneficial to transmit it through that node!"

"And this mission also reminds me of a chance encounter thousands of years ago. In short, that 'Heavenly Venerate' seems to be able to spy into the future."

Lucius nodded slightly: "It's okay! It's not a bad thing to be able to get to the Blue Star Realm earlier!"

Raphael nodded: "Yes! We have to travel normally, and it is estimated that it will take two or three days. If we use that teleportation node, we will be able to arrive in half a day."

"Yes! Let's go!"

At this moment, the group of people accelerated their speed and rushed towards the depths of the starry sky...

Half a day is 12 hours.

Qin Feng didn't know about the threat of Lucifer.

Lucifer's combat power exceeds 6 billion stars.

What's more, under the command of God Lucifer, there are five other main gods such as Rafi who are at their peak.

If Qin Feng knew that such a big crisis existed, he would definitely accelerate his strength improvement...

But he doesn't know yet!

At this moment, the Temple of Fortune, the comprehension assessment ladder, the fifth floor.

Qin Feng is going all out!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It was at this moment that the mask around him began to crack every inch!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

Successfully cleared the 5th floor!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the fire element Dao rhyme at this layer, your control over the fire element law is deepened, and the combat power is +50,000 stars...]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 5th step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You pass the 60 seconds in the 5th step assessment and get the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy!

Exactly 60 seconds again!

The record of 4 points has been maintained again!

It's not easy!

Before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 2 points, you can receive the 20th extra reward]

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the 20th extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have won the "Spirit Power" reward! 】

【Received successfully! Congratulations on your 10x luck reward! 】

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained a 'Good Fortune Grade Treasure Chest'! 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

The 20th reward!

This time the reward is different from before!

The best-quality soul power has finally become a god-quality soul power.

The treasure chest has also changed from the creation level to the creation level.

Obviously, the reward is even more powerful!

Especially that god-grade soul power, how much can he improve the strength of his soul power?

Now, what Qin Feng desires most is to increase the strength of his soul power.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, a light golden beam of light descended from the sky and fell on Qin Feng.

That is divine soul power!

The next second, Qin Feng's soul power began to skyrocket wildly!

At the same time, his combat power is also increasing wildly!

Chapter 757 Title promotion! Soaring strength!

After a long time, the vision on Qin Feng's body slowly disappeared.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, the reminder of the Tao of Heaven reverberated...

[Reminder: Congratulations on absorbing the soul power of the gods, your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +30,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your soul body strength has been strengthened to 35.21% of the Quasi-God King]

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, full of joy.

This 'Spirit Power' is so powerful that it actually increased his combat power by 30,000 stars!

Its increase in the strength of the soul body is also huge, and it actually increased him to 35.21% of the Quasi-God King.

According to this progress, after he completes the 999th floor, his soul power is expected to break through to the real god-king level!

At this thought, Qin Feng was looking forward to it.

At this moment, another beam of luck light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, his qi-luck began to skyrocket!

[Reminder: Congratulations on getting 10 times the luck reward, your luck value reaches 503 times]

[It is detected that your luck value has broken 5 times, and your second title "Lord of Destiny" has been promoted from primary to intermediate]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Intermediate)! You get 100 million star combat power blessing]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Intermediate)! You got +10,000 Prestige Rewards]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Intermediate)! The upper limit of the number of times of your combat power feedback has been increased to 10,000 times]

[Reminder: The Lord of Destiny is promoted to advanced level, and the luck value needs to be doubled]

At this moment, Qin Feng's combat power and momentum once again soared wildly, extremely terrifying!

I don't know how long it took before those visions gradually subsided...

Qin Feng opened his eyes in surprise!

The title of the Lord of Destiny!

Finally promoted to the intermediate level!

This time is really cool!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

It actually caused him to skyrocket his 100 million star combat power, and even his reputation skyrocketed by 10,000 points!

The harvest is really huge!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

But before he is happy, the mutation in the field regenerates!

The void vibrates around!

Then, one after another, incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: Your servant Zhou Tian's combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

【Reminder: Your servant...

...

Qin Feng showed a happy smile again!

It turned out that after he was promoted to the intermediate master of destiny, the upper limit of feedback has skyrocketed from 6 to 10,000.

In this way, he can get 4 people's combat power back.

Today, Long Yuan's children have reached 10,000 with a combat strength of 500,000 stars, which is exactly what he needs to feed back.

In just a moment, Qin Feng was covered with white light back and turned into a dazzling light man!

His combat power has soared wildly once again!

That feeling of getting stronger and stronger is really wonderful!

In a blink of an eye, all the feedback was over, and all the white light dissipated!

Qin Feng also opened his eyes with satisfaction!

This time, his strength has improved a lot!

With only 4 people's feedback, he got 120,000 star combat power.