Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, he opened the panel excitedly...

【Reputation】: 63,000 points

[Combat Strength]: 2.821 billion

[Air Luck]: 503 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 35.21%

very good!

The combat power has reached 2.821 billion stars!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

He didn't know that such a combat power still had no chance of life in the face of Lucius.

And Lucifer will arrive at the Blue Star Realm 12 hours later.

Om~!

At this moment, another beam of light fell in front of Qin Feng.

Afterwards, a fortune-telling treasure chest slowly fell along the beam of light...

This is the last part of this reward.

After Qin Feng got the treasure box, he opened the treasure box at will.

Unsurprisingly, he got another mass of 'Pluto Remnant Spirit', which was directly absorbed by the Book of Life and Death.

In this way, the progress of the book of life and death has reached the limit of 10,000/100,000 for the high-grade god-level.

This is still a long way from being promoted to the best **** rank.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng put away the book of life and death and looked up to the 501st floor.

This time, he absorbed the soul power of the gods and increased his luck by 10 times.

Then the next pass, the time can be shortened...

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Then, he walked to the 501st floor...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to come to the 501st floor and quickly completed the level.

Everything was as he expected, and the clearance time was shortened to 42 seconds.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, he continued all the way through the barrier!

In a blink of an eye, he reached level 511, which was also the highest record in the universe.

Soon, Qin Feng broke level 511, which took 44 seconds!

At this moment, the square is completely boiling!

In the crowd, Jielin stared blankly at Qin Feng's back, her expression suddenly stunned.

And beside her, there is another figure, it is the young master Capricorn.

It turned out that Young Master Capricorn had been eliminated on the 377th floor!

At this moment, the young master Capricorn witnessed Qin Feng passing the 511 level with his own eyes, and his heart was extremely shocked.

However, while he admires Qin Feng, he is also a little sour.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to go to the 512th floor.

At that level, no one in this universe has ever been able to break through...

Because starting from the 512th floor, it is a new cycle, and the difficulty is doubled.

Because of this, no one can get past it again.

This time, Qin Feng also easily passed the 512th level.

However, it took him 90 seconds to keep the record of 4 points, and finally got 3 points.

In this regard, Qin Feng is still very satisfied.

He has tried his best.

Judging from the current scores and gains, it also exceeded his expectations...

In this way, Qin Feng continued to pass the level...

The difficulty of that level is getting higher and higher.

Qin Feng spends more and more time.

Because the cards have been played out, Qin Feng's time-consuming increase is also fast.

After reaching 6 levels, the time for him to break through a level reached more than 4 minutes.

After 7 levels, it took him more than 9 minutes to pass the first level.

In a blink of an eye, he reached level 706.

At this moment, on the 706th floor stairs.

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

He just broke level 706, took 9 minutes and 37 seconds, and scored another 3 points.

At this moment, the assessment token in Qin Feng's hand lights up, and the information in it has changed...

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

[Pass the level]: Step 706

[Cumulative score]: 2629 points

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

His original plan was to get more than 25 points in this assessment.

Now that he hasn't finished the level, he has already reached his goal...

Afterwards, Qin Feng opened the panel again and checked the latest data...Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Combat Strength]: 3.997 billion

[Luck]: 584 times (Lord of the Intermediate Destiny)

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 61.58%

After reading the data, Qin Feng felt extremely comfortable.

After the 5th floor, every time a level is broken, the increased combat power has been around 50,000 stars.

This seems to be a restriction given by Heaven.

Even so, after Qin Feng reached the 706th floor, his combat power soared to 3.997 billion stars.

During this period, he also won 6 rewards, his luck has been increased to 584 times, and the strength of your soul has been greatly improved.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied.

However, his next level will exceed 10 minutes, and the points will drop again.

Because the 707th floor is the beginning of a new cycle, the difficulty will be doubled again.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 707th floor...

It didn't take long for him to reach the 707th floor and soon entered the testing state.

In the square, everyone has been watching him silently.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, 10 minutes passed.

Qin Feng did not break through.

Everything is as he expected, he will fall out of ten minutes this round, and the points will be reduced again...

At the same time, there was a lot of discussion in the square.

"Everyone, ten minutes have passed! This lord hasn't crossed the 707th floor yet!"

"Yeah! The 707th floor is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty is more than double that of 706!"

"It seems that this adult can only get 1 point in this level! However, even so, it is extremely terrifying!"

"It's true! The previous highest record in this universe was 511 floors, but this lord actually broke through to 707 floors, which is incredible!"

"The old man is a little worried, can this adult pass the 999th floor?"

"When you say that, it's really worrying! The adult took nearly 10 minutes to clear the level on the first floor, and it is estimated that this floor will take about 20 minutes. Based on this calculation, he will have more than 1 when he reaches more than 800 levels. hours."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly, and their expressions were a little worried.

On the other side, Jielin looked at Qin Feng's state and showed a hint of worry.

Unconsciously, she also expected that Qin Feng would be able to clear the 999th floor.

From the current situation, it seems that something is not good!

"Cousin, do you think this person can clear the 999th floor?"

Jielin asked the young master of Capricorn on the side.

At this moment, the young master of Capricorn had a look of joy in his eyes.

Seeing that Qin Feng has reached the 707th floor, he has far broken the record of his own universe, and the brilliance he has created is a hundred times stronger.

It would be a lie to say that he was not jealous.

At this moment, when he saw that Qin Feng hadn't broken the level within ten minutes, he couldn't help but feel joy in his heart.

He wished that Qin Feng would be eliminated sooner!

Judging from the current situation, he seems to see hope.

At the moment, the young master of Capricorn smiled coldly: "Haha! I think this guy can break through the 8th level, which is not bad. He still wants to pass the 999th floor, which is almost impossible!"

Jielin was surprised: "Why?"

The young master of Capricorn took a deep breath: "You think! He hasn't broken the level in ten minutes now. At this level, he can also get 1 point. In addition, he has the first additional point in history, That's 2 points."

"In this way, starting from the 707th floor, he has to pass 50 levels in order to get 1 point and an additional reward. If the efficiency of collecting points is low, the number of rewards will be reduced."

"Without enough additional rewards, this guy will have a harder time passing the level, and the speed of being eliminated will speed up!"

Jielin nodded in understanding.

She vaguely felt that her cousin's analysis was very reasonable, and her expression became even more worried.

The young master of Capricorn is looking forward to it.

He naturally expects that Qin Feng will be eliminated soon...

Time flies!

After another 10 minutes or so, Qin Feng finally succeeded in breaking the level. It took 20 minutes and 17 seconds to get 2 points.

Seeing this result, everyone was even more worried.

Afterwards, Qin Feng continued to break through the barrier... 8.

Chapter 758 The True God Comes! Strong enemy peeps!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to cross the 708th floor again!

It took 20 minutes and 18 seconds, one second more than the previous level.

This made Qin Feng feel a trace of invisible pressure.

From the 707th floor to the 721st floor, it is the same cycle, and the time increase is not much.

But at the 722nd floor, a new cycle begins, and the difficulty is about to double.

By that time, it would take him more than 40 minutes for each level!