Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He had to think of something quickly.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and continued to pass the level...

At the same time, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, four mysterious figures appeared near Longyuan City.

Three of them are Uriel, Karoo, and Judah.

The last figure is Gabriel!

An hour ago, Gabriel arrived in the forbidden land of the Jewish people.

Then, under the leadership of Judas, he finally arrived near Longyuan City after an hour's journey.

If it weren't for Judas being too slow, their group would have arrived faster.

"Master, shall we go directly now?"

At this moment, Judas stood behind Gabriel and asked with great respect.

Gabriel looked at the floating city tens of thousands of miles away, revealing a pondering color.

Then, he waved his hand, and a dazzling white light lit up in his palm.

An invisible divine power enveloped the group of four.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The next second, the figures of the four people disappeared strangely in place.

It turned out that Gabriel used a secret technique to make the four invisible.

There was not a trace of breath in the field, and even with divine sense, the four of them could not be detected!

After doing this, Gabriel said: "That Qin Feng is very weird! Before I find out his details, I can't act rashly!"

Since the fall of Kaxiu, coupled with Tianzun's hint, he has become more and more cautious about Qin Feng.

Judas quickly echoed: "That's what the master is worried about! That Qin Feng is really weird! As his challenger, at best he can have the strength of the true god's limit, and he is already in the sky."

"The fall of Lord Kaxiu cannot be done by him. The subordinates also suspect that it was the hidden power behind him who killed Lord Kaxiu."

Gabriel nodded slightly: "It should be like this! It can be seen that the book of the present world has also fallen into the hands of the great master behind Qin Feng. The target the deity wants to deal with is the great power behind it."

"I just don't know, what kind of strength is that guy? Where is he hiding? If we don't find that person, we will act rashly. Even if we destroy Longyuan City and kill Qin Feng, we may not be able to get the present book that the deity wants. ."

As soon as these words fell, Judas, Uriel, and Karoo all nodded.

They all thought that it was someone else who killed Kaxiu, and Qin Feng couldn't do it at all.

They didn't know that the one who killed Kaxiu was just a clone of Qin Feng.

"Lord Gabriel, what should we do to find the hidden power?"

Uriel asked with concern.

Gabriel sneered: "This deity uses my secret technique to detect it first. As long as that guy is in Longyuan City, this deity will definitely be able to find him."

Uriel worried: "Sir, will you be noticed by that person when you use the secret technique to detect?"

Gabriel smiled confidently: "If your soul power doesn't reach the level of a quasi-god king, you won't be able to detect the deity's prying skills at all. The person who killed Kaxiu is also the peak strength of the main god, and he won't be able to detect it."

Uriel was overjoyed: "So good!"

At the moment, Gabriel is no longer nonsense.

As soon as his mind moved, his eyes lit up with dazzling white light, and he peeped at the floating city thousands of miles away...

At that moment, the fluctuation of soul power emanating from Gabriel suddenly reached the level of a quasi-god king.

What Gabriel is best at is soul power.

And he is not far away from breaking through the quasi-god king.

In this way, Gabriel spy on the floating city.

Uriel, Karoo, and Judas waited silently...

On the other side, in the Temple of Fortune.

Qin Feng is still digging through the barriers.

Time passed minute by minute.

Before he knew it, he broke into the 722nd floor.

This is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty has increased!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it took him 43 minutes and 16 seconds to break through.

This kind of performance made the people in the square mutter again.

The difficulty of breaking through the level is beyond everyone's imagination.

Many people showed concern.

According to this development, Qin Feng is afraid that he will not be able to break through the 8th floor. As for the 999th floor, it is even more impossible.

In the crowd, the young master of Capricorn showed a coquettish expression.

In this way, after Qin Feng passed the 722nd floor, he continued to pass the level...

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, near the floating city.

Gabriel has been keeping his eyes bright, carefully spying on the floating city...

The more he snooped, the deeper his brows furrowed.

The three of Uriel stood by, waiting anxiously for a long time.

This time, Mr. Gabriel has been probing for several hours, and he has not withdrawn the secret technique, and he does not know how the probing is going.

Just when the three of Uriel were impatient, the blazing white light in Gabriel's eyes slowly faded, and his eyes returned to normal.

Uriel's eyes lit up: "Sir, how is the situation?"

Gabriel frowned: "It's really weird! There are only 20,000 people in Longyuan City, basically all of them are ants in the heaven-level realm, and there are only three people in the demigod realm. The existence of the Lord God Realm!"

As soon as these words fell, Uriel and Karu were all surprised.

In their minds, Longyuan City should be very strong.

There are at least a dozen False God realms, plus Qin Feng who is in the True God realm.

But after Mr. Gabriel's investigation, why didn't he even find a False God?

"Judas, did you lead the wrong way? Is it really Longyuan City ahead?"

Uriel could not help asking Judah.

Judas was also a little confused.

Afterwards, he said very firmly: "Lord Uriel, this subordinate definitely did not lead the wrong way. When Tiandao awarded the reward, there was a reminder. The subordinate saw with his own eyes that thousands of reward beams fell on the one in front of him. Location."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly.

Looks like the location is right!

But then, Gabriel frowned: "Strange! Since Longyuan's lair is ahead, why is Longyuan so weak? The strongest among them are only three demigods!"

Gabriel didn't know that the three demigod realms he sensed were the three avatars of Qin Feng.

However, in his eyes, the demigod realm was equivalent to an ant-like existence, and he did not pay attention to it at all.

As for Longyuan City, there are only 20,000 people, that is, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Granny Yusang have brought three batches of players to the Temple of Creation to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

At present, the elder Qishan took the last batch of players and stayed in Longyuan City with the three clones.

"My lord! Since you haven't sensed the existence above the False God realm, it is estimated that Qin Feng is not in the old nest. Then the power hidden behind him is probably not there either."

Uriel expressed his opinion.

Gabriel nodded slightly: "It makes sense!"

Uriel said again: "Since there is a group of ants in front of us, we might as well rush over and destroy them all!"

Gabriel hurriedly shook his head: "Don't startle the snake! This is Qin Feng's lair, and he will come back eventually. Let's wait and see. If Qin Feng doesn't show up, then take his lair!"

As soon as these words fell, several people nodded and continued to hide and spy nearby.

They thought that without Qin Feng in the floating city, there would be no power that could resist him.

Of course, Gabriel was also too cautious, so he didn't make a move.

He didn't know that the more cautious he was, the more disadvantaged it would be.

With the passage of time, Qin Feng has more and more breakthroughs, and his strength will become stronger and stronger.

And with the soaring strength of Qin Feng, the strength of his three avatars will also soar all the way.

If this continues, he will only die faster!

In this way, the four of Gabriel continued to hide aside...

At the same time, in the floating city.

The Moon Spirit clone aimed at thousands of miles away intentionally or unintentionally.

The direction he was looking at was the direction in which the four of Gabriel were invisible.

Gabriel's espionage technique requires soul power to reach the threshold level of a quasi-god king before it can be discovered.

Qin Feng has long reached the level of a quasi-god king.

This made his avatar's soul power level reach the threshold level of a quasi-god king.

In other words, the Moon Spirit clone had already sensed the arrival of Gabriel.

It's just that he didn't know Gabriel's details, so he didn't dare to act rashly.

"That guy finally took back his prying skills. Could he be the master of Kaxiu?"

Yueling muttered inwardly.

Swish~!

At this moment, a light and shadow flashed behind him, and Elder Qishan arrived.

"Master, my subordinates have followed your instructions to let all Longyuan disciples retreat into the city, and don't easily leave the protective barrier."

Yueling clone nodded with satisfaction: "Very good!"

Elder Qishan was curious: "Master, why did you order this? Is it possible that Kaxiu's master is coming? It's time to count, it shouldn't be so fast!"

Yueling's clone took a deep breath: "I don't know if it is the deity. However, there are indeed a few powerful enemies from thousands of miles away from the city. They have been secretly spying on the floating city. I will wait and see what happens!"

Elder Qishan nodded: "My subordinates understand!"

"Right! Go on, only communicate through the chat channel, don't talk about anything about Kaxiu in private."

"Yes!"

At the moment, the elder Qishan took the order and left.

Yueling clone made such an order, but also suspected that the person who came was Kaxiu's master.

The person who came here has the espionage technique, and he naturally asked his subordinates not to talk about Kaxiu, so that Gabriel could get nothing.

Not long after the elder Qishan left, another invisible force shrouded the entire Floating City 2.2...

Yueling clone sneered.

He knew that Gabriel was snooping again.

That guy will keep monitoring the floating city...

However, this guy's espionage technique, the fluctuation of soul power emitted is not low, reaching the level of a quasi-god king.

This makes Yueling clone incomprehensible, how strong is the opponent?

If he had known Gabriel's strength, he would have taken action long ago...

In this way, the Yueling clone has been secretly guarding the four Gabriel.

Gabriel was also secretly waiting for Qin Feng's appearance.

The two sides fell into an invisible confrontation...