Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Time just passed by without knowing it!

In the Temple of Fortune, Qin Feng is naturally aware of what happened in the Blue Star Realm.

However, he was in no mood to pay attention.

What's more, after he entered the Temple of Fortune, if he did not complete the False God realm assessment, he would not be able to get out.

In this way, Qin Feng continued to bury his head in breaking through...

Before he knew it, he had passed the 724th floor and was about to go to the 725th floor...

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred in the Blue Star Realm.

That Gabriel finally got impatient, and actually directly removed the invisibility secret technique and flew to the floating city with the three of Uriel...

The Moon Spirit clone sensed Gabriel's action for the first time.

Qin Feng and Yueling's avatars are concentric and can naturally sense simultaneously.

At this moment, Qin Feng couldn't help but look up and look towards the Blue Star Realm.

Chapter 759 Divine Space! Cast yourself in the net!

At the same time, in the floating city.

Yueling clone looked thousands of miles away.

I saw four human-shaped black dots flying in that direction, very fast.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Master, is a strong enemy coming?!"

At this moment, next to Yueling clone, Elder Qishan's voice sounded.

He looked solemnly at the small black spot in the distance, with a worried expression on his face.

Behind Elder Qishan, more than 20,000 Long Yuan disciples were also watching the incoming enemy.

Yueling clone looked into the distance and said, "It should be the enemy!"

Elder Qishan took a deep breath: "Master, this time there are four powerful enemies, how strong are they?"

The distance is too far, and with the strength of the Qishan elders, it is natural to see the strength of the four Gabriel.

And the consciousness of the moon spirit clone is already spying on the breath of the four of Gabriel.

After a while, Yueling's clone spied out an outline, and he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.

The strong fluctuation of soul power before was comparable to the level of a quasi-god-king, and he was really worried that a quasi-god-king would strike.

If the quasi-god king attacks, he is not an opponent at all, even if the main body comes, he is not an opponent.

Now it seems that the situation is better than he imagined.

At the moment, he smiled slightly: "Among the four who came, one is the limit of the main god, the middle stage of the main god, and the other is just the true god!"

"The limit of the Lord God?!"

Elder Qishan exclaimed.

The disciples also changed their color.

This time it's not good!

They witnessed with their own eyes that Yueling's clone beheaded Kaxiu.

At that time, the battle power and momentum displayed by the Moon Spirit clone was the peak level of the main god.

In other words, Elder Qishan thought that the strength of the Moon Spirit clone was the peak of the Lord God.

After all, the killing of Kaxiu didn't take long.

If the Moon Spirit clone is the peak strength of the Lord God, then against the limit of the Lord God, there are absolutely 19 pairs that lose more and win less!

Thinking of this, Elder Qishan became a little nervous.

"Master, this situation is not good! Do you want to summon the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone?"

Elder Qishan's tone revealed unease.

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "Woo Ling and Bing Ling have already left!"

It turned out that the wood spirit avatar and the ice spirit avatar have been refining various medicinal herbs in retreat.

"Actually, I can do it alone! You stay in the mask, and I will meet them!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yueling dodged, flew out of the floating city, and took the initiative to meet the four of Gabriel.

He wanted to pull the battlefield farther away, so as not to affect the floating city and damage the children of Long Yuan.

At the moment, Elder Qishan and others watched nervously with anxiety.

They were really worried that the Moon Spirit clone was not the opponent of the four Gabriel.

They didn't notice the joy in the eyes of Yueling's clone after spitting out the realm of the four of Gabriel.

Lord God Realm!

Even if it is the limit of the main god, the moon spirit clone is confident that it can be killed!

What's even better is that killing the three main gods will not only get a lot of attribute feedback, but also absorb their luck.

And luck is really important to Qin Feng now!

The stronger the luck, the greater the blessing of soul power, and the more levels Qin Feng can pass.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone excitedly greeted her...

At the same moment, the Temple of Fortune, on the stairs of the 724th floor.

Qin Feng also smiled.

He and the Moon Spirit are of the same mind, and naturally knew the realm of Gabriel and others.

These four guys are coming, and if they come to give him luck.

I don't know how much luck will he gain by killing Gabriel, Karu, and Uriel?

No matter how much, it will be of great help to his next assessment.

Thinking of this, white light flashed in Qin Feng's hand, and the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword appeared out of thin air.

The next second, he opened the panel and put the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword into the trading channel.

correct!

The soul fragments of those four guys can be converted into Destiny Points.

Especially the guy with the limit of the main god, his soul power is extremely powerful, reaching the level of a quasi-god king.

If he absorbs his soul fragments, he will definitely gain a lot of destiny.

And his "Book of Life and Death" progress has reached 90,000/100,000, which is just a little bit closer to the top-level god-level.

If "Book of Life and Death" is promoted to the best **** rank, it can increase his luck by about 50 times, which is very beneficial to him!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly took out the "Book of Life and Death" and put it into the trading channel.

Whoo~!

Done!

Next, just wait for the results of the Moon Spirit clone.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, then slowly got up and continued to walk down the 725th floor...

Although he didn't have the help of "Book of Life and Death", he had no problem breaking through the 725th floor...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge suddenly roared continuously, and a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Your phantom clone has succeeded in setting the ground, fire, water, and wind, and your zero-dimensional space is in the process of being advanced...]

【Advanced success! Your zero-degree space is advanced to god-level space]

[Divine space: high-grade god-level space, with infinite power of heaven and earth]

[Reminder: Manipulating the divine dimension can feed back the power of 50,000 stars to the master]

Huh~!

Even so!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

Before this, the zero-degree space was only used as a personal space, with functions such as hiding, living, and storage, and had no special role.

Unexpectedly, after the zero-dimensional space was promoted to 'divine space', it could give him back the power of 50,000 stars of heaven and earth.

The strength of this feedback is comparable to that of a top-quality god-level treasure!

You must know that the divine dimension is only a high-grade divine rank.

From this, it can be seen that the space above the **** rank is more powerful than the artifact, and the effect after that is estimated to be even more extraordinary!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: The Qi of Creation at the primary level of the three regiments can promote the Divine Space to the peak level of the High-Grade Divine Rank]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

He has three groups of primary good fortune in his hand.

If his expectations are not bad, the rank of the divine dimension will be promoted again, and the power of heaven and earth will be more fed back.

This is a good thing!

Immediately, he took out the three groups of primary good fortune, put it into the trading channel, and let the phantom clone take it to upgrade the divine dimension.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations, your zero-dimensional space has been promoted to god-level space (high-grade god-level)! Completed a **** condition for activating the 'Master of the Universe' quest]

[Reminder: You still have a **** condition to complete! 】

This is another good news!

At present, he is short of the last **** condition to live the mission of the 'Master of the Universe'.

The **** condition is to awaken the SSS-level talent - the law of creation!

However, Qin Feng has no time to think about this now.

His current task is to complete the current assessment.

correct!

He has already reached the 724th floor, how much has his strength improved?

Yueling clone is going to kill the four Gabriel, and there must be an absolute crushing potential.

Otherwise, it is very likely that Gabriel will slip away, which is not good!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked the latest data...

[Combat strength]: 4.9 billion

So much fighting power!

With such a calculation, the combat power of his clone reaches about 3.3 billion stars, and the limit of killing the Lord God is not a big problem.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, closed the panel, and walked to the 725th floor...

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, near the floating city.

With a gloomy face, Gabriel was flying towards the floating city.

Uriel and the three followed closely behind.

Gabriel was not a very patient person, and his last bit of patience was exhausted at this moment.

According to his idea, since Qin Feng is not here, he will take Qin Feng's nest and catch a couple of other survivors to force him to find out Qin Feng's whereabouts.

As for whether to fight the grass and startle the snake, he can no longer control that much!