Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He felt inexplicably that he couldn't wait any longer.

The mysterious Heavenly Venerate, but hinted that it should be sooner rather than later!

But Qin Feng didn't show up, he had to change his plan!

"My lord, a person flew out of Longyuan's lair!"

At this moment, Uriel murmured.

Gabriel followed the sound, and saw a figure flying out of the floating city, coming towards the four of them.

The person here is the Moon Spirit clone!

It's just that the distance between the two sides is too far, and with Wulie's strength, it is impossible to see the appearance and strength of Yueling's clone.

Gabriel can see clearly!

He couldn't help but frown slightly: "Hey! The deity thought that they would only find us when we were hundreds of miles away from Longyuan's lair. I didn't expect that a Longyuan disciple would find us within 10,000 miles."

Uriel was surprised: "Sir, what kind of strength is this person?!"

Gabriel smiled coldly: "It's just a demigod!"

Wu Lie was stunned: "Only in the demigod realm! I thought it was Qin Feng who showed up. It seems that I thought 470 more. With the strength of the demigod realm, it is almost impossible to find us thousands of miles away. It is estimated that This guy was lucky and found us by accident!"

Judas also said sourly: "Sir Uriel is right! A demigod ant never discovered our ability in advance, it should have been discovered by luck. What's even more ridiculous is that he dared to come alone, it is estimated that Don't treat us as enemies!"

Gabriel pondered: "Looking at the situation, it seems to be the case! Then I'll slow down and don't scare him away. When this kid gets close, see if you can get Qin Feng's whereabouts out of his mouth."

Wu Lie's eyes lit up: "Your Excellency is wise! I'm waiting for Qin Feng, isn't it? Killing these ants is just incidental. It's just that this kid knows Qin Feng's whereabouts?"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "He probably knows it! Because in the entire Longyuan lair, only three people are in the demigod realm, and the rest are in the heaven realm. This kid is one of the three demigod realms, and should be regarded as Longyuan. Chief of the city!"

Hearing this, everyone was stunned.

Immediately, Wu Lie sneered: "This Longyuan City is really weak! The entire old nest is only three demigod realms! With this little strength, I don't know how Longyuan City became the power of the sky! It seems that the entire Blue Star Realm The strength is not enough!"

Karoo also laughed: "Needless to say! This Blue Star Realm is the last star realm, and even a star master has never been born. With such a moribund star realm, how much power do you expect to be born?"

Judas also agreed: "This Longyuan City is weaker than the subordinates expected. The subordinates think that Longyuan City can become the power of the sky, it is estimated that it depends on the power behind Qin Feng!"

Gabriel also smiled and nodded: "Probably so!"

After this speculation, the four of them despised Longyuan City even more!

"Let's go! Go meet that kid first! Be careful to slow down and don't scare him away!"

Gabriel gave another order.

At that moment, the four of them deliberately concealed their good breath, and after reducing their speed to the level of a demigod, they approached Yueling's clone.

On the other side, the Moon Spirit clone also kept its speed at the level of the demigod.

He was also worried about scaring the four of Gabriel away.

In this way, the two sides have their own ghosts and are constantly approaching...

Chapter 760 The sky is falling and the earth is cracking! Continuous lore!

A quarter of an hour later, the two sides were only three or four hundred miles apart.

At this time, Gabriel's faces gradually showed joy.

"Master, there are only more than 300 miles left. The boy in front can't run away if he wants to."

Judas said with a smile on his face.

The eyes that looked at Yueling's avatar showed a look of schadenfreude.

Gabriel also smiled and said: "When you get close, don't rush to do it! The deity must first find out the whereabouts of Qin Feng!"

"clear!"

All three of Uriel showed knowing smiles.

At this time, Carew worried again: "Sir, if this kid is stubborn and would rather die than die, what should he do?"

Gabriel sneered: "If he doesn't say it! The deity will use the soul path secret technique to directly extract his soul memory!"

Karu's eyes lit up: "This method is very good! Memory extraction, he can't keep any secrets! Just using this method, this person will have his soul collapsed, and he will definitely die!"

Gabriel said coldly: "Humph! The people of Longyuan City deserve to die! Since they dare to kill my pet Kaxiu, don't even think about leaving a survivor!"

Gabriel's tone revealed cold killing intent!

The fall of Kaxiu made him extremely sad and angry.

After all, Kaxiu was the pet that accompanied him when he rose from Wei Mo!

Now it has been poisoned by Long Yuan!

This time he came, not only to take Qin Feng's treasure, but also to destroy Long Yuan and avenge Kaxiu!

In this way, Gabriel continued to approach the Moon Spirit clone...

On the other side, Yueling's clone did not hesitate to meet him.

It's just that the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, revealing a sneer.

These four guys really underestimated him, thinking that he wouldn't be able to hear him if they whispered a few hundred miles away.

It turned out that with the hearing of Yueling's clone, Gabriel could hear the conversation of the four of them clearly.

This point, I am afraid that Gabriel did not think of it!

After all, at a distance of more than 300 miles, they were all whispering.

In such a state, even the Lord God could not eavesdrop on their conversations.

pity!

The strength of the Moon Spirit clones is far beyond the limit of the main god, and naturally they can hear the content of their conversation clearly!

"That guy really is the master of Kaxiu!"

Yueling's clone looked at Gabriel from a distance, and couldn't help muttering in his heart.

Then, with a cold smile, he silently opened the trading channel and took out the Heavenly Fate Sword and the Book of Life and Death.

Now that it has been confirmed that the visitor is an enemy or a friend, he has nothing to worry about!

As soon as he took out the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, he silently put in the storage ring, and then continued to greet the four of Gabriel.

In a blink of an eye, the two sides were hundreds of feet apart, and each stopped!

The atmosphere in the field was not at all tense.

The four of Gabriel looked at Yueling's avatar with ease, and their expressions were very relaxed.

Judas, Uriel, and Kalu's eyes were full of playfulness.

They seem to have seen the end of the tragic death of Yueling's clone.

And thousands of miles away, in the floating city.

Tens of thousands of Longyuan's disciples were also watching from a distance, with worried expressions.

They didn't know why the Moon Spirit clone didn't summon the Wood Spirit and Ice Spirit clones?

In their opinion, the current situation is very unfavorable for the Moon Spirit clone!

At this moment, the scene of the confrontation!

Gabriel raised his chin slightly and looked at Yueling's avatar with an aloof expression.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After a long while, the corner of his mouth twitched slightly, his eyes showing disdain.

This kid is indeed only a demigod, and there is nothing to hide.

It's just that he couldn't understand why this kid was so bold, he dared to come to meet the four of them alone.

"My lord, judging from the qi and blood of this kid, he is not very old, he seems to be in his twenties"!"

At this moment, Uriel's muttering sounded in his ear again, and the tone revealed surprise.

Uriel is good at the law of blood, and can judge the actual age from the blood of the opponent.

Hearing this, Gabriel's eyes also showed a hint of shock.

A demigod in his twenties!

This is absolutely genius among geniuses!

From this point of view, the boy in front of him still has merit!

However, no matter how talented he is, it is not worth mentioning until he grows up.

"This friend, are you from Longyuan City! Where is Qin Feng?"

Gabriel deliberately rhetoric, and his tone still revealed a high-spirited meaning.

He didn't know that his identity had already been exposed.

Yueling clone laughed without saying a word!

Gabriel frowned slightly!

Uriel and the three were even more upset!

A boy in the demigod realm, in the face of their adults' questions, he likes to ignore them!

Do you really think they are demigods? !

"Boy, my adults are asking you something! Don't you answer quickly, my patience is limited!"

Uriel sneered, a little impatient.

They didn't intend to, and they could really make out the words from the mouth of Yueling's clone.

If this kid doesn't know each other again, just capture this kid alive and let Lord Gabriel extract his memory!

With this thought, Wu Lie continued to scold: "Boy! Hurry up! Where did Qin Feng go?"

Yueling's clone sneered and pulled out the Heavenly Luck Sword!

"you wanna die!"

Uriel is furious!

Gabriel also frowned, this kid really doesn't know what to do.

Before they attacked, this kid took out his long sword!

It's just looking for death!

Boom~!

In the next second, Uriel exuded a monstrous aura!

The divine might in the middle stage of the main god, mightily crushed towards the Moon Spirit clone.

He will use his own momentum to suppress this kid on the spot, and then capture him alive!

Gabriel watched indifferently.

Now that Wu Lie has taken action, there is no need for him to do any more.

It's just a demigod, with Uriel's strength, he can be killed with just his aura, let alone captured alive.

And Carew and Judas are all showing schadenfreude.

The boy angered Uriel, and he was about to suffer.

I don't know what his expression would be when he found out that Uriel was the mid-term power of the Lord God?

I was afraid that he would tremble with fear, and fell to the ground on the spot, unable to move half a minute.

There are not many demigods who can still stand under the aura of the Lord God.

Thinking of this, the playfulness in the eyes of the two of them became even stronger.

They are waiting for a good show!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In an instant, Uriel's terrifying aura shrouded the Moon Spirit clone!