Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately afterwards, everyone stared at Yueling's clone, wanting to see him make a fool of himself.

But in the next second, Wu Lie and the others discovered that something was wrong!

Under the pressure of Wulie's momentum, Yueling's avatar's expression was light and calm, as if he was not under any pressure!

what! This is….

Uriel and the others were immediately puzzled!

But before they could think about it, Yueling's clone suddenly shot and slashed at Uriel with a single sword!

"court death!"

Uriel was furious!

He didn't expect that the Yueling clone was not only fine, but also attacked him!

Boom~!

Immediately, Uriel met that sword with a punch!

It is simply unreasonable for a boy in the demigod realm to dare to attack the power of the Lord God!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Uriel threw a punch with all his strength!

The momentum of that punch exploded in an instant, and the momentum was utterly terrifying!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the boxing style passes, the heaven and the earth collapse, and the law is annihilated!

Gabriel was stunned!

He was worried that Wu Lie would kill the Moon Spirit clone with one punch, and there would be no chance of survival.

But don't think too much, the two attacks have collided!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With a single sword, Wu Lie smashed to pieces, and even his soul body was shattered!

But all this is not over yet, that sword is unabated, and continues to slash at Karu and Judas on the side!

This sudden change was completely beyond everyone's expectations!

Before Carew and Judas could react, the attack was in front of them!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Another two consecutive crisp beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

Poof~! Poof~!

All souls are broken!

Terrible scream!

Constantly echoing in the void!

With just one sword, Yueling's clone killed all three of Wulie!

In the distance, the disciples of Long Yuan were completely dumbfounded!

Gabriel's eyes widened in astonishment, looking at the Moon Spirit clone in disbelief!

He never imagined that this boy in the demigod realm would kill three of his subordinates with one sword, and even his soul body was annihilated!

".‖you wanna die!"

Immediately, Gabriel was furious and slaughtered directly at the Moon Spirit clone!

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front, and shot at Yueling's clone with a single shot!

Boom~!

This time, he shot out with all his strength, and he was sure to kill the boy in front of him to scum!

In just an instant, the high-grade god-level spear lit up the holy light one after another, covering the sky and the ground, covering thousands of miles!

At this moment, there is only the blazing white light from the shot left between the sky and the earth.

The terrifying power of that shot is extremely terrifying!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Make the world tremble!

In the floating city, the disciples of Long Yuan saw this scene, their eyes widened, and their hearts were in their throats!

This is the full blow of the ultimate power of the Lord God!

Can the Moon Spirit clone be able to stop it? !

But in the next second, Yueling's clone was shrouded in the dazzling white light, and everyone couldn't see the state of the field!

There was only a white expanse in front of them!

The holy light that burst from that shot actually replaced all the light in the world!

This time, no one knows what will happen in that light?

At the same moment, at the center of the battle!

Gabriel strikes with anger!

Seeing, he is about to fall with one shot!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, white lights flashed on his left and right sides!

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone suddenly appeared!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone shot at Gabriel at the same time!

This shot, the momentum of the three avatars broke out, and suddenly reached more than 3.3 billion stars!

This is…

Gabriel sensed it instantly, and his face changed greatly with fright!

It was only then that he knew that Yueling's clone had hidden strength.

He has been designed again!

When he reacted, it was too late to escape!

Boom~! Long~!

A loud bang!

In the next second, the explosion sound wave spreads everywhere!

Wherever he went, the space collapsed! The earth is cracked!

Thousands of miles away, the floating city is also shaking violently!

The whole world, as if to the end, the scene is extremely terrifying!

Long Yuan's disciples all changed when they saw it!

One by one, they held their breaths and looked forward nervously!

After a long time, the sound wave of the explosion gradually subsided!

The white light in the sky gradually dissipated!

At the center of the explosion, three stalwart figures appeared, which were the three avatars of Yueling, Woodling and Bingling.

And beside them, there is a cloud of blood mist, and a high-grade god-level gun!

That Gabriel was bombarded and killed by three clones!

Seeing this scene, there was an earth-shattering cheer in the floating city...

Chapter 761: The God of Creation Monument! Create gods!

At this moment, Yueling's clone also looked at the blood mist in front of him and the divine sword beside him with joy.

That is a high-grade god-level weapon!

At this time, a dazzling white light flew out from the blood mists in the field, and poured into the body of the moon spirit.

[You succeeded in killing the Demon God Judas (True God Realm), your body has acquired +400 million attributes, +2 trillion energy points]

[You succeeded in killing the Demon God Karu (middle stage of the main god), and your body has acquired +610 million attributes and +3.1 trillion energy points]

[You succeeded in killing the Demon God Uriel (mid-stage main god), and your body gained +650 million attributes and +3.7 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the demon **** Gabriel (the limit of the main god), your body has acquired +3.4 billion attributes, +17.2 trillion energy points]

At this moment, Yueling's clone was full of surprises!

He didn't expect that the harvest of killing Gabriel was more than that of Styx Demon.

Gabriel alone has provided him with 3.4 billion attributes.

This time, his body is going to increase in strength again!

Thinking about it, Styx Demon's combat power is not as good as Gabriel, after all, Gabriel belongs to the leader in the limit of the main god.

However, in terms of real strength, Styx Demon is much stronger than Gabriel.

Not to mention Gabriel, even if the quasi-god king came, it wouldn't help the Demon Venerable Styx.

It is because of Qin Feng's special methods that he was able to kill the Styx Demon and resurrect him.

In short, Yueling clone is really satisfied with this harvest.

Before he could finish being happy, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand lit up with golden light again.

[The luck absorption is successful! The Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck value of Karu, and your body has obtained 8 times the luck value]

[The luck absorption is successful! The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has swallowed all the luck value of Uriel, and your body has obtained 9 times the luck value]

[The luck absorption is successful! The Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all Gabriel's luck value, and your body has obtained 18 times the luck value]

Qin Feng's luck has improved!

A cumulative increase of 35 times!

Yueling's 413 body once again showed a satisfied smile!

However, the Divine Sword of Destiny can only absorb the luck above the main god, and Judas did not provide any luck if he did not reach the realm of the main god.

After absorbing the luck, the Moon Spirit clone hurriedly summoned the "Book of Life and Death" and began to swallow the soul fragments in the field...

Especially Gabriel's Soul Fragment, which is comparable to the level of a quasi-god king...

Om~!

As soon as the book of life and death came out, the inspiration came out!

In the next second, he slowly opened it, generating infinite suction!

Countless soul fragments in the field were swallowed up one after another.

["Book of Life and Death" successfully absorbed soul fragments (True God Realm), Destiny value +93 points]

["Book of Life and Death" successfully absorbs soul fragments (mid-term master god), destiny value +930 points]

["Book of Life and Death" successfully absorbs soul fragments (mid-term master god), Destiny value +1010 points]

["Book of Life and Death" successfully absorbed soul fragments (comparable to the level of a quasi-god king), with a destiny value of +83 points]

[Reminder: The progress of "Book of Life and Death" has reached 170,000/100,000, which meets the advanced requirements and is being automatically advanced]