Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

["The Book of Life and Death" advanced successfully! Promoted to the top tier of gods]

[The feedback combat power of "Book of Life and Death" has been increased to 5 stars]

[The humanitarian ability of "Book of Life and Death" has been improved, and its blessing's luck value has doubled]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, "Book of Life and Death" finally completed its evolution, blooming an extremely dazzling golden light, illuminating the entire sky!

The three avatars of Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit were all pleasantly surprised.

At the moment, Yueling's clone happily put away the "Book of Life and Death".

Then, he waved again, and four storage rings flew into his palm.

That is the storage ring of the four of Gabriel, and the resources in it are extremely rich.

The Yueling clone was put away with satisfaction.

After doing this, the three clones went to extract the corpse...

At the same time, the Temple of Fortune, on the stairs of the 725th floor.

Qin Feng is still meditating with his eyes closed, breaking through with all his strength!

Suddenly, a dazzling white light lit up on him!

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

【Your level is promoted to level 80】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2 points! 】

...

He actually upgraded at this moment!

That is his clone, the harvest after beheading the four Gabriel!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the light of luck on his body became even more dazzling!

In just a moment, his luck value skyrocketed from 584 times to 619 times!

As soon as the luck skyrocketed, the mutation suddenly occurred!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the mask around him was banned, cracking every inch!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is shattered!

The ban cracked successfully!

Heaven also sent a reminder

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the fire element Dao rhyme at this layer, your control over the fire element law is deepened, and the combat power is +50,000 stars...]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 725th step assessment within 1 hour, congratulations on getting 1 Shenwu point]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 44 minutes and 38 seconds in the 725th step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of the hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

End of tip!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes.

This time, he didn't have the help of "Book of Life and Death", and the time spent was only 1 minute longer than the previous level.

He was very satisfied with the result!

Of course, if it weren't for the last moment, his luck had skyrocketed 35 times, and he would have spent about 5 minutes more time.

In short, the blessing of this luck is really great, even more useful than the improvement of soul power.

The improvement of soul power is only the level of pure improvement of comprehension.

The blessing of luck can not only enhance the soul power, but also enhance the inspiration.

Sometimes, it is that little inspiration that can make Qin Feng enter an epiphany in an instant and solve the current difficulties.

Just like that, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy and looked towards the Blue Star Realm.

He sensed that the Moon Spirit clone had already handled everything.

This time, his harvest should not be small!

Just his level, he was promoted to level 80!

At level 80, the representative is eligible to go to the Starfield Headquarters and be promoted to the True God Realm.

Of course, promotion to the True God Realm is not an assessment.

The method is completely different from the previous realm promotion, and even pays his life!

These are all stories!

In short, Qin Feng beheaded the four Gabriel this time, and the harvest was huge!

Thinking of this, he opened the panel...

[Free attribute]: 4.7 billionFindd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

[Air Luck]: 619 times

4.7 billion attributes!

It's so rich!

Qin Feng was very happy.

Then, he added some...

At the same time, in the square.

The spectators were also muttering.

"Everyone, this lord passed the level on the 725th floor! However, he spent about 1 minute more time than the previous floor, which is not a good thing!"

"Yeah! According to this progress, this adult may be eliminated when he is on the 737th floor! Then the 737th floor is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty has doubled!"

"Hey! This...this...hey!"

As soon as those words fell, many people looked worried.

Some even sighed!

Everyone has witnessed that Qin Feng has set an amazing cosmic record.

But they want to see that Qin Feng can pass through the 999th floor and reach the mysterious golden monument.

But judging from the current situation, it is difficult for Qin Feng to even break through the 737th floor, let alone clear the customs.

On the other side, Jielin heard the sighs all around, and her expression became anxious.

She also saw that Qin Feng's level took 1 minute longer than the previous level.

This is definitely not a good sign!

Could it be that this young man really couldn't get past the 737th floor?

"Cousin, do you think that guy really can't get to the 737th floor?"

Jielin couldn't help but ask the young master of Capricorn.

Young Master Capricorn frowned slightly.

He heard the worry in Jielin's tone, and his heart suddenly became inexplicably irritable.

You know, before this, the cousins ​​regarded him as an idol to worship.

Now, she's showing concern for another young man.

This made him inexplicably annoyed.

Immediately, he sneered: "Oh! Don't talk about the 737th floor, it's hard to say whether this kid can get to the 736th floor!"

Jielin was surprised: "No way? He can't get to the 736th floor?"

The young master of Capricorn sneered: "Cousin, didn't you find out? That kid spent 3 seconds more time than the 723rd floor when he was on the 724th floor. Now he spends 1 minute more time in the 725th floor, which shows that he has no stamina. !"

"So that's how it is! Hey!"

Jielin sighed helplessly.

She also felt that her cousin had something to say.

Then, she muttered again: "Cousin, is there really no one in this world who can break into the top golden monument?"

Young Master Capricorn sneered: "There shouldn't be! Even if there is, I'm afraid it will be tens of billions of years later. Even when the universe is destroyed, such a peerless character may not appear!"

Jielin exclaimed: "It turns out that it is so difficult to clear the 999th floor! I'm really curious, what is the golden monument at the top?"

Hearing this, Young Master Capricorn suddenly lowered his voice: "Cousin, I really know some secrets about that golden stele."

Jielin's eyes lit up: "Cousin, what's the secret?"

Young Master Capricorn looked at the golden stele and said in a low voice, "I once heard my father say that there are more than 100 temples of creation in this universe. In each temple, you can see this kind of golden color at the top of the comprehension assessment ladder. God monument."

"Actually, those golden steles are projections! It has only one body. This stele is called the 'God of Creation Stele', and it is a treasure of fortune!"

Jielin exclaimed: "My God! It's actually a creation-level fetish! I heard that fortune-level treasures are basically unique in the universe!"

The young master of Capricorn sighed: "Yeah! Rumor has it that if someone can reach the top of the 999th floor, they will be able to obtain the 'Creation God Stele' and automatically recognize the master!"

"Automatically recognize the master?"

Jialin was shocked again.

The young master of Capricorn nodded: "Yeah! Automatically recognize the master! Fortune-level treasures have their own spirituality and cannot be forcibly recognized as the master. Ordinary fortune-telling treasures can either be cultivated by themselves. Or let the treasures automatically recognize the master."

"And once this 'creation **** monument' automatically recognizes its owner, all the golden **** monuments in the temple of creation will disappear out of thin air. It will become a treasure unique to its owner."

"There are rumors that after getting it, there will be huge benefits. As for the benefits, it is unknown. After all, there is only one treasure in the entire universe. You say, how can such treasures be so easily obtained?"

Hearing this, Jielin nodded slightly, in amazement.

Chapter 762 Rewards again! Crisis is approaching!

At this moment, Jielin's heart was enlightened for a while.

No wonder this comprehension test is so difficult.

After all, fortune-telling treasures, not everyone is eligible to possess them.

Even an existence stronger than a **** king may not necessarily possess a fortune-making treasure.

It seems that this young man - can't reach the 737th floor!

With this thought in mind, Jielin felt a little regretful!

The young master of Capricorn on the side was secretly happy.

He wished that Qin Feng would be eliminated sooner.

Now, Qin Feng is showing signs of being eliminated...

At this time, the 725th floor stairs.

After Qin Feng added the points, his combat power skyrocketed to 4.189 billion stars, a big improvement.

He is very satisfied with this!

Next, he is going to break into the 726th floor.

With this in mind, Qin Feng opened the trading channel and took out the "Book of Life and Death".

As for the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, it is still in the hands of the Moon Spirit clone.

After all, he couldn't use the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword for the time being.