Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"It makes some sense!"

"Haha! Everyone, why don't we hold a novice cabin upgrade contest! Let's see who finishes the upgrade first."

"That's a good idea!"

"It's not me! With my efficiency, I can upgrade the novice cabin in half a day at most."

"Cut! Dude! Just blow it! Can you upgrade a wooden house in half a day? The three materials are not so easy to collect. Normally, it takes about a day!"

"That's right! I also think it will take about a day. Don't look at the material requirements, but if you really need it, you have to find it. For example, wood, not all trees, must reach the 0th-order material level."

"It makes sense! By the way, if we really have a game, I believe that Qin Feng's boss must be the first!"

"Haha! That's of course! With Boss Qin Feng's ability, it takes half a day at most. No! At most three hours, he can upgrade the wooden house."

"Hee hee! Little sister thinks so too!"

Unknowingly, everyone was already fascinated by Qin Feng's confidence.

It seems that Qin Feng is omnipotent.

But their voices just fell, and a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has upgraded the novice wooden house to level 1, obtained the blessing of Heaven, and rewarded it with 50 attributes. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked.

At this moment, in the center of the village, a novice wooden house radiated a dazzling light.

Boom~Long~Long!

With a thunderous roar, the wooden house was in front of everyone, growing taller and bigger.

In a blink of an eye, the wooden house became larger, taller and more delicate than the surrounding wooden houses.

The sturdy and flat wooden walls and neat stone foundations are much more atmospheric than other wooden houses.

That is Qin Feng's novice wooden house!

Seeing this, there was an exclamation in the field. 2.9

"Wow! That should be Qin Feng's boss' wooden house."

"It turns out that the residence of Qin Feng's boss is at that location!"

"Wow! This wooden house looks so atmospheric! It's much stronger than ours!"

"Nonsense! That's a level 1 wooden house, and ours are level 0!"

"Yeah! It looks so enviable!"

At this moment, everyone showed envy.

"Tsk tsk! Boss Qin Feng upgraded the wooden house so quickly!"

"Yeah! It's like a god!"

"I can't imagine how he did it!"

"I'm so ashamed! Boss Qin Feng is so powerful, and he is still working hard. We are eating and drinking here!"

"Hey! I'm embarrassed when you say that."

"No! I have to work hard! I have to learn from the boss Qin Feng. I have to upgrade the wooden house without sleep!"

"That's right! After the cabin is upgraded, we can recover our energy and stamina faster. This can save us a lot of time!"

"Uuuu! You said that, I regret wasting so much time!"

Just when everyone was talking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng has activated the 'Exchange Channel', and the Longyuan Village's contribution point exchange system is officially launched! 】

"Hey! There are new features!"

"Go and see!"

Everyone was surprised and entered the exchange channel one after another.

Chapter 95 Occupational Diversion, Fantastic Frost Stone!

Everyone entered the exchange channel, and Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 5 units of wood to Longyuan Village and obtained 5 contribution points. 】

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 3 units of stone to Longyuan Village and obtained 3 contribution points. 】

"Hey! Boss Qin Feng has donated supplies!"

"What is the contribution point?"

"Look! There are wood and stone materials in the village resource bank."

"That's what Boss Qin Feng just donated!"

"Hey! There's a price on it! To exchange 1 unit of wood, you need 1 contribution point."

"To exchange 1 unit of stone, 1 contribution point is also required."

"Haha! I understand! This exchange system is to let everyone donate various materials to the village to get contribution points. At that time, we will use the contribution points to exchange for the materials we need."

"Wow! This method is great! This way, everyone can share resources."

"Yeah! Then we can divide into three groups of people. One group will collect wood, another group will collect stone, and the other group will collect animal skins. Then, everyone can collect the resources they want through exchange."

"That's right! This way is to get more for more work. Whoever pays more will get more contribution points. Those slackers can't take advantage of it!"

"Haha! That's right! I like this way so much!"

"Everyone, look at the instructions in the lower right corner. It says that all kinds of resources can be donated! Ferocious beast corpses, furs, spirit flowers, spirit grass, etc., can be donated!"

"Can the barbecue and hot tea be donated?"

"I don't know!"

As soon as these words fell, people in the square took action.

[Reminder: Villager Liu Yuan donated 100 catties of high-quality barbecue to Longyuan Village and won 1 contribution point. ]07

There was an uproar in the field!

"Fuck~! Liu Yuan, you are too thief! You even contributed to everyone's barbecue."

Liu Yuan laughed: "Haha! I just did an experiment, but I didn't expect it to be successful. 1 contribution point! It's cool!"

Lei Jue pouted: "I'll go! You've taken advantage of everyone, of course you're happy! I'm not full yet!"

"Uuuu! Little sister, I'm not full! How do you get the barbecue?"

Liu Yuan sneered: "Hey! This can only be taken out with contribution points!"

"Hey! It seems that the contribution points are very important! By the way, there are still a few pounds of barbecue here, so let me contribute!"

"Don't! I'm not full yet!"

"I'm not full! Besides, I can't even exchange a contribution point for such a little barbecue."

Just when the noise in the field continued, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Villager Longshan donated a second-order spirit grass to Longyuan Village and obtained 10 contribution points. 】

[Reminder: Longshan spent 5 contribution points to exchange for 5 units of wood. 】

[Reminder: Longshan spent 3 contribution points to exchange 3 units of stone. 】

As soon as the news came out, everyone was in an uproar.

Liu Yuan was even more anxious: "Ouch! One step too late! Boss Longshan, you are really fast! Don't leave me any materials!"

Longshan laughed proudly: "Haha! Now wood and stone resources are the most scarce! The sooner you upgrade the wooden house, the better, how can I miss it!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! Count your hands fast!"

At this moment, the crowd is also talking.

"It seems that we have to reserve some contribution points, lest there are resources in the warehouse, and we can't redeem them!"

"Yeah! But I'm poor and nothing, what can I use to get contribution points?"

"Let's go! Let's find the body of the beast!"

"Made! I won't rest tonight, go chop wood now!"

"Hey! I have a spirit grass in my hand, which is just time to contribute."

"Hee hee! I have it too!"

[Reminder: Villager Li Yan contributed a first-order spirit grass to Longyuan Village and received 3 contribution points. 】

[Reminder: Villager Zhou Ping contributed a first-order spirit grass to Longyuan Village and obtained 3 contribution points. 】…

For a time, Tiandao information prompts continued.

In just a moment, more than a dozen people donated various spirit grasses and got contribution points.

People are envious.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 27 Tier 1 steel knives to Longyuan Village and obtained 135 contribution points. 】

As soon as the news came out, the audience was in an uproar again.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng contributed so many Tier 1 steel knives!"

"The price is out! 5 contribution points can be exchanged for 1 steel knife!"

"That's great! I've always wanted to exchange Qin Feng's steel knife, but I couldn't get the level 9 beast corpse that the boss wanted. Now, I just need to dig some mines and I can collect 5 contribution points. , I can get the steel knife I want."

"Haha! As I thought, I'll just chop some wood."

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The total contribution points of this village have reached 200 points, and the primary resources of Tiandao are open. 】

As soon as this information came out, in the exchange channel, there was another option [Heavenly Dao Resource].

Everyone was surprised and clicked in one after another, and they entered a new interface.

Dozens of primary living materials are listed above.

Such as cloth, oil, salt, sauce and vinegar, pots and pans, and even cigarettes and liquor.

These can be redeemed with Contribution Points.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

With these living materials, people's living environment will be greatly improved.

Everyone won't be naked, and they won't have to drink blood, so they can live a decent life.

All in all, those things are useful.

And these supplies are cheap.

For example, one contribution point can be exchanged for one cigarette.

In addition to this, there are two special resources.

[Mine hoe: Tier 1 tool, a special tool for quarrying and mining. 】

[Exchange price: 3 contribution points. 】

[Energy Stone (primary): After absorbing it, you can get 100 energy points. 】

[Exchange price: 10 contribution points. 】

After watching the appearance of the power stone, the crowd burst into cheers.

"Power stone! There are even power stones! By absorbing the power stones, you can get 100 energy points. This way, you can level up without killing monsters!"

"Yeah! I don't need to kill monsters in the future, I just mine to collect contribution points, and then exchange for power stones to upgrade!"

"Woo! Excited! I'm so excited! My talent is F-level hearing enhancement, which is not suitable for combat at all. Now that I have a power stone, I can specialize in my life career!"

"Me too! From now on, I will be a quarry!"