Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After taking out the book of life and death, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

This time, after the book of life and death was promoted to the best **** rank, the luck of its blessing was increased from 50 times to 1 times.

In addition, he absorbed the luck of Gabriel and others, and his own luck increased by 35 times.

In this way, he accumulated an 85-fold increase in luck!

The luck has soared, and the time to pass the level will inevitably be shortened!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the 726th floor with anticipation...

In the square, everyone's attention was once again focused on Qin Feng.

"Look! Which adult is going to break into the 726th floor!"

"Yeah! I don't know how long it will take for his layer?"

"It is estimated that this level will cost him more than 46 points! After all, the 726th floor is more difficult!"

The crowd kept muttering.

Many people are not optimistic about Qin Feng's next assessment.

Among the crowd, Dendrobium was even more worried.

Especially Dendrobium, he said with confidence before that Qin Feng could pass the 999th floor.

It's just that he didn't expect that the difficulty of this comprehension test is far beyond his imagination!

Even with Qin Feng's terrifying comprehension, when he reached the 725th floor, the phenomenon of weakness began to appear, which was worrisome.

At this time, Qin Feng had reached the 726th floor and started to pass the level...

Everyone was watching nervously.

Time passed by every second!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

In the crowd, Jielin waited a little anxiously.

"Cousin, how long do you think it will take him to break through this time?"

Jielin couldn't help but ask in a low voice.

The young master of Capricorn looked at Qin Feng's figure from a distance: "According to his performance in the last level, it is estimated that this level will be delayed by two or three minutes, which is about 47 minutes!"

Jielin was surprised: "How long does it take?"

Young Master Capricorn sneered: "Yeah! This kid is already weak!"

Jielin sighed: "Hey! If you do that, it will take him an hour to get to the 733rd floor."

The young master Capricorn pretended to be lofty and said: "That's why I said, he can't even make it to the 736th floor. There are many guys who thought he would be eliminated on the 737th floor! That's a high opinion of this guy!"

When he thought that Qin Feng was about to be eliminated, the young master Capricorn was inexplicably happy.

At least the jealousy in his heart can be suppressed a little.

But it was only when he had this idea that the 726th floor mutated suddenly.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that the forbidden mask around Qin Feng was cracked at this moment!

"Hey! Look! It seems that something has changed!"

In the crowd, someone soon noticed the mutation.

The young master of Capricorn opened his eyes even more.

It's just that it's too far away, and he can't really see it

Kacha~!

But before he could think about it, the forbidden mask around Qin Feng suddenly shattered into starlight and dissipated to the surroundings!

There was a crack before, because the distance is too far, few people can see it clearly 1

But the mask shattered and turned into starlight, everyone saw it!

Boom~!

At the moment, there was an uproar in the square!

Oh my God!

That adult has broken the ban successfully!

But this time, it seems that it takes less than 20 minutes!

How is this going? !

Everyone was dumbfounded!

The young master of Capricorn is even more stunned!

"Cousin! He broke the ban! It doesn't seem like 20 minutes have passed!"

Jielin was so excited that she was incoherent, and the joy between her brows did not hide in the slightest.

At the same moment, on the 726th floor stairs.

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, the reminders of the Tao of Heaven are still echoing...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on comprehending the Dao rhyme of the earth element, your control of the earth element law is deepened, and the combat power is +5.03 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 726th step assessment within 1 hour, congratulations on getting 1 Shenwu point]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 18 minutes and 11 seconds in the 725th step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

18 minutes and 11 seconds!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

He has obtained 85 times the blessing of luck, and the benefits are far beyond his imagination!

In this way, he can survive a lot of hurdles.

Qin Feng looked at the 727th floor with joy.

The next second, he slowly got up and walked to the 727th floor.

He's going to keep going...

There was already a sensation in the square!

"My God! It seems that the adult broke through this time, it only took about 18 minutes!"

"Yeah! How on earth did he do it?"

"I don't know! It took him more than 40 minutes to go to the first floor, but this level only took a little more than 18 minutes. I really don't know how he did it?"

"It's amazing!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

In the crowd, several people from Dendrobium were even more excited.

On the other hand, Jielin was also full of joy.

She did not find that the young master of Capricorn on the side was very gloomy.

"Cousin, that man is so powerful! He was about to be eliminated just now. How did he become so powerful all of a sudden? How did he do it?"

Jielin asked excitedly, with admiration in her tone.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The young master of Capricorn was also very puzzled, how Qin Feng did it.

However, Jielin's excited look made him jealous, and the look in Qin Feng's eyes became more and more unhappy.

Immediately, he sneered: "That kid is just lucky! Just wait and see! His luck won't last long!"

"Luck? What about his next level?"

Jielin felt uneasy.

She trusts her cousin very much, and is really worried that Qin Feng is just a temporary luck.

The young master of Capricorn said in a self-righteous manner: "If it wasn't for luck? Why did his grades change suddenly? Just wait and see the next level!"

As soon as the words fell, he had a gloomy face, and said no more.

At the same moment, Qin Feng continued to pass the level...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to pass the 727th floor, which took 18 minutes and 13 seconds, only 2 seconds more than the previous level!

Boom~!

In the square, everyone was once again a sensation!

It seems that this adult took 18 minutes to break into the 726th floor. It was not luck!

Otherwise, he could not have done this level in just over 18 minutes.

To put it bluntly, this adult's comprehension has greatly increased!

Many people got excited.

Young Master Capricorn's face was a little ugly.

Qin Feng successfully passed the level again, which is equivalent to giving him an invisible slap in the face.

In this way, Qin Feng continues to break through...

That way through the barrier, very smooth!

It didn't take long for him to pass 736 levels in 18 minutes and 33 seconds!

This way, his combat power is also constantly increasing.

The understanding of the law is also getting deeper and deeper, and the comprehensive strength is improving subtly.

In other words, every time he passed a level, he had a huge gain!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng broke into the 737th floor.

That's the start of a new cycle, doubling the difficulty again!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to pass the level successfully under everyone's attention, which took 39 minutes and 21 seconds!

The young master Capricorn was slapped in the face again, and his expression became even more ugly.

In this way, Qin Feng continued to go down the barrier.

Before he knew it, he broke into the 742nd floor.

This time, it took him 41 minutes and 06 seconds to clear the 742nd floor.

At this moment, Qin Feng has just finished passing the level, and is about to get up and continue to pass the next level.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Your points have reached 2701 points, you can receive the 27th additional reward]

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving the 27th extra reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the divine soul power reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have won 17 times the luck reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained 3 good luck treasure chests]

The 27th reward is here!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Now, he has realized that this extra reward is too important to him!

Every time he gets an extra reward, his soul power and luck will greatly increase, which will be of great benefit to his next assessment.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, a light golden beam of light fell from the sky and fell on Qin Feng...

Rewards officially started!