Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ten minutes later, Qin Feng absorbed all the rewards!

His soul power skyrocketed again, and his combat power and luck also increased a lot.

The three treasure chests of good fortune were also opened by him to three groups of the remnants of Hades, all of which were absorbed by the pages of the future book, and their progress reached 30,000/100,000.

At this moment, Qin Feng is checking the latest data...

[Combat Strength]: 4.275 billion

[Air Luck]: 636 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 66.12%

After reading these data, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied.

In particular, his soul power and air luck have soared, and he has more confidence in the next assessment.

Afterwards, Qin Feng continued to break through the 743rd floor...

Everything is as he expected!

This time, it took him only 13 minutes and 57 seconds to pass the level!

This is great progress!

It can be seen that the benefits of additional rewards to Qin Feng.

At the moment, Qin Feng continues all the way through the barrier...

At 752 floors, the difficulty is doubled!

Qin Feng spent more than 28 minutes.

At level 767, the difficulty doubles again.

Qin Feng spent more than 57 minutes.

In a blink of an eye, he had completed the 781st floor, which took 59 minutes and 49 seconds, and was one line away from being eliminated.

In the crowd, the young master of Capricorn has begun to look around.

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing on the 781st floor, very tangled in his heart!

Going further down is the beginning of a new cycle, and the difficulty will be doubled!

With his current performance, if he goes to the next level, he will be eliminated 100%!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is worried!

He was thinking, is there any new way for him?

Qin Feng didn't know that the crisis in Longyuan City was imminent!

That Lucy God and his party of six have been teleported to the Azure Dragon Star Region!

With Qin Feng's current combat power of 4.47 billion stars, he is not yet the opponent of Lucius! scholar.

Chapter seven hundred and sixty-three emerge wisdom! Thrilling breakthrough!

Qin Feng didn't know that the crisis in Longyuan City was imminent!

That Lucy God and his party of six have been teleported to the Azure Dragon Star Region!

With Qin Feng's current combat power of 4.47 billion stars, he is not yet the opponent of Lucius!

What's more terrible is that he can't walk out of the temple of creation without completing the False God assessment.

At that time, only his three avatars will face the Lucifer six.

And with the strength of his clone, it is even less likely that he will be the opponent of God Lucy.

Of course, the six Lucy Gods were teleported from the Dark Demon Domain to a barren planet at the edge of the Azure Dragon Star Region through the teleportation node.

From that barren planet to the Blue Star Realm, it will take seven or eight hours

There is still some buffer time for the crisis in Longyuan City.

For these, Qin Feng did not know.

At this moment, he was standing on the 781st floor with a sad face, wondering what to do next?

"I'll be eliminated if I go through the level directly like this!"

Qin Feng looked up at the golden stele at the top, very unwilling.

Is there no other way?

correct!

It would be great if he could get another bonus reward!

such a pity!

His current points are 2779 points!

Taking 2 points for each floor, he has to pass through 792 floors to get the reward!

At present, he has only completed 781 floors, and he is still 11 floors away from getting the reward!

Qin Feng was extremely anxious!

At the same moment, in the square, everyone felt sorry.

In the crowd, Dendrobium and several people showed the color of loss.

In their opinion, Qin Feng's next level is destined to be eliminated.

On the other hand, Jielin was also disappointed.

The young master of Capricorn on the side showed joy.

This kid is finally going to be eliminated!

"Cousin, is this young man really unable to break through the 782nd floor?"

Jielin bit her lip, seemingly unwilling.

Young Master Capricorn smiled and said: "Is this still a guess? It took him about 59 minutes and 49 seconds to get to the 781st floor, and he was one line away from being eliminated. And the 782nd floor is the beginning of a new cycle! The difficulty will be doubled! He How can you get past it?"

Jielin sighed: "Hey! Originally, I wanted to see him break into the 8th floor, but now it seems impossible! What a pity!"

The young master Capricorn sneered: "Haha! Above the 8th floor, not everyone is qualified to break in. This person's understanding is very strong, but he has not reached the 8th floor or above."

Jielin muttered again: "Cousin, then you say, will he have any new methods?"

The young master of Capricorn shook his head slightly: "It's probably gone! You didn't see him, all kinds of trump cards have come out, it's the sacred lotus of the mind, and it's a strange divine book projection. If he had any new methods, he would have taken it out long ago. Why stand on the 781st floor with a bitter face?"

Speaking of the end, Capricorn's young master's tone is full of schadenfreude.

Seeing Qin Feng's worried look, he felt inexplicably relieved.

Jielin was also persuaded by him and remained silent.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng finally made a move and started walking towards the 782nd floor...

There was a commotion in the square.

"That lord is about to break into the 782nd floor!"

"It is estimated that this is his last level!"

The crowd mourned.

The Capricorn Master laughed.

Next, he will watch, how did Qin Feng get eliminated?

He didn't realize that when Qin Feng walked to the 782nd floor, there was a hint of joy hidden in the depths of his eyes!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

It turned out that Qin Feng had thought of a way to clear the 782nd floor.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to reach the 78th floor under everyone's attention.

He glanced around the empty stairs and took a deep breath.

The next second, he hurriedly sat cross-legged.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

As soon as he thought about it, he would sacrifice the sacred lotus, the book of the present, the book of life and death, and the pages of the book of the future!

Immediately afterwards, various soul powers and luck were blessed one after another.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's soul power and luck reached the peak level!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 782nd floor, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for the contestant]

【Countdown: 3…】

The examination is about to begin!

When Qin Feng thought about it, a white light lit up on his body.

In the next second, he was divided into two and became two Qin Fengs.

It's just a white hair and a black hair, there is no change in the breath of the whole body, and there is no weakening!

This is Qin Feng's extremely positive body and extremely negative body!

At this moment, he displayed the body of two ceremonies!

This strange scene immediately caused a sensation in the square.

The Capricorn Young Master also looked stunned.

"Hey! Cousin, do you see that person used a clone? Could it be useful for comprehension?"

Jielin was puzzled.

Young Master Capricorn smiled coldly: "I haven't heard of it! Usually, the soul power of clones is extremely weak. His body can't pass this level, what's the use of relying on clones?"

"Besides, after he is divided into two parts, his soul power will be weakened, his understanding will become worse, and it will be even more unfavorable for breaking through! This kid is really stupid for doing this!"

The Capricorn Young Master analyzed it self-righteously.

He didn't know that Qin Feng's two-dimensional body would not weaken his soul power at all.

The common avatar technique is similar to the fission avatar technique. It splits from the main body, which will weaken the soul power and combat power, which is extremely unfavorable for breaking through.

But Qin Feng's body of two ceremonies has no drawbacks in this regard.

Its two main bodies not only have the same soul power, but also have the same blessing of luck.

In this way, it means that the two Qin Fengs are comprehending Dao Yun at the same time.

And there is a spiritual connection between the two, which can confirm each other, and can speed up the speed of perception.

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook!

A huge white beam of light descended from the sky, covering both the polar yang body and the polar yin body at the same time...

Obviously, Tiandao found that these two bodies were one person!

In just an instant, the two main bodies were banned from being added...

Immediately afterwards, the power of the monstrous Taoist rhyme poured into the sea of ​​​​knowledge of the two major books.

The two main bodies also quickly closed their eyes.

In the next second, a happy smile appeared on the faces of the two main bodies!

Everything is as Qin Feng expected, and the two bodies can divide labor and perception.

Each ontology only comprehends half of it!

In this way, his speed of perception has doubled.

This suddenly made Qin Feng see the expectation of breaking the level!

At the moment, the two main bodies are joyfully immersed in perception.