Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In the square, everyone was still watching silently.

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's perception time was only one minute short of one hour.

If you don't realize success within 1 hour, you will be eliminated on the spot!

In the square, people showed disappointment!

Why!

It seems that this adult is about to fail!

They haven't seen a miracle after all!

On the other side, Jielin also sighed.

"Hey! This person can't get past the 782nd floor after all!"

Young Master Capricorn smiled proudly: "The difficulty of the 782 floors has doubled. At this kid's original level, it will take about 2 hours to clear the level.

"He just came up with the method of avatar. Even if you give him 3 hours, he may not be able to clear the level! So, if he doesn't clear the level within an hour, that's normal!"

As soon as these words fell, some of his subordinates joined in.

"Young master's analysis is right! This person is already eliminated! The subordinates calculated the time silently. After about 40 seconds, it will be 1 hour."

Jielin was helpless: "There are only 40 seconds left! That's hopeless!"

The young master Capricorn smiled and said, "It's just 40 seconds. As far as our conversation is concerned, 40 seconds will be gone! Look! That kid's trouble will be eliminated!"

As soon as the voice fell, he looked at the two avatars expectantly!

At this moment, on the 782th floor, the mutation regenerated!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the masks on Qin Feng's two main bodies began to crack at the same time!

"Huh! That's..."

The Capricorn Young Master noticed the difference at the first time.

Kacha~!

But before he could think about it, the masks on the two main bodies suddenly shattered, and then turned into starlight that slowly disappeared!

Boom~!

This scene shocked the audience!

Everyone exclaimed!

The young master of Capricorn is even more open-mouthed!

He didn't expect that Qin Feng had cleared the customs!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the spatial Dao rhyme of this layer, your control over the laws of space is deepened, and your combat power is +5.03 million stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 782nd step assessment within 1 hour, congratulations on getting 1 Shenwu point]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 59 minutes and 23 seconds in the 782nd step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

As the prompt sounded, the polar yang body and the polar negative body opened their eyes at the same time.

Then, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared.

At this moment, his face is full of smiles!

The pass was successful!

It took 59 minutes and 23 seconds!

In this way, he has the hope of breaking into the 792nd floor.

After all, layers 792 and 782 belong to the same cycle, and the difficulty is not much different.

As long as he passes through the 792nd floor, there is hope that he will get the 28th reward, and he can continue to pass the level again.

At least, he broke into the 8th floor is not a problem!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng got up with a smile and walked to the 793rd floor...

Everyone looked at his back and was amazed at 4.3!

This is really amazing for adults!

He actually did a miracle!

Passed level 782!

In the crowd, the young master of Capricorn is even more confused!

It was at this moment that Jielin's voice sounded beside him.

"Cousin, didn't you say that after the clone, the effect is worse? How did that person clear the customs?"

After being asked this question, Young Master Capricorn was relieved.

It's just that he looked a little embarrassed.

An hour ago, he was still mocking Qin Feng for his stupid behavior!

Unexpectedly, after an hour, he was slapped in the face!

"This... this..."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Young Master Capricorn hesitated, unable to answer at all.

He really couldn't figure out how Qin Feng got through!

It stands to reason that after the clone, won't the soul power be weakened?

Why is that kid different from others? !

Jielin looked at Young Master Capricorn's stammering appearance, and there was a moment of enlightenment in her heart.

It turns out that cousin is not omniscient!

In the past, she felt that her cousin was not only savvy, but also omniscient.

Now it seems that she was the one who looked up to her cousin before!

For some reason, the more she compares Qin Feng with her cousin, the more she finds that his cousin is very ordinary!

Unconsciously, Jielin's perception of the young master of Capricorn has quietly changed.

Then, she silently retracted her gaze and continued to pay attention to Qin Feng.

Chapter 764 Chaos Space! Cosmic Seeds!

At this time, Qin Feng has reached the end of the 782nd floor and is preparing to enter the 783rd floor...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, in his sea of ​​knowledge, there was another reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Reminder: Your divine dimension has successfully absorbed the three groups of good fortune (primary), and is in the advanced high-grade god-level peak level...]

【Advanced success! Your 'divine space' can feed back the power of 100 million stars to the owner]

Huh~!

Advanced is successful!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, quite surprised!

The 100 million star combat power feeds back!

It's amazing!

This is more powerful than the treasures of the best gods!

This is enough to show that the god-level space is extraordinary!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It is detected that your 'divine space' has reached the peak level of high-quality god-level, which can be integrated with your world tree (top-level god-level peak) and promoted to 'chaos space'...]

[Reminder: 'Chaos Space' is the space seed for the 'Master of the Universe' to create a personal small universe. 】

[Reminder: The successful condensing of 'Chaos Space' can bring a lot of combat power back to its owner, as well as various Dao rhyme insights! 】

Huh~!

Qin Feng was surprised!

This chaotic space is actually the space seed for the creation of a personal universe!

That will play an extremely important role in him becoming the master of the universe in the future!

In addition, it also has a function that makes Qin Feng more concerned.

According to Tiandao's tips, after condensing the 'chaotic space', it can not only bring a lot of combat power back to the master, but also bring various Dao rhyme insights.

That is to say, the 'chaotic space' can enhance the master's various Dao rhyme perceptions.

strangeness! Why is there such an improvement?

Qin Feng was a little confused.

19 However, that does not matter.

The important thing is, since the 'chaos space' can improve his perception of various Dao rhymes, will it help him in the next assessment?

It's like, he has gained some kind of Dao rhyme perception from the 'chaotic space'.

When I went to participate in the comprehension assessment again, I encountered a similar Dao rhyme.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and the more he thought about it, the more helpful he felt.

At the moment, he opened the trading channel and took out a white light group from it.

That is the appearance of the 'divine dimension'!

Before, Qin Feng put the 'zero-dimensional space' in the mirage's body and upgraded it to a god-dimensional space.

Now, he knows that upgrading the "divine space" to "chaotic space" will be of great help to his next assessment, and naturally the phantom avatar is transferred.

At this moment, the 'divine dimension' is suspended in front of him.

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, his consciousness penetrated into the space, and he saw a huge change in the space.

I saw that the original "zero-degree space" with a radius of hundreds of miles was promoted to "divine-level space", and it became a radius of tens of thousands of miles.

In addition, the power of the six laws of earth, fire, water, wind, time, and space in the space has obviously been strengthened dozens of times!

All space treasures have their own power of time and space.

The end of the space upgrade is to become a world.

The sky is time, the earth is empty.

Space treasures naturally bring the power of time and space.

As for the divine dimension, the power of earth, fire, water, and wind becomes stronger, which naturally comes from the four source crystals of earth, fire, water, and wind.

In short, Qin Feng was extremely satisfied with the huge changes in the divine space.

Now that the 'divine space' has been taken out, it is time to condense the 'chaotic space'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sat cross-legged directly.

The next second, his eyes were slightly closed, and his thoughts were instantly immersed in his sea of ​​consciousness.

In his sea of ​​consciousness, there is a divine tree, reaching a height of hundreds of millions of feet, with divine light blooming through the sky, and it is extremely majestic!

Looking closely at the tree body, there are nine branches, each of which has only one leaf. There are nine leaves in total, which are thousands of feet long and green.

And on each leaf surface, there are illusions of the world, mountains, rivers, waters, flowers, fish, birds and beasts, all of which are displayed.