Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Nine leaves, holding the world of nine directions, are extremely extraordinary!

This is the tree of the world!

It has become Qin Feng's natal tree, which is integrated with Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge.

At this moment, Qin Feng thought about it.

Om~!

After a while, the 'divine dimension' light group suspended above his head immediately bloomed.

Then, it turned into a golden light, poured into Qin Feng's eyebrows, and disappeared.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the 'divine space' light group appeared in Qin Fengshi's sea of ​​​​knowledge and turned into a size of hundreds of millions of feet.

Immediately afterwards, it wrapped the World Tree and began to actively integrate...

An earth-shattering roar sounded immediately in the sea of ​​​​knowledge!

Qin Feng's thoughts clearly sensed that while the divine dimension was fused with the tree of the world, it was also fused with his sea of ​​consciousness.

At this moment, the tree of the world appeared in the center of the divine space, standing upright, like a pillar of heaven and earth!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Its nine divine leaves are also all lit up with heavenly auras of different colors!

Some of the **** leaves lit up with silver light, some lit up with green light, and some lit up with blue light... a total of nine colors!

It exudes nine kinds of law fluctuations, such as strength, soul, escape, blood, wood, gold, lightning, light, and darkness, which are extremely powerful!

It turns out that the nine divine leaves of the World Tree actually contain the power of these nine laws.

This complements the power of the four laws of time, space, earth, fire, water, and wind contained in the divine dimension!

The fusion of the two fetishes, it is exactly the power of fifteen laws, and everything is complete.

It turns out that chaotic space is a kind of perfect space!

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

He has vaguely realized why condensing the 'chaotic space' can greatly improve his understanding of various Dao rhymes.

After this figured out, Qin Feng was immediately excited.

At the moment, he concentrated his thoughts and tried his best to fuse the two divine objects...

In the square, everyone was a little stunned when they saw this scene.

They couldn't understand why Qin Feng suddenly meditated and stopped going through the barrier.

After Qin Feng clears the 782nd floor, according to the rules, he can stay on the 782nd floor for three hours, instead of going to the 783rd floor immediately.

It's just this strange behavior that everyone is a little puzzled.

However, those spectators did not dare to speculate, and looked at Qin Feng with respect.

"Strange! Why did this lord suddenly retreat and meditate? Did he have any insight?"

In the crowd, Jielin also muttered in a low voice.

But as soon as her voice fell, the voice of the young master of Capricorn sounded from the side.

"Haha! Comprehension? It's time to comprehend, then you have to go to the next level to comprehend Dao Yun! He's just pretending to be a ghost!"

The young master of Capricorn has a sour tone.

Jielin also noticed that her cousin seemed to be jealous of Qin Feng.

Immediately, she whispered: "Not necessarily! This young man is very powerful. Every time he feels that he is dying, he will create a miracle. Maybe, he will create a miracle this time!"

Hearing this, Young Master Capricorn glanced at Jielin in surprise.

You know, no matter what he said in the past, his cousin would go along with him and never doubt it!

How is it different today?

This girl actually began to doubt his words today and spoke for that kid!

This made him extremely angry!

Immediately, he sneered and said, "Little girl, it's because of you that you have less knowledge! Is he pretending to be a ghost, or has some insight, just wait and see!"

Jielin opened her mouth, but hesitated.

She also didn't want to argue with her cousin, but she couldn't agree with what he said.

Seeing Jielin's unconvinced face, the young master of Capricorn was even more annoyed.

The little girl who had always regarded herself as her idol started to change her mind!

Really **** him off!

It's all because of the guy on stage!

Thinking of this, the young master of Capricorn looked at Qin Feng with anger...

At this moment, Qin Feng is still retreating and integrating the fetish.

Naturally, he didn't know about the dispute between the two cousins, nor was he interested in knowing about it...

In this way, Qin Feng retreated on the stairs.

Everyone is watching him silently...

At the same time, in a remote corner of the Temple of Fortune, something was happening.

I saw that in that corner, the Mirage clone was looking at the six people in front of him with a look of relief.

Those six people are Di Jiang and others!

Now, these six people have all been promoted to the demigod realm, and their strength has soared.

Especially Di Jiang and Jumang, their combat power broke 70,000 stars, and the chance of winning a super-god-level evaluation was raised to 50%.

Even better, after the six people were promoted to the demigod realm, their qualifications were also increased by 20%, and the upper limit of refining resources was also increased.

The phantom avatar once again distributed the 897-rank god-level peak-level resources such as 'Source of Soul Power' and 'Source of Divine Power' to the six people, allowing them to continue to improve their strength.

Anyway, Qin Feng still has a lot of these resources, and they are not lacking at all.

When these six people refine those resources, their strength can be greatly increased, which will also be of great benefit to the next False God realm assessment.

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar is full of expectations for the six people, and silently protects the law for the six people

At the same time, he is also concerned about the spatial integration of the ontology, and looks in the direction of Qin Feng's assessment from time to time.

Just like that, time passed little by little!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

In the comprehension assessment area, Qin Feng's fusion was finally coming to an end.

At this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts are still immersed in the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

In his sea of ​​consciousness, he could not see the tree of the world, nor the light group in the divine dimension, but only saw a gray air group, shaped like an egg, quietly suspended in the sea of ​​consciousness.

That is the fusion of Divine Dimension and World Tree!

Qin Feng then infiltrated his thoughts into the air mass, and saw that in the center of the air mass was a large space with a radius of tens of thousands of miles.

In the center of the space, the tree of the world stands in the sky!

Its nine divine leaves are joined together to form an incomparably huge canopy, like a canopy, covering the entire sky.

Its huge tree roots have branched out countless roots and penetrated into the ground, covering the entire land.

And its huge trunk turned into a huge mountain hundreds of millions of feet high, standing between heaven and earth.

At first glance, Qin Feng saw that the tree trunk was like the legendary 'Buzhou Mountain', opening up the world!

What's even more amazing is that this world tree is alive!

It will keep growing!

Every time it grows a foot taller, it stretches the world by a foot!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Every time it grows ten feet tall, it stretches the heavens and the earth open by ten feet!

The bigger the world tree grows, the bigger the world becomes.

Looking at the boundary of this world, it is all wrapped in a gray air mass.

Those are Chaos Qi, filled with endless Chaos Power.

They envelop the world, making it look like an egg.

This scene reminds Qin Feng of the myth of Long Bi - Pangu Kaitian.

At the beginning of Pangu, it was born in a chaotic world like an egg.

Could it be…

Qin Feng began to associate endlessly! .

Chapter 765 Insight into the avenue! The last eight!

The more Qin Feng looked, the more he felt that the world in front of him was very similar to the world that gave birth to Pangu.

Having said that, is this world going to be complete?

In this world, there are fifteen kinds of Dao rhyme laws, such as the two ceremonies, the four poles, the four images, and the five elements, and they already have a complete system of laws.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Your Divine Space (top-grade god-level peak) successfully merged with the World Tree (top-grade god-level peak), and it was promoted to Chaos Space (primary)]

[You have gained a lot of comprehension of "Time Dao Rhyme", and you will be permanently rewarded by the 20,000-star power of heaven and earth]

[You have gained a lot of insight into the 'space Dao rhyme', and you will be permanently rewarded by the power of the 20,000-star heaven and earth]

[You have gained a lot of insight into the 'wind-based Dao rhyme', and you will be permanently rewarded by the power of 20,000-star heaven and earth]

[You have gained a lot of insight into the "Thunder Element Dao Yun", and you will be permanently rewarded by the power of the 20,000-star heaven and earth]

[You have gained a lot of insight into the 'Golden Dao Yun'

...

At this moment, waves of astonishing rhyme power radiated from the chaotic space and merged into Qin Feng's body...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum was like a volcanic eruption, skyrocketing like a blowout, extremely terrifying!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It lasted a full quarter of an hour!

All those visions are gradually disappearing!

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes.

In his eyes, the sun and the moon are falling, the stars are disillusioned, and the depth is incomparable!

At this time, his temperament has undergone tremendous changes, like an endless starry sky, unfathomable!

Fusion was successful!

He obtained the primary chaos space!

That was the seed from which he created his personal universe!

At the same time, he also received 300 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back, and it is a permanent feed back, just like the **** of punishment!

This made his combat power skyrocket to 4.775 billion stars in one fell swoop, which was not far from the threshold of the quasi-god king's combat power.

The threshold of the quasi-god king's combat power is 5 billion stars!

Of course, Qin Feng has improved not only his combat power, but also his understanding of all kinds of Taoism!

Qin Feng slowly raised his head and looked around.

His eyes were deep and wise.

The world has changed in his eyes.