Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At a glance, what he saw was a series of laws and avenues.

In Qin Feng's eyes, the world is no longer the world, but the fusion of countless laws and avenues.

He actually penetrated the essence of the universe at a glance!

That was the ability he acquired only after he had a deep understanding of the fifteen kinds of Dao rhyme, including the two ceremonies, the four poles, the four images, and the five elements!

All of this is the benefit of 'chaotic space'.

Having the ability to understand the essence of the universe is the cornerstone of his creation of his personal universe!

He wants to create his own universe within this universe.

And that 'chaotic space' is his cosmic seed.

If it was revealed, it would be smaller than dust.

Nothing big, nothing inside!

Nothing more than that!

Qin Feng was enlightened for a while!

Then, he looked up to the 783rd floor and smiled.

He's going to keep going!

Now, his perception of various Dao rhymes has reached the level of preliminary insight into the nature of the universe.

The next level should become extremely easy!

Qin Feng's level of insight into the nature of the universe is closely related to the chaotic space in his knowledge of the sea.

His chaotic space is still at the primary level, so his insight into the nature of the universe is also at the primary level.

If his chaotic space is promoted to an intermediate level, his insight into the nature of the universe will continue to deepen.

In the same way, Qin Feng's understanding of the nature of the universe has deepened, and he can also make his own chaotic space stronger.

The two complement each other!

Next, he wants to verify that after he has a preliminary insight into the nature of the universe, what level of understanding of Dao Yun has he reached?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the 783rd floor...

When he moved, there was a commotion in the square.

"Look! That lord is moving.'!"

"Finally I can see him continue to break through!"

At this moment, everyone was excited, and one by one, they focused their attention on Qin Feng again.

On the other side, Jielin looked at Qin Feng's back in surprise.

"It's so strange! How do I feel that this person seems to be different from before? Did he have an epiphany?"

Jialin muttered to herself.

"Huh! Epiphany? I think it's just a posturing!"

The young master of Capricorn spoke sour words again.

At this moment, Qin Feng went up to the 783rd floor!

Everyone held their breath and watched him nervously.

I saw that Qin Feng did not sit cross-legged immediately, nor did he summon the Holy Lotus of Mind, Book of Life, Book of Life and Death, etc., just stood there and looked up at the air.

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned!

Om~!

Before they could think about it, a beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's body!

The examination has officially started!

Qin Feng also slowly closed his eyes!

Seeing this, everyone suddenly muttered.

"Hey! What's going on? Why doesn't this lord use his hole cards?"

"Yeah! Not only did he use those trump cards, he didn't even use the previous avatar secret technique!"

"This...this...what the **** happened?"

People don't understand!

Dendrobium and several people are even more worried!

They were worried that Qin Feng would not be able to break through the 783rd floor without his trump cards and secret techniques!

After all, Qin Feng had used all the secrets of the trump card on the first floor, and it took 59 minutes and 23 seconds to break through the level barely.

If you don't use trump cards and secret techniques, you will definitely fail!

They really don't understand that at this critical moment, Qin Feng didn't use secret techniques and trump cards!

Isn't this self-inflicted elimination?

On the other side, Young Master Capricorn was stunned for a moment.

Immediately, he was delighted.

This kid is really arrogant, and he doesn't need trump cards and secret techniques!

How stupid!

Thinking of this, the young master Capricorn looked like he was watching a good show, waiting for Qin Feng to make a fool of himself.

In a blink of an eye, 30 seconds passed!

Qin Feng has not used any hole cards yet.

People are starting to get restless!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The forbidden mask around Qin Feng began to crack!

Kacha~!

Before everyone could think about it, the mask suddenly shattered!

It's broken!

Qin Feng actually broke through!

Oh my God!

Only thirty seconds before and after!

The audience was shocked!

Everyone was stunned!

The young master Capricorn was even more stunned on the spot, and the whole person was completely dumbfounded!

At this moment, everyone forgot to breathe, and the audience was dead silent!

It was at this time, on the 783th floor stairs.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes.

It's definitely not the same as before!

This time, it only took him 32 seconds to pass the level successfully!

In the process, he only used his own luck and did not use any other hole cards.

That's it, 4 points are in hand!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and continued to pass the level!

Immediately, he walked to the 784th floor...

Until this time, everyone came to their senses, and they were all sighing!

The eyes they looked at Qin Feng became more and more awe-inspiring!

In this way, Qin Feng continues to break through...

It didn't take long for him to break through the 784th, 785th, and 786th floors.

It took more than thirty seconds for them all, and they all scored 4 points!

After he passed the 787th floor, his points reached 2801 points, and he got the 28th reward!

I got another 'Spirit Soul Power' reward, as well as an 18-fold increase in luck!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng passed 788 levels again, and the time to pass the level was shortened to 21 seconds, which made him very happy...

In this way, Qin Feng went all the way...

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In a blink of an eye, six hours have passed!

Qin Feng has reached level 991!

Breaking down this way, he gained a lot of money!

At this moment, Qin Feng is excitedly checking the assessment token...

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

[Pass the level]: Step 991

[Cumulative score]: 3417 points

【Number of Rewards】: 34 times

The points reached 3417 points!

Far beyond expectations!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Afterwards, he opened the personal panel to check the changes in his combat power...

[Combat Strength]: 5.825 billion

[Air Luck]: 783 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 91.62%

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled again!

His current combat power has entered the level of a quasi-god king.

Quasi-God King's combat power range is 5 billion to 100 million stars.

Such progress is so great!

All in all, he was extremely satisfied with the harvest this time.

Now, only the last eight floors are left!

As long as he crosses the last eight floors, he will be able to reach the mysterious golden stele.

However, starting from the 992nd floor is the beginning of a new cycle!

The difficulty is doubled!

And when he cleared the 991st floor, all his cards were out, and he even used the body of the two instruments.

In the end, it took him 27 minutes and 43 seconds to clear the level successfully!

In this way, the difficulty of the last eight levels has doubled, and whether he can pass them is still unknown.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is somewhat uneasy!

He didn't want to fail at the last moment!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the panel and walked to the 992nd floor...