Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

He didn't know that Lucius and his party had arrived near the Blue Star Realm.

At this time, Lucifer is searching for the location of Longyuan City...

According to Qin Feng, it takes nearly an hour to break through each level, and it takes nearly 8 hours to break through the eight levels.

According to the assessment rules, Qin Feng could not leave the Temple of Fortune without completing the False God realm assessment.

Next, those can only be dealt with by his clone.

And with the strength of his three avatars, I'm afraid it can't be resisted.

After all, the strength of the clone is only about 80% of the main body.

In other words, the combat power of the three avatars of Yueling is about 4.7 billion stars.

And Lucifer's combat power exceeded 6 billion stars a long time ago, and now it's probably even higher.

The three avatars join forces, I am afraid they are not the opponents of Lucius!

What's more, Lucifer also has five helpers from the peak of the main god!

The situation in Longyuan City is critical!

For these, Qin Feng does not know for the time being!

At this moment, he is walking towards the 992nd floor...

In the square, everyone was watching excitedly.

"." The last eight levels! That's also the last cycle! You said, can this adult clear the 999th floor?"

"It's hard to say! This adult took nearly 28 minutes to level 991! The difficulty of level 992 has doubled, and it will be nearly an hour. As long as he relaxes a little, he may be eliminated!"

"Yeah! It seems that the last eight levels are the most critical!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone felt a little nervous.

At this moment, Qin Feng stepped onto the 992nd floor!

Everyone suddenly held their breath and watched nervously... Yi.

Chapter 766 Rules Change! Eight SSS-level laws!

As soon as he stepped on the 992nd floor, Qin Feng sat cross-legged.

Then, he summoned the Holy Lotus of Mind and activated his own power of luck!

The intensity of his soul power suddenly soared!

It's not over yet!

Om~!

The phantom of the present book emerges!

The luck blessing is doubled!

Om~!

The shadow of the book of life and death emerges!

The luck is doubled again!

Om~!

The phantom of the pages of the book in the future emerges!

The luck has doubled again!

It turned out that the pages of the book in the future also reached the level of the best gods, and their blessings on luck would naturally be increased to a hundred times.

After this pass, Qin Feng won 34 rewards and a lot of good luck treasure chests.

He opened a lot of groups of 'Pluto Remnants', which also made the future book pages smoothly advance.

So far, his "Book of Life and Death" and the pages of the future book have reached the upper limit of promotion.

Of course, Qin Feng has harvested a lot of 'Pluto Remnants'.

He absorbed the excess residual spirits into the Book of the Present World.

Today, the progress of "Book of the Present World" has reached 130,000/10,000.

In fact, Qin Feng has always had doubts in his heart.

Why does every time he open the 'good fortune treasure chest', what he gets is the remnant of the Pluto?

Later, he wanted to understand.

He is the master of intermediate destiny, and his luck has reached its peak!

Open the 'good fortune treasure chest', 100% of the best treasures can be opened.

And the best treasure that the Fortune-level treasure chest can open is the 'Pluto Remnant Spirit'.

Having figured this out, Qin Feng is also very fortunate!

Without the help of those 'Pluto Remnants', it would be difficult for him to set foot on the 992nd floor.

After a while, Qin Feng made all the preparations!

Under the blessing of the power of luck, his soul power has reached the peak level, which is completely comparable to that of the real king of gods.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the entire sky above the assessment area shook.

The voice of heaven is also resounding in the sky

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! Successfully entered the final eight-level assessment! 】

[The last eight 903-level perception assessment, the rules have been changed as follows]

[From the 992nd floor, the players will begin to assess their perception of the eight SSS-level laws and rhythms, and the difficulty will be greatly increased]

[Reminder: If you have mastered the corresponding SSS-level law, it will be easier to perceive the corresponding Dao rhyme. If you do not control the corresponding SSS-level rules, the difficulty of perception will be dozens of times more difficult]

[Reminder: In the last eight floors, each time you pass one floor, you will get a special reward]

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience was in an uproar!

Oh my God!

The last eight floors are actually a test of SSS-level law Dao Yun!

This is too difficult!

You must know that even if there is a main god-level existence, it is difficult to master an SSS-level law!

And Qin Feng is in the demigod realm!

This time, the whole audience was dumbfounded!

"Oh my god! The last eight-level assessment is too exaggerated! It turned out to be a test of SSS-level law and rhyme!"

"I don't know how many times the difficulty of the 992nd floor will be doubled?!"

"Yes! Lord Qin Feng's situation is not good!"𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

At this moment, there is a lot of discussion in the field!

After Tiandao's prompt just now, everyone knew Qin Feng's name.

"Master Qin Feng won't be on the 992nd floor, and he will be eliminated? After all, he is on the 991st floor, and it took nearly 28 minutes. This 992nd floor is much more difficult than the 991st floor!"

"That's not necessarily! If Lord Qin Feng masters the corresponding SSS-level rules, maybe he can pass the test!"

"That's right! Heavenly Dao reminds me that mastering the corresponding SSS-level rules will make it easier to perceive the corresponding Dao rhyme. If you don't master it, the difficulty will increase dozens of times!"

"But in the last eight floors, there are eight SSS-level laws to be tested! Master Qin Feng is a demigod, how many can he master?"

"Yeah! In the realm of Lord Qin Feng, he can master one SSS level, which is extremely powerful! As for the assessment of eight SSS level rules, that's it!"

At this moment, many people sighed!

Everyone began to worry about Qin Feng.

In their opinion, if a demigod can master one SSS-level law, it is already extremely powerful, not to mention mastering two.

If someone could master both, it would be unimaginable for them!

With such an analysis, the last eight-level perception assessment is simply as difficult as the sky!

At the same moment, on the 992nd floor stairs.

Qin Feng was also greatly surprised!

He also did not expect that the final eight-level assessment was actually an assessment of eight SSS-level rules.

SSS-level law!

That is extremely difficult to grasp!

Even though he has obtained countless opportunities, he has only mastered six SSS-level laws so far.

But in the last eight floors, there are eight kinds of assessments!

Qin Feng is also a little worried!

However, the benefits of the last eight floors have also increased. As long as you pass through each floor, you can get special rewards.

That is also a great opportunity!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 992nd floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be started automatically. This floor will test the SSS-level blood law, please prepare for the competition]

【Countdown: 32】

what! It's the SSS-level bloodline rule!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This SSS-level law, he just mastered it!

He should be able to pass this test!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's body lit up with white light.

In the next second, he was divided into two parts, the polar body and the polar body itself.

In the face of the SSS-level Dao Yun assessment, he didn't dare to be careless, and naturally he had to go all out!

Om~!

Just then, the sky shook!

A huge beam of blood-colored light descended from the sky, covering both the polar yang body and the polar yin body at the same time.

The two main bodies immediately closed their eyes and entered the assessment state.

The audience also quieted down in an instant, and silently paid attention to Qin Feng's assessment one by one.

At the same time, something was also happening in the starry sky near the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, above the starry sky, there are six stalwart figures, all of them with extraordinary breath!

That is the Lucifer Six!

At this moment, Lucifer was looking at a beautiful blue planet hundreds of millions of miles away.

"It's finally here!"

God Lucy breathed a sigh of relief.

"Yes! My lord, we finally arrived! The blue planet in front of you is the Blue Star Realm."

Raphael also agreed with a smile.

Lucifer nodded: "Yes! Judging from the spiritual energy emanating from this Blue Star Realm, it is really barren! It should be difficult for such an inferior planet to give birth to any characters!"

Rafi said with a sneer: "This Blue Star Realm is the last planet that has not even been born with a star master. In other words, they don't even have a powerhouse at the threshold level of the main god, so naturally there won't be any powerful characters!"