Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The threshold-level strength of the main **** is the minimum standard for obtaining a fifth-class star.

Lucifer nodded with a smile: "That's right! It seems that the task of killing Qin Feng this time should be extremely easy!"

Rafi said with a smile: "Of course! By the way, Lord Lucy, how do we go to find Qin Feng?"

Lucifer smiled slightly: "This is easy! Lord Yeshen's incarnation has seen Qin Feng with his own eyes, he knows his appearance, and he also knows his soul aura. These jade talismans contain his information, you can keep them!"

As soon as Lucifer waved his hand, the five jade talismans flew to the five Raphael.

The five of Raphie caught the jade talisman one after another, and when they looked at it, they found that the jade talisman had a portrait of Qin Feng and the characteristics of his soul.

"Let's go! Go to the Blue Star Realm to see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Lucius flew towards the Blue Star Realm.

Raphael Five followed closely behind.

At the speed of the six of them, they could reach the Blue Star Realm in ten minutes at most.

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Jewish quarters above.

The Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone are overlooking the entire station.

A gust of breeze blew, and the air was filled with a thick smell of blood.

I saw that there were corpses scattered all over the place, and the corpses of Jusher were among them.

It turned out that Yueling's clone had already learned the secrets of the Judah from Judah's storage ring.

Afterwards, the Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone came to the Jewish residence and wiped out the Jewish people.

Later, they also discovered an interesting thing, that is, the small interstellar teleportation array.

Creating an interstellar teleportation array is extremely difficult!

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone are considering whether to destroy the teleportation formation or keep it for future use?

For this reason, the two clones temporarily stayed in the Jewish residence.

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

Yueling's clone looked at the sky with a sad expression on her face.

He has already checked the storage rings of the four of Gabriel, and learned a lot of secrets from them.

Especially in Gabriel's storage ring, there is actually mission information from God.

This let him know that Lucius was on his way to the Blue Star Realm with the peak power of the five main gods.

The five main gods are at their peak, and Lucius is a terrifying existence of the quasi-god-king level.

According to the information retained by Gabriel, Lucifer's combat power reached 6.7 billion stars hundreds of years ago.

Now hundreds of years have passed, and I don't know how much its strength has increased?

Even if the combat power of Lucius has increased to 7 billion stars, the Moon Spirit clone is not surprised.

The only thing he is worried about now is that before the main body arrives, several people from Lucifer have arrived.

If so, it's a bit of a hassle!

Without the main body, he is not the opponent of God Lucy because he joins forces with Mu Ling and Bing Ling.

However, when he learned that Lucifer would come, he also made some preparations in advance.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone overlooked the floating city again.

I saw that the entire floating city was empty, and there was not a single figure.

It turned out that he had ordered Elder Qishan to lead all the left-behind children to the Temple of Creation to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

At this time, they have entered the temple!

Today, in the entire Blue Star Realm, there is no longer a disciple of Long Yuan, and only the three clones of Qin Feng are left behind.

Fighting is prohibited in the Temple of Creation!

When Long Yuan's disciples enter the Temple of Creation, they are naturally safe.

The Yueling clone also specifically instructed all the children that all children could not leave the temple of creation until Qin Feng left the temple.

He wanted to use the empty city strategy to deal with the attack of Lucius and others.

In that way, Long Yuan's disciples will be safe.

As for Yueling and other three clones, even if they can't beat Lucius, there is still a chance to escape.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone looked at the starry sky again.

"Huh~! That's it?"

At this moment, Yueling's avatar's expression changed slightly.

His consciousness suddenly scanned that, outside the starry sky, there were six figures rushing towards the Blue Star Realm.

The person flying at the forefront is God Lucifer!

Chapter 767 The Avenue of Blood! Special bonus!

"It's coming so soon!"

Yueling was stunned in body and mind!

He did not expect that Lucius would come so quickly.

But his body hasn't come out yet!

Here's to trouble!

Of course, even if you can't beat Lucifer, the Moon Spirit clone can escape!

His only worry is that after escaping, the major stations of Longyuan will fall into the hands of Lucius.

I wonder if Lucifer will destroy it?

In the major residences of Longyuan, there are residential buildings of Longyuan's children.

If the residential building is destroyed, the Heavenly Dao reward that Longyuan's children get by building the residential building will be recovered by Heavenly Dao by half!

As a result, it will affect the strength of Long Yuan's children, and it will be detrimental to Long Yuan's children's - Shenwu assessment!

When Long Yuan's children repair the damaged residential building, the reward will be returned again!

Of course, this matter has no effect on Qin Feng, Di Jiang and others.

Because Qin Feng, Di Jiang and others' palaces and pavilions were built in the zero-dimensional space, which is the current chaotic space.

In any case, the Moon Spirit clone will not easily escape.

Even if he wanted to escape, he would let Lucius suffer a big loss first!

With this in mind, the consciousness of the Moon Spirit clone moved away from Lucifer and fell on Rafi and other five peak powerhouses of the main god...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of Yueling's clone suddenly increased!

His eyes lit up, he turned his head quickly, and looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation with a face of surprise.

His body actually broke through the 992nd floor at this moment!

At the same time, inside the temple of creation.

On the 992-story stairs.

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven also sounded.

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the rhythm of the SSS bloodline law of this layer, your control over the SSS-level bloodline law is deepened, and the combat power is +30,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 991st step assessment within 10 minutes, congratulations on getting 10 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 6 minutes and 47 seconds in the 99th step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 5 Shenwu points]

[Reminder: In the last eight floors, the evaluation of points has been changed]

[Complete the assessment within 10 minutes, you can get 10 Shenwu points]

[Complete the assessment within 30 minutes, you can get 5 Shenwu points]

[Complete the assessment within 1 hour, you can get 1 Shenwu points]

[To create the best results in this hall, all will be rewarded with 5 points]

[If the assessment is not completed for more than 1 hour, it will be eliminated on the spot]

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng was surprised!

Although the difficulty of the last eight layers has increased, the benefits are also great!

By breaking this level, the points he gained reached 15 points, and his combat power increased by 30,000 stars.

In this way, his combat power has reached 5.855 billion stars, and his strength has improved a lot!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

【Congratulations for passing the assessment at this level! You have received your first special reward, the rewards are as follows]

[Congratulations on getting a 'Super God Grade Soul Power' reward! 】

【Congratulations for getting 30 times luck reward! 】

[Congratulations on getting 5 'good luck treasure chests']

[Congratulations on getting the 'Blood Avenue Scroll']

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was surprised again!

This special reward is much richer than the previous rewards!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head...

In the next second, his spirit power and combat power momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

He closed his eyes involuntarily and absorbed his soul power comfortably.

[Reminder: congratulations on absorbing the 'Super God Grade Soul Power', your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +50,000 stars]

[Reminder: The strength of your soul body has been strengthened to 97.17% of the Quasi-God King]

Soul power and combat power have been greatly improved!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, another pillar of luck light fell...

His luck is also skyrocketing...

[Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 30-fold increase in luck, your luck value has increased to 813 times…]

Luck is up again!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile again.

At this time, the third beam of light fell!

Ten Fortune-level treasure chests and a golden scroll slowly fell along the beam of light...

In a blink of an eye, all the treasures came to Qin Feng...

After he got the treasure chest, he opened it directly, and got 5 more groups of 'Pluto Remnants', all of which were absorbed by "Book of the Present".

So far, "Book of the Present World" has been upgraded to the highest level (180,000/10,000).