Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When its progress reaches 10,000/10,000, it can be promoted to a fortune-level artifact.

Qin Feng is still looking forward to the growth of "Book of the Present".

As for the pages of "Book of Life and Death" and the pages of the future book, they have already reached the highest level of gods and can no longer be advanced.

Unless he can convert these two fetishes into "Past Book" and "Future Book".

After doing these trivial things, Qin Feng looked at the mysterious golden scroll again...

[Blood Avenue Scroll: Fortune Level]

[After comprehending this scroll, you can get the method of promoting the 'SSS-level Bloodline Law' to the 'Blood Avenue']

Seeing this, Qin Feng was enlightened for a while.

It turns out that above the SSS-level law, it is the Dao Law.

That is another level of existence!

In this way, this scroll is really a good thing!

No wonder it belongs to the level of creation.

Qin Feng observed it for a while, and then put it in the storage ring.

It takes a lot of time to understand this scroll.

At this time, he has no time to comprehend, and he will comprehend when he is free later.

Next, he should go to the 993th floor!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the 993rd floor.

I don't know what SSS-level rules will be on the 993rd floor?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy again.

It was because he mastered the SSS-level bloodline law that he was able to pass through the 992nd floor extremely smoothly.

If he did not master the SSS-level bloodline law, the difficulty would be increased dozens of times, and I was afraid that the 992nd floor would be eliminated.

Therefore, what kind of SSS-level rule is this 993 layer, which has a great influence on him.

He didn't know, so he could only push through!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 993rd floor...

At the same time, above the square.

Everyone was relieved from the shock before this, and they were all amazed.

"My God! Lord Qin Feng actually broke through the 992nd floor!"

"Yeah! He broke through in more than 6 minutes! This shows that Mr. Qin Feng has mastered the SSS-level blood law!"

"That's for sure! If he didn't master the SSS-level bloodline law, he couldn't be so fast!"

"Master Qin Feng is really amazing! Unexpectedly, he actually masters an SSS-level law!"

"Yeah! He's going to the 993rd floor now. I don't know what SSS-level law is on that floor? I don't know if Master Qin Feng has mastered it?"

"I don't know! There is a huge difference between mastering the law and not mastering the law! Let's take a look at it slowly!"

As soon as the words fell, everyone took a deep breath and watched nervously again.

At this time, Qin Feng had entered the 993rd floor.

As soon as he stepped in, he hurriedly sat cross-legged, and offered all kinds of trump cards, such as the Holy Lotus of Mind, the Book of Life and Death, and the Book of Life and Death.

Then, he displayed the body of two ceremonies.

After this preparation, the voice of Tiandao sounded in the sky above the entire assessment area...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 993-level ladder, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds. This floor will test the SSS-level nine-knowledge rule, please prepare for the competition]

【Countdown: 3…】

what! This time, it is the awakening of the SSS level nine consciousness!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

He has also mastered this law, and it is absolutely no problem to pass it.

His goal now is to clear the level within 10 minutes, so that he will get more points.

At the same moment, on the square, everyone muttered.

"Everyone, the assessment of the 993rd floor is about to begin. This time it's the SSS-level nine-knowledge rule. I wonder if Master Qin Feng has mastered it?"

"I don't know! However, Master Qin Feng is in the demigod realm. With his realm, it is already extremely terrifying to be able to master an SSS-level law."

"Yeah! If he clears this level again, it means that he has mastered two SSS-level laws!"

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook!

A huge silver beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's two main bodies.

New exam! Officially started!

The audience also quieted down again, nervously following Qin Feng's assessment one by one

At the same time, in a remote corner of the Temple of Fortune.

Dijiang, Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi have completed the retreat.

This time, the strength of the six people rose again.

Di Jiang and Jumang's combat power has both broken 80,000 stars, and the chance of winning a super god-level evaluation has reached more than 60%.

This made the two little guys very happy.

At this moment, Di Jiang looked excitedly at the phantom avatar in front of him, and his milky voice was authentic.

"Dad! Dad! We've all finished our retreat, should we go to take the comprehension test?"

At this moment, the Mirage clone is looking in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

He and the Moon Spirit clone were of the same mind, and naturally knew what happened in the Blue Star Realm.

When the little guy asked this, he came back to his senses.

At the moment, he smiled slightly and fondly touched the little guy's head.

"You can go to the comprehension assessment area, where my body is testing comprehension. However, don't rush to participate in the assessment."

Di Jiang wondered: "Dad, why don't we rush the assessment first?"

Feng Xi and the others also showed doubts.

The phantom avatar smiled and said: "After I finish the main body assessment, he will give you another secret technique of 'reborn' to improve your potential. In this way, you can also achieve better assessment results!"

"Especially for you and Jumang, the hope of obtaining a super god-level evaluation is even greater!"

Di Jiang was overjoyed: "Dad! I understand!"

Everyone suddenly realized that they were all happy!

"Dad, then we're going to the comprehension test area!"

"Go!"

Immediately, Di Jiang and his party happily rushed to the comprehension assessment area...

After Di Jiang and his party left, the Mirage clone took a deep breath and walked outside the Temple of Fortune.

Players who have entered the Temple of Fortune, if they have not completed the assessment, are not allowed to leave.

But those are only restrictions on the body, and there are no restrictions on the clone.

The phantom avatar knew that Lucius was coming, and he wanted to go out to help the moon spirit avatar to help the mountain.

Chapter seven hundred and sixty-eight: Tune the tiger away from the mountain! Break each!

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The Moon Spirit clone withdrew his gaze.

At this moment, his face was full of joy.

The main body successfully passed through the 992nd floor, and the combat power soared to 59.5 billion stars.

In this way, his combat power has broken through 4.7 billion, reaching about 4.72 billion stars!

This is not a small improvement!

Suddenly, his heart moved again, and he looked up in a certain direction!

Lucy and others are here!

At this time, the six Lucifers were overlooking the entire planet!

"finally reached!"

Lucifer looked at the planet below.

I saw that around the planet, a layer of faint white enchantment was lit up, covering the entire planet.

That is the planetary enchantment arranged by Heavenly Dao, which has some protective effects on the creatures in the planet.

The creatures in the planet cannot penetrate the enchantment, and can only come out from the star gate.

And outside creatures, if they want to enter the planet, they have to enter through the star gate.

However, in the eyes of Lucifer, this planetary barrier was nothing at all.

"Sir, in front of you is the planetary barrier of the Blue Star Realm!"

Raphael looked at the translucent barrier mask in front of him.

Lucifer smiled slightly: "This planet's barrier is really weak!"

Raphael smiled and said, "The planetary barrier of the last-level star world belongs to the sixth-level barrier, and it can't even stop the true **** realm. For me, it is even more useless."

Lucifer nodded with a smile.

It turned out that the higher the level of the planet, the higher the blessings of heaven.

Those blessings are not only the rewards of spiritual energy resources, but also the promotion of the level of planetary enchantment.

The fifth-class star realm has the fifth-class planet enchantment, which can block the invasion of the true **** realm.

The fourth-class planet enchantment can block the invasion of the main **** realm.

The third-class planetary barrier can block the invasion of the quasi-god king.

The second-class planet enchantment can block the invasion of the king of gods.

A first-class planetary barrier can block a half-step eternal invasion.

Planet enchantment, according to the level of the planet.

And the level of the planet is determined according to the title of the star master.

Today, the Blue Star Realm has not yet produced a star master, and there is only one star master candidate, namely Qin Feng.

"Let's go! Go in and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Lucius stepped out.

In the blink of an eye, he was next to the planetary barrier.

Lucifer didn't stop, the whole person slammed into the barrier directly.

Kacha~!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

A crisp sound!

He slammed through the barrier abruptly, breaking a large breach with a diameter of several tens of meters!

The whole planet trembled slightly, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

At this moment, in the Blue Star Realm, hundreds of millions of beings were shocked, and they all looked towards the direction of impact in shock.

At the same moment, Lucius passed through the barrier and entered the Blue Star Realm.