Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The five Raphie followed closely and entered the Blue Star Realm.

Om~!

In the next second, a faint aura lit up at the breach of the barrier, and then wriggled strangely, actually repairing.

In a blink of an eye, the breach healed completely and turned into a complete enchantment.

This is the peculiarity of planetary enchantment, with its self-healing function!

Lucius took a glance at the barrier, and then spread out his consciousness and probed towards the entire Blue Star.

As soon as he probed, he saw hundreds of millions of creatures looking at his position in horror.

Obviously, his powerful invasion shocked hundreds of millions of creatures.

"Haha! A group of ants!"

Lucius smiled coldly, and a monstrous aura erupted from his body, instantly covering a hundred miles.

Suddenly, within a hundred miles, all beings were inspired by the power of the God King, and they all turned pale with fright and trembled.

Lucifer just likes to see these ants, trembling in front of him!

Of course, he is not in the mood to kill these ants now.

He wants to find Qin Feng as soon as possible!

With this in mind, Lucius scattered his consciousness and swept away towards the entire Blue Star Realm.

In just a moment, his consciousness swept the entire planet.

"Hey! This is"

But after this sweep, Lucius frowned.

"Sir, what's the matter? Didn't find Qin Feng's trace?"

Raphael asked with concern.

Lucifer shook his head slightly: "It's not that I didn't find it, but I found three people who look exactly like Qin Feng, and their souls are very similar!"

"Three?"

Raphael looked stunned.

"How come there are three?"

Miga also opened her mouth in surprise.

Namika is one of the five powerhouses at the pinnacle of the main god.

Lucifer took a deep breath: "Perhaps, those three are Qin Feng's incarnations or avatars, or his body is one of them. No matter what the situation is, it's not wrong to kill those three together! "

Raphael hurriedly said: "Then let's do it!"

"The three are not together, there are two in the west direction!"

God Lucifer pointed to the direction of the Jewish people's residence.

That is where the Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone are located.

"There's one more in the east direction!"

God Lucifer looked in the direction of the floating city again, where the Moon Spirit clone was located.

"Sir, what should I do?"

Raphael asked.

Lucifer looked to the east and then to the west, two opposite directions.

Immediately, he said: "Separate! You five go to deal with those two in the west! Live to see people, die to see corpses! Never let them run away!"

Raphael smiled confidently: "Don't worry, my lord, we catch two of the five, even if they run away separately, they won't be able to escape!"

Mijia also smiled and said, "Sir, there are not many powerful people born in this last-class star world. With the strength of our five main gods, it is not easy to catch those two!"

"Okay! Action!"

"Yes!"

Immediately, the five of Raphael headed towards the direction pointed by the God of Lucifer, towards the Jewish residence.

Afterwards, Lucius turned around and rushed towards the floating city alone.

As soon as he stepped out, he teleported thousands of miles away at an extremely fast speed.

And his consciousness has been locked on the Moon Spirit clone.

However, the distance was too far, and he could not perceive the realm and strength of the Moon Spirit clone.

In just a few seconds, Lucifer disappeared for thousands of miles.

"Hey! This is"

But the next second, he frowned slightly.

He found out that the Moon Spirit clone actually started to escape.

what happened? !

Did the guy find himself?

From this point of view, the boy's consciousness is not weak!

He looked back and looked at the direction of the Jewish people's residence. The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone were still in place, and they didn't seem to find anything.

Based on such an analysis, the Qin Feng he tracked seems to be the strongest, and it is likely to be Qin Feng's body!

Thinking of this, Lucifer's eyes lit up, and he accelerated towards Yueling's clone.

At the same moment, he also scanned that the Moon Spirit clone was also speeding up to escape.

The corners of Lucifer's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a touch of disdain.

In his opinion, the Moon Spirit clone is stronger in divine sense, and weaker in other aspects.

It is not easy for him to catch up with Yueling's clone.

Thinking of this, Lu Xishen chased after Yueling's clone, and disappeared between the heavens and the earth in a blink of an eye.

At the same time, in the sky near the floating city.

The Moon Spirit clone was fleeing towards the east.

He also turned his head from time to time, looking in the direction of God Lucifer.

With his divine sense, he naturally scanned that Lucius was chasing after him.

He just deliberately lured away Lucifer, so that Mu Ling and Bing Ling could deal with the Raphael five.

The farther the distance between Lucifer and the Raphael five, the more beneficial it would be to the wood spirit and the ice spirit.

In this way, Yueling and Lucifer chased and fled.

The two sides can't see each other, but they can use their spiritual sense to spy.

A chase started like this.

Due to the limitations of the laws of heaven, Lucifer cannot use 'Sky Survey and Move' in the planet's enchantment, and can only rely on speed and teleportation to chase and kill.

He is a quasi-god king, and his speed is naturally terrifying!

In less than a minute, he had escaped hundreds of thousands of miles.

But the more he chased, the more frightened he became!

He was surprised to find that the speed of Yueling's clone had reached the threshold level of a quasi-god king.

This makes him unable to catch up for a while!

what happened?

Why is that kid so fast!

Isn't this blue star realm the last star realm!

Could it be possible to produce a quasi-god-king first-level character?

impossible!

If there is a first-class quasi-god-king, this blue star realm has a high probability of becoming a second-class star realm, not the last-class star realm!

The more Lu Xishen thought about it, the more frightened he became, and at the same time he became more and more certain that Yueling's avatar was Qin Feng's body.

At the moment, he speeded up again and chased towards Yueling's clone.

After all, his speed was one step faster than Yueling's clone.

The distance between the two sides is getting closer and closer!

At the same time, the Jewish people were stationed in the sky.

The avatars of the wood spirit and the ice spirit are suspended in the air, waiting for the Raphael five to kill the door!

Their divine senses clearly scanned that the distance between the Raphael five and them was getting closer and closer.

In a blink of an eye, five minutes passed.

The figures of the five Raphael appeared in the sight of the avatars of the wood spirit and the ice spirit.

The two sides are thousands of miles away.

Raphael and the five were excited when they saw Mu Ling and the two of them, and immediately accelerated their speed and rushed over.

On the other side, Lucius was even faster and had already caught up with Yueling.

The two sides are only a hundred miles away.

At this time, Lucius finally saw the realm of Yueling's avatar, and he was actually a demigod.

This shocked him so much!

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed it.

An ant in the demigod realm has such a fast speed!

However, he still didn't take it to heart.

No matter how strong the demigod realm is, how strong can it be?

At most, it is the strength of the threshold of the Lord God!

He wants to kill this kid easily! 5.6

Thinking of this, Lucifer looked coldly at the back of Yueling's clone.

Time to kill this kid!

"Boy! You can't escape! Die!"

huh~!

As soon as the voice fell, Lucius teleported to the back of Yueling.

But at this moment, a white light flashed on Yueling's body and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he also teleported to a distance of ninety miles.

Lucifer sneered disdainfully and shot directly.

Boom~!

He slapped wildly with a palm, and immediately turned into a big hand, covering the sky and the earth, covering a radius of 100 miles, just covering the Moon Spirit clone within it.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Click~! Click~! Click~!

When the palm fell, the sky and the earth cracked, the void was shattered, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

The face of Yueling clone changed slightly.

This palm is not something he can resist.

But he has been locked by this palm, and it is too late to avoid him!

And he wants to teleport, the skill cooling time is not over yet!

Click~! Click~! Click~!