Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, that palm was close to the head of the Moon Spirit clone.

Seeing that the palm was about to fall, Yueling had to bite the bullet and prepare to resist.

It was at this time that the mutation regenerated.

The momentum on his body suddenly increased again.

Yueling's eyes lit up, and once again looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation in surprise.

He sensed it, and the body passed through the 993th floor again.

Chapter seven hundred and sixty-ninth, the golden cicada escapes! Weird disappears!

In the blink of an eye, the momentum of Yueling's clone skyrocketed by more than 20 million stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that Lucius slapped the sky with his palm, and it was madly shot down!

The momentum of that palm also broke out completely, and it suddenly reached 6.9 billion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

The face of Yueling clone changed greatly!

Such an attack far exceeded expectations, how dare he be careless

Swish~!

In an instant, the sword light flashed in his hand, and the long sword appeared!

Om~!

The next breath, the sword body vibrated, and the whole body lit up with dazzling golden light!

The power of chaos fills the blade!

The momentum of Yueling's sword suddenly soared wildly, suddenly rising to about 5 billion stars, reaching the threshold of a quasi-god king, and took the initiative to greet that shocking palm!

Lucifer's eyes showed disdain!

A demigod who dares to directly resist his own palm is really courting death!

Not to mention the demigod realm, even a quasi-god-king threshold-level powerhouse would shatter his body when he received his palm!

At this moment, Lucifer's eyes were full of ridicule!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

In a radius of ten thousand miles, the sky is open and the earth is cracked!

The entire blue star is shaking slightly!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The low-grade god-level long sword in Yueling's hands was slapped off by a palm!

The attack power of God Lucifer is so terrifying!

It turns out that Lucifer has mastered two SS-level attack laws, and its attack power is far stronger than that of the same-level powerhouse!

That palm smashed the long sword, and the castration did not decrease, and continued to slap down the Yueling avatar!

The Moon Spirit clone was terrified!

At this moment, he has no chance to dodge, and can only use his physical body to block it.

Thinking of this, his qi and blood exploded, and his muscles skyrocketed!

Heavenly hegemony! Instant cast!

Bang~!

That palm slapped on Yueling fiercely!

Pa~!

Another 19 explosions!

The low-grade divine armor of the Moon Spirit clone was blown up by a palm, and it was blown to pieces!

In the end, the remaining power of that palm was slapped on Yueling's body!

Bang~!

Another muffled sound!

Yueling was photographed with cracks all over his body, blood flowing, and the whole person fell madly downward!

That palm almost turned him into meat sauce!

"Hey! This is..."

Lucifer was dumbfounded!

That kid actually caught his palm!

how can that be?

You know, he is good at attacking!

Even a quasi-god-king threshold-level powerhouse would not be able to catch that slap.

Could it be that this kid's defense is even stronger than the threshold level of the quasi-god king?

how can that be!

This little thief is in the demigod realm!

Lucifer is unbelievable!

Bang~!

Another bang!

The Moon Spirit clone fell to the ground!

The boulders were smashed, and the dust was everywhere!

A huge pit appeared, and the scene was astonishing!

This is a big fight!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, those broken swords and divine armor fragments flew into the deep pit one after another.

On the way to fly, the broken sword will automatically recover in combination!

Remnant armor fragments have also been reorganized!

This is the feature that comes with the artifact, and it has a self-healing function!

At this moment, in the deep pit, the Yueling clone staggered and crawled on it, the blue light flashed continuously on his body, and the injury was recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At this moment, he was also extremely shocked!

The attack power of God Lucy far exceeded his expectations.

If he didn't have the Heavenly Hegemony Body, and he didn't have the protection of Divine Armor, that palm would definitely blow him up on the spot!

In the blink of an eye, the injuries of Yueling's clone completely recovered.

huh~! huh~!

The long sword automatically flew into his hands!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The armor of God is also automatically worn on his body.

In just a moment, he recovered to his peak!

Seeing this scene, Lucius was shocked and angry!

After working for a long time, his previous palm didn't make any contribution!

damn it!

"Boy! You still have some skills! However, your luck ends here!"

Lucifer smiled coldly, and started a seal in his hand.

The next second, he actually used the time skill - time back!

Om~!

In just an instant, the invisible power of time was attached to the body of the moon spirit.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the divine armor on Yueling's body cracked inch by inch, returning to a state of one second.

The divine sword in his hand also broke from it.

What is even more terrifying is that his body also began to crack, the severe pain spread all over the body again and again, and blood flowed out from the crack...

In the blink of an eye, he returned to the state of serious injury from a second ago, his momentum plummeted, and his combat power dropped by about 4 billion stars.

Before Yueling's clone could react, Lucius had already made his move!

Swish~!

I saw Lucius waved his hand, and a high-grade god-level long sword with a black handle and a white blade appeared in his hand.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the next breath, Lucius's whole body suddenly burst into imposing manner!

It climbed from 6.9 billion to 7.7 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

It turned out that his previous palm didn't use all his strength!

He thought that Yueling's clone could not block his palm at all, so he slapped a random blow.

Unexpectedly, Yueling clone barely took it!

This completely angered the anger in his heart!

At this moment, his aura exploded completely!

"Boy! I don't think you're dead!"

Swish~!

As soon as the momentum erupted, Lucius slashed with all his strength and slashed towards Yueling's clone!

That sword slashed and turned into a lightsaber of ten thousand feet, one after another!

Its sword power shrouded a radius of 300 miles, and the sword intent locked onto the Moon Spirit clone!

Moon Spirit is terrified!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The range covered by this sword is too wide, even if he uses teleportation, he can't avoid it!

And the power of this sword is more than twice as strong as the previous one!

What's more, he is now seriously injured, even more unstoppable!

In the blink of an eye, that sword was in front of Yueling, and it was about to kill Yueling's clone with one sword!

It was at this critical moment that Yueling cloned a seal.

Om~!

There was a shock between heaven and earth!

In the next breath, strange changes took place in the whole world!

Everything, go back in time!

Click~! Click~! Click~!