Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! I want to be a professional lumberjack!"

"Everyone, if you find the body of a beast in the future, donate it directly! I will take it out, cut off the fur and donate it. I want to be a professional butcher!"

"Haha! Brothers, I'm going to be a chef, and I'll serve you delicious food!"

"My little sister can make clothes out of fabric, so I'll be a tailor!"

"I have a talent for smell. I can smell the aroma of various spirit grasses. I will look for spirit flowers and spirit grasses in the future. Maybe I can become a pharmacist in the future."

Some weak villagers seemed to see a new way out and cheered excitedly one by one.

When everyone saw this scene, they also showed joy.

Everyone is happy for them.

A village cannot be full of fighting talents, it also needs life occupations.

In this way, the village will be colorful and prosperous.

"Brothers, I can't sleep tonight. I'll go digging now!"

"Haha! Let's go! I know that there is an iron mine thirty miles to the north."

"I know a quarrying spot, who will follow me!"

"I go!"

"I'm going to chop wood! Who's going with me?"

"I!"

"And I!"

"Haha! Excited! So excited! I want to get some more contribution points tonight, and then exchange for some power stones."

"Haha! I want to upgrade the novice cabin sooner!"

At this moment, everyone's blood was boiling, and there was no sleepiness at all.

They were all stimulated by Qin Feng's efforts.

Especially Qin Feng successfully upgraded the novice wooden house so quickly and gained huge benefits.

The crowd looked envious.

At the moment, white light flashes in the field.

Many people chose 'one-click return' to return to the place where they killed monsters before, and prepare to get some fur.

And most people go out of the village, some go to mine, some go to quarry, some go to chop down trees, to collect various resources...

At the same time, inside the lost village.

Qin Feng is excitedly checking the resource warehouse.

Not long ago, he activated the [Exchange Channel], and then tried to donate some wood and stone to check the effect.

Unexpectedly, his throwing a brick and attracting jade actually attracted more than a dozen people to donate spirit flowers and spirit grass.

Especially that Longshan, who donated a second-order spirit grass.

He was immediately moved, and donated all the steel knives on his body, and exchanged them for contribution points.

As a result, the contribution points in his hand reached 143 points.

[Wind-chasing grass: Second-order spirit grass, which can be used as medicine and can greatly improve the agility attribute. 】Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

[Exchange price: 10 contribution points. 】

"Only 10 contribution points! This price is not expensive at all!"

Qin Feng was delighted to see it, and quickly exchanged it.

[Reminder: You successfully exchanged tier 2 spirit grass for wind chasing grass, which cost 10 contribution points. 】

good! good!

Tier 2 Spirit Grass is here!

He continued to exchange.

[Reminder: You successfully exchanged the first-order spirit grass elderberry, which cost 3 contributions. 】

[Reminder: You successfully exchanged the first-order spirit grass butterfly flower, which cost 3 contributions. 】

[Reminder: You successfully exchanged the 1st-order Spirit Grass Borer, which cost 3 contributions. 】

In this way, Qin Feng exchanged it happily.

In a blink of an eye, he obtained thirteen first-order spirit grasses, and the harvest was full.

So far, he has 94 contribution points left.

After doing this, he glanced at the 'Heavenly Dao Supplies' again, and finally his eyes fell on the energy stone.

[Energy Stone (primary): After absorbing 793, you can get 100 energy points. 】

[Exchange price: 10 contribution points. 】

"It's only 100 energy points, it's not worth it!"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly, somewhat disliking the energy stone.

For other villagers, power stones are a good thing.

That's a new way to get energy without killing monsters.

But to Qin Feng, the energy stone is a bit tasteless.

If he kills a level 10 or higher beast at random, he can get more than 500 energy points.

In exchange for power stones, you need to absorb 5 to do it.

To exchange 5 power stones, 50 contribution points are required.

With so many contribution points, he might as well keep and exchange various resources, especially those spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits.

Of course, power stones are a great boon for those who are not good at fighting.

With the rich resources of Longyuan Village, it is enough to support a large number of life professionals, and it will keep them at a good speed of upgrading.

Qin Feng can foresee that the Longyuan Village will become more and more colorful in the future.

Thinking of this, he was quite pleased.

The whole village is gradually on the right track.

"By the way, my wooden house has been upgraded to level 1. Next, it is time to upgrade to level 2. I don't know what conditions are needed to upgrade to level 2?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

To level 1 wooden house, he got 50 attribute bonus.

When you reach level 2, you can get 100 attribute bonuses, and the benefits are even more.

What's more, the role of the 2-level wooden house is even greater.

Thinking of this, he opened the creation channel.

Level 2 cabin upgrade conditions are as follows…

[20 units of wood (level 0 resource)]

[10 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[2 units of animal fur (level 0 resource)]

[1 unit of iron ore (level 0 resource)]

[1 piece of ice stone (Tier 1 resource)]

what! What is this ice stone?

Qin Feng quickly read the instructions.

[Ice Stone: A Tier 1 resource, produced in the depths of the Qiushui Lake, has a calming effect, and is an essential material for upgrading a Tier 2 wooden house. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

Then, his eyes lit up again, showing joy.

There is still a C-level map opening task in his hand that has not been completed.

The third step of the task of opening the map is to go to Qiushui Lake, kill the one-horned tortoise king, and obtain the core of the king (water).

It seems that it is very necessary for him to go to Qiushui Lake.

Chapter 96: Great Craftsmanship! One thousand attribute rewards!

At the moment, Qin Feng quit creating the channel.

To upgrade the 2-level wooden house, he also needs a lot of wood and stone.

The villagers of Longyuan Village also need a lot of wood and stone.

So, he has to keep fighting.

At the moment, Qin Feng continued to demolish those old wooden houses.

【You get a piece of wood +1】

【You get a piece of wood +1】

【You get a stone +1】…

In this way, Qin Feng frantically harvested those materials...

In just a moment, he demolished three old wooden houses in a row, and obtained 7 units of wood and 3 units of stone, and the efficiency was astonishingly fast.

Qin Feng was also dark in his heart.

Demolition of these old wooden houses, the harvest is fast!

It is a pity that there are only hundreds of these old wooden houses, and they are gone after they are demolished.

However, that was enough to earn him hundreds of contribution points.

Contribution points are of great use!

The higher the village level, the better the open Heavenly Dao resources.

For example, a level 0 village has a power stone (primary) available.

That level 1 village will open up better resources of Heaven.

And those have to be exchanged for contribution points.

Therefore, the more contribution points you accumulate, the better.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is more motivated to demolish the old wooden house.

What's even better is that he is getting more and more skilled at dismantling, and the speed of harvesting materials has been improving...

At the same time, the villagers of Longyuan Village were all working hard to collect various resources.

Some smart guys are already level 5, and their overall strength can be compared to level 7 beasts.

But they went to the level 3 and 4 beast areas to kill monsters.

Because as long as the beast with fur, you can take its fur, and it doesn't necessarily have to be a high-level beast.

In this case, it is better to kill some low-level beasts that are easy to produce fur, then the efficiency of harvesting fur will be greatly improved.

That's it, the whole Longyuan Village is struggling, the scene is in full swing, and everyone is very excited...

At the same time, in every corner of the Blue Star Realm, a new village will be established every ten minutes.

Before you know it, 27 villages have appeared.

Invisibly, this brought pressure to the hearts of all Blue Star people.

27 villages represent the 27 great forces in the future!

Between these forces, there must be **** competition in the future.

In this way, an invisible competition unfolded quietly, and everyone in Longyuan Village felt it secretly.