Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The broken armor and sword were restored and automatically equipped on Yueling's body.

The injuries on Yueling's body are also recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

And the attack of the **** Lucy actually retreated at a speed visible to the naked eye, everything was extremely strange...

This is exactly Qin Feng's skill - time and space!

In just one breath, Heaven and Earth returned to the state of half a second ago!

The Moon Spirit clone returned to its peak, and the Divine Sword and Divine Armor were all intact.

Lucifer is still in the state of stunned before, even the long sword of the high-grade **** rank has not been summoned.

"Damn!"

This scene made Lucius furious!

Swish~!

Immediately, he summoned the long sword again, ready to attack again.

He is well aware that time and space skills have long cooldowns.

At this moment, he wants to see how the Moon Spirit clone survives? !

huh~!

But at this moment, the Moon Spirit clone turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Lucifer sneered, thinking that the Moon Spirit clone had teleported away.

But the teleport distance is limited, where can you escape?

He quickly looked around!

This investigation, the sneer on his face froze.

I saw that there was no moon spirit clone in the radius of hundreds of millions of miles, and there was no trace of his breath, as if it had disappeared out of thin air!

This is definitely not teleportation!

Lucifer is stunned!

What about the kid?

At the same time, the Jewish people were stationed in the sky.

The five Raphael had just met with the clones of the wood spirit and the ice spirit.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Hey! These two guys are in the demigod realm?"

"So weak?!"

At this moment, the five Raphael looked at the two of Mu Ling in surprise.

Mu Ling and the two were too lazy to talk nonsense with them, and when they each waved their hands, there was an extra sword in their hands.

In the hands of the wood spirit clone is the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword!

In the hands of the Bing Ling clone is a high-grade god-level long sword, which is the long sword captured from Gabriel, called the Blazing Sword!

"Hey! That sword..."

As soon as the Blazing Sword came out, the five Raphael recognized it, and their expressions changed greatly.

But without waiting for them to think about it, the wood spirit slashed towards Rafi with one sword!

The ice spirit clone also slashed towards Mijia with a sword!

The position of these two people is standing in the front of the five people!

"court death!"

Raphael's five people were shocked and angry!

These two demigods are so arrogant!

Seeing that not only did they not escape, but they were the first to take action!

At the moment, Raphael and Mijia took action one after another, facing the attack of the two clones!

The other three also offered their weapons one after another, and they were about to attack!

Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the attack of the two clones fell!

Divine Sword Slashes Heaven! Void Break!

puff~! puff~!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashes!

The shrill screams kept echoing!

The two of Raphi didn't even have the ability to resist, so they were split in half on the spot, and even the soul 093 body was smashed by a sword!

The other three were immediately dumbfounded, and looked at the two of Mu Ling in incomparable horror.

Gosh!

These two demigods actually killed the two of them with one sword!

You know, both of Raphael are both the peak powers of the Lord God!

Boom~!

In just an instant, the three of them responded.

"Run away!"

An exclamation!

The three master gods fled in three directions respectively!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed beside Mu Ling, and Yue Ling's clone appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that the Moon Spirit clone used space summoning, escaped the pursuit of Lucius, and appeared beside Mu Ling in an instant.

Afterwards, the three divisions were in a good mood in body and mind, and they each pursued and killed one of the main gods.

In the blink of an eye, the three clones left the scene.

And the corpses of Rafa and Mijia fell heavily to the ground, smashing into the valley and shaking, and the dust was flying!

The bodies of these two people are still intact, but they were split in half!

However, their soul bodies were completely shattered, and they couldn't die any longer.

In fact, the strength of the wood spirit and the ice spirit far surpassed the two, and the attack directly shattered the souls of the two.

But at this moment, a strange thing happened.

Raphael's corpse suddenly lit up with a strange black light, and a strange smile appeared on his face that was split in half.

"It's interesting!"

Raphael's corpse moved his lips slightly.

In the next second, the two halves of his corpse turned into two black lights and disappeared strangely.

There were only some bloodstains and Miga's cold corpse left in the field. There was no sign of Rafi's corpse, nor any breath of him.

At this moment, three shrill screams came from not far away!

The three escaped master gods were also killed by the three avatars of Yueling!

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

At this moment, a roar came from a certain direction in the east of the Blue Star Realm!

"Child Qin Feng! You are courting death!"

The roar instantly spread across the entire planet, shaking the heavens and the earth!

Like the wrath of the gods!

Countless creatures were shocked until their eardrums ruptured and their ears bleed!

There were also a large number of creatures, whose eyes were blackened by the shock, and fainted on the spot! .

Chapter 770 The Avenue of Souls! Strength soars!

That shocking roar was made by God Lucy!

Just now, God Lucifer's consciousness scanned that Yueling's three clones beheaded three of his subordinates.

He never imagined that the Moon Spirit clone would appear hundreds of millions of miles away in one fell swoop.

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the roar sounded, there was an earth-shattering sound of breaking the sky from the east of the Blue Star Realm!

The God of Lucifer, carrying monstrous anger, is rushing towards the Jewish residence!

At this moment, he just wanted to kill all the three avatars of Yueling to avenge his subordinates!

Now, he has determined that Yueling's clone is Qin Feng!

As for the avatar of the wood spirit and the avatar of the ice spirit, they should only be the avatars of Qin Feng, and their strength is definitely far inferior to the main body.

In this way, he can still kill Yueling's three clones!

At the same moment, Yueling's clone raised his head slightly and looked in the direction of Lucifer.

At the speed of God Lucifer, it only took seven or eight minutes to arrive at the Jewish residence.

Such a long time is enough for them to clear the battlefield.

Thinking of this, the Moon Spirit clone looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation.

He is waiting for the "Book of the Present" of the ontology

At the same time, in the Temple of Fortune, on the 993rd floor stairs.

Qin Feng just finished digesting the second special reward.

At the moment, he is checking his latest status

[Combat Strength]: 5.985 billion

[Air Luck]: 843 times

[Soul Strength]: Quasi-God King 99.98%

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

The last eight!

Every time you pass a level, the rewards are huge!

This time, his strength has increased greatly!

In particular, the strength of the soul body has reached 99.98%, and it is only one line away from breaking through to the level of the **** king.

Having said that, if the soul and body can break through, it will be of great benefit to his next assessment!

For example, he is slightly stronger than the SSS-level nine senses in the attainment of the SSS-level blood law.

But on the 992nd floor, he received his first special reward, his spirit power skyrocketed, and his luck also increased by 30 times.

As a result, when he reached the 993rd floor, he only spent 6 points and 11 points, which was about half a minute faster than the 992nd floor.

Now, his soul power and luck have increased again.

This will be more beneficial to his next breakthrough.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's mood suddenly improved.

Suddenly, there was a sudden change in the field!