Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Four extremely dazzling white lights came out of nowhere and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Your clone successfully killed the demon **** Mijia (main **** peak), you obtained +1.4 billion attributes, +7.3 trillion energy points]

[Your clone successfully killed the demon **** Sariel (the peak of the main god), you obtained +1.37 billion attributes, +7.1 trillion energy points]

[Your clone successfully killed the demon **** Raguel (the peak of the main god), you obtained +1.42 billion attributes, +7.4 trillion energy points]

[Your clone successfully killed the demon **** Remir (the peak of the main god), you obtained +1.39 billion attributes, +7.2 trillion energy points]

【Your level is promoted to level 81】

【Your strength index increases by 5 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 5 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 5 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 5 points! 】

The harvest is here again!

Even the level has been raised!

After rising to level 81, the increase in the four attribute indices more than doubled.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

what! its not right!

Why are there four ways to feed back?

But in the next second, Qin Feng frowned!

He and the clone are of the same mind, and he can clearly know that the three clones killed the ultimate power of the five main gods!

It stands to reason that he should receive five feedbacks.

This suddenly made Qin Feng puzzled!

He was not at the scene, and he didn't know that Raphael's body had mysteriously disappeared.

Not only did he not know, the three avatars chased and killed the powerful enemy before, and did not find that Rafi's body disappeared.

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck value of 'Mega', and you have obtained 12 times the luck value! 】

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Luck Divine Sword has swallowed all the luck value of 'Saliye', and you have obtained 13 times the luck value! 】

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck value of 'Raguel', and you have obtained 11 times the luck value! 】

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck value of 'Remuel', and you have obtained 14 times the luck value! 】

In the next second, the invisible power of luck will nourish Qin Feng's whole body, making him feel very comfortable!

The luck has increased by 50 times, which is even more than the special reward.

As a result, his luck value has reached 893 times.

This will also be of great help to his next assessment.

Two consecutive waves of benefits made Qin Feng in a good mood.

As for why there are only four ways to feed back instead of five, he has no time to think about it.

Lucifer is killing the three clones.

He has to hurry up and get down to business!

With this in mind, Qin Feng hurriedly opened the trading channel and put "Book of the World" on the trading platform.

The clones killed the four Miga, and their soul fragments could just increase the destiny value of the Book of the World.

After dealing with the "Book of the Present World", Qin Feng took another look at the silver scroll in his hand.

[Soul Avenue Scroll: Fortune Level]

[After comprehending this scroll, you can get the method to promote 'SSS-level Nine Consciousness Awakening' to 'Soul Road']

This is the avenue scroll that Qin Feng got on the 993rd floor!

Great help for him in the future!

After putting away the scroll, Qin Feng opened the panel again

[Free attribute]: 5.58 billion

This time, I actually gained 5.58 billion attribute points!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

However, he didn't dare to waste time and started adding points directly.

Lucifer is killing his clone!

And with the strength of his three avatars, even if they join forces, they are not the opponents of Lucius.

Therefore, he wants to speed up the improvement of his own strength, so that the strength of the clone can be improved simultaneously.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to add points, and the combat power soared to 6.11 billion stars again.

Then the combat power of his clone has skyrocketed to about 4.9 billion stars, which is just one line away from the threshold of the quasi-god king.

"Hoo~! It's finally done ¨々!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this time, he had a feeling in his heart, and directly opened the trading channel, and took out the "Book of the Present World" from it.

As soon as he saw the present book, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Today, the progress of the Secular Book has improved again, reaching the top-level **** rank (230,000/10,000).

Destiny is extremely rare!

He is very satisfied with the progress of the Secular Books!

In short, all the trivial matters are over.

It's time for him to move on!

The more levels he passed, the more his strength improved, and the more beneficial he would be to deal with Lucifer.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the 994th floor

What is the SSS-level rule for this new level?

Qin Feng was at a loss.

Don't look at his success in the first two levels, that's because he has mastered the corresponding rules.

If he doesn't master it, the difficulty will be doubled dozens of times, and he has a high probability of being eliminated.

Thinking of this, he was inevitably a little apprehensive.

In this way, Qin Feng walked to the 994th floor

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, the Jewish residence.

The three clones of Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit have already cleared the battlefield.

The storage rings of the four Mijia also all fell into the hands of the Moon Spirit clone.

At this moment, Yueling's avatar frowned.

He had already rummaged through the entire scene, but he didn't find Raphael's body.

"." That's weird! The guy from before was split in half, why is the body gone?"

Yueling muttered in her mind and body, vaguely uneasy.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering sound of breaking the air came from a distance.

Yueling clone hurriedly followed the sound, and saw that tens of thousands of miles away, Lucifer was rushing towards him.

"Child Qin Feng! This deity is going to kill you!"

At this moment, Lucius finally saw the three avatars including Yueling.

The monstrous anger in his heart, like a volcano erupting, spewed out directly.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, he increased his speed and killed the three clones.

"It's finally here!"

Yueling's clone looked around and had to give up looking for Raphi's body.

The strong enemy has come!

There is no way for him to continue searching!

At the moment, when the moon spirit is distracted, it turns into white light and disappears in place.

huh~! huh~!

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone also turned into white light and disappeared together.

In the distance, Lucius was slightly taken aback.

But in the next second, he suddenly raised his head and looked towards the sky above Jiutian.

It turned out that his divine sense scanned that the three avatars of Yueling had escaped from the Blue Star Realm and appeared outside the planetary barrier.

That's because the three clones used 'Sky Survey and Move' and escaped directly.

They didn't want to fight Lucifer in the Blue Star Realm.

That would destroy the Blue Star Realm!

After all, Qin Feng is the star master candidate of the Blue Star Realm, that is, the future master of this planet.

Qin Feng didn't want to destroy his planet before he became the star master!

"Humph! Can you escape?"

As soon as Lucius sensed the position of the three avatars, he also 'scanned the sky and moved', and escaped outside the enchantment.

Scan the sky and move, within the planetary enchantment, you can instantly move outside the enchantment.

If it is outside the enchantment, 'Sweeping the Sky' cannot directly escape into the planet, it will be blocked by the planet's enchantment.

This is the planetary barrier, a kind of external restriction.

In a blink of an eye, the three avatars and Lucius all left the Blue Star Realm.

In the Jewish residence, it became a dead silence again, and the field was very quiet!

A gust of breeze blew, and the thick smell of blood wafted around in the air!

Suddenly, the space fluctuated.

In a corner of the station, a faint human-shaped shadow gradually emerged from the void.

The color of the shadow changed from light to dark, and finally turned into a real person, suddenly Raphael.

At this moment, Rafa is in good health, with peak momentum, and there is no trace of injury on his body.

He raised his head slightly, looked at the direction where the three avatars and Lucifer were leaving, and showed a strange smile.

"It's time to go see a good show!"

Raphael smiled and disappeared again.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The next second, an invisible figure also quietly escaped from the planet barrier land.

Chapter 771 Starry Sky Showdown! Break three levels in a row!

But on the other side, after Lucifer's "surveying the sky and moving", he arrived on the starry sky.

He looked up and saw three clones of Yueling, Woodling, and Bingling, standing in the starry sky, looking towards him.