Those three guys seem to be waiting for him!

"Damn things!"

Lucifer roared angrily and killed the three clones.

At this moment, he can't wait to kill the three clones to vent his hatred!

At the same moment, the three avatars were ready, just waiting for Lucius to kill him.

This battle!

Inevitably!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, Lucius killed the three avatars in front of him!

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

As soon as he arrived, he immediately shot and slashed towards Yueling's clone with one sword!

He has already determined that Yueling is Qin Feng!

The wood spirit and the ice spirit are just clones!

As long as he destroys Qin Feng, the two clones will be self-destructed and collapsed automatically.

Without the body, the clone cannot survive!

Swish~!

I saw that sword slashed and turned into a lightsaber with a length of hundreds of millions of feet, illuminating the entire starry sky!

The terrifying aura of 7.7 billion stars covers a radius of hundreds of miles, and locks the Moon Spirit clone firmly!

He wants to kill this guy with a sword!

The Moon Spirit clone also changed slightly!

Before that, Lucifer's 6.9 billion-star blow hit him hard, and his body almost collapsed!

Today, the attack power of these 7.7 billion stars is not even a little bit stronger, and it has the power to kill him in seconds!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, that sword was approaching!

Where the lightsaber passed, the starry sky cracked inch by inch, the laws collapsed one after another, and the power was terrifying!

Seeing, that sword is about to fall!

The Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone are about to take action, and they want to join forces to resist the blow.

Lucifer looked at it with disdain in his eyes!

Even if this kid has two clones to help, it is absolutely impossible to block this sword!

787 As for the strength of Yueling's clone, he had already figured it out the last time he fought!

Swish~!

That shocking sword!

Chop down!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed next to Yueling's clone, and another figure appeared, which looked exactly the same as the three clones.

The person here is the Mirage clone!

It turned out that the Mirage clone had already left the Temple of Creation, and teleported directly to Yueling's side through the 'Space Summoning'.

The sudden appearance of the phantom avatar made Lucius stunned!

Before he could think about it, the four avatars shot at the same time!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Four sword lights shot up into the sky!

All incarnate!

The momentum is connected into one piece, making the entire starry sky tremble!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At the same moment, the power of SSS-level chaos flooded the blade!

The combat power of the four avatars has soared, and they can all be compared to the full blow of 5.5 billion stars!

Similarly, the sword of Lucius also contains two SS-level attacks, making its attack comparable to an 8 billion star strike!

This is where his confidence lies!

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks will collide!

In the eyes of God Lucy, there is all the hideousness and excitement!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

A hundred miles of void, all shattered!

The next second, the four avatars groaned, and each flew out thirty thousand feet away.

The God of Lucifer was also shaken back a hundred zhang!

In this round, Lucifer has the upper hand.

Looking at the four avatars again, they were only shaken back 30,000 feet, but no one was injured.

Soon, the four avatars stabilized their bodies and stood in the starry sky!

"This is…"

Seeing this scene, Lucifer was dumbfounded!

He looked at the four clones in disbelief.

Through the confrontation just now, he was shocked to find that the strength of the four clones was equal, and no one was stronger or weaker at all.

What's even more frightening is that this kid actually has three powerful clones, not two!

Lucifer looked at the Mirage clone angrily.

This is the third avatar!

In short, the battle situation in front of him completely exceeded his expectations!

In particular, the realm of the four avatars is only the demigod realm.

This made him feel terrified!

Today, he must kill Qin Feng.

Otherwise, there will be endless troubles!

This kid is only in the demigod realm, so he has such a strong strength.

When he breaks through to the False God realm, it will be worth it.

Now that you have forged a deadly vengeance, let's go to the dead!

"Damn!"

With a curse, Lucifer slaughtered the Moon Spirit clone again.

He still believes that Yueling's clone is Qin Feng!

He didn't believe it, he couldn't kill Qin Feng himself!

Seeing that Lucifer was coming, the four avatars hurriedly went up to fight.

In this way, the battle between the two sides started on the starry sky.

This shocking battle naturally shocked the entire Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, countless guardian forces are hanging below the planetary barrier, watching the world-shattering battle in the starry sky!

At the same time, something was happening in the Temple of Fortune.

On the square in the comprehension test area.

All the spectators were amazed!

They were shocked by Qin Feng's successful breakthrough before.

At this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded above the assessment area...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 994th floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be automatically started. This floor will test the SSS-level law of creation, please prepare for the competition]

【Countdown: 3】

At this moment, Qin Feng has already made all preparations!

After hearing that this layer was testing the Law of Creation, he breathed a sigh of relief.

This is also the SSS-level law he masters.

It seems that there is no problem in breaking through this hurdle.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's two main bodies closed their eyes one after another, waiting for the test to start...

At the same moment, in the square, everyone was discussing eagerly.

"This time it's actually the law of creation! It's more difficult to understand than the SSS-level bloodline law and the SSS-level nine consciousness awakening!"

"It's true! Bloodline and nine senses are the easiest to control among SSS-level laws. The S-law of good fortune is a lot more difficult! I wonder if Lord Qin Feng has mastered it?"

"Hey! Master Qin Feng has mastered two SSS-level laws. If he masters the third one, it would be too exaggerated. After all, he is only a demigod!"

"In this way, Mr. Qin Feng may not be able to pass this level!"

As soon as the voice fell, everyone was worried.

At this moment, on the stairs of the 994th floor, a milky white beam of light descended in the air, covering the two main bodies of Qin Feng.

The examination has officially started!

Immediately quiet the audience!

Everyone held their breath and watched nervously…

In this way, Qin Feng continued to pass the test in the temple!

And above the starry sky of the Blue Star Realm.

The four avatars and Lucifer have been killed in the dark, the starry sky is broken, and the battle is extremely fierce!

For all this, Qin Feng naturally knows.

He was also a little anxious.

The four avatars joined forces, but they still couldn't resist Lucius.

Over time, it's not good for his clone!

Just like that, time passed by!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's assessment took more than 3 minutes.

At this time, the entrance of the assessment area suddenly lit up with white light.

Immediately afterwards, six figures filed in.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

This movement shocked the audience.

Many people turned to look.

Seeing this, those people were surprised.

I saw that three of the six players who had just entered were children.

One is a beautiful little girl of eleven or twelve years old.