Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The other two, one looks like three or four years old, and one looks like two or three years old, they are cute little boys like porcelain dolls.

Huh~!

Such a small child is already a demigod!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Whose children are these?

It's so excellent!

Everyone was amazed!

At this moment, the youngest child pointed at Qin Feng with excitement, and cheered with milky voice.

"Sister Luan! Brother Jumang! Look! Dad is there!"

"Hey! Really! Wow! Dad is so amazing, he has already reached the 994th floor!"

"Of course! Dad has always been great!"

These three little dolls are Xiao Luan'er, Di Jiang, and Jumang.

At this moment, when they saw Qin Feng, they all showed joy.

Behind them, Feng Xi, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi were also overjoyed.

There was an uproar around everyone!

It turns out that these three are the children of Lord Qin Feng!

No wonder they are so good!

Having said that, it is only the peerless talent like Master Qin Feng that can give birth to such an excellent child!

Thinking of this, the eyes of everyone looking at the three of Di Jiang were filled with awe.

That's because they were in awe of Qin Feng, and they were also in awe of Qin Feng's children.

"Sister! When will Dad pass the level?! His clone said that we can't participate in the comprehension test until Dad passes the level!"

Di Jiang said in a milky voice.

When the little guy saw that there were many players testing on the stairs ahead, he was eager to try it.

"Little Emperor, don't worry! Dad should be able to clear the customs soon."

Xiao Luan'er pinched her brother's little cheek dotingly.

But as soon as she finished speaking, an old man's voice sounded beside her.

"Little girl, it's not easy for Mr. Qin Feng to clear the 999th floor! Let's not talk about the first 991st floor. The last eight floors are all about SSS-level rules!"

The old man stroked his beard and sighed.

He mentioned Qin Feng's tone with respect.

Even his attitude towards Xiao Luan'er was very polite.

This is Lord Qin Feng's child!

He dare not offend!

Hearing this, Feng Xi and the others all showed surprise.

Xiao Luan'er frowned even more: "You have to test the perception of SSS-level rules! This is too difficult!"

The old man sighed: "Yeah! Master Qin Feng has passed two levels in a row! Now, he has reached the third level, and the assessment is the SSS-level law of creation. This law is very rare, and very few people can master it!"

"I don't know, has Lord Qin Feng mastered the law of creation? If he masters it, it's not a big problem. If he doesn't master it, it's unlikely that he will pass the test."

As soon as the old man's words fell, everyone around looked at Xiao Luan'er curiously.

Obviously, they also want to know if Qin Feng has mastered it.

Xiao Luan'er was a little panicked.

She didn't remember that her father had mastered the laws of creation!

"Sister, Dad doesn't seem to have mastered the laws of creation, right?"

Di Jiang spoke directly.

These little guys don't know how many laws Qin Feng has mastered.

The faces of the people around him changed slightly!

Lord Qin Feng really didn't master the law of creation!

At that level, Mr. Qin Feng couldn't get past it.

Thinking of this, many people sighed in their hearts.

Kacha~!

At this moment, there was a crisp sound on the stairs of the 994th floor!

The forbidden mask around Qin Feng burst into pieces!

He actually passed the customs at this time!

Boom~!

There was an uproar in the audience! .

Chapter 772 Chaos Avenue! Six Realms Avenue!

"My God! I've broken the level! Lord Qin Feng has actually broken the level!"

"How long has it been?! It seems like it's less than 6 minutes!"

"Yeah! Much faster than the last level!"

"Master Qin Feng must have mastered the law of creation~!"

"Oh my god! Lord Qin Feng has mastered three SSS-level laws! This is too terrifying - right!"

At this moment, the audience was amazed!

The three little guys, Di Jiang, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er, cheered even more.

At the same moment, on the 994th floor!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there are also reminders of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the Dao Rhyme of the SSS Law of Fortune at this level, your control over the Law of Fortune at the SSS level is deepened, and the combat power is +30,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 994th step assessment within 10 minutes, congratulations on getting 10 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 5 minutes and 31 seconds in the 994th step assessment and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 5 Shenwu points]

Cleared in 5 minutes and 31 seconds!

This is much faster than the previous one!

Obviously, this is the effect of the increase in soul power and air luck!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

【Congratulations for passing the assessment at this level! You have received the 3rd special reward, the rewards are as follows]

【Congratulations for getting a super god-grade soul power reward】

【Congratulations for getting 30 times luck reward】

【Congratulations on getting 5 Fortune-level treasure chests】

【Congratulations on getting the scroll of Fortune Avenue】

The 3rd special reward is here!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, the sky will shake!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky

Qin Feng closed his eyes with joy and began to absorb soul power

In the next second, his spirit power and combat power momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

On the square, everyone watched with admiration.

[Reminder: congratulations on absorbing the super god-grade soul power, the soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +50,000 stars]

[Reminder: The strength of your soul body has increased to 1017% of the Quasi-God King, reaching the advanced level]

[Reminder: Your soul body is advancing]

【Advanced success! Your soul strength has reached 17% of the God King, and your combat power has increased by 100 million stars]

【Advanced success! The strength of your soul body has reached the level of a **** king! Your divine punishment holy light power is increased by 1%]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The strength of the soul body has been greatly improved!

This made his combat power soar, reaching 6.29 billion stars!

What's even better is that his soul power has improved, and his next assessment will be smoother!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before Qin Feng was happy, another beam of luck light descended from the sky!

After a while, his luck increased by 30 times, reaching 923 times!

Luck is up again!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile again.

Immediately afterwards, the third beam of light fell!

Five Fortune-level treasure chests and a milky white scroll slowly fall along the beam of light

That milky white scroll is the treasure of good fortune - the scroll of good fortune avenue!

Qin Feng happily waits for the arrival of the treasure

At the same time, outside the planetary barrier of Blue Star.

The four avatars and Lucifer are fighting fiercely.

That Lucy God is strong, and has been pressing the four clones to fight, killing the four clones to the point of defeat.

In the star barrier, there are still tens of thousands of heaven-level and earth-level powerhouses.

They were suspended in mid-air, looking up at the battle in the starry sky, each and everyone worried.

From time to time there were some discussions in the crowd.

"The four masters who look exactly the same should be Lord Qin Feng!"

"Yeah! That should be Lord Qin Feng and his three avatars. Who are they fighting?!"

"I don't know! Looking at that person's strength, it should be a peerless power of the quasi-God King level!"

"How did Mr. Qin Feng provoke the quasi-god king?"

"I don't know! However, the situation of Lord Qin Feng is not good?"

"How can this be good?"

At this moment, they were even more worried about the safety of the four clones than the disciples of Long Yuan.

It is well known that Qin Feng killed the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of years and became the star master candidate of the Blue Star Realm.

His birth in the sky allowed countless forces in the Blue Star Realm to see the dawn of the Blue Star Realm being promoted to a high-level star realm.

It's been so many years!

The Blue Star Realm has never been born with a star master, and has always been reduced to the last-class planet, which has become the pain in the hearts of Blue Star people for generations!

It is because the resources of the Blue Star Realm are too poor, and it is difficult to produce powerful star master candidates.