Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

According to the past, the star master candidates of the Blue Star Realm have the strength of the False God Realm, and very few can reach the True God Realm.

But with such strength, it is impossible to obtain the title of star master at all!

It was not until the appearance of Qin Feng that hundreds of millions of souls saw hope.

If Qin Feng succeeds in obtaining the Star Lord and promotes the Blue Star Realm to a high-level star realm, he will be able to obtain a lot of blessings from heaven.

In the entire Blue Star Realm, all creatures will benefit!

But they didn't expect that a quasi-god king came to the door today and fought with Lord Qin Feng!

Looking at this situation, Mr. Qin Feng's situation is extremely rare!

If Lord Qin Feng falls unfortunately, the Blue Star Realm's hope for promotion that has been waiting for millions of years will be dashed!

Thinking of this, how could these onlookers not be anxious!

"Hey! Everyone, how should this be? If Lord Qin Feng falls, we in the Blue Star Realm will have no chance to be promoted!"

"Yeah! It's been millions of years! We finally waited until Lord Qin Feng was born! Are we just watching him?"

"Hey! What can we do? With my ant-like strength, I can't even pass through this planetary barrier. How can I help Mr. Qin Feng?"

"That's right! By the way, Lord Qin Feng is here, where are those Long Yuan disciples? Why didn't you see any of them?"

"It is estimated that Lord Qin Feng moved them in order to protect them!"

"Hey! Don't talk about that, I just hope that Mr. Qin Feng can withstand this battle! With the current performance of Mr. Qin Feng, he definitely has the strength to be a quasi-god king!"

"The threshold of the quasi-god king? My God! With such strength, he is going to participate in the Star Lord title challenge, and he will definitely get the second-class Star Lord!"

"Second-rank star-lord? My God! If we can't be promoted to the second-rank star realm in the Blue Star Realm, we will be able to obtain tens of thousands of times of resources. Even the inferior qualifications of this old man have the hope of breaking through to the demigod realm. ."

The onlookers became more and more excited.

"Hey! Having said that, Master Qin Feng must be able to bear the current crisis!"

"Yes! If Lord Qin Feng can't resist, not only will he be unlucky, but our entire Blue Star Realm will be unlucky!"

As soon as these words fell, the powerhouses changed their colors one after another!

It was at this moment, the starry sky in front of the sky, and a loud bang broke out!

Bang~!

That bang!

The void collapses!

Explosion sound waves, spread everywhere!

The Blue Star Realm was also affected, and the entire planet trembled slightly!

Everyone was horrified, and they turned their heads to look, and saw that the four avatars were fighting against Lucifer again!

The four clones were blasted out again!

But this time, the four avatars were only blasted out 20,000 feet!

You must know that before this, every time the four avatars fought each other, they would be blasted by Lucius to 30,000 feet away.

Looking back at Lucius, he was also shaken back by more than two hundred feet!

Before it was changed, Lucius was at most knocked back a hundred zhang!

what!

How is this going? !

Could it be that Lord Qin Feng has become stronger? !

This strange change made the onlookers' eyes light up.

At the same time, above the starry sky.

Lucifer also looked at the four avatars in astonishment!

He was in the middle of the battle and felt the most real!

He clearly noticed that the strength of the four avatars has become a lot stronger!

What exactly is going on?

Aren't these four guys fighting with themselves all the time?

How can they get stronger and stronger?

The more Lucius thought about it, the more surprised he became!

Is it some kind of secret technique used?

On the other side, the four avatars also all had happy expressions on their faces.

Just now, Qin Feng cleared the 994th floor and digested the rewards, and his combat power soared to 6.29 billion in one fell swoop!

As a result, the strength of the four avatars also increased greatly!

"Boy! You must have used a secret technique! I want to see how long your secret technique to improve your strength can last?"

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the words fell, Lucius rushed over with murderous aura.

The four avatars also took the initiative to confront them.

The two sides fight again!

In the starry sky, another shocking fierce battle broke out!

At the same time, in the Temple of Fortune.

Qin Feng has digested the third special reward.

At this time, he was already on the 995th floor, and he had made all preparations, just waiting for the assessment to start.

The audience watched nervously.

At this moment, the sky shook, and the voice of Heaven echoed in the air

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 995th floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be started automatically. This floor will test the SSS-level chaos law, please prepare for the competition]

【Countdown: 3】

As soon as the prompt came out, Di Jiang's surprise cheers rang out in the square.

"It's the law of chaos! It's the law of chaos mastered by Dad!"

Boom~!

As soon as the call sounded, the audience was a sensation!

Master Qin Feng also mastered the law of chaos?

In this way, Lord Qin Feng has mastered four SSS-level laws!

This is too incredible!

Everyone was amazed!

But there are still many people who say they can't believe it!

How can a demigod player master the four SSS-level laws?

If you say it, who can believe it?

Even the young master Capricorn, who has a lot of knowledge, expressed that it was difficult to accept it, and shook his head again and again.

As far as he knows, the strongest genius in the Star Alliance has only mastered two kinds of SSS-level law talents.

Qin Feng can master three kinds, it is already extremely terrifying, how can he master four kinds?

But only 4 minutes and 17 seconds later, Qin Feng succeeded!

This once again shocked the audience!

The Capricorn Young Master was completely dumbfounded!

This time, the breakthrough was successful, Qin Feng's soul power rose again, and his combat power also soared.

At the same time, he also got the treasure of good fortune - Chaos Avenue scroll.

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng began to break through the 996th floor again!

This time it's the Six Paths of Reincarnation!

It only took him 3 minutes and 54 seconds to pass the level successfully and obtained the treasure of good fortune - the Six Realms Avenue Scroll!

The whole place is completely fried!

Five SSS-level laws!

Everyone feels so crazy!

Even the proud young master like Capricorn was completely convinced.

Then, Qin Feng walked to the 997th floor𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Only the last three levels left!

Everyone was also nervous.

Chapter 773 If the Tao is complete, it is heaven!

At this moment, Qin Feng was also a little uneasy.

In the last eight levels, he has passed five levels in a row!

He has encountered five of the six SSS-level laws that he has mastered!

I wonder if the SSS-level rules encountered in the 997th floor will be mastered by yourself?

If not, it would be dangerous for him to break through!

Even if it only took him more than 3 minutes to break through a level, it was only after he mastered the corresponding SSS-level rules!

If you don't master it, the difficulty will be doubled dozens of times, or even a hundred times!

In this way, it will be difficult for him to pass the test!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

No matter what, he's going to break in!

Besides, his four avatars are still fighting with God Lucifer.

With the current strength of the four avatars, it can only be reluctant to hold on and remain undefeated, but it is not a long-term solution!

If he really wants to solve the problem, he may have to wait for him to be promoted to the False God realm!

At that time, Lucifer will naturally retreat.

Of course, if he can behead Lucifer, it would be the best!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked to the 997th floor!

He wants to speed up the assessment!

In just a moment, Qin Feng entered the 997th floor.

He hurriedly crossed his knees, quickly took out all his cards, and displayed the body of two ceremonies.

After doing this, he anxiously waited for Tiandao's prompt.

In the square, Feng Xi and others also waited anxiously.

By now, they have figured it out.

In the last eight levels, whether the master can pass the level has a great relationship with whether he masters the corresponding SSS-level rules!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi and the others were naturally nervous.

Di Jiang and Jumang clenched their hands tightly, their faces tense as they waited nervously for Tiandao's prompt.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...