Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 997th floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be started automatically. This floor will test the endless extraction of SSS level. Please prepare for the players.]

【Countdown: 3】

Boom~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the audience was in an uproar!

"Huh! Endless extraction? What SSS-level law is that?"

"I don't know! Never heard of it!"

"Yes! The old man has never heard of it!"

At this moment, the whole audience was at a loss.

Even Feng Xi and the girls were stunned!

They only know that Qin Feng has a secret technique that can extract skills and talents from corpses.

They didn't know that it was SSS-level endless extraction!

After all, that is Qin Feng's trump card from Wei Mo, and he will not reveal it to anyone easily.

Om~!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, a huge beam of light descended from the sky, covering the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body...

The examination has officially started!

The two main bodies immediately closed their eyes

At the same moment, the discussion in the square boiled up!

"Everyone, what is the SSS-level law of endless extraction? How come this old man has never heard of it!"

"I've never heard of it!"

"Yeah! Among the many SSS-level laws, there seems to be no such kind!"

People were puzzled.

On the other side, Jielin was also full of doubts.

With her family background, she has never heard of it.

"Cousin, have you heard of the SSS-level endless extraction law? Why have I never heard of it?"

Jielin couldn't help but ask.

Young Master Capricorn also frowned and shook his head again and again.

"I've never heard of it! As far as I know, there are forty-nine types of SSS-level laws, and forty-nine types of innate avenues can be advanced."

"And based on these forty-nine innate avenues, two thousand nine hundred and fifty one acquired avenues can be derived. The congenital avenues and the acquired avenues add up to exactly form the three thousand avenues."

"But neither the Innate Dao nor the Acquired Dao is derived from SSS-level endless extraction! This is also the first time I heard that there are SSS-level endless extraction laws in this world!"

The young master of Capricorn is full of emotion!

Jielin was surprised: "Why did Qin Feng let Qin Feng examine the endless extraction of SSS level?"

"This... hey! I don't know either!"

Young Master Capricorn smiled helplessly.

He couldn't understand what was going on either.

This is completely beyond his comprehension!

Not only him, but all the players were puzzled.

It turned out that some knowledgeable players have already extracted one of the forty-nine SSS-level rules, and there is no SSS endless extraction, and said it.

At this point, everyone knows, the more and more doubts in their hearts.

As a result, everyone began to worry that Qin Feng had failed this time.

After all, an SSS-level law that has never appeared, no one in this world can understand.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Then Qin Feng is naturally impossible to understand!

At the moment, there was a white-haired old man who asked Xiao Luan'er very politely.

"Little girl, this old man takes the liberty to ask. Has Lord Qin Feng mastered the SSS-level endless extraction rules?"

Xiao Luan'er scratched her little head and said with a sad face, "I don't know either!"

Hearing this, the old man took a deep breath: "I don't even know the girl, so it is unlikely that Master Qin Feng will grasp it!"

As soon as these words fell, the surroundings began to murmur.

"I also think that it is unlikely that Mr. Qin Feng will master the endless extraction of SSS! After all, that law is unheard of!"

"Yeah! Isn't this time of Tiandao's assessment difficult for a strong man?"

"Hey! Could it be that Tiandao didn't want to let Lord Qin Feng clear the customs, and set up such a difficulty on purpose?"

"It's hard to say! In short, Master Qin Feng is in trouble this time!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed!

But at this moment, on the stairs ahead, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The forbidden mask around Qin Feng shattered!

Boom~!

This time, the people in Dijiang suddenly cheered excitedly!

The whole place is completely fried!

Oh my God!

Lord Qin Feng has cleared the customs!

Could it be that he has mastered the SSS-level endless extraction rules?

Is there really such a rule in this world?

Everyone looked at each other in amazement!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's two main bodies also opened their eyes in surprise...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there are also reminders of the Tao of Heaven. . . .

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your realization of the rhythm of the endless extraction of SSS at this level, you have deepened your control over the endless extraction of SSS level, and the maximum number of extractions is +1…]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 997th step assessment within 10 minutes, congratulations on getting 10 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 2 minutes and 17 seconds in the 997th step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 5 Shenwu points]

Cleared in 2 minutes and 17 seconds!

This level is much smoother than the previous five levels!

However, this level of clearance did not increase the combat power, but only increased the upper limit of the number of extractions.

Before that, Qin Feng could extract the corpse of the Lord God up to 3 times.

Now it has become 4 times!

This is also an invisible boost!

Endless extraction, infinite magic!

Every main **** has its merits. The more you extract it, the more benefits Qin Feng will get.

For such a result, Qin Feng is already very satisfied

At the moment, his mind moved, and the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body merged into one.

Qin Feng appeared!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

【Congratulations for passing the assessment at this level! You have received the 6th special reward, the rewards are as follows….]

[Congratulations on getting a 'Super God Grade Soul Power' reward! 】

【Congratulations for getting 30 times luck reward! 】

[Congratulations on getting 5 'good luck treasure chests']

【Congratulations on getting the 'One Road Scroll'】

The 6th special reward is here!

Qin Feng smiled.

But what is the 'One Road'?

Qin Feng was a little puzzled.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a dazzling silver beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

Rewards have started!

Qin Feng closed his eyes involuntarily and happily accepted the reward

At the same time, there was already a heated discussion in the square!

Everyone is discussing, what exactly is the road of 'one'?

In the crowd, Jielin and Young Master Capricorn also discussed eagerly.

"Cousin, what is the avenue of 'one'? Why have you never heard of it?"

The young master of Capricorn frowned: "The way of 'one', is it?"

Muttering here, his eyes lit up, as if he had thought of something.

Jielin was curious: "Cousin, do you know something?"

Young Master Capricorn pondered: "If my guess is correct, this 'one' way is the way of 'one life, two, two, three, and three things'. This way is also the innate way, but it is the most mysterious innate way. avenue."

Jielin wondered: "Cousin, isn't there only forty-nine kinds of the innate avenues? But I clearly remember that there is no such a 'one' avenue among the forty-nine kinds!"

The young master of Capricorn shook his head slightly: "One Road is not among the forty-nine innate avenues, it is the fifty innate avenues!"

Jielin was even more surprised: "Fifty kinds? Cousin, isn't there only forty-nine kinds of Xiantian Dao?"

Young Master Capricorn took a deep breath and looked into the distance.

"My father once mentioned that there were originally fifty kinds of Xiantian Dao, but one of them escaped mysteriously, and no one in the world could get it!"

"Therefore, there is a saying in this world: Dao 5 is fifty, Tian Yan is forty-nine, one can escape, and one can be reborn: one produces two, two produces three, and three produces all things!"

"So that's how it is!" Jie Lin realized for a while.

Immediately, she said again: "Cousin, so you say, the mysterious 'one' avenue is going to appear on Qin Feng?"

Young Master Capricorn took a deep breath: "Yeah! If he can fully understand the 'One Road' scroll, he will get the 'One Road'. But"

Having said that, the young master of Capricorn hesitated.

Jielin anxiously said, "Cousin, but what?"

"that"

The young master of Capricorn sighed: "I once heard from my fathers that the Dao cannot be completed. Among the many universes, the most powerful people can only master forty-nine types of Dao. Those are the forty-nine types of heaven, which can allow people to comprehend ."

"The most mysterious kind of 'One Road' is not available to anyone. If anyone can get it, then it is possible."

"But what?" Jielin asked.

The young master of Capricorn sighed: "The Tao cannot be perfect, because there is only one of them! If the Tao is perfect, it is heaven!"

Boom~!