Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as these words came out, Jielin's delicate body was shocked!

What my cousin means is that Qin Feng has the opportunity to become a new heaven!

Because Qin Feng has the opportunity to master the 'One Road', which is the most mysterious fifty kinds of innate avenues!

Thinking of this, Jielin silently looked at Qin Feng with a look of incomparable awe

Chapter 774 Chief Daozi! Destiny Awakens!

It took a long time for Jielin to recover from the shock.

She couldn't help sighing: "Cousin, this Qin Feng has unlimited potential! He can't really become the Tao of Heaven, can he?"

The way of heaven is omniscient and omnipotent, surpassing the heavens!

Even those eternal existences that are inexhaustible are like ants in the face of heaven!

Heavenly Dao can erase all eternity with just one thought!

As long as she thinks about it, she feels terrifying!

The young master Capricorn also took a deep breath and said: "At present, it can only be said that Qin Feng has that potential. If he wants to become a new way of heaven, he must first realize the 'One Way', and secondly, he must realize the other forty-nine kinds. avenue."

"Only when the fifty great avenues are complete can he have the opportunity to become the Dao of Heaven. Once he becomes the Dao of Heaven, he is no longer a living being. As for what kind of existence, I can't imagine it!"

The young master of Capricorn sighs endlessly!

Later, the young master of Capricorn said: "Of course, those are all my speculations. I don't know if it is the case! However, one thing is clear! Lord Qin Feng, it is definitely not something I can provoke!"

At this moment, Young Master Capricorn's tone was full of respect, and he actually called Qin Feng 'sir'.

"yes!"

Jielin also agreed.

Now, her reverence for Qin Feng has surpassed everything!

"Cousin, I think that Lord Qin Feng is very hopeful to become a new way of heaven. His understanding is too strong! Now, he is only in the demigod realm, so he can get the great opportunity to understand the 'One Way'."

"In addition to this, he also mastered five SSS-level talents of bloodline, nine senses, good fortune, chaos, and six paths. Based on this calculation, it is not impossible for him to master the other forty-four SSS19-level talents in his lifetime!"

Young Master Capricorn nodded slightly: "It's true!"

At this moment, on the stairs of the 997th floor.

Qin Feng has already absorbed the 'Super God Grade Soul Power' reward, as well as the luck reward!

This made his combat power, soul power, and luck all skyrocket!

At this moment, the third beam of light fell!

Five Fortune-level treasure chests and a purple scroll slowly fell along the beam of light...

After a while, the treasure chest and scroll came to Qin Feng...

After he got the treasure chest, he opened 5 groups of Pluto's remnants, which were absorbed by the book of the present.

So far, the book of the present world has been upgraded to the best **** rank of 430,000/10,000.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such progress!

Then, he looked at the purple scroll...

[One Road Scroll: Fortune Level]

[After comprehending this scroll, SSS-level endless extraction can be promoted to 'One Road']

[One road, God chooses its people. Fifty avenues, forty-nine Tianyan, escape to one. The one who obtains this can be heaven]

[Reminder: Non-chief Daozi, no comprehension authority]

[Reminder: If the player cannot become the chief Daozi, this scroll will automatically disappear]

"Hey! This scroll is a little different?!"

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He can directly comprehend other Dao scrolls without any restrictions.

This avenue scroll actually has a threshold for enlightenment.

If he doesn't reach that threshold, it will disappear!

It seems that this avenue scroll is not simple!

"Whoever gets this one is heaven! What does this mean?"

Qin Feng is a little puzzled!

After thinking for a while, he put away the purple scroll.

He's too busy right now to think about that.

However, Qin Feng has realized that the 'One Road' is extremely extraordinary.

He must find a way to get the permission to comprehend this volume.

If you think about getting the authority, you have to become the chief Daozi, which is to win the first place in the 'Daozi Tianbang'.

Having said that, he now has more than 9 points in Shenwu, and it is no longer a problem to obtain a Daozi evaluation, and even entering the top ten of the Daozi Heaven Ranking is not a big problem.

As for whether it can win the first place on the list, it is hard to say!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and looked towards the 998th floor!

As long as he passed the more levels, the more Shenwu points he would get, and the greater the hope of winning the chief Daozi.

With this in mind, Qin Feng walked to the 998th floor.

However, this time he really lost his mind.

The six SSS-level rules he mastered corresponded to the first six levels, allowing him to pass the level smoothly.

This may be an intentional arrangement of Heavenly Dao, so that the players should have the strength to show as much as possible!

In the next two final levels, the SSS-level rules of the assessment must be something Qin Feng did not master.

Since there is no mastery, the difficulty of the assessment has increased dozens of times!

Does he still have a chance?

Qin Feng raised his head and looked at the golden stele at the top, with anticipation in his eyes.

He was just two steps away from the monument.

No matter what, he's going to go for it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked to the 998th floor...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, there was a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[It is detected that your luck value has reached 1013 times, exceeding 1 times the value, and your second title 'Lord of Destiny' has been promoted from intermediate to advanced]

[Congratulations on obtaining the Lord of Destiny (advanced title! You have obtained 300 million star combat power blessings]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Advanced)! You have received +20,000 Prestige Rewards]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Advanced)! The maximum number of times you can feed back your combat power has been increased to 20,000 times]

[Congratulations on getting the title of Lord of Destiny (Advanced)! You have automatically awakened the SSS-level law of destiny]

Om~!

As soon as this prompt came out, Tiandao dropped a golden beam of light, covering Qin Feng's whole body!

In the next second, his momentum began to skyrocket!

It lasted for a few minutes before the beam of light gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of ecstasy.

At this moment, he was promoted to the advanced master of destiny.

In this way, he automatically obtained the seventh SSS-level law - the law of destiny!

It's all so timely!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Mastering the Law of Destiny will not only be of great help to his next assessment.

It will also be of great benefit for him to be promoted to the Supreme Court of Hongmeng Judgment in the future.

Because from high-level Judgment Supreme, promotion to Hongmeng Judgment Supreme, you need to master the law of destiny!

Now, he has mastered it in advance.

How could this not make him happy!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Before Qin Feng is happy, the mutation in the field regenerates!

Void vibrates all around. One after another dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into his body...

[Reminder: Your servant Lin Ye’s combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back up]

[Reminder: Your servant Cui Ming…

...

Qin Feng laughed!

He was promoted to Senior Master of Destiny, and the upper limit of feedback soared from 10,000 to 20,000.

In this way, he can get another 14,000 combat power back!

In just a moment, Qin Feng has received feedback from a thousand people, and his combat power has increased a lot!

Then, the feedback came to an abrupt end!

He still has 9,000 people left to feed back.

It's just that the number of children who have reached this combat power is not enough.

Today, only 11,000 disciples of Long Yuan's combat power have broken through 500,000 stars.

However, Qin Feng was not in a hurry.

The 100,000 Longyuan disciples have all entered the Temple of Creation and are entering the Shenwu assessment.

When those disciples are promoted to the demigod realm, they should all be able to break through 500,000 stars.

At that time, he will get 9,000 feedbacks again.

Having said that, he has improved continuously this time, and his strength has improved tremendously!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel with anticipation and looked at it...

【Reputation】: 83,000 points

[Combat Strength]: 6.811 billion

[Soul Strength]: God King 4.71%

The combat power has reached 6.811 billion stars!

As a result, the combat power of the four clones has reached 5.5 billion stars.

If coupled with the blessing of the power of chaos, the comprehensive combat power is comparable to 5.8 billion stars!

When the four avatars join forces again, it is difficult for Lucius to deal with them.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Then, he closed the panel and continued to walk to the 998th floor

In the square, everyone watched nervously again!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to go to the 998th floor and prepare for the assessment.

Soon, a reminder came from Tiandao

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 998th floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be automatically started. This floor will test the SSS-level law of destiny. Please be prepared.]

【Countdown: 3】