Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Sure enough!

Qin Feng showed a knowing smile.

Tiandao intends to give players the opportunity to show all their strengths as much as possible.

This test is the law of fate!

Then his clearance is not a problem!

At the moment, as soon as he thought about it, he displayed the body of 110 liangyi.

Immediately afterwards, a huge beam of light fell, covering the polar anode body and the polar cathode body.

The two main bodies hurriedly closed their eyes and officially opened the assessment.

At the same moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

Thousands of spectators were watching the battle in the starry sky nervously.

At this time, many people are more and more excited.

They also noticed that the four avatars are getting stronger and stronger!

Lucifer's advantage is getting smaller and smaller!

They don't understand what's going on?

But this situation makes them very happy.

They have high hopes for Qin Feng, and naturally they don't want Qin Feng to be in trouble.

It's just that these spectators didn't know that the four fighting people were not Qin Feng's body.

The real Qin Feng is still participating in the assessment in the Temple of Creation.

If Qin Feng really came out, Lucifer would be in danger.

Bang~!

At this moment, there was another loud bang in front of the sky!

A hundred miles of starry sky, all shattered!

That is the four avatars and Lucifer, facing each other again!

In the next second, the four avatars were blasted away by more than seven thousand feet!

Lucifer also retreated a thousand feet!

Seeing this scene, the audience exclaimed!

"My God! Lord Qin Feng has become stronger again!"

"Yes! This time I only retreated more than seven thousand feet!"

At this moment, everyone is excited!

In the starry sky, Lucius was also extremely surprised.

Why are these four little thieves getting stronger and stronger!

Mystery!

It is definitely some kind of secret technique that sacrifices potential in exchange for combat power!

And this kind of secret art can't last!

Thinking of this, Lucifer sneered: "Qin Feng little thief! Don't think that you used some kind of secret technique, the deity can't see it! The deity has to see, how long can you hold on!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, he slaughtered the four clones again.

The four major points are snickering in body and mind!

This guy is so self-righteous!

They were really worried that Lucius noticed something was wrong and slipped away ahead of time.

If Lucius wanted to escape, they really had no choice.

But as long as you don't escape, who will kill the deer is still unknown?

At the moment, the four avatars take the initiative to fight and go away

Chapter 775 Comprehend Promise! Talent fusion!

In this way, the four avatars and Lucifer fought again!

The two sides only killed the starry sky, and the void vibrated, which was extremely fierce!

The Blue Star Realm not far away has been trembling slightly.

Tens of thousands of spectators, only to watch with trepidation!

It didn't take long for the four avatars to increase in strength again!

Everyone was shocked!

It turns out that Qin Feng has passed the 998th floor and his strength has improved.

At this moment, in the Temple of Fortune.

On the square, people were looking at the front in amazement.

Just now, Master Qin Feng successfully cleared the customs, which took about 4 minutes.

In other words, Master Qin Feng has mastered seven SSS-level laws!

Even if there are thousands of **** kings in the world, few can achieve this level!

This is really amazing!

The people are in awe!

In fact, they have long been numb, and only sigh and sigh in their hearts!

At this time, the 998th floor stairs.

Qin Feng is receiving the seventh special reward!

He has absorbed the 'super god-quality soul power' and is receiving the empowerment of air luck

After a while, the luck reward is over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After absorbing the seventh special reward, his combat power skyrocketed to 6.891 billion stars!

In addition, his luck increased to 1043 times, and his soul power increased to 6.31% of the God King.

The improvement of luck and soul power is the improvement of comprehension!

This is a great help for his final test.

Om~!

At this moment, another white beam of light descended from the sky!

Five Fortune-level treasure chests and a silver scroll slowly fall along the beam of light

After a while, the treasure chest and scroll came to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng looked at the silver scroll

[Road of Destiny Scroll: Fortune Level]

[After comprehending this scroll, you can upgrade the 'SSS-level Law of Destiny' to the 'Road of Destiny']

Another avenue scroll!

Qin Feng smiled and put it away with satisfaction.

Afterwards, he directly opened the five treasure chests and obtained five more groups of 'Pluto Remnant Spirits'.

After the "Book of the World" has absorbed the five groups of residual spirits, its progress will be raised to the top-grade **** rank of 453,000/10,000.

He is very satisfied with this progress.

The Book of the World is the most promising treasure among all his treasures, and he is very much looking forward to it.

After collecting the "Book of the Present World", Qin Feng looked at the 999th floor

Just one last level left!

He was only one step away from the mysterious golden stele.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

With this in mind, Qin Feng walked to the 999th floor

In the square, everyone immediately quieted down, holding their breaths one by one, watching nervously.

In the crowd, Di Jiang and Jumang were even more nervous.

After all, they are too young, and their emotional control is not as good as those of adults.

Soon, Qin Feng set foot on the 999th floor.

As soon as he went up the stairs, he hurriedly sat cross-legged.

Then, he summoned the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' and sacrificed the pages of the Book of the World, the Book of Life and Death, and the Book of the Future.

Boom~Long~Long~!

After completing those preparations, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the 999th floor. After 3 seconds, the comprehension test will be started automatically. This floor will test the SSS-level Creation Law, please prepare for the competition]

【Countdown: 3】

It turns out that this test is based on the Law of Creation!

And if he wants to activate the 'Master of the Universe' mission, the last **** condition is to master the SSS-level 'law of creation'.

He has always felt that there is no way!

Unexpectedly, the last test is this rule.

correct!

Through the comprehension of the Dao Yun of Creation at this level, he might be able to awaken to the Law of Creation.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he felt that the possibility was not small.

It is also a great opportunity to understand the rhythm of the creation of the world!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly became enthusiastic, and the whole person's fighting spirit came up.

Then, when he thought about it, the whole person was divided into two.

The very positive body and the very negative body appeared!

Om~!

At this moment, a huge beam of light descended from the sky, covering the two main bodies.

The two main bodies hurriedly closed their eyes

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the monstrous power of Dao rhyme poured into the sea of ​​consciousness of the two main bodies like a tide.

The thoughts of the two main bodies also poured into the Dao Rhyme of Creation in an instant, and began to understand the Dao Rhyme.

Soon, magical illusions appeared in the sea of ​​​​knowledge of the two main bodies.

There are groundbreaking scenes!

There are earth, fire, water, wind, and the scene of the evolution of the world!

There is also the law of life that derives all things, and there is also the law of death that constructs reincarnation!

All things, from nothing to existence, and from existence to nothingness, are extremely miraculous

Those are the rhymes of creation!

Qin Feng looked a little foggy and frowned.