Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

This time, unlike the previous seven levels, as soon as he came into contact with Dao Yun, he immediately immersed himself in epiphany.

After all, he has mastered the corresponding SSS-level rules in the first seven levels.

This level, he did not master the corresponding laws, the difficulty is naturally not small.

However, it was not as clueless as he thought.

The thoughts of the two main bodies, after silently observing the illusion for a while, actually had some insights.

Before he knew it, he had touched some thresholds!

In fact, his soul power and luck are too strong, and his understanding is terrifyingly strong.

The Law of Creation consists of many S-level and SS-level laws.

Of those S-level and SS-level laws, he has understood most of them.

This gives him a solid foundation!

Because of this, the two main bodies have some enlightenment after observing the illusion of Dao Yun.

It seems that a breakthrough has been found, and the two main bodies are overjoyed, and immediately fully immerse themselves in the perception.

At the same time, above the square.

Everyone is silently watching Qin Feng's assessment.

At this time, the field is quiet!

Everyone had a tacit understanding and did not dare to shout loudly, for fear of disturbing Qin Feng.

In the crowd, Jielin couldn't help muttering.

"Cousin, this last test is about the Law of Creation! Didn't you say before that the golden stele at the top was called the 'God of Creation'! I thought that the stele was related to the Law of Creation~. ."

The young master of Capricorn said: "The stele of creation is the name given by the great powers of all parties. What is its name and what role it does, no one really knows. After all, no one has ever been able to break into the top, so naturally they don't know. Its real name."

"However, one thing is certain! The entire universe is just such a mysterious monument. In the major temples of creation, there are projections of it. This is a secret announced by Tiandao."

Jielin suddenly said: "So that's the case! By the way, cousin, do you think Master Qin Feng can pass this level?"

"I don't know that either!"

Young Master Capricorn shook his head and smiled bitterly.

Today, Qin Feng's image in his mind is unfathomable.

He no longer dared to talk nonsense, and some were just in awe.

However, Qin Feng has successfully completed seven levels in a row, all of which were completed within 10 minutes.

This fully shows that Qin Feng has mastered seven SSS-level laws, otherwise it would not be so fast.

At the moment, the young master of Capricorn sighed: "Cousin, Lord Qin Feng can't guess, whether he can pass through, I will see it later."

"That's right!"

Jielin nodded slightly.

For now, the cousins ​​continue to watch!

The people around were watching silently.

The atmosphere in the field is a little tense!

Time passed by like that.

In a blink of an eye, five minutes passed!

There is no movement in Qin Feng's perception!

There was a little commotion in the field.

In the previous levels, Qin Feng could have cleared the level within five minutes.

This time, it took a little longer!

It seems that this level is a bit difficult for Mr. Qin Feng!

Everyone muttered in their hearts and continued to watch silently.

time flies!

Seven minutes passed, and Qin Feng still did not move!

8 minutes passed, and Qin Feng still didn't move!

In the blink of an eye, 10 minutes passed, and Qin Feng still did not break the level.

This time has greatly exceeded the previous ten levels, and even the first-level reward time limit has been exceeded.

This time, the field began to riot.

The crowd kept mumbling!

Even the little guys Di Jiang and Jumang were a little uneasy.

In the crowd, Jielin and the young master of Capricorn also talked uneasily.

"."Cousin, it has been more than 10 minutes, and Lord Qin Feng has not shown any signs of comprehension. This situation is not good!"

The young master of Capricorn nodded slightly: "Yes! Judging from the previous seven levels, with the understanding of Lord Qin Feng, as long as he masters the corresponding SSS-level rules, he will be able to clear the level within 10 minutes!"

"He hasn't cleared the level for more than 10 minutes this time. This shows a problem, that is, he has not mastered the corresponding law of creation!"

Jielin's face changed slightly: "That's it! The situation is not good for Sir Qin Feng!"

The young master of Capricorn sighed: "Hey! It's really not good! I hope he eh! That is"

Halfway through the words, the young master of Capricorn looked forward in surprise.

I saw this moment, on the 999th floor stairs.

Qin Feng's two main bodies opened their eyes at the same time, and there was a hint of joy in their eyes.

But the Dao rhyme around them was forbidden, and there was no sign of cracking.

Seeing this scene, Young Master Capricorn was a little puzzled.

At this time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge was echoing the reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Reminder: Congratulations, you have gained insight from the Dao Yun of Creation! You have awakened the S-level law - the law of the infinite]

[Reminder: The S-level Promise Law of your awakening, the S-level life law, and the S-level law of opening the sky are automatically merged into the SS-level creation law]

Hearing the prompt, the two main bodies smiled.

Wuji begets Taiji, Taiji begets all things!

The infinite law is the beginning of the creation of all things!

After the previous insights, Qin Feng successfully realized the Law of Promise, and thus obtained the SS-level creation law.

Next, he has to obtain the SSS-level Creation Law.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took out a golden card from the storage ring.

That is the talent fusion card of the 'SSS-level Law of Creation'!

It is exactly what Qin Feng won from Young Master Yexi through gambling.

Now, it's finally working!

The SSS-level Creation Law is a fusion of the 'SS-level Space-Time Law' and the 'SS-level Creation Law'.

Qin Feng has long mastered the 'SS-level space-time law', and now he has realized the 'SS-level creation law', so he can naturally use the **** card.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body broke the blood and blood, dripping to the talent fusion card

Om~!

In the next second, the divine card turned into a golden light and poured into the body of Jiyang.

Boom~Long~Long~Play!

Immediately afterwards, a new power of SSS-level law radiated from him, and the momentum was earth-shattering.

Chapter 776 The Lord of the Universe! Cause and effect monument!

At the same moment, Tiandao's prompt also came...

【Use the talent fusion card successfully! Your 'SS-level Creation Law' is being merged with the 'SS-level Space-Time Law']

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations on your awakening of the SSS-level law of creation! You have received the permanent blessing of the power of 100 million star laws! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

The power of the law shakes!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

After a while, all the visions slowly disappeared.

The extremely positive body and the extremely negative body opened their eyes at the same time, and their faces were full of joy.

The Awakening of the Law of Creation succeeded!

Also got 100 million star power of law!

It's so powerful!

What's even better is that he has mastered the law of creation, and the next level is much easier.

With this in mind, Qin Feng is ready to continue to pass the level!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Task reminder: It is detected that you have awakened the SSS-level law of creation, congratulations on completing all the **** conditions! 】

[Task reminder: congratulations on activating the SSS-level task - Lord of the Universe]

[Reminder: This task is a training task until you are trained as the master of the universe]

[Reminder: The first phase of the mission has been announced, which can be viewed in the mission channel]

[Reminder: Every time you complete a mission in a stage, there will be rich rewards]

Boom~!

After listening to the news, the eyes of the two main bodies lit up, and they were all surprised!

Lord of the universe!

Finally activated this quest!

This is actually a training task, and there are rich rewards at each stage!

The benefits are huge.

Becoming the master of a universe is a lot higher than being the master of a star field.

Qin Feng gets more excited the more he thinks about it!

He can't wait to check the content of the task immediately.

However, he has to continue to pass the level, and there is no time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's two main bodies hurriedly closed their eyes and accelerated their understanding...

Above Plaza 503, everyone was puzzled when they saw that scene.

"Everyone, what was Lord Qin Feng doing just now?"

"The old man saw that he used a magic card, it is estimated that he is using the last hole card!"

"should be!"

"I didn't expect that the last level was so difficult that it forced Lord Qin Feng to use his trump card again."

"Yeah! It seems that Lord Qin Feng did not master the law of creation, so he had to play his cards."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked worried.

Without mastering the corresponding rules, the difficulty of breaking through the level will be increased dozens of times.