Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Even if you use some hole cards, it may not be useful!

Among the crowd, Di Jiang, Jumang and others were even more worried.

"Sister, can Dad succeed this time?"

Di Jiang looked at Xiao Luan'er with an uneasy expression.

"Don't worry! Dad has never disappointed anyone! This time, he will definitely be able to pass the level!"

Xiao Luan'er touched his brother's little head and comforted the little guy.

Qi Yue also nodded firmly: "That's right! The master will definitely succeed!"

Her tone was confident.

Along the way, she witnessed Qin Feng creating countless miracles.

Presumably, this time will be no exception!

Feng Xi also took a deep breath and said, "If only the master could pass it! That's the last level! Passing it, the master will be able to comprehend the mystery of the golden stele!"

"Yeah! That golden stele should be the comprehension test area, it's the biggest secret! I don't know what is recorded on the stele?"

Qingchengzi looked curiously at the golden stele in the distance.

He could vaguely see a lot of divine inscriptions on the tablet, but he couldn't see what it was.

It is rumored that only after passing through the 999th floor and reaching the top floor can the contents on it be seen clearly.

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi became even more curious.

Qi Yue, Feng Xi and the others were all curious about the divine monument.

As long as Qin Feng succeeds in breaking through the level, he will be able to spy on the secrets of the monument!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, on the 999th floor, the forbidden masks around the two main bodies began to crack!

"Hey! That's..." Young Master Capricorn immediately sensed something different.

Di Jiang and Jumang also exclaimed in unison.

"Sister! Look at Dad!"

They also sensed something different.

In this square, the strongest is the young master Capricorn.

The second is Dijiang and Jumang!

The strength of the two little guys is not ordinary, all of them have broken 80,000 stars.

With their reminder, Xiao Luan'er and the others all looked up...

Kacha~!

At this moment, there was a crisp sound!

The forbidden masks around the two main bodies burst into pieces!

The audience exclaimed!

"Broken! Broken! Lord Qin Feng has broken the level!"

"Oh my god! Lord Qin Feng has really cleared the customs!"

"That's to clear the 999th floor!"

"I'm afraid no one will think of it, there are really people in this world who can pass the 999th floor!"

"Yes! Lord Qin Feng is amazing!"

At this moment, everyone is very excited!

They witnessed the birth of a miracle with their own eyes!

Several people in Dijiang cheered excitedly.

On the other side, Jielin was also sighed.

"Cousin, Lord Qin Feng really broke through!"

"Yeah! In this universe, no one has ever been able to break into the 512th floor. Master Qin Feng has cleared all the customs. It's really shocking! Soon, he will be able to know the secret of the golden stele."

The young master of Capricorn sighs endlessly!

His tone was full of infinite admiration.

Jielin also showed envy.

At the same moment, above the 999 stairs.

Qin Feng's two main bodies also opened their eyes with joy.

Tiandao's reminder also came...

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the SSS Creation Law of this layer, your control over the SSS Creation Law is deepened, and the combat power is +30,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the 999th step assessment within 30 minutes, congratulations on getting 5 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 13 minutes and 51 seconds in the 999th step assessment, and obtained the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 5 Shenwu points]

It's all over finally!

The two main bodies are combined into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

Om~!

At this moment, the assessment token in his hand lit up with a faint light, and the information inside was updated.

Qin Feng excitedly picked it up and checked

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

[Pass the level]: Step 999

[Cumulative score]: 3532 points

[Demigod Realm Assessment]: 6255 points

[Continuous assessment reward]: 2 points

[Total points]: 9987 points

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

With a total score of 9987 points, it is already a matter of iron stick for him to win the sub-level evaluation!

However, his goal is the chief Daozi!

Only by becoming the chief Daozi can he have the right to comprehend the 'One Road' scroll.

This is also his next goal!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

【Congratulations for passing the assessment at this level! You have received the 8th special reward, the rewards are as follows]

【Congratulations for getting a super god-grade soul power reward】

【Congratulations for getting 30 times luck reward】

【Congratulations on getting 5 Fortune-level treasure chests】

【Congratulations on getting the scroll of the Avenue of Creation】

The 8th reward has arrived!

Soon, the sky will shake!

A beam of light descends from the sky...

Qin Feng happily accepted the reward...

After a few minutes, he digested all the rewards, and his strength skyrocketed again!

Now, the most urgent thing for him to do is to improve his strength.

The four avatars are still fighting with God Lucifer!

The two sides have been killing each other!

With this in mind, he opened the panel and checked...

[Combat Strength]: 77.1 billion

[Air Luck]: 1073 times

The combat power has exceeded 7 billion stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

In this way, the combat power of the four avatars can reach about 5.7 billion stars.

In fact, the combined strength of the four avatars at this time is already on par with Lucifer.

Neither side can do anything about the other, and the battle is in a stalemate!

This also gave Qin Feng a sigh of relief!

At least, he doesn't have to worry about the battle outside.

Next, he should go to see the mysterious golden monument.

Qin Feng looked up at the top **** monument, showing a look of anticipation.

One of the most mysterious treasures in the Temple of Fortune is this monument!

He wanted to see, what was recorded on the monument?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the top...

At the same moment, in the square, everyone was excited.

Lord Qin Feng is finally going to check the monument!

For so many years, the secret of the divine monument, which has been unknown for so many years, is estimated to be made public!

At this thought, everyone held their breath and watched curiously.

In the crowd, the young master Capricorn also looked curious.

He also wanted to know, what was inscribed on the monument?

Soon, Qin Feng jumped to the top and walked towards the golden statue.

When he was only ten feet away from the golden stele, he finally saw the four big characters on the top of the stele—the stele of cause and effect!

"The God of Cause and Effect? ​​What is this?"

Qin Feng was curious and looked down.

I saw that under the four big characters "Cause and Cause God Monument", there were rows of complex divine inscriptions with very small fonts.

There seemed to be a mysterious force blocking him from watching.

Only ten feet apart, he could not see the lines of small characters!

At the moment, he strode forward.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

When he approached the distance of nine feet, he could finally see the small print!

Qin Feng was excited and wanted to study.

Om~!

But at this moment, the **** monument lit up with a dazzling golden light, and the momentum was continuous!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Then, the sky shook!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao echoed over the entire examination area...