Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This made the people of Longyuan Village work harder.

At the same time, people in other villages in District 1 were envious of Longyuan Village.

Lighthouse, Asan, Occidental, Sakurajima, Nanbang, those dog things are inevitably sour.

And those villages of Longguo people are proud of Longyuan Village, and they can't wait to join Longyuan Village.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, five hours have passed, and it is less than an hour before dawn.

Qin Feng finally finished dismantling those wooden houses.

A total of 823 units of wood and 411 units of stone were obtained. The harvest can be said to be overwhelming.

He was very satisfied, and then clicked on the village resource library.

At this point, he saw that there were a lot of barbecue meat, animal skins, iron ore and other resources in the resource library, as well as a few tier 1 spirit grasses.

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and quickly exchanged the few tier 1 spirit grasses.

Then, he exchanged 2 units of animal skins and 1 unit of iron ore.

At this point, he has almost got all the resources to upgrade the wooden house to level 2, and there is only one ice stone left.

At this time, he was surprised to find that there was no wood or stone in the resource bank.

Look at the chat channel again, the chat has already exploded.

"Oops! You guys are too fast! A little bit of wood appeared just now, and I was exchanged by you before I could react."

"Yeah! I'm so worried! What I lack most now is wood and stone, and I have all the animal skins."

"What I'm missing is wood and stone!"

"Woooo! I'm still short of 6 units of wood and 3 units of stone, so I can upgrade. Brothers, raise your hands, and let the younger sister upgrade the wooden house first!"

"The girl upstairs, there are 937 people in the village, and there are about 400 female members. If you let me, what will happen to the others?"

"That's right! Everything depends on the speed of the hand, and it's up to fate!"

"Woo! But your boys' hands are too fast, we girls can't grab it! The little wood and stone that finally appeared, were taken away by your boys before they responded to encouragement."

"Hehe! Our hand speed was also trained on Blue Star."

Some boys grinned wickedly.

"Hey! Timber and stone are so hard to come by!"

"Yeah! At this rate, when will I be able to upgrade the cabin? I'm so anxious!"

"Brothers and sisters, it's not that wood and stone are difficult to obtain. It is really upgrading the wooden house. The consumption of wood and stone accounts for the majority, which is in short supply."

"Yeah! Brothers who are logging and quarrying, I hope you can do more to speed up the efficiency!"

"Hey! I've been cutting wood in the field, my hands are about to break, and I can't keep up with your needs!"

"Me too! I'm still quarrying! It's so tiring! Your demand is too great!"

"Fuck~! It can't go on like this! I don't kill monsters! I also go to cut wood. Otherwise, I don't know when I can upgrade the wooden house!"

But just after these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Village Chief Qin Feng contributed 723 units of wood to Longyuan Village and obtained 723 contribution points. 】

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 361 units of stone to Longyuan Village and obtained 361 contribution points. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the entire channel was instantly fried.

"Wow! Boss! Boss Qin Feng is showing his power!"

"My God! A lot of wood and stone!"

"It's amazing! The boss is amazing! How did he get so many resources?"

"Fuck~! What are you hesitating about? Grab it! Hurry up and grab it!"

"Haha! I've exchanged for wood, and I can upgrade the wooden house!"

"Haha! I also grabbed the stone!"

"I have enough wood and stone, I can finally upgrade the log house!"

"Woooo! So excited! So happy! I can finally upgrade the wooden house!"

"It's all thanks to the boss's help!"

"Brother Qin Feng, little sister loves you!"

At this moment, everyone cheered and was extremely excited.

At the same time, they also admired Qin Feng so much.

They couldn't imagine that Qin Feng could collect so much wood and stone in such a short period of time.

How is this done?

At the same time, the land of the lost village,

Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile when he saw the cheerful atmosphere in the chat channel.

If you want to upgrade a village to level 1, you must have more than 100 novice cabins at level 1.

Therefore, it is necessary for his resources to be contributed.

Only in this way can the number of 1-level wooden houses reach the upgrade standard as soon as possible.

Upgrading a village to level 1 is what Qin Feng must do.

Because only level 1 villages can build guardian altars.

That is the biggest reliance on resisting the assessment of the Heavenly Punisher.

"Okay! The wood and stone are given to them. As for who can grab it, it depends on their own luck."

Qin Feng smiled and left the chat channel.

Hope they can finish the cabin upgrade soon!

Qin Feng looked up and looked around again, and he was already bare.

The entire village has been cleaned up by him, and the harvest is extremely rich.

Today, his accumulated contribution points have reached 1107 points.

In addition, he also left 100 units of wood and 50 units of stone for spare.

These are enough for him to upgrade the cabin to level 2.

He was only missing an ice stone now.

Those will be dealt with after dawn!

With this in mind, Qin Feng used 'one key to return to the village'.

After a while, a flash of white light flashed, and he disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in his novice cabin.

When he appeared, he was delighted to discover that great changes had taken place in his wooden house.

The area has doubled in size.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The yellow mud floor becomes a smooth and flat wooden floor.

The dirty and black wooden wall has become a neat thick wooden wall.

The room was no longer empty, but a large wooden bed was added.

It is covered with a mattress made of animal fur, which looks very comfortable.

"This is a Grade 1 cabin. Not bad! Not bad! It finally looks like it!"

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin: In the non-sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is doubled; in the sleep state, the recovery speed is tripled. 】

Two days and two nights!

Qin Feng was already tired.

Even though he is extremely powerful, he can't keep up with sleepless nights.

It's time to rest!

Besides, the bed looks very comfortable.

Ha ha!

At the moment, Qin Feng lay down on his head.

Maybe because he was really tired, he fell asleep within a minute of lying down.

Time flies!

When Qin Feng woke up, the sky was already bright.

He only slept for less than an hour, but with the assistance of the first-class wooden house, he slept for five hours.

Now, he is in good spirits and in the best condition.

"As expected of a first-class wooden house! I only slept for more than an hour, and my state returned to the peak. This saved me a lot of time!"

Qin Feng was very satisfied with the wooden house.

By the way, it's been so long, how is the progress of the village?

With this in mind, he opened the 'village chief operation interface' again.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 0

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice king)

[Village population]: 937 people

【Public buildings】: 0.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 67 seats.

[Level 0 Novice Cabin]: 870 seats.

good! good!

It's only been one night!

The number of first-level wooden houses in Longyuan Village has reached 67, which is not far from the goal of 100.

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: District 4555, Village No. 379 officially established a village and changed its name to 'Angelo Village' in District 4555. This name is exclusive. 】

[Announcement to the whole world: The number of villages established in the Blue Star Realm has reached 100, and the villages built after that will no longer be publicized. 】

Fuck it~!

There are 100 seats so soon!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

Thinking about it, Blue Star has tens of billions of people, and many of them have awakened talents above S rank.

As long as those who have awakened talents above the S level are eligible to become super strong, and have the ability to build a village in a short period of time.

In addition, there are some superpowers.

Such as vampires, werewolves, monks, ascetic monks, ninjas, various religious people.

These people are already very strong, and if they awaken the talents of S rank and above, they will be even stronger.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He can foresee that after the novice assessment period is over, he will compete with all superpowers to dominate the Blue Star Realm.