Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Congratulations to the contestants for activating the challenge opportunity of the 'Cause and Effect Monument']

[The God of Cause and Effect: Fortune-level, the wonders of heaven and earth, born from innateness, this is the only one in this universe]

[Reminder: Comprehend the God of Karma, you can get the Avenue of Karma]

[Reminder: In the heavens and the world, there are forty-nine innate avenues in the sky, and the cause and effect avenues are ranked first! Comprehension is the most difficult! 】

[Reminder: If the contestant can comprehend 1% of the rhythm of karma within 1 minute, they can obtain the 'Cause and Effect Monument' to recognize the master]

[Reminder: If the player does not realize 1% within 1 minute, but realizes 1% within 10 minutes, the God of Karma Monument will not recognize the master, but the player will be rewarded with the "Road of Karma" scroll]

[Reminder: The Taoist rhythm information in the God of Karma tablet is the most complete, and it is a hundred times easier to comprehend the 'sacred tablet' than to comprehend the 'scroll']

[Reminder: Dao scroll, Dao Cheng scroll pin. Cause and effect **** monument, eternal and immortal]

[Reminder: Failure to comprehend 1% of the karma for more than 10 minutes will result in failure of the challenge]

Boom~!

As soon as this announcement came out, the audience was a sensation!

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

Chapter 777 Epiphany of cause and effect! Road promotion!

After the surprise, Qin Feng was a little worried again!

He needs to realize 1% of the karma rhyme within 1 minute, and then the 'Cause God Monument' will recognize him as the master!

This is too difficult!

He didn't master the SSS-level causal laws, and he didn't even understand what causation was!

How does this challenge him? !

But before he thought about it, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Athletes please get ready! Challenge timer starts: 0…]

Qin Feng was shocked!

The challenge is about to begin, time is precious, he can't delay it!

In this way, Qin Feng was chased and put on the shelves!

He didn't have time to think about it at all, and looked directly at the sacred monument, the dense lines of small characters - the divine script.

Those divine inscriptions interpret all the rhymes of the Dao of Cause and Effect!

"Huh! It turns out..."

After reading the two lines, Qin Feng seemed to have discovered something, and his eyes lit up with excitement.

At the moment, he seized the time and read quickly.

After seeing the eleventh line of divine scriptures, he laughed.

It turns out that the "Road of Cause and Effect" has a lot to do with the number of human beings.

A person's past, present, and future must involve thousands of cause and effect.

Changing the "cause" of the past will affect the "effect" of the present.

Just like the first embrace of a blood family, changing the "cause" of the past can turn those who accept the "first embrace" into their own blood descendants.

This gets a causal change!

In the same way, he can see what will happen in the future, and he can infer what will happen now.

This is the extension of "effect" to "cause", which is also an application of cause and effect.

In other words, the various changes in humanity are an important part of the Dao of Cause and Effect.

If a person can grasp the 'number of humanities' and comprehend the rhythm of one percent of the karma, it is really easy!

In Qin Feng's hands, there are pages of the book of the present, the book of life and death, and the book of the future, which control the number of humanity in the present, the past, and the future, respectively.

In other words, it is too easy for Qin Feng to comprehend the 1% cause and effect.

This challenge opportunity seems to be prepared for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Then, with a wave of his hand, he summoned the pages of the Book of the Present World, the Book of Life and Death, and the Book of the Past.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In the next second, the three sacred books turned into three golden lights and merged into his body.

Immediately afterwards, three completely different humanistic thoughts poured into his sea of ​​consciousness, assisting him in comprehending the rhythm of cause and effect!

In this way, Qin Feng comprehends the contents of the stele, and at the same time comprehends various humanistic connotations.

Comparing the two, he quickly entered a state of epiphany...

There was also a smile on Qin Feng's face.

The feeling of enlightenment is so wonderful!

At this moment, his heart was filled with inexplicable comfort, and the whole person was hungry for enlightenment...

At the same moment, on the square, the frying pan was already over!

Everyone was having a heated discussion.

"My God! That golden stele actually controls the Dao of Karma!"

"The Dao of Karma is the first of many innate avenues! It is the most difficult Dao to understand!"

"It is rumored that if you have mastered the 'Dao of Cause and Effect', you will be able to keep the cause and effect away from your body, and you will not be able to see all the laws. No one knows when you came, and no one knows where you are going. It's amazing!"

"The Dao of Karma! It's a child's play to be afraid of half-step eternity!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed!

On the other side, Jielin and Young Master Capricorn were also very emotional.

"Cousin, it turns out that the golden stele is called the 'Cause and Effect God Stele', not the 'Creation God Stele'!"

The young master of Capricorn sighed: "I finally know its real name. It is much more precious than people think!"

Jie Lin nodded slightly: "Yes! Cousin, the 'Cause and Effect Dao' is the head of the forty-nine innate Dao, and even half a step of eternity is afraid of it, and its comprehension is far more difficult than other Dao! Cousin, what do you think, Can Master Qin Feng complete the challenge?"

"This," the young master of Capricorn smiled bitterly.

Then, he said with certainty: "It shouldn't be possible! In 10 minutes, I want to realize the 1% karma rhyme, which is ten times more difficult than the last eight levels!"

Jielin was shocked: "It's so difficult! What if Master Qin Feng has mastered the SSS-level causal law?"

The young master Capricorn still shook his head: "It's probably not enough! Besides, I have never heard of someone who can master the SSS-level causal law within half a step of eternity. Don't underestimate the difficulty of comprehending cause and effect!"

The voice just fell, and an exclamation sounded in the field!

"Hey! Look! What is Master Qin Feng doing?"

Hearing this exclamation, everyone followed the sound and saw that Qin Feng had stopped comprehending and walked directly to the monument.

When he walked to the stele, he placed his palm on the stele in full view, as if he was entering something?

Om~!

Before everyone could see it clearly, the divine monument lit up with a dazzling golden light and vibrated violently!

"Huh! This is?"

"In the end what happened?"

The crowd was astonished.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded over the entire examination area...

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who realized 1% of the 'causal rhyme' in 1 minute! Successfully completed the challenge! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this notification came out, the audience was extremely shocked!

Everyone has their mouths open!

Gosh!

They heard it right!

Master Qin Feng succeeded in the challenge? !

In the crowd, the young master Capricorn was even more dumbfounded!

The whole person was stunned on the spot!

He could hardly believe his ears!

At this moment, the whole place is quiet!

It was as if the air was freezing!

It turned out that when Qin Feng pressed his palm on the tablet before, he wanted to input the power of cause and effect that he realized into the tablet to verify the results.

Under the verification, he challenged successfully!

At this moment, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng for completing the challenge within 1 minute and getting a super reward, the content is below]

[Reward 1: Reward once the supreme god-grade soul power]

[Reward 2: Reward 1 Divine Martial Point]

[Reward 3: Reward 50 times the luck value]

[Reward 4: Recognize the Lord of the God of Cause and Effect]Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The last challenge has a special reward!

What an unexpected surprise!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook, and a pillar of golden light fell on Qin Feng...

The rewards have begun!

Qin Feng's momentum began to soar!

Then, another Qi Luck light beam fell...

[The absorption of the 'Supreme Divine Grade Soul Power' succeeded! Your combat power has increased +80,000 stars]

[The absorption of the 'Supreme Divine Grade Soul Power' succeeded! The strength of your soul body is increased to 11.7% in the God King Realm]

[Successful absorption of 'Luck Rewards'! You get 50 times the luck, your luck is increased to 1123 times]

【You have received 1 Shenwu points reward! Your total points have reached 187 points]

After a long time, all the visions gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Then, he looked up at the **** monument in front of him.

This is the biggest gain!

As long as this stele recognizes the master, it is only a matter of time before he realizes the 'causal avenue'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the monument...

Om~!

In the next second, the **** tablet absorbed the blood and essence at a speed visible to the naked eye, and made a cheerful vibration, which seemed full of spirituality!

Fortune-level fetish, if you do not voluntarily recognize the master, it is useless to force the blood to recognize the master.

In just an instant, Qin Feng sensed that there was a soul resonance between himself and the God of Karma!