Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The God of Cause and Effect has recognized you as the master]

[The God of Cause and Effect: Wonders of Heaven and Earth, Creation Grade]

[The stele of the gods comes with the "Dao of Cause and Effect", which contains the power of endless cause and effect, and can display the rhythm of endless cause and effect for people to understand]

Whoo~!

Confession succeeded!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and felt comfortable in his heart.

Om~!

At this moment, the stele of the gods roared and vibrated cheerfully!

It also seems to be excited to recognize the Lord.

At this moment, Qin Feng wondered if there was an artifact in the monument?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he could think about it, the God of Karma Monument slowly rose from the ground, and the entire assessment area trembled slightly.

Everyone was shocked to see it!

After a while, the God of Karma tablet was completely pulled out of the ground, suspended in the air, and the whole body lit up with a dazzling golden light, like a huge golden light group!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, it turned into a golden light, poured into Qin Feng's eyebrows, and entered the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

After entering the Sea of ​​Consciousness, the God of Cause and Effect Monument drilled into the 'chaotic space' very spiritually.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the entire chaotic space was shaking violently, and the breath was skyrocketing wildly!

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, Divine Sense was immersed in the space.

I saw that in that chaotic space, the God of Cause and Effect Monument turned into a thousand feet, and it has taken root with the earth.

An invisible force of the Dao of Cause and Effect radiated from the God of Cause and Effect Monument and melted into the entire space...

This actually makes the aura of the chaotic space continuously strengthened, the entire space is also expanding outward, and the entire chaotic space seems to be upgrading...

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was quite surprised.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The causal monument and the chaotic space (primary) are successfully integrated, your chaotic space is blessed by the power of the causal avenue, and the chaotic space is being strengthened...]

[Reminder: Chaos Space (primary) has been strengthened successfully! Your chaotic space has been improved, and you will permanently receive 300 million stars of the power of heaven and earth back…]

[Reminder: The power of the innate avenue can strengthen the chaotic space]

[Chaos space has the power of three innate avenues, which can be advanced to the intermediate level]

[Chaos space has the power of six innate avenues, which can be advanced to advanced level]

[Chaos space has the power of nine innate avenues, which can be advanced to the final level]

[Chaos space has twelve kinds of innate avenues of power, which can open the sky and break the earth, create a cosmic center, and so on]

[Reminder: Master the Innate Avenue of Forty-nine Middle School, you can derive the real big universe]

[Reminder: Mastering the "One Road" can give birth to two, two to three, three to infinite, and to derive countless universes! You are God! You are the Tao! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

It turned out that he had a chance to become the Dao of Heaven!

At this thought, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that his aura soared, and his combat power increased wildly!

In a blink of an eye, he has skyrocketed 300 million star combat power, which is extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng is overjoyed again!

Unintentionally, he knew how to upgrade the chaotic space, how to create the universe, and how to be promoted to heaven!

That is to realize the innate avenue!

As long as he masters the forty-nine innate avenues, he can reach Consummation and become the true master of the universe.

If he masters the 'One Way' again, he will be able to Consummate again and become the Way of Heaven!

PS: Dear readers, it is the beginning of the month, and the little author asks for a monthly pass! .Eight.

Chapter 778 The assessment is successful! Mind manifested!

Thinking about it, Qin Feng is very happy

correct!

This time his combat power has been continuously improved, and I don't know what level of strength has been improved?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his personal panel with anticipation...

[Combat Strength]: 7.452 billion

[Air Luck]: 1123 times

[Soul Strength]: God King 11.7%

The combat power has reached 7.452 billion stars.

A proper quasi-god-king level!

Even if it is the threshold of the king of gods, it is expected to be within reach.

The threshold of God King's combat power is 100 million stars.

Having said that, with this huge increase in his strength, the strength of the clone will also increase a lot!

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

In the next second, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Sure enough, as he expected, the four avatars have a slight upper hand.

At this moment, the spectators in the Blue Star Realm were stunned.

They never thought that the four clones would have the upper hand.

Looking at Lucifer again, that guy was also extremely shocked!

However, the man's brain is still in a deadly fight with the four avatars.

The guy determined that the four avatars used a secret technique to enhance their strength.

As long as the time limit for using the secret technique expires, he will win!

It is precisely because of this idea that he has been fighting to the death!

This also laid the groundwork for his tragedy!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was completely relieved!

"The comprehension test is finally over!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart.

In this assessment, he can be said to have made a lot of money, and the harvest is extremely huge!

Next, he is going to participate in the second assessment of the False God Realm, which is also the last assessment of the Shenwu assessment.

Thinking of this, he turned to look at the square.

The door of light at the exit of this test area is just above the square!

I saw that on the square, everyone looked at themselves in awe, not daring to breathe.

In the square, the atmosphere is very quiet!

It seems that his previous assessment scene shocked everyone!

Qin Feng smiled and didn't care.

He didn't know that his assessment just now shocked not only this examination area, but also this universe!

At this moment, in another creation temple in this universe.

A man with a proud expression stood on the stairs of the 507th floor.

Behind him, countless spectators in the square were amazed.

That man was the first genius in their Covenant.

Unexpectedly, this genius broke into the 507th floor in one fell swoop, approaching the highest record in this universe!

The thought made those people excited.

That arrogant man is also confident!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

The golden stele at the top of the ladder suddenly vibrated continuously, and the spiritual light was shining!

In the next second, the figure of the stele gradually faded and completely disappeared in front of everyone!

The audience was shocked!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

The arrogant man was also completely stunned!

The golden statue disappeared!

It means someone has cleared the 999th floor!

Comparing the arrogant man with that person, it is like a firefly and a bright moon competing for glory!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

How could this not shock the audience!

Not only this temple, but all the creation temples scattered in every corner of the universe, the same scene happened!

At this moment, all the temples are fried!

It can be said that the entire universe was shocked!

Qin Feng naturally didn't know about all this.

He doesn't care about that either.

At this moment, he glanced at the square below lightly, and his eyes quickly landed on a corner.

I saw that in that corner, the six people in Dijiang were looking at themselves excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled.

The little guys are here!

At the moment, he disappeared out of thin air in a flash.

In the next second, he appeared in the square.

When Qin Feng appeared, the audience suddenly became quieter.

Seeing Qin Feng so close, those people were even more nervous, holding their breaths one by one, they didn't dare to breathe!

They were afraid of disturbing Qin Feng.

For some unknown reason, when they saw Qin Feng, they always felt an invisible sense of oppression, as if the difference between gods and mortals was born with invisible oppression!

"dad!"

"Owner!"

At this time, Di Jiang and Feng Xi happily greeted him.