Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was also in a good mood when he saw the six people.

"Congratulations to the city master for clearing the customs!"

Qingchengzi also stroked his beard and smiled, looking a little excited.

Qin Feng smiled: "It's not appropriate to talk too much here, you go ahead and talk in my space!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand.

The six people in Dijiang immediately turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

They were summoned into Chaos Space!

After doing this, Qin Feng walked to the exit under the awe-inspiring gaze of everyone.

It didn't take long for him to walk out of the examination area and disappeared from everyone's sight.

Until this moment, the invisible suppression disappeared!

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief, and even more sighed in their hearts!

In the crowd, Jie Lin stared blankly at the direction Qin Feng was leaving, with a strange look in her eyes.

After a while, she sighed with emotion: "Cousin, I think Lord Qin Feng is very hopeful to be promoted to Heaven!"

The young master of Capricorn has a complicated expression!

After a long time, he sighed: "Yeah! He has the opportunity to perceive the most mysterious 'One Road' and the No. 1 Cause and Effect Avenue among the forty-nine innate avenues. Such opportunities are unimaginable. !"

Speaking of this, the young master of Capricorn is full of emotion!

He couldn't imagine that if Qin Feng really became the Dao of Heaven, what kind of existence would that be? !

But on the other hand, Qin Feng walked to a remote corner after leaving the invisible assessment area...

He was looking for a place where no one was there to deal with his chores.

At the same time, in that chaotic space.

Feng Xi and the others looked around in shock.

The space in front of them is completely different from the zero-degree space in their memory! .

Looking around, the entire space has a radius of 100,000 miles, which is how many times larger than the zero-degree space!

Looking at the center of the space again, there is a huge divine tree, standing tall in the sky, reaching a height of 10,000 miles.

That huge tree trunk, like a pillar of strength, is astonishing!

Looking at the tree trunk, there is also a ten thousand zhang stele, which is inscribed with dense inscriptions, and the words are golden light.

If you look carefully, you can recognize that the stele is clearly the 'Cause and Effect God Stele'!

"Sister, is this...is this space zero?"

Di Jiang's little face is full of doubts!

Xiao Luan'er was also a little confused: "Okay... it seems so! Sister Feng Xi, what do you think?"

Only then did Feng Xi recover from the shock.

She took a deep breath and looked towards a temple not far away.

"It should be! Where are you looking! Where are the Master's Palace of the City Lord and our pavilion!"

Hearing this, everyone followed the sound and saw the palace and the attic.

Qi Yue was surprised: "It's strange! If this is the zero-degree space, why did it suddenly become so big? I remember that the zero-degree space is only a few hundred miles in diameter!"

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "Yeah! This is too strange! Now this space has a radius of 100,000 miles, like a world! Not only that, the laws in this space are complete, and the outside world is almost indistinguishable. Two!"

Qiyue was surprised: "The laws are complete! Then such a world can nurture ordinary creatures and allow mortals to survive here!"𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Feng Xi sighed: "I guess it was the master who upgraded the zero-dimensional space to this! The master's method is really incredible!"

The voice just fell, and the field changed suddenly!

I saw that between heaven and earth, countless stars appeared out of thin air!

Afterwards, those starlights converged into a human shape and turned into Qin Feng's figure!

"dad!"

As soon as Di Jiang and Jumang saw Qin Feng, they ran over happily

The two little guys, one left and one right, hugged Qin Feng's thighs affectionately.

Seeing the cute looks of the two little guys, Qin Feng smiled.

"Owner!"

Feng Xi and the others also walked over happily.

"Master, why can't I sense your soul aura?"

As they approached, Feng Xi looked at Qin Feng in surprise.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This is the transformation of my mind, not the clone, nor the body, naturally I can't sense the breath of the soul!"

Manifestation of ideas?

Feng Xi was extremely shocked!

That is a half-step eternal means, even the king of gods can't do it.

Half-step eternity, infinite thoughts, thousands of incarnations, manifested in the world!

But the master is in the demigod realm!

Seems to see Feng Xi's doubts!

Qin Feng smiled and said: "This chaotic space has been integrated with my sea of ​​consciousness and become a part of me. In other words, I am this space, and this space is also me. Only in this space can I do it. Mind manifesting!"

Hearing this, everyone suddenly realized!

"Master, it turns out that this space is called 'chaotic space'! Is it promoted from zero-dimensional space?"

Feng Xi was sighing and curious again.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "It's true! Well, I'll talk about these trivial matters later. I'll use the secret technique now to improve your qualifications!"

Di Jiang was overjoyed: "Wow! That's great! Dad, we've been waiting for this, but it's been a long time!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Then let's start!"

As soon as the words fell, he was divided into six, turned into six Qin Feng, and walked towards the six people in Dijiang.

In this chaotic space, Qin Feng can manifest hundreds of millions of minds, and there is almost no limit to the number.

And any action of the mind body in the space will not affect the action of the body in the outside world, nor will it affect the strength of the body!

This is much better than fission!

After Qin Feng used the fission body, his state would be incomplete and he could not use the law.

If you can use the body of the mind, it will not have any effect.

After all, Mind Manifestation 2.1 is a method only available in half-step eternity.

Of course, the manifestation of Qin Feng's mind can only be used in the chaotic space!

In just a moment, Qin Feng completed the humanistic secret technique 'reborn', doubling the qualifications of Feng Xi and the others!

Feng Xi and the others were pleasantly surprised!

Afterwards, Qin Feng allocated enough 'source of soul power' and 'source of divine power' to the six people, and let them go to retreat.

Looking at the back of the six people leaving happily, Qin Feng was also looking forward to it.

In particular, his expectations for Di Jiang and Jumang!

It is estimated that these two little guys, after this retreat, the possibility of getting a super god-level evaluation can reach 90%!

Being able to get a super god-level evaluation means that you have the potential to become a domain owner!

Qin Feng naturally hopes that he can have two subordinates at the domain master level.

After the six people of Dijiang left, Qin Feng's mind body manifested eight statues!

The seven mind bodies all took out an avenue scroll and disappeared out of thin air.

This is to go to the Palace of the City Lord and go to retreat to enlightenment.

The eighth mind body walked towards the God of Karma, preparing to comprehend the Dao of Karma.

In fact, Qin Feng has nine avenues of opportunity in his hands.

The last kind of 'One Road', he has not yet had the authority to comprehend.

Only the 'Chief Daozi' has the authority to comprehend that scroll.

Whether or not he can become the chief Daozi depends on Qin Feng's last assessment.

Chapter seven hundred and seventy-ninth true meaning test! Blood Qi Dao Crystal!

At this moment, the Temple of Fortune, somewhere in a remote corner.

Qin Feng opened the mission channel and was looking at the mission of the master of the universe.

The first stage of the mission is to promote the 'chaos space' to the intermediate level, and everything is as he expected.

Then, he checked the Daozi Tianbang again.

[Daozi Tianbang]

[Sequence 1 - 12937 points]

"The first place is 12937 points, 2850 points more than me!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

To become the chief Daozi is his next goal!

According to such a difference in points, he must score 2851 points in the last assessment in order to become the chief Taoist.

After figuring out the gap, Qin Feng's mind withdrew from the Daozi Tianbang.

Then, he walked towards the final assessment area.

The four avatars are still fighting with God Lucifer, he can't waste time.

Although the four avatars have the upper hand, they still have no ability to kill Lucifer.

All of this may have to wait for him to go out before the Lucy God can be completely solved.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the test site.

I saw that there was a 10,000-zhang-tall monument at the test site, all white jade, with four golden characters written on it 'True Meaning Assessment'.

Looking around the God Monument, there are hundreds of entrances to the Gate of Light.

Tens of thousands of players were going in and out, and it was very lively.

However, the overall scene was a bit more deserted than the comprehension assessment area.

There are naturally fewer players who are capable of reaching this level.

Having said that, this "truth test" is very strange, so far no one has been able to pass all the 19 levels!

Its assessment rules are also very special and very difficult!

There are not a few players who have scored 0 points in this test.

At this time, many players in the field were sighing, complaining that they did not pass the test well, and some even wailed and scored 0 points.

Qin Feng ignored it, walked directly into a gate of light, and entered the assessment area

In the next second, he appeared in a ring.

The arena was very huge, with a black background and gray surface, with a radius of millions of meters, and it was actually suspended in the starry sky.

At this moment, the arena is empty, and Qin Feng is the only one who looks lonely.

The moment he stepped into the ring, a reminder came from Tiandao.