Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Welcome to the contestant Qin Feng, who entered the arena of the 'True Meaning Assessment' and automatically activated this assessment]

[True meaning assessment: seal the spiritual power of the player, the player needs to defeat the guard puppet without spiritual power]

[Assessment rules: After a player dies, Tiandao can revive him]

[Assessment rules: the more levels passed, the higher the points]

[Players please be prepared to seal your spiritual power within 5 seconds!]

【Countdown: 5…4…】

Qin Feng was enlightened for a while!

It turned out that the true meaning test was to defeat the gatekeeper puppet without using spiritual power.

But spiritual power is the foundation of a player!

Without the support of spiritual power, the strength of the demigods will plummet, and they are not even as good as the realm of heaven.

However, this level is very beneficial to those with bloodline talent!

Possessing the talent of bloodline, the physical body is bound to be strong, and even without spiritual support, the combat power is extremely amazing.

After understanding this, Qin Feng laughed!

His bloodline talent has reached SSS level perfection, and his body is extremely powerful.

This assessment rule is very beneficial to him!

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a gray beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's whole body...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the spiritual power in his body was quickly sealed, and his combat power plummeted all the way...

In the blink of an eye, all his spiritual power was sealed, and he could no longer sense a trace.

Qin Feng hurriedly checked his combat power, and there was still 1.9 billion star power left, reaching the limit of the main god.

Qin Feng suddenly laughed!

Other players have no spiritual power, and it is not bad to have a few thousand stars left in their combat power.

He is different, with 1.9 billion stars left in his combat power!

This is not only because of his strong qi, blood and body, but also because of the 600 million star power of heaven and earth that is permanently fed back by the chaotic space, and the way of heaven will not be sealed.

Therefore, his combat power will be so strong!

Having said that, there are not many people in this world who can have a chaotic space in their bodies like him.

Not to mention the demigod players, even if half a step is eternal, there is no room for chaos!

Based on this alone, for others, the extremely difficult examination of the true meaning is not difficult for him!

In addition, in addition to the power of the flesh and the power of heaven and earth, he also has the power of luck!

His current luck value is 1123 times, which can increase his combat power a lot!

This is another big advantage for him!

In addition, other players will not be able to use law talents without spiritual power, let alone use skills.

Qin Feng once tried that the power of luck and soul power can still use the power of laws and skills.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that this 'truth assessment' was tailor-made for him.

For him, this true meaning test is much easier than the comprehension test!

"I don't know the true meaning of this assessment. If you perform well, will there be any special rewards?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He is looking forward to the next assessment.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

【The test of this level is about to start】

[Reminder: This level prohibits the use of any time force field]

[Reminder: Defeat the target within 10 minutes, and this level will be passed! If the timeout is not completed, it will be eliminated]

[Reminder: Tiandao will give corresponding evaluation points according to the players' performance in the level, and the maximum points for this level are 10 points]

[Reminder: Complete within 10 seconds to get the highest rating points]

【The game is about to start, countdown: 10…】

Qin Feng quickly focused his attention.

huh~!

Right here, a white light flashed in front, and a black puppet appeared, three feet tall, holding a mace!

The whole body of the puppet exudes a metallic luster, and its eyes glow with dark red light, staring at Qin Feng coldly.

It's just that those eyes looked mechanical, without any spirituality, but the murderous aura was not weak at all.

Qin Feng spied out curiously...

[Puppet]: Black Iron Puppet

[Combat Strength]: Heaven Level

[Characteristics]: Fierce not afraid of death

This kind of puppet has low intelligence and does not have any law fluctuations on its body, so it should be pure combat power.

Qin Feng is analyzing in his heart!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Countdown is over! Exam starts! Start timing: 0…]

Boom~!

As soon as the timer started, the black iron puppet rushed towards Qin Feng!

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with a strange silver light!

1123 times the power of luck and soul power merged to form a substantial soul power wave, crushing the puppet...

In just an instant, that substantial soul power wave bombarded the black iron puppet!

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

The black iron puppet was directly smashed into pieces by the soul force wave!

When~! When~! When~!

The black metal parts were scattered all over the place!

The whole ring is jingling!

With just one look, Qin Feng killed the Heite puppet, and it was extremely easy to pass the level!

At this moment, a white light flew from the place where the corpse was shattered and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: If you successfully kill the black iron golem, you get +1 gold judgment]

Qin Feng smiled slightly!

Finally, there is a chance to get the trial value again.

He was worrying about how to improve the level of Judgment Supreme, but he was suffering from no channel to obtain Judgment Points.

Now it seems that this test has another chance!

correct!

I don't know what material this puppet is made of?

With this in mind, Qin Feng stepped forward to check the material of those puppets.

After a while, he found out that those puppets were made of eighth-order dark iron, which was considered rare.

He put it away, maybe it will be useful in the future.

"Hey! This is"

When I received half of it, I saw a red crystal the size of a grain of rice in the material, exuding an amazing breath.

[Blood Qi Dao Crystal (fragment): Fortune grade, contains a trace of Dao rhyme of the 'Blood Dao']

[Reminder: There is a hidden 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal' in every puppet in this assessment, which is the source of the puppet's energy]

[Reminder: Collect all the blood gas crystal fragments of the level, you can condense a complete 'blood gas crystal']

[Blood Qi Daojing: Fortune-level, heaven and earth wonders, contains 50% Dao rhyme of the blood avenue]

[Reminder: You can refine this thing with SSS-level bloodline, and you can get 50% of the rhythm of the blood road]

[Reminder: Players need to pass all the levels before they can take the Blood Qi Dao Crystal (fragments) out of the assessment space! For those who have not cleared the customs, Tiandao will confiscate all the fragments]

After reading the prompt, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised!

Blood Qi Dao Crystal, fortune-telling treasure!

This is exactly what he needs!𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

If he refines the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal', he can obtain 50% Dao Rhyme.

At that time, he will comprehend the 'Blood Avenue' scroll again, and he will soon realize the Bleeding Avenue.

Now, for Qin Feng, enlightenment is a big deal.

As long as he realizes the 'Broadway of Blood', not only will his own strength skyrocket, but the chaotic space will also grow.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng excitedly put away the blood gas crystal fragments.

Of course, he only has the fragments temporarily now.

If you want to really get it, you have to pass all the levels of the 'True Essence Assessment'.

As far as he knows, in this universe, no one has ever been able to pass all the levels!

So, no one knows how many levels this assessment has?

No one can take away the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal'!

This time, Qin Feng will try it out and pass all the levels!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who defeated the target within 10 seconds, you have obtained the highest evaluation of this level and gained +10 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: congratulations to the contestant for achieving the first-ever good result in this level, you will be rewarded with double the points, so your final score is 20 points]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, thinking that it's good!

The first level doubled the points and scored 20 points.

This is a good start!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

【Athletes please get ready! One minute later, refresh the gatekeeper puppet of the second level]

Qin Feng was enlightened for a while!

The second level is still unfolding in this arena, but the puppet needs to be refreshed again...

At the moment, he waited silently.

Not long after, the puppet of the second level was refreshed.

It was a metal puppet full of silver, holding a long spear, and its strength was at the limit of heaven.

Qin Feng still had a look and blasted it!

This time, he got a 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal' fragment the size of a soybean, which was much larger than the fragment in the previous level.