Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In addition, he was rewarded with double points and scored 40 points!

In this way, Qin Feng easily passed the level all the way, every time he passed the level within one second, everything was extremely easy.

When he reached the tenth level, he finally had some changes

PS: It's the beginning of the month, all readers, small authors are asking for monthly tickets! .

Chapter 780 Kill to the end! The harvest is overwhelming!

The guard puppet of the tenth pass, more than fifty feet tall, is made of amethyst, and its imposing manner is extremely amazing.

At this moment, the crystal jade body on its chest was cracked, and the huge body was backing away!

"Hey~! I actually held it!"

Qin Feng looked at the puppet with some surprises.

Just now, he launched a soul wave attack on this puppet, but he didn't kill it in one hit!

This is the first time that a puppet that can withstand the blow of his soul power!

This guard puppet is getting stronger and stronger!

At the moment, he flicked his finger!

huh~!

A strong wind shot out from his fingertips, hitting the crack in the puppet's chest!

Bang~!

A blast!

Kacha~!

The huge puppet burst into pieces!

It turned into thousands of broken crystals and scattered all over the place!

Immediately afterwards, a white light flew out of the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: Kill the Amethyst Puppet successfully! You get 1 Gold Judgment Point! 】

1 point gold judgment value!

It's a nice gain!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and stepped forward...

After a while, he found a red crystal the size of a peanut from a pile of broken crystals...

[Blood Qi Dao Crystal (fragment): Fortune grade, contains part of the Dao rhyme of the 'Blood Dao']

This Dao Crystal fragment is bigger than the previous levels.

The larger the Dao crystal fragment, the more energy and Dao rhythm it contains, and the higher the value is naturally.

Qin Feng put away the Daojing fragments with satisfaction.

Afterwards, he collected all the puppet fragments scattered all over the place.

The material of these puppets is very rare, maybe they can be used in the future.

After doing this, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations to Qin Feng, who defeated the target within 10 seconds. You have obtained the highest evaluation of this level and gained +1 points]

[Assessment reminder: congratulations to the players who have achieved the best results in history in this level, you will be rewarded with double points]

[Assessment reminder: congratulations to the contestants who have achieved the best results in history for 10 consecutive times, you have received special bonus points, and the points can be tripled]

[Assessment reminder: your final score in this level +3 points]

[Reminder: Starting from this level, players who achieve the first result in history can all get triple points reward]

what!

Points tripled!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

His first goal now is to get enough points to become the chief Daozi!

If the points are tripled, then he is one point closer to this goal!

Om~!

At this moment, the assessment token on his body lit up with a faint light, and the information in the token was updated...

He quickly picked it up to check...

[Assessment item]: True meaning assessment

【Pass the level】: Level 10

[Cumulative score]: 12 points

After reading the information, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Everything went very well!

For him, this assessment is indeed much easier than the comprehension assessment.

Even, he is full of confidence in the goal of winning the chief Daozi.

The only thing he worries about is whether he can pass all the customs?

If he can't clear all the customs, he won't be able to take the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal', which is a huge loss!

What makes people depressing is that no one has ever known how many hurdles there are in this assessment?

This inevitably makes Qin Feng feel a little clueless!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky shook, and Tiandao's reminder came again...

[Players please get ready, after one minute, refresh the gatekeeper puppet in level 11...]

Qin Feng quickly put away the assessment token and began to wait...

It didn't take long for a white light to flash in the field!

Boom~!

A giant puppet with a height of 100 feet, two heads and four arms, and a black body, descended from the sky and landed in the center of the ring!

As soon as it landed, the entire arena was trembling slightly, and its appearance was extremely amazing!

Qin Feng couldn't help looking at it.

I saw this giant puppet, the whole body is made of high-grade metal material, four mechanical arms, each holding a weapon, with a knife, a sword, a gun, a hammer, and extraordinary might!

Qin Feng couldn't help but aim at those weapons, and his eyes suddenly lit up.

I saw that those four weapons turned out to be inferior artifacts!

He couldn't help but smile!

After defeating this puppet, the four inferior artifacts belonged to him!

Although the low-grade artifacts were of little use to him, his subordinates were of great use!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng peeped at the puppet again...

[Puppet]: Double-headed iron puppet

[Combat Strength]: 200 million stars

[Characteristics]: Fierce not afraid of death

"Hey~! 200 million combat power 〃々!"

Qin Feng was slightly surprised!

The amethyst puppet in the tenth level has only 100 million star combat power.

At level 11, the combat power is doubled.

It seems that the difficulty of this challenge is increasing exponentially!

However, it was still easy for him to solve this puppet, but he couldn't kill it with his eyes.

He couldn't kill the amethyst puppet in the last level with his eyes, let alone the two-headed iron puppet.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Reminder: The highest score in this level is 110 points]

[Reminder: Complete within 10 seconds to get the highest rating points]

[The game is about to start, countdown: 10…9]

The game is about to start!

Qin Feng quickly concentrated...

【Countdown is over! Exam starts! Start timing: 0…]𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Boom~!

As soon as the timing started, the double-headed iron puppet dodged and came directly to Qin Feng!

In just a split second, it came close!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, the two-headed iron puppet shot at Qin Feng!

The knives, swords, spears, and hammers in his hands all lit up with a faint red light, which was the light that only lit up when he was full of blood energy!

Obviously, the 'Blood Path Crystal' in the puppet's body was activated!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The four artifact attacked wildly, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

The momentum of each attack suddenly reached 200 million stars!

At this moment, the four attacks, the momentum is connected together, the power is comparable to 250 million stars.

The puppet's four eyes showed hideousness and disdain.

By the 11th level, the puppet also became full of spirituality.

However, these puppets still do not have the power of the law, relying on pure brute force!

In the blink of an eye, the four attacks were in sight!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

Boom~!

He punched out directly, and the blood energy in his whole body exploded in an instant!

The entire Starry Sky Arena trembled!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering explosion!

Kacha~!

Qin Feng blasted the puppet with one punch.

When~! When~! When~!

A few slams of gold and iron to the ground!

The four artifacts of the double-headed iron golem all fell on the extremely hard ground.

Another one-shot kill!

In the next second, a white light flew out of the puppet's body and poured into his body...