Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Successfully killed the double-headed iron golem! You have gained 2 gold judgment points]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 66 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

Qin Feng smiled!

His vocation has finally been upgraded again!

Then, he stepped forward and began to collect the loot...Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

After a while, he obtained four low-grade artifacts, a 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal' fragment, and a pile of puppet materials.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Assessment reminder: congratulations to player Qin Feng for defeating the target within 10 seconds, you have obtained the highest rating in this level and gained +110 points]

[Assessment reminder: Player Qin Feng has achieved 11 consecutive times, setting a good score of "the first in history", and will be rewarded with 3 times the points. You will get points +330 points in this level]

Qin Feng is delighted!

I easily got 330 points, and this assessment points accumulated to 1530 points, getting closer and closer to the goal...

After the points were harvested, Tiandao sent another reminder, and the 12th level will be opened in 1 minute...

At this time, Qin Feng has discovered that this assessment does not give the players enough time to rest, and at the same time prohibits the use of any time force field.

Obviously, it not only tests the physical strength of the players, but also the toughness of the players.

In this way, Qin Feng continued the assessment...

Soon, level 12 opens!

As he expected, the combat power of the puppet in the 12th level has doubled, reaching 400 million stars, and he has a mid-grade artifact in his hand...

Qin Feng naturally blasted it with one punch, easily breaking the level!

In this way, he continues to challenge the level!

Every time he passed a level, he gained a lot.

In addition to harvesting Dao crystal fragments and god-level weapons, he also harvested a lot of golden judgment points...

And the assessment process is as he expected.

In the 13th level, the puppet has a combat power of 800 million stars and triples the points to 390 points.

In the 14th level, the puppet has a combat power of 1.6 billion stars and triples the points to 420 points.

At this moment, Qin Feng has cleaned up the spoils of the 14th level, and is checking the total points...

【Pass the level】: Level 14

[Cumulative score]: 27 points

Only 151 points away, you can become the chief Daozi!

Qin Feng was a little excited!

However, according to the rules of this level, the power of the puppets in the next level will reach 3.2 billion stars!

But his current combat power is only 1.9 billion stars!

Of course, he hasn't counted the power of luck.

If you add the power of luck of the 1123 quilt, his combat power can be comparable to 2.2 billion stars!

But this kind of combat power is a huge gap against a puppet with a 3.2 billion star combat power!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

If he fails to pass the fifteenth level, not only will he not be able to become the chief Daozi, but he will not be able to take away the **** Daojing.

That loss is huge!

Of course, it is unknown whether the puppet in the fifteenth level is a 3.2 billion star combat power.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Players please be prepared, and in one minute, refresh the gatekeeper puppet in level 15...]

[Reminder: Level 15 is the last level of this assessment]

[Reminder: The highest score in this level is 150 points]

[Reminder: Complete within 10 seconds to get the highest rating points]

Sure enough, it's the last level!

Qin Feng was surprised and delighted!

As long as he passes the last level, he can take away the Blood Qi Daojing.

However, he must get more than 151 points in this level.

As long as he passes the level, he will be able to win the 15th all-time first, that is, three times the points reward.

In other words, in this level, as long as he can achieve an evaluation of more than 50 points, he can meet the points requirements.

According to his calculations, defeating the gatekeeper puppet within 5 minutes will definitely get more than 50 points of evaluation.

As for whether he can do it, it depends on the strength of the puppet in this level.

huh~!

Qin Feng just had this idea, and a white light lit up in front of him.

A giant puppet with a height of ten thousand feet fell from the sky!

Qin Feng hurriedly peeped towards him...

Seeing this, he was a little dumbfounded.

That puppet's combat power is really 3.2 billion stars, far exceeding his current combat power...

Chapter 781 God Armor Treasure! Chi Tian Demon Puppet!

I saw that puppet, with a height of ten thousand feet, black armor, and a dazzling metallic luster.

Looking at the shape again, 90% of it looks like a human, but there are two horns on the head. The shape is extremely majestic, and the momentum is even more amazing!

And in his hand is a giant double-edged axe, the face of the axe is huge, like a giant grinding disc, exuding thirteen rays of brilliance.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he couldn't help but spy on the giant axe.

[Chitian Axe: Divine Artifact, High-Grade Divine Rank Limit, Unidentified Master]

[Reminder: After refining this divine axe, you can get 20,000-star combat power feedback]

This is actually a high-grade god-level weapon, extremely rare!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was moved!

He has the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, so he can't use this Chi-Heaven Axe, but the four avatars can use it!

With his current strength, the artifact of the clone should also be updated.

A mid-grade artifact is no longer worthy of the strength of a clone.

The Chi Tian Axe in front of him is very suitable for his clone.

In fact, when he passed the level this time, he had already obtained a high-grade god-rank long spear, and a high-grade god-rank peak black long knife.

Both of these artifacts can be reserved for clones to use.

Qin Feng couldn't help but glance at the black long knife in his hand.

[Sun Chasing Knife: Artifact, the pinnacle of high-grade gods, unidentified master]

[Reminder: After refining this divine sword, you can get 10,000 star combat power feedback]

This 'Sun Chasing Knife' is what he got from killing the 14th level 'Kuafu Demon Puppet'.

Without the support of spiritual power, the artifact cannot be activated and will not provide the power to feed back.

He can only use the artifact as an ordinary weapon like a common man.

However, the artifact has a hard texture and is very suitable for chopping these metal puppets.

In the same way, the 'Chitian Axe' in the hands of the guard puppet can only be used for chopping, and cannot feed back the power of the artifact to the puppet.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng spied on the guard puppet

[Puppet]: Chitian Demon Puppet

[Combat Strength]: 3.2 billion stars

[Characteristics]: He is not afraid of death, and his combat power and 670 defense are extremely powerful.

This is the last level of the puppet, 3.2 billion star combat power, how to defeat it?

According to the information prompt, this guy has a very strong defense, and it is not easy to break the defense!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and began to look for the weakness of Chi Tianmo Puppet

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Assessment reminder: If the score of this assessment reaches 3 points or more, you can open the 'Sacred Armor Treasure', which contains shocking treasures]

[Assessment reminder: The time players stay in the treasure house is related to the final points obtained]

[Players with 31 points can stay in the treasure house for 1 second; if they reach 32 points, they can stay for 2 seconds; if they reach 33 points, they can stay for 3 seconds, and so on.]

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

He didn't expect that at the end of this true meaning assessment, there was still a treasure trove of opportunity hidden!

However, the time spent in the treasure house is actually limited.

Obviously the longer you stay, the more benefits you get!

His current points are 27 points, and the maximum points that this level can give him is three times the 150 points, which is 450 points.

If he can get 450 points, the total points can get 3150 points, then he can stay in the treasure trove for 150 seconds!

But if he wants to get 450 points, he has to defeat Chi Tianmo Puppet within 10 seconds!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Chi Tianmo Puppet!

This guy's combat power is 3.2 billion stars, which is much stronger than him.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Heaven.

[The game is about to start, countdown: 198]

It's time to start!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and silently clenched the handle of the knife, ready to fight with all his strength!

This will be his most important battle!

At the same moment, Chi Tianmo puppet stared at Qin Feng coldly.

Those scarlet eyes showed contempt and disdain.

It sensed that the human being in front of him had only 1.9 billion stars in combat power.

That's 1.3 billion stars worse than that!

It only needs one face to cut this human being in half!

Thinking of this, the disdain in Chi Tianmo's eyes became even stronger.

Qin Feng was surprised!

What a strong spirit!

Is this guy really just a puppet?

It seems that apart from being unable to speak, its spirituality is no different from that of ordinary people!

【Countdown is over! Exam starts! start the timer:】