Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the examination starts!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Boom~!

As soon as the timer started, the Chi Tian Demon Puppet rushed towards Qin Feng!

The momentum was earth-shattering, and the starry sky shook!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the Chi Tian Demon Puppet came to the front, swung the 'Chi Tian Axe' with both hands, and slashed directly towards Qin Feng's face!

Swish~!

A dazzling axe light lit up in the starry sky!

The monstrous blood power broke out, surpassing the 3.2 billion star combat power, comparable to 3.5 billion star!

Qin Feng was shocked to see it, and he wondered how this guy did it, so that his attack power exceeded his own combat power range!

scoff~~~!

Where the axe light passed, the starry sky was torn apart, revealing a long space crack!

Just relying on brute force, the Chi Tian Demon Puppet broke through the void, which was terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, the axe that smashed the sky and the earth approached Qin Feng's face!

Such a terrifying blow, with Qin Feng's existing strength, is absolutely unstoppable!

He wanted to dodge, but was locked into his qi by the momentum of an axe, and there was no way to avoid it!

Seeing, Qin Feng is about to be hit by that axe!

In Chi Tian Mo Puppet's eyes, there was a look of joy.

It seemed to see that this human being was about to be split in half by it.

According to Tiandao's instructions, as long as it kills this human being and defends this level, its talent will give it life, and it can cultivate and grow like a living creature.

Thinking of this, Chi Tian Mo Puppet's eyes became even hotter!

It seems to see the hope of victory!

Om~!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred!

Qin Feng's soul power and luck power suddenly activated!

The laws of space are activated instantly!

huh~!

White light flashes!

He disappeared instantly!

Swish~!

Chi Tianmo puppet smashed the sky with an axe, and the axe light slid across the sky!

Bang~!

That gigantic axe slashed on the ring!

Kacha~!

A loud bang!

The arena with a radius of millions of meters was split open by that axe!

That is the ground blessed by Heavenly Dao. It is extremely hard and can be split apart. It can be seen that the attack is extremely amazing!

huh~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng suddenly appeared behind Chi Tianmo Puppet!

That is his space teleportation!

Chi Tianmo puppet was horrified!

Isn't the spiritual power already sealed?

How can this human still use skills?

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body burst out!

Bloodline supernatural power - Faxiang Tiandi (advanced), activated instantly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng turned into a thousand feet, his muscles were knotted, and he stood upright!

Its combat power immediately soared by 30%, and its combat power suddenly reached about 2.5 billion stars!

This is one of his trump cards!

Without spiritual power, he can still use the bloodline magic power!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he slashed at Chi Tian Mo Puppet's neck!

Om~!

At the same moment, the sun-chasing knife in his hand lit up with a white light of luck!

The 1,123 times the power of luck, once again blessed, directly poured into the long knife, so that the attack power of that knife soared to 2.8 billion stars again!

Swah~~!

Knife light flashed!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

That knife slashed fiercely at the neck of the golem!

The tremor resounded throughout the world!

Qin Feng only felt that the tiger's mouth was numb, and the long knife almost let go!

But looking at the puppet's neck again, there is only a shallow white mark left!

He didn't even break the defense!

Qin Feng was dumbfounded!

This is his strongest blow!

Now, he can't even break the defense of this magic puppet, how can he defeat this magic puppet?

What's more terrible is that the whole body of this Chi Tian Demon Puppet is made of metal, and there is no defense weakness.

He could think that the only fastest way to defeat the golem was to cut off its head.

Now it's good, he can't even break the defense, how can he cut off his head?

Boom~!

It was at this moment that the Chi Tian Demon Puppet finally reacted!

As soon as it turned around, it slashed at Qin Feng with an axe!

At this moment, its scarlet eyes are full of anger!

Damn human!

Use teleportation sneak attack!

The funny thing is that his attack is too weak to break his defense at all!

sigh~~!

Where the Axe Light has gone!

Rip open a void!

The tyrannical giant axe attacked and slashed at Qin Feng again!

But at this moment, Qin Feng raised a seal!

Time stands still!

Immediately applied to the golem!

The Chi Tian Demon Puppet was immediately frozen and unable to move!

At this moment, Qin Feng launched an attack again!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

When~! When~! When~!

Three in a row!

All cut in the same place!

On Chi Tianmo's neck, only a shallow dent was left, less than half an inch deep!

These scars don't hurt at all!

On the contrary, Qin Feng's tiger's mouth has been shattered and bloodshot oozes out!

Damn it!

This golem is too hard!

He couldn't hurt an inch!

How can this be broken?

Boom~!

At this moment, the time stop time limit is over!

Chi Tianmo puppet got rid of the confinement and slashed wildly with an axe in an instant!

huh~!

Qin Feng teleported away again!

Swish~!

That axe smashed into the air again!

Chi Tianmo puppet was furious and wanted to chase him down.

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared behind it, and at the same time used the 'time delay' skill, which lasted for five seconds.

Chi Tianmo puppet's movements suddenly slowed down ten times!

In the next breath, Qin Feng frantically attacked the golem's neck!

When~! When~! When~!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng slashed dozens of times, all of them in the same place, the wound was only three inches deep, and it was still harmless!

But Qin Feng's tiger's mouth has been completely cracked, and blood is flowing, dyeing the hilt red!

According to this progress, even if he spends 10 minutes, he will still be able to cut off the head of the Chitian Demon Puppet!

If the puppet is not defeated for more than 10 minutes, it means that the level has failed and will be eliminated on the spot!

Damn it!

At this thought, Qin Feng was very anxious!

At this moment, the time delay effect ends!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The Chi Tian Demon Puppet carried a monstrous rage, and slaughtered it fiercely again!

Qin Feng looked at the time and found that 7 seconds had passed!

He is 10 seconds away, and there are only 3 seconds left.