Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Once it exceeds 10 seconds, he will not be able to get the highest rating score, and he will not have much hope of opening the opportunity of 'Shenjia Treasure'

At this thought, Qin Feng became more anxious!

Chapter 782 My heart is the heart of heaven! I am invincible!

In the blink of an eye, the Chi Tian Demon Puppet came to the front and slashed wildly with an axe!

sigh~~!

The axe has passed!

Cut through the sky!

huh~!

Qin Feng hurriedly teleported and disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

That axe smashed into the air again!

The arena was chopped open - cracked, and the gravel flew!

huh~!

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared behind the puppet!

Swish~!

He once again slashed with all his strength, and slashed at the wound on the golem's neck!

But at this moment, in the eyes of the magic puppet, there was an endless sarcasm.

In the next breath, its wound was creeping weirdly, and it healed completely in a blink of an eye, without a single scar!

Qin Feng was immediately dumbfounded!

Golem is proud!

Its body is made of high-grade god-level materials, and like an artifact, it has a self-healing function.

Such a shallow wound can heal instantly with just a thought!

This stupid human thought that if he kept attacking a certain point, he could hurt it!

How ridiculous!

"Damn!"

Soon, Qin Feng reacted!

At this moment, he was furious!

After a long time, everything he had done before was in vain!

Look at the time again, it is close to 8 seconds, and there is not much left!

At this thought, Qin Feng was extremely annoyed!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he slashed with all his strength and continued to slash towards the Golem's neck!

He didn't believe it, and cut off the head of this Chitian Demon Puppet!

At that moment, his mind was extremely concentrated, and the whole person's will was concentrated on one point!

His physical power, soul power, and luck power were all concentrated in one knife, slashing towards the golem!

Om~!

The long knife vibrated, and the divine light was released!

As the saying goes: Where the heart wants, go forward!

In just a moment, Qin Feng entered an ethereal state, without me, without him, only the target in front of him!

There was only one thought in his mind!

That is to cut off the head of the golem with one knife!

Suddenly, an invisible mental force grew from his heart!

Immediately, a reminder came from his sea of ​​knowledge...

[Congratulations on your awakening of the SSS-level law - the true meaning of the heart! 】

Boom~!

The Law Awakens!

The heart grows!

Om~!

That knife instantly lit up the heavenly aura, shocking the heavens and the earth!

The momentum is even more crazy skyrocketing!

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The golem head fell in response!

The cut is incredibly smooth!

Qin Feng was shocked!

He actually cut off the golem's head with one knife!

Bang~!

At this moment, the huge golem head fell heavily to the ground, and a cloud of smoke bounced off!

Click~!

Inside its head, the rune array shattered, and a red crystal the size of a walnut collapsed out of it.

As soon as the shards of Dao crystal popped out, the scarlet eyes of the golem quickly faded away, as if the eyes of a human being died!

In the blink of an eye, the puppet's eyes lost all light, and there was no breath!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The huge headless puppet's torso also slowly fell backwards!

Bang~~!

Another huge muffled sound!

Torso down!

The ring trembles!

Qin Feng also woke up instantly and was ecstatic!

He actually cut off the golem's head and won the final game in 10 seconds!

It's all a big win!

At the same time, he has a kind of enlightenment in his heart!

He was able to cut off the head of the Chitian Demon Puppet at the last moment, that was because he had awakened the SSS-level law - the true meaning of the heart!

It turns out that the purpose of this "truth assessment" is to stimulate the players to awaken the SSS-level "truth of the heart" rule!

The true meaning of the heart: the heaven and the earth are only me, and all things are only the heart!

My heart is my heart! I am invincible!

It turns out that in addition to the power of the soul, the power of the flesh, and the power of luck, there is a mysterious and powerful power in this world, that is, the power of the mind!

This kind of power is often awakened when there is no spiritual power and when the spirit is highly concentrated!

Those who can awaken are all people with great will, and it is extremely difficult for ordinary people to awaken, and it is rare to be one of the trillions.

The threshold for the power of the heart is too high!

It has no step-by-step thresholds for B grades, A grades, S grades, etc.!

Only when you wake up, it is SSS level, the power is amazing!

Qin Feng is a man of great will, and in such a situation, he awakened the "true meaning of the heart"!

Thinking about this, Qin Feng couldn't help but sigh in his heart, Tiandao is really well-intentioned!

That's the purpose of this test!

Afterwards, he felt fortunate that he successfully awakened the "True Meaning of Heart" law.

In this way, there is one more SSS-level law that he has mastered, reaching nine!

However, in terms of laws and methods, he has ten.

Although he did not master the law of cause and effect, he could use the 'God of Cause and Effect' to exert the power of the law of cause and effect.

In short, this assessment, his harvest is too great.

While awakening the "true meaning of the heart", he also awakened a magical power of law - a knowing strike!

[Knowing Strike (Elementary): Concentrate all your thoughts and burst out an invincible strike! The power is instantly doubled! 】

[Cooldown of magical powers: 10 seconds]

After figuring this out, Qin Feng is in a good mood.

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out from the head of Chi Tianmo Puppet and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: Killing the Chitian Demon Puppet was successful! You have gained 2 Gold Judgment Points! 】

[Your vocation has been promoted to Level 67 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)! 】

...

Qin Feng laughed!

His vocation has been upgraded again!

Then, he looked at the remnant of the Chi Tian Demon Puppet!

It's time for him to collect his loot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng lifted the 'Fa Xiangtiandi', returned to his normal appearance, walked to the head of the golem, and picked up the walnut-sized Daojing fragment.

The pieces are collected!

He can condense a complete blood gas crystal.

However, Qin Feng did not condense immediately, but looked at the torso of the golem in front of him!

This golem was just cut off from the head, and it is still well preserved!

In the future, if he can collect the corresponding materials, he may be able to repair it.

At that time, he will be able to have a puppet with a combat power of more than three billion stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away the puppet.

Finally, his eyes fell on the double-edged axe in front of him again!

[Chitian Axe: The limit of high-grade gods, the master is not recognized]

[Reminder: After refining, it can feed back 20,000 star combat power]

Another big gain!

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he sucked the Chi Tian Axe into his hand.

After watching it for a while, he put it away with satisfaction.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...