Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who defeated the target within 10 seconds. You have obtained the highest evaluation of this level and gained +150 Shenwu points.]

[Assessment reminder: Player Qin Feng has achieved 15 consecutive times, setting a good result of "the first in history", and won 4 times of points reward, you will get points +6 points in this level. 】

Huh~!

Four times as much!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The last level, the points are a surprise!

Om~!

At this moment, the assessment token in his hand trembled slightly, a faint white light lit up, and the points information was updated.

He quickly picked it up to check...

[Demigod Realm Assessment]: 6255 points

[Continuous assessment reward]: 2 points

[Comprehension Assessment]: 3532 points

[True meaning assessment]: 33 points

[Total total score]: 13287 points

After reading the data, Qin Feng smiled!

13287 points!

He is 350 points more than the first place on the Daozi Tian Ranking!

He won the position of the 'Chief Daozi'.

He already has the qualification for enlightenment of the 'One Road'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

However, the Daozi Tianbang has not been updated yet!

It is estimated that the list will not be updated until he leaves the assessment area and starts the promotion ceremony of 'False God Realm'.

For all this, he is not in a hurry.

Next, he has a big chance!

Thinking of this, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Assessment reminder: The player Qin Feng was detected, and his points exceeded 3 points in this assessment. Congratulations on activating the opportunity of the ‘Shenjia Treasure House’]

[Reminder by chance: You have 33 points in this assessment, and you can stay in the ‘Shenjia Treasure House’ for 3 seconds]

[Fortunate reminder: There is a corresponding test in the treasure house of Shenjia. If you can complete the test within 3 seconds, you can get all the treasures]

[Reminder of chance: In the treasure house of Shenjia, your spiritual power will still be sealed]

[Opportunity reminder: The treasure house entrance will be opened in 5 minutes, players please be prepared...]

[Countdown: 5 minutes and seconds...]

Qin Feng was surprised and delighted!

The treasure house opportunity has finally opened!

However, treasures are not so easy to obtain, and there are still tests, which are still under the condition of not using spiritual power.

Not using spiritual power is the suppression of combat power, and it is estimated that it will be related to combat.

And the time he stayed in the treasury was only 3 seconds, or 5 minutes.

He must complete the challenge within 5 minutes to have a chance to get the treasure.

It seems that he has to hurry up and make some preparations.

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly took out fifteen red crystal fragments from the storage ring.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

As soon as those fragments appeared, they all lit up in red and gathered together automatically!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a moment, fifteen fragments condensed into a red crystal the size of an egg, resembling a miniature planet!

All kinds of life illusions are brewing on its surface. Birds and beasts are as small as bacteria, but they have different levels of blood laws, which is amazing!

[Blood Qi Daojing: Fortune-level, heaven and earth wonders, contains 50% Dao rhyme of the blood avenue]

[Reminder: With SSS-level bloodline, you can refine this item and obtain 50% of the Dao rhyme of the Blood Road]

This is the complete Blood Qi Dao Crystal!

When Qin Feng thought about it, the blood-qi Daojing disappeared from his hands.

The next second, in the chaotic space, in the secret cultivation room of the city lord's palace.

Several mind bodies of Qin Feng are comprehending the Dao scroll.

huh~!

At this moment, the white light flashed in the secret room!

Blood Qi Dao Crystal appeared out of thin air!

The space next to the crystal was distorted, and another body of mind was born out of thin air.

In this chaotic space, as long as Qin Feng's thoughts move, a body of thoughts can be born, which can be described as endless.

As soon as the body of the mind appeared, he picked up the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal' and sat cross-legged directly, and started refining.

Qin Feng wanted to refine the blood qi dao crystal earlier, just to realize the avenue of blood earlier.

In that case, even if his spiritual power is sealed, his strength can be greatly increased, which will be of great help to his next challenges.

In this way, the mind body refines the 'Blood Dao Crystal' in the chaotic space!

Qin Feng was in the ring waiting for the treasure house to open again.

Chapter 783: Pantian Divine Axe! The pinnacle of creation!

In the blink of an eye, more than four minutes passed.

In the chaotic space, about three hours have passed.

With the improvement of strength, Qin Feng's mastery of the time force field has reached 20 times.

In the chaotic space, his mind body can still be used.

In addition, "Book of the Present World" can also display 20 times the time force field.

When the two phases are superimposed, the time force field is 40 times larger.

In this way, the chaotic space has been made into a cultivation land by him, which is very suitable for retreating and practicing.

"In about half a minute, the entrance is about to open!"

At this moment, Qin Feng was muttering in his heart, feeling a little nervous.

He still doesn't know, what exactly is the test in the treasure house?

Looking at the difficulty of the fifteenth level, the test of the treasure house should be more difficult.

And he can only stay in the treasure house for 3 seconds, the time is very short!

This makes him worry!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, he heard a huge roar from within the sea!

Countless earth-shattering powers of Dao rhyme radiated from the sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his whole body...

[Reminder: You have successfully refined the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal' and comprehended 50% of the Dao rhyme of blood...]

[Reminder: Your control over the SSS-level bloodline law has doubled, and your combat power is +100 million stars...]

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum soared.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, and the whole person entered an ethereal state of epiphany, consuming the infinite rhythm he just realized.

After a while, his momentum gradually stopped.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

This 'Blood Qi Daojing' is so powerful, it actually allowed him to increase his combat power by 100 million stars in one fell swoop!

Even better, he also got 50% of the Dao Rhyme of the Blood Avenue.

This kind of refining heaven and earth wonders, the speed of obtaining Dao rhyme from it is much faster than he slowly comprehends it!

Now, his mastery of all the rhythms of the 'Blood Avenue' has reached more than 97%, and he is just one line away from a complete epiphany.

When he fully understands the 'Broadway of Blood', his strength will definitely increase significantly.

Besides, he still has the 'Blood Avenue' scroll in his hand, which contains all the rhymes of the Blood Avenue.

His mind body is comprehending!

With the help of the scroll, he completely realized that it was only a matter of time!

This is the difference between the 'Road Scroll' and the 'Road Strange Object'.

The avenue scroll needs people to comprehend!

Dao strange objects do not need to be comprehended. After refining, they can immediately obtain their inner Dao rhyme, saving a lot of comprehension time.

However, the Dao rhyme contained in the Dao's strange objects is generally not complete.

Having said that, the God of Cause and Effect Monument also belongs to the Great Dao, but it contains the complete rhythm of the Dao of Cause and Effect and possesses the power of the Dao of Cause and Effect.

Now, Qin Feng has not long since obtained the 'Cause and Effect Stele', and has yet to discover its true magical effect!

This needs him to study slowly in the future!

correct!

He had awakened the 'True Meaning of the Heart' before, and just now refined the 'Blood Qi Dao Crystal', increasing his strength twice in a row.

I don't know, what level of his current comprehensive combat power has reached?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked it out...

[Level]: Level 81

[Holy Duty]: Level 67 (Intermediate Judgment Supreme)

[Luck]: 1123 times (advanced master of destiny)

[Combat Strength]: 7.637 billion

The combat power has reached 7.637 billion!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Having said that, now that his spiritual power is sealed, his combat power has reached 2.1 billion stars.

If you use the two supernatural powers of 'Fa Xiangtiandi' and 'Knowing Strike', the strength will be stronger.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng has some confidence in his heart.

Om~!

At this moment, the space ahead shook, and a white door of light appeared out of thin air!

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Opportunity reminder: The entrance to the treasure house of Shenjia has been opened, players please enter quickly...]

The treasury is open!

Qin Feng strode towards the door of light.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Soon, he entered the door of light.

After a whirl of white light, he steadied his feet, and a new scene appeared in front of him!