Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Announcement to the whole world: From now on, the village upgrade competition will start. 】

[For the first three villages to be upgraded to level 3, all villagers will receive 500 attribute rewards. The village chief gets 1000 attribute rewards. 】

[For the fourth to tenth villages upgraded to level 3, all villagers will receive 200 attribute rewards, and the village chief will receive 500 attribute rewards. 】

[Reminder: This village competition is limited to the novice assessment period. After the novice assessment period is exceeded, you will be promoted to level 3. The ranking will be invalid and there will be no rewards. 】

[Reminder: This competition is a benefit for the Blue Star Realm, I hope all forces will cherish it, I wish you good luck! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was shocked.

Qin Feng also widened his eyes in astonishment.

Damn it~ Pong!

1000 Attribute Rewards!

This is too big!

Chapter 97 Promotion to the Great Emperor! Soaring strength!

At this moment, the entire Blue Star Realm was boiling.

1000 attribute rewards!

It's so scary!

At the moment, Qin Feng hurriedly entered the chat channel, ready to mobilize all the villagers.

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Area 1, everyone was amazed.

"I bought it! 1000 attribute rewards? Did I hear it correctly?"

"You heard it right! It's really a 1000 attribute reward!"

"Oh! God! This is horrible too!"

"Yeah! However, only the top three village chiefs are eligible for such a high reward. Ordinary villagers are rewarded with 500 attribute points!"

"Oh! My God! 500 points is a lot. When we level up, we only gain 45 attributes. 500 points is 5 points more than even level 11."

"Wow! Terrible! It's terrifying! I want a reward like that too, Smecta!"

"Oh! Friends from Nanbang, if you want to get such a reward, you must first build your own village, and then you will be eligible to participate in the competition."

"Axi! The highest in our village is only level 7, and he is not even qualified to establish a village, let alone participate in the competition."

"Baga! The strongest person in our village is only level 8, and he is not qualified to participate!"

"Oh! Our village is even worse, the highest is only level 6!"

"God~! I envy those villages that can participate in the competition!"

"Yeah! This is a great opportunity bestowed by Heaven, Smecta!"

"By the way, we have a village in District 1 that can participate!"

"Oh! You mean 911 Village? It should be renamed Longyuan Village now."

"Yeah! So far, only Longyuan Village in our No. 1 area has this qualification."

As soon as these words fell, those Western dog things felt unhappy.

Nanbang Country, Asami Country, and Sakurajima Country were also unhappy in their hearts.

It's just that they didn't dare to show too much because they were afraid of Qin Feng, but their inner jealousy couldn't stop their sour words.

At that moment, Edward 540, who had been silent for a long time, jumped out.

Edward: "Oh! That friend, Longyuan Village is indeed eligible to participate, but I'm not optimistic about them."

"Why? Qin Feng's strength is very strong!"

Edward: "Oh! Friends! Qin Feng's strength is indeed very strong, but the upgrade of this village is based on overall strength, not personal strength."

Miyamoto Lang: "Edward-sang! You are very reasonable! Except for Qin Feng, the other villagers in Longyuan Village are useless. If they are holding back, Longyuan Village has no chance to get rewards!"

Amir: "As far as I know, apart from Qin Feng, there is no other person in Longyuan Village who has reached level 8. It is almost impossible to enter the top ten in the competition with such strength."

Park Chengxin: "Mr. Amir, you are wrong. It's not almost impossible, it's not at all possible, Smecta!"

At this moment, those dog things sang badly about Longyuan Village.

The people of Longguo in 34 villages, 77 villages, and 618 villages were very upset, and they came out one by one to respond.

In the chat channel, there was another violent quarrel.

At the same moment, the Longyuan Village chat channel was completely fried.

"So excited! I'm so excited!"

"Haha! Village upgrade competition! Entering the top three villages, all villagers can get 500 attributes."

"Fuck~! 500 attribute points! I can't even imagine it!"

"If each of us can get 500 attribute points, we will be able to carry 100% of the punishment after the novice assessment."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Haha! Not to mention the top three, even the fourth to tenth place, there are 200 attribute rewards."

"Yeah! Even with 200 attribute rewards, it's not difficult for us to withstand the attack of the Heaven Punisher."

"Woo! When I think of this, I'm so excited that I want to cry!"

"Girl upstairs, don't get excited, we haven't won the game yet!"

"Yes! Everyone, please don't speak first, please ask Qin Feng boss to speak!"

"Boss Qin Feng, just say a few words! What should we do next?"

At this moment, everyone was impatient.

Seeing this, Qin Feng began to speak.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, this village upgrade competition is indeed a big opportunity for us, and it may even be the last opportunity for the novice stage, so we must seize it!"

"Boss is right!"

"Makes sense!"

"My God! Is it the last chance in the novice period? I'm so panicked! I'm so worried! We will miss the opportunity."

"Yeah! I'm also nervous! This time, we must not miss it!"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, don't be nervous, we just need to do our best."

"Boss is right! We just need to do our best."

"Let's listen to the boss!"

"Haha! If I can make it to the top ten this time, I will give my life to it!"

Qin Feng: "Stop gossip! This time the village upgrade competition is based on the upgrade to level 3, and it must be before the end of the novice assessment period."

Qin Feng: "That is to say, we have less than five days left. The time is very urgent. The current level of our village is level 0."

Qin Feng: "Then our next goal is to upgrade the village to level 1. To reach level 1, five standards must be met."

Qin Feng: "The first point is that the population has reached more than 500 people. We have already satisfied this point."

Qin Feng: "Second point, the village chief must obtain the title of 'The Great Novice'. I will do this."

Qin Feng: "The third point, the village chief's wooden house must be upgraded to level 2. This is also my job."

Qin Feng: "Fourth point, in the village, the number of first-level novice cabins must reach more than 100, currently there are 67, and you still need to work hard."

Qin Feng: "The fifth point is that there are 10 strong people above level 10. At present, apart from me, there are still 9 places left. In my opinion, this is also the most difficult point."

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

"Yeah! Boss Liu Xuan, who ranks second in level, is only level 8. It's a little troublesome to upgrade to level 10."

"Fuck~! Saying this, we should have dragged Qin Feng's boss!"

"Yeah! Boss Qin Feng is too good, we are too ordinary. This...this...hey! Boss, we are ashamed!"

Qin Feng: "Brothers, you don't have to belittle yourselves! Don't forget, we won five consecutive bets, and we got a lot of attribute rewards when we established the village. Everyone has the ability to kill monsters by leaping rank, and it is not difficult to upgrade."

Qin Feng: "Besides, our village is very rich in resources, and there is no shortage of beasts at all. As long as everyone is willing to work hard, it will be very fast to reach level 10."

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng is right! My current progress is 97% at level 7, and I can upgrade to level 8 soon. But I can go to level 3 and kill level 10 directly. The upgrade speed is very fast!"

Longshan: "Haha! I just upgraded the novice cabin to level 1 and received 50 attribute bonuses. Now, I can kill monsters at level 3. I can also kill monsters at level 10."

Wu Yong: "Haha! Me too!"

Lei Jue: "I can also kill monsters at level 3!"

"Wow! The bosses in our village are all sturdy! They can kill monsters at level 3, but I can only get at level 2. Hey! My talent is too weak."

"Upstairs, level 2 is good! Don't be so greedy!"

"Haha! Everyone, with our village bosses' ability to kill monsters by leaps and bounds, they should be able to rise to level 10 soon."

"Of course it is!"

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited.

Qin Feng was also quite pleased.

Qin Feng: "Then this time, the top ten in the ranking list have to work hard. I hope you will rise to level 10 sooner!"

Liu Xuan: "Boss, this is no problem!"

Longshan: "I'm fine too!"

Several people in the top ten complied with their promises, and all of them were full of fighting spirit.

At this time, Gu Ming's avatar jumped.

He ranks sixth.

Gu Ming: "Boss, I have a problem,"

Qin Feng: "what's the problem?"

Gu Ming: "Hey! The top ten ranks have all upgraded the novice cabins, but I haven't upgraded yet. This will delay the time for me to kill monsters and upgrade."

Qin Feng: "What materials are you currently lacking?"

Gu Ming: "There are still 3 units of wood missing!"

Qin Feng: "Okay! I'll give you 3 units of lumber. After you upgrade the wooden house, hurry up and upgrade."

Gu Ming was excited: "Boss, you are so kind! However, you don't need to give me your wood. You can donate it directly, and I'll get it. I can't ask for your things for nothing. And everyone, after the boss donates the wood, don't grab it. what!"

Liu Xuan: "Don't worry! No one will grab it!"

Wu Yong: "Whoever robs will destroy the unity!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, and directly donated 3 units of wood.

Soon, Gu Ming received it smoothly.

Everyone was happy.

Gu Ming: "Haha! I got 3 units of wood. I can finally upgrade the wooden house and finally get 50 attribute rewards. It's really exciting!"

Gu Ming: "Boss! Thank you!"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, stop gossip! Everyone, hurry up and act!"

"Let's all act!"

"Hey! I can't wait!"

"Everyone, come and chop wood together!"

"I don't kill monsters anymore, I will accompany you to cut wood!"

"Haha! I'm going too!"

"Anyone quarrying with me?"