Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

According to Tiandao's instructions, as long as it can kill an intruder, Tiandao will shape it into a real life!

Thinking of this, the spirit of guarding the temple is excited!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【The challenge begins! Timing: 0…]

Boom~!

As soon as the timing started, the spirit of guarding the temple came directly to Qin Feng!

It can't wait!

In the blink of an eye, it's coming close!

Swish~!

The divine axe of the heavens, splitting the sky!

Where the light of the axe through the sky passes, the heaven and the earth are torn apart, and the law is destroyed!

The momentum of that axe suddenly reached 7 billion stars!

This actually surpassed the existing combat power of the spirit of guarding the temple, and it was extremely terrifying!

Obviously, that is the result of the blessing of many laws!

Qin Feng was horrified!

He suddenly realized a bad problem!

The attack of this spirit of guarding the temple is blessed by law, and its power is amazing, which can exceed its own combat power!

In terms of defense, will it also exceed its original defense power?

Swish~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the giant axe was near the top of his head, and he was about to slash down and split him in half!

At the same moment, in the eyes of the spirit of guarding the temple, there was a light of excitement!

In its view, this human being is dead!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~!

The axe smashed into the air, and smashed heavily on the ground!

Click~!

The hard ground is cracked and cracked!

huh~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng has appeared behind the spirit of guarding the temple!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At that moment, he was showing the world of Faxiang and turned into a giant with a height of tens of thousands of meters, and his aura soared to about 2.7 billion stars!

Afterwards, the power of the mind, the power of the soul, and the power of luck were blessed one after another!

Boom~Long~Long~!

His momentum skyrocketed again, reaching 3.2 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

Immediately afterwards, the Chi Tian Axe in Qin Feng's hand lit up with a shocking white light!

The true meaning of the heart!

A heart attack!

The magic power is activated again!

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng only has the target in front of him!

Heaven and earth are only me, all things are spiritual!

At that moment, he had an invincible heart in his heart!

Everything between heaven and earth is static in his eyes!

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed away with an axe with all his strength!

The attack power of that axe doubled in an instant, suddenly reaching 6.4 billion stars, which was exactly equal to the momentum of the spirit of guarding the temple!

That axe not only doubled its power, but also doubled its attack speed instantly, like a bolt of lightning!

A heart attack!

Double everything!

Attack and speed are all increased!

When~!

In the blink of an eye, the axe slashed on the back of the temple guard!

All of a sudden, sparks are flying around!

The symphony of gold and iron resounded through the temple!

Wherever the sound waves go, the void is shattered, and the scene is terrifying!

In the next second, Qin Feng's hands were numb, and his whole body was shaken back a hundred feet.

The spirit of guarding the temple was also staggered forward and staggered forward for several hundred meters before stabilizing his body!

Looking at the place where it was split on the back, only a shallow white mark was left, and it was not hurt at all!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the white seal lit up with an aura, and it was instantly repaired!

The Pantian Divine Armor is the pinnacle of creation and has a self-healing function, which is stronger than ordinary Divine Armor!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was extremely depressed!

He unleashed a full-strength strike, but he did nothing!

It's hard to do now!

"Humble human being! You are courting death!"

At this time, the spirit of guarding the temple stabilized his body and spit out human words!

I saw it slowly turned around and looked at Qin Feng with a look of shock and anger!

It never thought that the human beings in front of him could unleash such a terrifying blow!

However, with that kind of combat power, trying to break his defense is simply wishful thinking!

Besides, he also saw that Qin Feng couldn't make such attacks continuously!

Boom~!

With this in mind, the spirit of guarding the temple came to Qin Feng again!

This movement of it is earth-shattering, its momentum covers the sky and the ground, the entire temple is shaking, and its power is extremely terrifying!

hey~!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart.

A heart attack!

There is a 10 second cooldown!

Without a knowing blow, he dared to face the spirit of guarding the temple face-to-face!

I'm only afraid that if you meet each other, you will be hacked to death!

In desperation, he picked up a seal and displayed a time delay on the spirit of the temple guard!

The speed of the spirit of guarding the temple was instantly slowed down tenfold, but its momentum was monstrous, covering the world and still covering Qin Feng!

The two sides will fight again!

Qin Feng didn't dare to fight against each other, so he could only use his superior speed to keep dodging attacks.

In this way, Qin Feng and the guardian spirit struggled bitterly...

At the same moment, the battle outside the Blue Star Realm, the planetary formation, has undergone tremendous changes!

I saw God Lucifer, surrounded by a huge silver shield, exuding a heaven-shattering aura, and the breath was extremely amazing.

It was actually a top-grade divine shield called the Holy Spirit Shield!

If it weren't for the help of the Holy Spirit Shield, he would have been defeated by the four clones long ago.

At this moment, Lucifer is extremely depressed.

He never thought that the strength of the four avatars would continue to improve.

Today, the combat power of the four avatars has broken through 6.2 billion stars. Together, they can completely suppress him.

Fortunately, he still has the Holy Spirit Shield. With its super defensive power, he has repeatedly resisted the joint attacks of the four clones, allowing him to maintain an undefeated situation.

"Damn it! Could it be that this guy's secret technique has no time limit? Why hasn't it been attacked?"

While Lucifer was struggling to support, he cursed in his heart!

Until this moment, he thought that the strength of the four clones had improved because of the use of secret techniques!

There is still a bit of luck in his heart, eager to fight back!

In this way, God Lucifer can only defend and not attack, and uses the shield of the Holy Spirit to protect himself and support him hard!

As long as there is the 'Holy Spirit Shield', no matter how strong the four avatars are, there is no way to take him for a while.

He firmly believes that he can last until the moment when the four avatars are attacked by the secret technique!

By then, he's won!

At the same moment, inside the planetary barrier.

The audience was already amazed!

They started from the disadvantage of the four clones, and they have always seen that the four clones have the absolute upper hand.

They really don't understand, how did Master Qin Feng do it?

The strength of its and the three clones is actually getting stronger and stronger!

Looking at this situation, it is estimated that in a few hours, Lord Qin Feng's side will be able to win the battle.

At this thought, everyone sighed even more.

It's just that they didn't realize that among the crowd, a blond man in a white robe was silently watching the battle outside the barrier.

This blond man is none other than Raphael!

He has been watching it all the time!

Even if Lucius has completely fallen behind, he only slightly curled the corners of his mouth, looking like he was watching a good show.

"This Lucifer should be able to last for two or three hours! It's getting more and more interesting!"

Raphael smiled slightly, with a playful tone in his tone.

But the voice just fell, and the front side changed suddenly!𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

I saw the three avatars of Bing Ling, Wood Spirit, and Phantom Mirage shot together and slashed towards Lucifer!

God Lucifer panicked, and he quickly sacrificed the Holy Spirit Shield!

Om~!