Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The spirit shield shines brightly!

Meet the joint strike of the three avatars!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

The Holy Spirit Shield blocked the three clone attacks!

The harsh sound waves rippling around!

The star formation also trembled!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Lucifer breathed a sigh of relief, his eyes overflowing with pride.

His 'Holy Spirit Shield' is of the highest grade of the gods, how could it be so easy to break through? 747

But it was only when he had this idea that the Moon Spirit clone came to kill again!

Swish~!

I saw the moon spirit clone slashed with a sword!

God Lucifer smiled coldly, and once again sacrificed the Holy Spirit Shield.

This time, he didn't panic at all!

The three avatars joined forces, and none of them could break his spiritual shield defense.

Just this Yueling clone wants to break his defense, it's a dream!

Om~!

In just a split second, the Holy Spirit Shield released its divine light and took the initiative to face the attack of the Moon Spirit clone!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

The aura of the Moon Spirit clone suddenly changed!

His eyes suddenly became extremely determined!

A heart attack!

Magical power activated!

At that moment, the Moon Spirit clone only had the target in front of him!

Heaven and earth are only me, all things are spiritual!

Everything between heaven and earth is static in his eyes!

Om~!

The long sword in his hand suddenly lit up with a shocking white light, and his momentum continued to skyrocket!

An invincible thought emanated from him!

"Hey! This is..."

Lucifer vaguely felt bad!

In the distance, in the crowd, Raphael's eyes widened in astonishment!

The true meaning of the heart!

Did this guy understand the true meaning of the heart?

That is the spiritual power that only has the opportunity to awaken after the soul power reaches the level of the **** king!

Even if a strong person in the God King Realm can awaken the "true meaning of the heart", it is difficult to find one among ten thousand people.

But the guy in front of him, his soul power has not yet reached the level of a **** king!

Is it his body...

Raphael seemed to have thought of something, and looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation in astonishment!

He seems to know that Qin Feng is in the temple of creation...

And Qin Feng awakened the "true meaning of the heart", which greatly exceeded his expectations...

Swish~!

At this moment, Yueling's clone slashed down with a sword!

At that moment, his attack doubled, surpassing 12 billion stars, which was comparable to a blow from a **** king!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

puff~!

Blood splashes!

That sword actually split the shield of the Holy Spirit, and even split the God Lucifer in half!

Boom~!

The whole place was shaking!

Everyone has their mouths open!

The field became dead silent!

Chapter seven hundred and eighty fifth epiphany road! Soaring strength!

At this moment, everyone is dumbfounded!

They never thought that the Moon Spirit clone would suddenly show great power and split Lucius into two halves with a single sword!

But in the next second, the Lucius who was split in half quickly gathered together, reorganized his body, and quickly fused and repaired the wound!

He wanted to be resurrected!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

But at this moment, the attack of the three clones of Wood Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Mirage arrived again!

The resurrected Lucy can't dodge at all!

The Holy Spirit Shield is also in the process of self-restructuring and repairing, it is too late to take the initiative to protect the Lord!

Immediately, three violent attacks hit Lucius directly!

"No~~!"

Lucifer roared in panic!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

With three loud bangs!

Lucifer was blasted on the spot and turned into a **** fog!

But in the next second, the blood mist rolled rapidly, trying to reorganize into a human form!

That Lucifer wasn't completely dead, and was still struggling to be resurrected.

At the moment, the four avatars took action one after another, bombarding the blood fog frantically, preventing it from condensing and rebirth!

At the same time, the four avatars also used the Soul Killer from time to time to bombard the soul body hidden in the blood mist.

Suddenly, the screams of God Lucifer continued to be heard in the blood mist!

"Damn it! You... why haven't you been attacked by the secret art!"

So far, he is still lucky!

The four clones sneered and increased their attack.

The soul breath of God Lucy began to be weakened a little bit!

But he is a quasi-god king after all, and his soul body is extremely powerful. If he wants to defeat his soul body in one fell swoop, he will not be able to do it for a while.

After all, the damage to the soul body of the God King is very limited.

However, under the furious attack of the four avatars, the soul of God Lucy was quickly weakened!

At this speed, within an hour at most, he will be dissipated, and he will die!

This time, Lucifer is completely anxious!

"No~! No! You...you can't kill me! I am the chief general of the Lord Yeshen of the Bright God Domain! If you kill me, Lord Yeshen will avenge me!"

"He is a pinnacle-level existence of the God King! If he takes action, he can destroy your Blue Star Realm with one finger! He knows the location of your Blue Star Realm!"

Lucifer roared loudly!

Up to now, he is still threatening the four avatars!

In fact, he was extremely anxious!

The body was bombed, and the soul was constantly hurt!

In this way, even if he is resurrected, his strength will drop because his soul body is damaged!

However, he broke out of the backstage Lord Yeshen, presumably this Qin Feng child will be afraid!

Sure enough, the four avatars changed slightly when they heard that Ye Shen was the pinnacle of the Divine King.

Inside the planetary barrier, the expressions of countless spectators changed greatly!

Gosh!

That guy actually has a backstage of the peak of the **** king!

Things are not going well now!

The range of combat power in the early days of the God King is 100 million to 200 million stars!

The combat power range of the mid-term King of God is 200 million to 400 million stars!

The combat power range of the peak of the God King is 400 million to 800 million stars!

If Lord Yeshen in the mouth of Lucius is the pinnacle of God King, then the combat power will be at least 400 million stars!

Such a peerless power can destroy a planet with just one blow!

Of course, only the last planets like the 'Blue Star Realm' can be destroyed!

The higher the planet level, the stronger the planet's enchantment, the stronger the various protections, and the harder it is to destroy!

If it is a fifth-class star realm, the pinnacle of the **** king wants to destroy it, but it can't be done!

But as long as you bombard it a few more times, the peak of the **** king can also bombard the fifth-class star realm!

In short, the power of the god-king peak level is really terrifying!

If the Blue Star Realm offends such an almighty, wouldn't it be completely over?

At this thought, the audience immediately panicked!

When the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, people like them who are not even in the demigod realm will also be destroyed along with them.

If you want to wander and survive in the endless starry sky, you must at least have the strength above the demigod realm.

At this moment, don't say that everyone panicked, even the four avatars were horrified.

Qin Feng knows that there is the existence of God, that is the body of God!

I just didn't expect that the strength of God is so strong!

It seemed that the four avatars had different expressions, and Lucius immediately became even more proud.

"Boy! If you let the deity go, the debt will be written off! If you are still obsessed, Lord Yeshen will never let you go'!"

"You must know that this deity is the only quasi-god king under Lord Yeshen. This deity holds a very high weight in Lord Yeshen's heart, and the soul card of this deity is in Lord Yeshen's hands!"

"If I die, Lord Yeshen will notice it immediately. He will definitely come to take revenge!"

"If you know each other a little bit, just hand over what Lord Yeshen wants, and then let the deity go away! The deity guarantees that you are safe and sound!"

Lucifer's tone was full of pride!

He thought that the four avatars were really scared!