Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

But I didn't want to, after the four avatars heard it, they all sneered in their hearts.

Qin Feng destroyed Yeshen's incarnation and killed so many of Yeshen's subordinates, and he has long forged a deadly vengeance!

How could he let Lucifer go?

Besides, he really isn't necessarily afraid of God!

When Qin Feng leaves the treasure house, he can be promoted to False God realm!

At that time, his strength will definitely skyrocket!

And the second floor of the Holy Land will also be opened, and there are a lot of opportunities waiting for him.

When he left the second floor of the Holy Land, he might not be afraid of God Lucifer!

Thinking of this, Yueling clone sneered: "Dream!!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, he attacked the blood fog!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The Wood Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Mirage clones also attacked wildly at the same time!

Suddenly, an earth-shattering bombardment sounded in the starry sky!

In the blood fog, the shrill and pitiful roar of Lucifer continued to be heard!

"You...you are crazy!"

"How dare you offend... Lord God!"

"If I die! Lord Yeshen will never let you go! Ah~~!"

The four avatars ignored it at all, but instead accelerated their efforts to bombard the soul body in the blood mist...

The soul and body breath of God Lucy was constantly weakened in this way.

His tragic roar became more and more rapid, and his tone became more and more flustered.

Inside the planetary barrier, everyone watched this scene silently with complicated expressions.

They hoped that Qin Feng could destroy Lucifer, and they were worried that they would offend Yeshen and receive revenge from Yeshen!

For the Blue Star Realm, that would be a disaster!

After all, the Blue Star Realm is too weak, and it is still a last-class star realm!

In the crowd, Rafi silently watched the scene in front of him, still not intending to shoot.

Instead, he nodded slightly, secretly thinking that Qin Feng boy, he really has some courage, dare to fight against the peak of the **** king!

I just don't know, what kind of strength is that kid now?

Thinking of this, Raphael raised his head and looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation...

At this moment, the Temple of Fortune, the mysterious treasure house.

Qin Feng has fought with the spirit of guarding the temple for 289 seconds!

During this period of time, Qin Feng has been pressed and beaten by the spirit of guarding the temple, and he has no backhand power at all.

With his 3.2 billion star combat power, he would not dare to fight the spirit of guarding the temple head-on!

You can only rely on various skills and speed to avoid the mad attack of the guarding spirit!

From time to time, he strikes back with a knowing attack!

But such a counterattack would not hurt the spirit of the temple guard in the slightest.

This makes Qin Feng unable to worry!

He was running out of time, only about 11 seconds left.

If he can't think of a way to break the game, he will miss such an opportunity.

On the other side, the spirit of guarding the temple is also anxious.

Its mission goal is to kill Qin Feng!

If Qin Feng is not killed, it will not be rewarded by Heaven, and it will not be able to become a living being.

"Damn humans! Why don't you dare to fight me head-to-head!"

Boom~!

The spirit of guarding the hall roared, and slaughtered Qin Feng again, with a shocking momentum and a speed as fast as thunder!

In a blink of an eye, it came close!

Qin Feng quickly started a seal!

Time delay!

Skill activated!

Om~!

In just an instant, the invisible power of time was exerted on the temple spirit.

The speed of the guardian spirit suddenly slowed down, becoming one-tenth of the original!

roar~!

The spirit of guarding the temple is roaring violently!

It's this trick again!

Although it has also mastered a time skill, it is a time force field to assist cultivation, and it cannot solve the time delay at all!

".‖damn it!"

The spirit of guarding the temple roared and slashed down with an axe!

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and escaped a thousand feet away!

Bang~!

That axe chopped the air!

The ground cracked and the temple shook!

Taking this opportunity, Qin Feng wanted to counterattack!

Even if he knew that the counterattack was useless, he didn't want to give up, which was not in line with his character...

But at this moment, Qin Feng suddenly changed!

A monstrous Dao power suddenly radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his whole body...

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed wildly, and the blood in his whole body suddenly boiled...

At that moment, Qin Feng also entered an ethereal state of epiphany...

[Congratulations on your awakening the Innate Avenue - the Blood Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +300 million stars]

[Congratulations to your bloodline for being blessed with the power of the Dao, and it will automatically advance to Dao-level bloodline]

In just a moment, Qin Feng's 300 million star power has skyrocketed!

His eyes also recovered in an instant, and there was ecstasy in his eyes!

He actually realized the avenue of blood at this moment, and truly mastered the power of an innate avenue!

This also caused him to instantly increase his 300 million star combat power!

It's so powerful!

It seems that the epiphany is the best way to improve strength!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before Qin Feng was happy, there was another earth-shattering roar in his consciousness!

His chaotic space is shaking violently, and it continues to expand and expand, and its aura is also constantly getting stronger!

That is the chaotic space being strengthened by the power of the 'Broadway of Blood'!

In a blink of an eye, the chaotic space became larger, from a radius of 100,000 miles to a radius of 150,000 miles!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your 'Chaos Space' has been successfully integrated with the power of the 'Broadway of Blood' and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 300 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed again!

In a blink of an eye, he has increased his combat power by 300 million stars!

Qin Feng was surprised!

At this moment, he understood the benefits of being the Lord of the Universe.

Other great powers have an epiphany to realize a kind of congenital avenue, and they will gain a 300 million star combat power increase!

However, he can obtain a 600 million star combat power upgrade, which is twice that of other great powers!

That's because he still has a chaotic space that can be strengthened by the power of the Dao, giving him back the power of the world!

This is the special treatment of the 'Master of the Universe'!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng's combat power has skyrocketed to 3.8 billion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Chapter 786 Time and Space Shuttle! One hit kill!

Swish~!

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air suddenly sounded!

A dazzling axe light quickly passed through the air!

In an instant, it was cut in front of Qin Feng!

The attack of the Guardian Spirit has arrived!

At this moment, its eyes are full of grim smiles!

Just now, after Qin Feng avoided its axe, it was about to pursue and kill, but suddenly found that Qin Feng was standing there in a daze!

It doesn't know why this human is in a daze!

But this is a good opportunity to start!

This human is so disgusting!

Use the speed all the time to make it impossible to attack!

Right now, there is a chance to attack!

Just get hit by it head on!

This human must die!

Swish~!

That axe slashed down with all its strength, carrying the potential to destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

The joy in the eyes of the guardian spirit is getting stronger and stronger!

It seems to have seen victory!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

But at this moment, Qin Feng woke up from his enlightenment, and his eyes were clear for a while!

huh~!

Next breath, white light flashes!

Bang~!

The spirit of guarding the temple suddenly smashed into the air with an axe!

The earth was cracked by it again!