At the same moment, Qin Feng had teleported behind it and shot it suddenly!

A heart attack!

Magical power activated!

At that moment, his entire personality changed drastically, and he only had the target ahead in his eyes!

Heaven and earth are only me, all things are spiritual!

Everything between heaven and earth is static in his eyes!

Om~!

The Chi Tian Axe in his hand lit up with a shocking white light, and the momentum continued to skyrocket, doubled in an instant, and slashed towards the back of the temple guarding spirit!

"damn it!"

The spirit of guarding the temple sensed it instantly.

His eyes are full of anger and disdain!

It's the same trick again!

But such an attack is useless to it at all!

This thought only came to me, and Qin Feng's axe was already cut off!

When~!

Gold and iron symphony!

Sparks fly!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The Pantian Divine Armor was smashed by an axe, and it was blown to pieces, revealing the transparent body of the guardian spirit!

The spirit of guarding the hall 817 was staggered, and it was difficult for him to stabilize his body.

Then, it suddenly turned its head and looked at Qin Feng in horror!

It never expected that this human's sudden increase in combat power would break its defenses!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He finally broke the defense successfully!

Without the assistance of the Pantian Divine Armor, the aura of the guardian spirit has plummeted to 4 billion stars, which is a good time to kill it!

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and killed the hall spirit, and he was about to take another shot, a one-hit lore!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of light and shadow, and the fragments of the divine armor that were torn apart, like the speed of light, instantly converged on the temple spirit.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, the Pantian Divine Armor repaired itself perfectly, and everything was back to normal!

Boom~!

The momentum of the spirit of guarding the temple also instantly recovered to 6.4 billion stars!

This is the extraordinary thing about the Fortune-level Divine Armor!

Even if it is bombed, it can be repaired in an instant!

Qin Feng was suddenly dumbfounded!

In this way, his previous knowing blow was in vain!

What's more terrifying is that there are only 9 seconds left, and the cooldown of Critical Strike is 10 seconds!

He didn't have time to wait for the second knowing blow!

But without the assistance of a "knowing blow", he couldn't break the defense of the temple spirit at all!

Is this challenge doomed to fail?

"Human! Go to hell!"

At this moment, the spirit of guarding the hall roared wildly and slashed at Qin Feng with an axe!

Swish~!

Axe flashes!

scoff~~~!

The world is torn apart!

It was a blow that was comparable to 7 billion stars, carrying monstrous anger, and slashed at Qin Feng!

The spirit of guarding the temple has already seen through Qin Feng's strength!

Without the help of a knowing blow, this human being is vulnerable in front of it!

scoff~~~!

The divine axe ripped apart the space and instantly approached the top of Qin Feng's head.

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Qin Feng put away a seal and activated the skill instantly!

Back in time!

Om~!

Suddenly, the world shook, and the universe was reversed!

All the time lines around it flow backwards at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The axe slashed by the spirit of guarding the temple retreated strangely!

The Pantian Divine Armor on its body also cracked strangely!

In the blink of an eye, its attack was withdrawn, the armor was separated from the body, its true body was exposed, and its momentum plummeted!

Everything is back to the way it was before!

The spirit of guarding the temple was suddenly a little stunned!

This is the moment!

Qin Feng's heart moved, his eyebrows suddenly opened, and the **** of punishment appeared!

huh~!

A holy light of divine punishment lased out and slammed directly to the guarding spirit in front!

"not good!"

The spirit of guarding the temple responded immediately!

With a thought, it summoned God Armor again!

But all this is too late!

puff~!

A soft sound!

The divine light of punishment instantly penetrated the spirit of the guard!

"Ah~~!"

Terrible roar!

Echoes in the sky above the hall!

In the next second, the spirit of guarding the temple shattered into pieces and turned into starlight in the sky!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief!

Everything is as he expected, this temple spirit is the existence of the spirit body, and the divine light of punishment is its nemesis!

If you use a normal attack, you will definitely not be able to kill with one hit!

If it doesn't die in one hit, it can recall the divine armor and return to the peak of its combat power!

At that time, Qin Feng will never have a chance to kill it again!

Fortunately, he has a supernatural power - the divine light of punishment!

It is the nemesis of all spirits!

At this moment, the unwilling roar of the hall spirit still echoes in the sky above the hall!

The scattered starlight is gradually dissipating!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out of the starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed the spirit of guarding the temple (evil spirit) and obtained +5 gold judgment value. 】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 68 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

【Your strength index increases by 5 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded again!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

At this rate, he will soon be promoted to High Judge Supreme.

"Huh! That is?"

Suddenly, Qin Feng discovered that after the spirit of guarding the temple dissipated, there was still a walnut-sized blue spar, exuding an amazing breath!

He quickly waved his hand and took the blue spar into his hand...

[Yuqing Daojing (Wind): Fortune grade, contains 50% of the Dao rhyme of the Wind Road]

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the S-level extreme wind law]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he was surprised again.

He didn't expect that there was an unexpected big gain!

The avenue of wind is one of the avenues of the day after tomorrow!

As long as it is the Dao, whether it is acquired or innate, it is extremely difficult to have an epiphany.

But as long as he realizes it, his strength will be greatly improved.

Besides, if he wants to put on the Pantian Divine Armor, he must first comprehend the twelve acquired avenues.

Among the twelve Houtian avenues, one is the avenue of wind!

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked up at Pantian Shenjia.

I saw Pantian Divine Armor, which has been automatically decomposed into twelve Divine Armor, suspended in the air, emitting a dazzling aura.

His gaze couldn't help but fall on one of the blue divine armors...

[Fengtian God Armor: Innate Artifact, Fortune Grade]

[You need to master the avenue of wind before refining it]

[Reminder: After refining, you can get 200 million star divine power back! 】Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Seeing this **** armor, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He can't use the Pantian Divine Armor for the time being, but he can use this Fengtian Divine Armor first!

As long as he refines the Yuqing Daojing (wind) in his hand, there is a high chance that he will realize the avenue of wind.

The condition for refining jade Qing Daojing (wind) is to master the S-level extreme wind law.

The law of the wind system can generally only reach A grade, and if you want to reach S grade, it is rare to see one in hundreds of millions.