Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Coincidentally, Qin Feng killed the old ancestor of Fengshen who was in the virtual **** realm in the struggle for hegemony with the ancestors of reincarnation and other forces, and obtained the strange object of heaven and earth - the ancestor of wind.

After he fused that ancestral talisman, he promoted his wind element talent from A rank to S rank!

In this way, he has the qualification to refine Yuqing Daojing.

"I didn't expect that the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind, which was obtained by accident before, has a magical effect at this moment!"

Qin Feng put away Yuqing Daojing with satisfaction.

Having said that, where did the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind God ancestors come from?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

In the future, he would like to realize that the twelve acquired avenues needed by Pantian Shenjia must first be promoted to S rank, such as the laws of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth.

Only when the understanding of the law has reached the extreme can we proceed to the next step of enlightenment!

And to upgrade those laws to S-level, it may have to rely on the ancestral talisman to improve.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, you successfully killed the spirit of guarding the temple and completed the treasure house challenge! 】

【You can take away all the treasures in this treasure house! After 5 seconds, this treasure house will be permanently closed! 】

【Countdown: 5…】

As soon as the reminder came out, the axe and twelve innate armors flew towards Qin Feng...

He happily put away the twelve innate divine armors, then picked up the divine axe, and watched it with love...

This is a treasure at the pinnacle of creation!

Unfortunately, he is temporarily unavailable!

He needs to realize the Great Way of Creation and the Great Way of Opening Heaven before he can refine them and use them.

Looking at the Pantian Divine Axe in his hand, Qin Feng's heart moved.

He felt inexplicably that this Pantian axe had some similarities with the Pangu axe in Longbi mythology.

And that Pangu, and the Twelve Ancestors.

Does this correspond to the Pantian Divine Armor and the Twelve Innate Divine Armor?

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more interesting he felt.

The myth of Longbi and this world are vaguely inextricably linked.

This made him even more curious about Judgment God Realm!

The Judgment Divine Realm and the ancestor of Longbi have a great relationship.

Om~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, an exit light door appeared in front of him.

The Vault is permanently closed!

Can't stay anymore!

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, and walked straight into the exit light door...

In the next second, he returned to the previous assessment arena.

The entire arena is empty, surrounded by endless starry sky, it looks very deserted!

At this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in the starry sky...

[Congratulations to contestant Qin Feng for completing the true meaning assessment! Your False God Realm assessment is over]

[It was detected that the score of Qin Feng reached 13,287 points, and he won the Daozi-level evaluation and ranked first in Daozi]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng for becoming the chief Daozi and obtaining the permission to comprehend the 'One Road' scroll]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng for becoming the chief Daozi, who received double 'Daozi' rewards, as well as personal special rewards, which will be issued when you are promoted to False God realm]

[Contestants please be prepared, and start the promotion ceremony of 'False God Realm' in one minute.]RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He can finally be promoted to the False God realm! .

PS: Dear readers, it is the beginning of the month, and the little author asks for a monthly pass! .

Chapter 787 Realm promotion! Dao-level False God!

At the moment, Qin Feng is looking forward to the start of the promotion ceremony.

At the same time, in the chaotic space, inside the secret cultivation room.

Qin Feng's several mind bodies are all comprehending the Dao scroll.

One of the 'Blood Avenue' scrolls in the hands of the mind body was spontaneously igniting without fire, and instantly turned into a plume of blue smoke!

Dao Cheng roll pin!

Once the avenue is completed, the scroll will be automatically destroyed!

An avenue scroll can only be comprehended by one person.

When the blue smoke dissipated, the mind body waved, and there was a purple avenue scroll in front of him.

It is the 'One Road'~scroll!

One Road!

The most mysterious innate avenue!

Om~!

At this moment, the scroll - slowly unfolded!

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

The seal covered on it was cracked and shattered, revealing lines of purple-gold inscriptions!

That mind body showed a happy smile!

As soon as his body became the chief Daozi, the scroll seal was automatically broken, and he could comprehend.

Immediately, he picked up the scroll and thirst for enlightenment.

He just glanced at it, and a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

This 'One Road' is really mysterious!

He only comprehended a little, and could feel the difficulty of comprehending the 'One Road', which is far greater than any innate avenue, and more than ten times more difficult than the cause and effect avenue!

The most difficult thing to comprehend in the congenital avenue is the cause and effect avenue!

Among the innate avenues, the avenue of blood is one of the easiest to comprehend!

This time, Qin Feng was able to successfully comprehend the 'Broadway of Blood', both because of the assistance of the Blood Qi Daojing, and because of the low difficulty of comprehension.

However, no matter how easy it is to comprehend the Great Dao of Blood, it is ten times more difficult than the 'Acquired Dao'.

With this in mind, the mind body no longer wastes time, and begins to comprehend the 'One Road' scroll!

huh~!

At this moment, the white light flashed in the secret room!

A walnut-sized blue spar appeared out of thin air in the secret room.

[Yuqing Daojing (Wind): Fortune grade, contains 50% of the Dao rhyme of the Wind Road]

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the S-level extreme wind law]

That is the Yuqing Daojing that Qin Feng just got.

As soon as Daojing appeared, countless stars appeared between the heaven and the earth.

Afterwards, the stars gathered into a human shape and turned into Qin Feng's appearance.

Another mind body is formed!

As soon as the thought manifested, he picked up the 'Yuqing Daojing', sat cross-legged, and began refining.

Controlling the Innate Dao is the foundation of creating a personal universe!

Controlling the acquired avenue is the last page of perfecting the personal universe!

Qin Feng has to master the two avenues!

Besides, mastering the Great Dao is a means that must be possessed by all powers above the God King.

The so-called one set of heart, three lives!

If you want to be promoted to the realm of God King, you must master a way!

However, the avenues mastered by the **** kings in the world are basically the acquired avenues.

Taking an acquired avenue as the foundation and being promoted to the power of a **** king is not as strong as a **** king who is based on an innate avenue.

At the same level, the 'Xiantian Dao' God King can easily crush the 'Acquired Dao' God King.

But the 'Xiantian Dao' **** king is extremely rare, it can be said to be one in ten thousand, each one can become a half-step eternal seed!

In other words, there is no threshold for Qin Feng to be promoted to God King.

He has mastered an avenue by himself, and it is a congenital avenue!

In this way, Qin Feng's mind body is in retreat and enlightenment

At the same moment, on the starry sky arena.

Qin Feng has arranged everything, just wait for the promotion ceremony to start.

It didn't take long for a reminder from Tiandao

[Please prepare the players, and then I will perform the False God Realm promotion instrument for you]

It's finally time to start!

Qin Feng is full of expectations!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, the surrounding space was shaken, and a strange force of heaven and earth fell on Qin Feng.

Then, he turned into a white light and disappeared in place

The next second, Qin Feng appeared on an altar.

It was an altar suspended in the starry sky. The whole body exuded a sacred golden light, and the momentum was extremely magnificent!

【Athletes please sit cross-legged! Next, we will shape the **** body for you and strengthen the godhead]

Heaven sent a reminder

Qin Feng quickly sat down with his knees crossed.

[It was detected that the contestant obtained the evaluation of 'Daozi' in the Shenwu assessment, and became the chief Daozi, and received double the reward of 'Daozi']

[Start now for the players, to promote the 'Double Daozi']

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the Heavenly Dao reminder came out, the altar lit up with a heavenly light and began to run slowly.

Om~!

Then, the starry sky shook!

A purple-gold light beam with a diameter of about 10 meters, exuding an extremely sacred atmosphere, descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's whole body.

In the next second, endless purple-gold divine power, like monstrous water, poured into Qin Feng's body continuously.

And then penetrated into every inch of his skin, every inch of bone, every hair, every cell

Om~!

Afterwards, a dazzling golden wheel appeared behind Qin Feng's head, which looked sacred and noble!

That is his godhead golden wheel, which initially condensed out when he was in the demigod realm, and was activated at this moment...