Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Tiandao Mall has been opened, you have a 30-minute purchase time limit, please cherish it]

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, a huge shopping mall interface appeared in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge...

He hurriedly thought about it, and his thoughts were immersed in the mall, entering the mall interface...

【Avenue of Fire Scroll: The Avenue of the Day After Tomorrow】

[Exchange: 2 Shenwu points]

【Avenue of Water Scroll: The Avenue of the Day After Tomorrow】

[Exchange: 2 Shenwu points]

…

Qin Feng was surprised when he glanced at it.

The Tiandao Mall sells all the scrolls of the 'Hou Tian Avenue'.

This is definitely a great opportunity!

Qin Feng knew very well in his heart that even if he spent thousands of years comprehending the Dao by himself, he might not be able to comprehend an acquired avenue.

If there is a road scroll to help, the speed will be hundreds of times faster, even thousands of times.

The Dao scroll contains all Dao rhymes, just comprehend.

It's like a person who only sees a car and makes a car.

Another person, relying on the design drawings of the car, to build the car.

This is the difficulty difference between the two!

It can be seen that the avenue scroll is extremely precious!

However, Qin Feng has only one purchase right, and he must choose the one that he most needs among those acquired avenues.

With this in mind, he began to flip the page, searching for the top 100 Houtian Avenue...

In this way, Qin Feng browsed the mall...

At the same moment, in the Blue Star Realm, outside the planetary barrier, the battle situation changed drastically!

At this moment, the momentum of the four clones suddenly skyrocketed!

One by one, the aura of the realm suddenly changed, and they were all promoted from the demigod realm to the virtual **** realm!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

They did not expect that the four avatars could improve their realm during the battle.

As soon as this realm is improved, the combat power of the four avatars will skyrocket to more than 8.8 billion stars, all of which are stronger than Lucifer!

"This... how is this possible!"

In the blood fog, the horrified roar of Lucifer came out!

Obviously, he sensed the changes in the four avatars!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the four clones slammed into the blood fog together!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Four shocking bangs!

The blood mist completely exploded!

Poof~!

Then, there was a soft sound!

God Lucy's soul body collapsed in an instant!

Terrible roar!

Reverberate in the stars!

A quasi-god king was killed like this!

The crowd around the audience sighed!

The eyes they looked at the four clones became even more awe-inspiring!

Then, another dazzling white light flew out from the scattered blood mist and poured into the body of the Moon Spirit...

In the next second, in the sea of ​​consciousness of Yueling's clone, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded...

[You successfully killed the demon **** Lucius (quasi-god king), your body has acquired +12.6 billion attributes and +123 trillion energy points]

[The luck absorption is successful! The Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck value of 'Lucius', and your body has obtained 37 times the luck value! 】

Hearing the prompt, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, showing a satisfied smile.

The three avatars, Wood Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Mirage, all showed knowing smiles.

At this moment, the blood mist dissipated!

Several corpses appeared in the field, a high-grade god-rank long sword, a storage ring, a bud-shaped mind lotus, and a top-grade god-rank Holy Spirit shield.

These are great gains!

In particular, the Saint Lotus of Mind and the Shield of the Holy Spirit are the most precious!

The four avatars each waved their hands, and the four treasures flew to the four avatars respectively.

In a blink of an eye, the long sword, the storage ring, and the Holy Spirit shield fell into the hands of the Wood Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Mirage clones respectively.

The Saint Lotus of Consciousness also flew close, and it was about to fall into the hands of the Moon Spirit clone.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and a figure suddenly appeared beside the Yueling clone, and slammed into the Yueling clone with a punch.

This sudden attack!

Let the audience be in an uproar!

Yueling's clone was also startled, raising his hand is a sword, facing the punch!

Swish~!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky, reflecting the starry sky!

The momentum of that sword is smashing the sky and the earth!

With the blessing of the power of chaos, the power suddenly reached more than 9 billion, which is amazing!

In the blink of an eye, fists and swords collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Kacha~!

A hundred miles of starry sky, all are shattered!

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone was blasted out!

The audience exclaimed!

Afterwards, everyone looked at the attacker in shock!

I saw the sneak attacker, with blond hair and white robes, with amazing momentum, it was Raphael!

"It's you!"

The Mu Ling clone recognized Rafa at a glance

This guy is the one who was beheaded by him before and disappeared strangely.

Isn't he the peak of the main god?

Why so strong?

With this in mind, the wood spirit avatar looked at Raphael!

I saw this guy, with black smoke all over his body, and his breath was obscure and mysterious, making it impossible for people to spy on his realm and strength.

The Mu Ling clone vaguely felt that the guy in front of him was a little different from the people in the Bright God Realm.

Looking at it again, it can blast Feiyueling's clone with a single punch, and its strength far exceeds that of Lucius, which is definitely above the initial stage of the God King.

As for the specific realm, people can't see it.

huh~!

At this moment, the white light flashed in the field!

The Moon Spirit clone teleported to!

He was unharmed!

However, the expression he looked at Raphael became extremely solemn.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

He could feel that Raphael's previous attack was just a random blow, and he did not exert his full strength.

At the same moment, Rafi also looked at Yueling's avatar and showed a satisfied smile.

"Not bad! Under the bombardment of my punch, your avatar was unscathed! If you four avatars join forces, the strength can be comparable to the threshold of the king of gods. I don't know, how strong is your body now?"

As soon as these words fell, the four avatars were all surprised.

What the **** is this guy up to?

How did he know that the four of them were just clones?

At the same moment, in the star formation barrier, everyone in Blue Star was even more shocked!

They always thought that Qin Feng was among the four clones.

After a long time, those four were just avatars of Lord Qin Feng!

"Who is your Excellency?"

At this time, Yueling's clone looked at Raphael with a solemn expression.

Raphael smiled slightly: "It doesn't matter who I am! However, I am here on the order of Tianzun to take a trip here. If you can kill God Lucy, it means that you have passed the test of Tianzun!"

"The test of Tianzun?"

Moon Spirit clone frowned.

Then, he asked 4.3: "Who is Tian Zun?"

The clone and Qin Feng are different and concentric.

In the assessment of the demigod realm, Qin Feng has repeatedly encountered matters related to Tianzun.

Unexpectedly, in the outside world, he was involved with Tianzun again.

"You want to know something about Tianzun, I can give you a chance!"

Raphael waved with a smile, a black storage ring and an ancient talisman in front of him.

Then, he continued: "In this storage ring, there is some information that is very important to you, as well as information related to Tianzun."

As soon as the voice fell, he activated the ancient talisman!

Om~!

In just an instant, the ancient talisman turned into a light mask, covering the black storage ring and the sacred lotus of consciousness, exuding an amazing aura!

That mask looks extraordinary!

After doing this, Raphael looked at the four clones.

"The bud of this 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' should be useful to your body! I will use this protective mask to cover it and that storage ring. I'll give you half an hour!"

"If you break the mask, you can obtain the sacred lotus of consciousness and the storage ring. If it exceeds half an hour, the mask will explode and destroy everything inside!"

"Of course, you can also find the main body and try it out! In short, if you want to get what you want, you have to rely on your strength! Well, my task has been completed, I will say goodbye!"

As soon as the voice fell, Raphael's figure gradually became transparent...