Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 789: Open Heaven Avenue! Super blessing!

Just as Raphael was about to disappear, he seemed to remember something and left the last sentence.

"By the way! Forgot to tell you! Without the attack power of the **** king or above, you can't break the mask!"

As soon as these words fell, Raphael's mouth showed a proud smile, and his figure disappeared completely.

However, he was muttering in his heart, is the test arranged by Tianzun too high?

God King's mid-term attack power!

He can't reach it!

This Qin Feng has just been promoted to the False God realm, how could he have such a strong attack?

However, these are not his turn.

He has done what he has to do!

Next, whether Qin Feng can complete the challenge is Qin Feng's business.

Just like that, Raphael disappeared in public!

This time, he left completely.

That was Tianzun's order, telling him not to stay any longer, as if he was worried that Qin Feng would find him after he came out.

Although he did not believe that Qin Feng could do it, he dared not obey the orders of Tianzun.

Tianzun can spy on the future, and he has no plans.

He was terrified of it!

The only thing that Tianzun is not sure about is this Qin Feng.

For this reason, Tianzun will arrange some tests.

If Qin Feng can pass the test and break the mask within half an hour, then there will be a lot of gains!

If he fails, Tianzun will not dare to place hope on him.

Raphael pondered in his heart, people are far away.

At this moment, an earth-shattering bombardment sounded in the distance!

He looked back and saw that the four clones were joining forces to attack the mask.

The mask was naturally unscathed.

Raphael shook his head slightly, secretly thinking that it was indeed the case!

No matter how strong a Void 19 God Realm is, how can its attack power be comparable to the mid-stage God King?

It seems that Qin Feng has a 90% chance of not getting the secrets and treasures left by Tianzun.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It turned out that there were not only some secrets hidden in the black storage ring, but also some treasures presented by Tianzun.

At the moment, Raphael didn't think about it anymore, and just fled away.

Whether Qin Feng can finally break the mask, he can know the truth without staying in place.

He also has the induction jade talisman in his hand!

As long as the mask is broken, his jade talisman will give birth to induction.

Just like that, Raphael left.

At the same moment, the four avatars were surrounded by the mysterious mask, and they were all helpless!

After some previous verification, the four avatars can be determined, and Raphael is telling the truth.

Without the attack power of the God King in the mid-term, I'm afraid it really can't break the mask!

The combat power of their body is currently only 11 billion stars!

Thinking of this, the four avatars are a little anxious...

At the same time, deep within the temple of creation.

Qin Feng finally found the Dao scroll he wanted from the Tiandao Mall...

[Opening Avenue Scroll: Houtian Avenue, Top 100]

[Reminder: You can only comprehend after you have mastered the S-level law of opening the sky]

[Exchange price: 3 Shenwu points]

3 points of Shenwu points!

The Houtian Avenue, which ranks in the top 100, is indeed more expensive.

At the moment, Qin Fenghao chose to exchange without hesitation!

【Successful exchange! You spent 3 Divine Martial Points to get the 'Open Heaven Avenue' scroll! 】

【Reward Reminder: You have used up the purchase rights, and the mall starts to close.】

Boom~Long~Long~!

With a roar, the interface of Tiandao Mall slowly disappeared.

A white light also lit up in front of Qin Feng, and a silver-white avenue scroll emerged.

That is the 'Open Heaven Avenue' scroll!

He happily picked up the scroll, and after watching it for a while, he put it away with satisfaction.

In this way, he has both the scrolls of Kaitian Avenue and Creation Avenue.

With these two avenues scrolls, it is only a matter of time before he realizes these two avenues.

When he masters these two avenues, he will be able to use the Pantian Divine Axe.

At that time, his comprehensive strength will be greatly improved!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of fire!

Om~!

At this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on his body...

【Your level is promoted to level 82】

【Your strength index increases by 5 points! 】

Level up again!

Qin Feng hurriedly raised his head and looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm...

That was the avatar that killed Lucy God, and brought him a lot of energy backfeeding!

After a while, he withdrew his gaze and frowned slightly.

Raphael's figure appeared in his mind.

"That guy is very weird! He should be the messenger of Tianzun! Who is that Tianzun?"

Qin Feng was full of doubts.

Then, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm...

In the next second, a scene appeared in his mind.

The four clones are frantically attacking the mask, but there is no way to take the mask.

Inside the mask, there is a black storage ring and the bud of a holy lotus of consciousness.

Seeing the black storage ring, Qin Feng was full of curiosity.

According to Raphael's hint, the black storage ring contains the information of Tianzun and some secrets that are very important to him.

It seems that he must get it!

Maybe if he gets that storage ring, he will be able to know some truth.

However, Raphael didn't want to let him get it easily!

The protective mask it had set up actually required the mid-term attack power of the God King to break through it, and the time was only half an hour.

Now, 3 minutes have passed, and 27 minutes are left.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

It seems that he has to quickly find a way to blast the mask!

Otherwise, when the time is up, the black storage ring will be destroyed, and even the sacred lotus of consciousness will be destroyed, then it will be a big loss!

But his current combat power seems to be difficult to break through!

Qin Feng frowned slightly and was a little worried!

correct!

The clone killed Lucifer and gained a lot of attribute points, which can also improve the combat power!

Thinking of this, he quickly opened the panel...

[Free attribute]: 12.6 billion points

12.6 billion attributes!

This harvest is not small!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, revealing a hint of surprise.

Then he started adding...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to complete the addition of points, which directly skyrocketed 250 million star combat power!

This allowed his combat power to reach 11.25 billion stars in one fell swoop, which is not a small improvement!

Qin Feng closed the panel with satisfaction!

However, such combat power is still insufficient!

The attack power of the God King in the mid-term and above must reach at least 200 million stars.

At present, he is only the initial combat power of the God King, and he is still a long way from 200 million stars!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and began to feel a little worried again.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[You have completed the promotion to the False God realm! The stay time has reached the upper limit, now send you back to the Temple of Fortune]

huh~!

As soon as the prompt came out, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared on the starry sky altar...

In the next second, he returned to the Temple of Fortune.

Qin Feng looked up and found himself standing on a huge altar

On the altar, besides him, there was an old man with gray hair.

It seems that the old man appeared one step ahead of him!

Around the altar, thousands of contestants had already gathered around.

As soon as he appeared, the surrounding audience watched.

Afterwards, there was an exclamation from the crowd.

"Look! Another one who has been promoted to the False God Realm has come out!"

"Yeah! This is so young! He seems to be in his twenties!"

"Well~! It looks very good too!"

At this moment, many people cast envy at Qin Feng.

It turned out that this altar was the exit to the False God Realm!

To be able to appear on this altar means that you have successfully promoted to the False God realm.

Not all players can be promoted to the False God realm, often hundreds of demigods can only one person be promoted to the False God realm.