Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Because of this, those onlookers looked at Qin Feng with envy.

After all, many of them failed to be promoted, and there is no possibility of being promoted to False God realm in this life.

Now, how can they not be envious when they see Qin Feng's successful promotion?

Of course, among the people they envied was the white-haired old man.

At this moment, there was another murmur from the crowd.

"Everyone, what level of evaluation will these two newly promoted people get?"

"As far as I can see, the white-haired player should get a high rating. That young player is probably a medium rating!"

"Yeah! You think the same as me! Older people have a solid accumulation and deserve a higher evaluation. Young people! The foundation is weaker, and most of them have a medium evaluation!"

The crowd is murmuring again and again!

Many people pointed at Qin Feng and the white-haired old man.

Obviously, the young people in their mouths refer to Qin Feng.

With Qin Feng 037's hearing, he naturally heard their words clearly.

Medium rating!

That is the worst False God realm evaluation!

Because of the inferior rating, it is not eligible to participate in the False God realm assessment, and can only be promoted to the demigod realm.

Only with a moderate or above evaluation are eligible to continue to participate in the False God realm assessment.

In this way, the worst evaluation of the False God realm is a medium evaluation.

These guys really don't look down on him!

Qin Feng looked around and smiled without saying a word!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, above the altar, the sky shook, and the ethereal voice of Heavenly Dao sounded.

[Congratulations to the contestant Bai Mastiff for completing the Shenwu assessment, obtaining a first-class evaluation and receiving a first-class blessing]

[Reminder: Superior blessing rewards 100,000 star combat power]

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, a white reward beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the white-haired old man.

The old man couldn't help but closed his eyes and happily accepted the blessing of heaven...

Surrounded by surprise!

"Wow! What a first-class blessing!"

"Tsk tsk! It's so enviable!"

"Yeah! Excellent evaluation, one in a thousand! This white-haired Taoist friend is really amazing!"

"I'll just say it! This white-haired old man can get a top rating!"

"Your vision is really accurate! So, that young man has only a medium rating?"

"The 90% chance is a medium rating!"

In the crowd, a white-faced and beardless man spoke arrogantly.

As soon as his words fell, the voice of heaven resounded in the air again.

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng for completing the Shenwu assessment, obtaining the chief Dao sub-level evaluation, and receiving the chief Dao sub-level blessing]

As soon as this notification came out, the audience was in an uproar.

Chief Dao sub-level evaluation?

What level of evaluation is that?

How have never heard of it!

Without waiting for them to think about it, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Reminder: Chief Dao sub-level blessing, reward 1 billion star combat power]

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience exploded!

Everyone opened their mouths in shock!

One by one, they were petrified on the spot, and my heart was extremely shocked! .

Chapter 790 Continuous rewards! Shocked the audience!

Oh my God!

1 billion star combat power!

At this moment, everyone can't believe their ears!

Om~!

It was at this moment that there was a chirping sound!

An incomparably magnificent purple-golden beam of light descended from the sky, exuding a heaven-shattering aura, suddenly reaching 1 billion stars!

The audience was so shocked that they couldn't even breathe!

The deadly silence in the arena!

The next second, the purple-gold beam of light fell on Qin Feng!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

What he needs most now is to improve his combat power!

Unexpectedly, after the assessment is completed, there are such additional rewards, which is really surprising!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the moment, under the shroud of the beam of light, Qin Feng's momentum has soared wildly!

He closed his eyes with joy and comfortably accepted the blessings of heaven.

After a long time, the reward beam slowly dissipated!

The field is still quiet!

Everyone held their breath and looked at Qin Feng quietly.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

The rewards are over!

He won 1 billion star rewards this time, and his combat power reached 12.25 billion stars in one fell swoop, and his strength has been greatly improved!

He is very satisfied with this!

At the same moment, everyone saw Qin Feng open his eyes and took a breath!

But at this moment, the voice of Tiandao sounded again...

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of the 'Qinglong Star Region' in the Shenwu assessment, rewarded with +5 reputation points and +50,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of the "Main Hall" in the Shenwu assessment, rewarded with +10,000 reputation points and +100 million stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of 'this universe' in the Shenwu assessment, rewarded with +20,000 prestige points and +200 million stars in combat power]

Boom~!

The audience was shocked again!

Everyone's eyes widened, and even their breathing stopped!

At that moment, the air seemed to freeze!

It's so quiet!

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

I had no idea there were so many benefits!

hum~!

The sky shook, and another purple beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng...

He closed his eyes again and accepted the reward!

After a while, the rewards are over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, and the joy on his face became even stronger!

This time, his combat power has skyrocketed to 12.6 billion stars!

Whoo~!

This harvest is really rich!

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction and walked to the bottom of the ring...

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded again in his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Reminder: After the success of the False God realm, the players will get the Shenwu points, and they can go to Tianbao Pavilion to exchange for treasures]

[Reminder: After leaving the Temple of Creation, Shenwu points will be automatically invalidated, please cherish this exchange opportunity]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

right!

He almost forgot, there is also this great opportunity to exchange treasures!

correct!

After he was promoted to the False God realm, his aptitude increased by 20%, and the upper limit of refining the source of divine power and the source of soul power was raised again.

And he has a lot of sources of soul power and divine power in his hands, and he can continue refining it!

In this way, his combat power can be improved again!

There is also the Treasure Pavilion on that day, there must be treasures that enhance strength!

He must go see it.

He originally had 13,287 points, and it took 3 points to redeem the Kaitian Avenue scroll, leaving 10,287 points!

So many Shenwu points can definitely be exchanged for a lot of resources!

You must know that many players have no more than 30 points, and those who can achieve more than 3 points are rare among hundreds of millions of people.

After all, the super god-level evaluation has only broken 1 point!

Thinking of this, he is full of expectations for Tianbao Pavilion!

As for the forbidden mask to break the outside world, there are still about 25 minutes, so it is not extremely urgent!

Taking advantage of this time, it is more urgent for him to obtain more resources and improve his combat power!

In this way, Qin Feng walked down from the ring.

As soon as he walked down, everyone backed away in fear and gave him a wide road.

This adult has created the number one evaluation in the universe, and just by blessing the reward, he has accumulated 1.35 billion star combat power!

With just the combat power of this reward, they can be wiped out with a single pointer!

How can they not be afraid?

In this way, Qin Feng broke through the crowd and left the arena under the awe-inspiring eyes of everyone...

In the blink of an eye, his stalwart figure disappeared from everyone's sight.

Everyone stared blankly at his disappearing back, speechless for a long time!

But on the other hand, not long after Qin Feng left the crowd, there was a reminder of Heavenly Dao from the sea of ​​​​knowledge...

[Title task reminder: Your reputation has reached 128,000 points, which has reached the reputation standard for junior preachers]