Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was very satisfied.

In this way, he is going to be promoted to junior evangelist, and there are only two standards left for combat power and enlightenment!

"Hey! A few little guys have also completed their retreat.~!"

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to sense something.

The next second, he waved his hand, and white light flashed in front of him...

Di Jiang and other six people all showed up.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

When the six saw Qin Feng, they happily greeted him.

Qin Feng looked at them and suddenly showed a look of relief.

After this retreat, the strength of the six people has greatly increased.

Di Jiang and Jumang's combat power has broken through 100 million, and they are at least 90% sure of winning the super god-level evaluation.

A super god-level evaluation, it has the potential to become a domain master, and it is expected to become eternal.

As for Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi, it is no problem to get a god-level evaluation, and they are expected to become half-step eternity.

"Dad, have you been promoted to the False God realm?"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er asked curiously.

Feng Xi and the others also looked over expectantly.

Qin Feng's breath is like abyss, unfathomable!

With their eyes, they couldn't see through it at all.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "The promotion was successful!"

As soon as these words fell, the little guys in Dijiang cheered!

"Right! You guys have completed the retreat, it's time to take the assessment!"

"Okay! Dad!"

"Yes! Master!"

The people took orders.

Right now, Feng Xi and the others are about to leave.

Qin Feng remembered something again and stopped Feng Xi.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Feng Xi, you go to the chat channel to make an announcement! After the disciples of Long Yuan have completed the promotion to the demigod realm, they will gather at the Temple of Fortune and wait for me. Don't rush to participate in the comprehension assessment!"

Feng Xi was slightly taken aback!

Immediately, she wanted to understand.

"Master, I got it!"

She is Bingxue smart and knows that Qin Feng wants to improve the potential of Long Yuan's children.

With the current strength of Long Yuan's children, there is no problem in being promoted to the demigod realm, but if they want to be promoted to the virtual **** realm, I am afraid that about 30% of them will fail.

The disciples of Long Yuan are good at combat power, but not much at comprehension.

Qin Feng has mastered the humane skill "reborn", which can greatly enhance the potential of all children.

In this way, all the children can be promoted to the False God realm!

His goal is to make everyone in Longyuan like a dragon, how can some children not be promoted to the virtual **** realm.

After arranging these, Feng Xi and the others left.

Qin Feng also walked towards the depths of the Temple of Fortune.

That day, the Treasure Pavilion was in the depths of the Temple of Fortune...

At the same time, chaotic space.

In the secret room, there are hundreds of Qin Feng's mind bodies.

At this moment, those mind bodies have taken out the source of divine power and the source of soul power, and they are being refined.

This time, Qin Feng's aptitude has been increased by 20%, and the upper limits of refining divine power and source of soul power have been increased by 50 regiments each, and the total is 100 regiments.

After refining the resources of this hundred regiments, his combat power can be improved a lot!

In addition, there is a mind body, which is comprehending the scroll of the Kaitian Avenue...

In this way, Qin Feng's major mind bodies are silently retreating

Qin Feng also rushed to Tianbao Pavilion...

At the same time, outside the temple.

Raphael is flying in the stars!

He also looked back at Blue Star from time to time.

At this moment, he is hundreds of millions of miles away from the Blue Star Realm, and he can no longer see the four avatars clearly.

"." It's been 7 minutes! The mask hasn't been broken yet! It seems that Qin Feng hasn't left the Temple of Creation yet!"

Raphael muttered in his heart, a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, he was very relaxed.

He finally completed the task given by Tianzun.

According to Tianzun's instructions, Qin Feng is the Supreme Judge of Judgment and has mastered the stunt of Judgment God's Domain - Six Prisons to Suppress Heaven!

At present, he should have opened two prisons!

With the help of the two prisoners and the four avatars, there is a 50% chance that the mask can be broken.

I'm afraid that if the mask is successfully removed, it means that Qin Feng has passed the test of Tianzun, and Tianzun will naturally give Qin Feng some benefits.

If the removal is unsuccessful, this Qin Feng is not the person Tianzun is looking for!

50% chance!

Is it successful? Is it defeated?

It depends on Qin Feng's ability!

Thinking of this, Rafa couldn't help taking a deep breath!

It's been so many years!

Tianzun paid countless efforts for that matter, just to find a candidate who can cross eternity.

Unfortunately, Tianzun has failed too many times.

I wonder if Qin Feng is that candidate this time?

Raphael looked back, feeling a little uneasy in his heart.

He is very much looking forward to Qin Feng's success!

That is related to the future of Judgment God's Domain, and it will be of great benefit to Qin Feng.

only…

"Oops! Oops!"

Suddenly, Raphael thought of something, and his face changed greatly!

"It's over! It's over! I was impatient just now! I made a mistake! This time, Qin Feng may not pass the test!"

Raphael slapped his thigh, annoyed.

He suddenly remembered that Tianzun had confessed that Qin Feng had six messengers and activated the two prisons.

With the back-feeding of the six envoys' combat power and the increase of the two prisons, Qin Feng has a 50% chance to break through the mask.

As soon as he saw Qin Feng breaking through the realm, he was excited and started the test.

He forgot that Qin Feng's messenger may not have been promoted to the False God realm.

If Qin Feng's messengers are still in the assessment, they will not be able to create the Temple of Creation.

In other words, Qin Feng can only face the assessment alone!

Without the help of the messengers and the two prisoners, it would be more than twice as difficult for Qin Feng to break the mask!

Thinking of this, Raphael's whole person was not well, and his heart sank.

If Tianzun made a wrong judgment because of his wrong operation, then the layout of these thousands of years would be in vain!

"Hey! Maybe I'm thinking too much! Maybe, Qin Feng's six messengers have also completed the Shenwu assessment!"

Raphael looked in the direction of the Temple of Creation uncertainly, feeling uneasy.

He didn't know that Di Jiang and other talents had just started the False God realm assessment, and it was definitely too late to assist Qin Feng.

In this round of tests, due to Rafa's operational errors, the difficulty was artificially increased.

Chapter 791: Fortune-telling! The Ancestral Talisman of Thunder!

Just when Rafi felt uneasy, Qin Feng had reached the deepest part of the Temple of Fortune.

At this moment, he looked at the door of light in front of him!

That is the entrance to the 'Tianbao Pavilion'.

At this time, players from time to time came out of the Tianbao Pavilion with happy expressions on their faces.

Obviously, these people have obtained a good harvest from Tianbao Pavilion!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng looked forward to Tianbao Pavilion even more.

Immediately, he quickened his pace and walked towards the door of light.

When he walked to the door of light, he saw a flash of light and shadow, and an extremely beautiful figure came out from inside.

"Hey! Master!"

It turned out that the person who came out was Yu Xuanji!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up: "Hey! Have you completed the assessment?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said respectfully, "Yes! The concubine has been successfully promoted to the False God realm and received a god-level evaluation!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng looked at Yu Xuanji in front of him.

His eyes were on the slender figure, and after a brief look, a gratified smile appeared.

Yu Xuanji had indeed been promoted to the False God realm, and his combat power and momentum had reached 120 million stars!

This will help him in the future, but it is not small!

Yu Xuanji is his human messenger, and can give him 70% of his combat power, which is 8.4 billion stars.

More importantly, with the presence of the messenger in the world, he can activate the means of 'one prison to control the sky' and increase his attack power.

"Very good! You can get a god-level evaluation! The future can be expected!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but admire.

Being exaggerated by the master, Yu Xuanji was instantly elated.

In this world, no one's approval is more important than the master.

At the moment, she said with a smile on her face: "The concubine can achieve this achievement completely thanks to the master! By the way, master, did you come to the Tianbao Pavilion to complete the Shenwu assessment?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Yu Xuanji rejoiced: "Great! The concubine knows that the master must have completed the assessment before coming to the Tianbao Pavilion."

"Master, there are quite a few treasures in the Tianbao Pavilion, and there are ten treasures of the high-grade god-level! It's a pity that it is too expensive!"

"A high-grade god-level treasure requires at least 6 points. With the points of a concubine, you can't exchange for a 917!"

Having said this, Yu Xuanji felt very sorry!