Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"I!"

At this moment, the unity of Longyuan Village was brought into full play once again.

It turned out that everyone knew that the task of leveling up to level 10 would be completed by Liu Xuan and other experts.

Then the main task of these people is to upgrade the novice cabin to level 1.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

In order to speed up the progress of upgrading the wooden house, many people suspend the upgrade and go all out to collect resources.

The vitality of Longyuan Village broke out completely!

Qin Feng watched this scene silently and was quite relieved.

It's time for him to complete his mission too.

He then left the chat channel.

A minute later, inside the novice cabin.

Qin Feng opened the attribute panel and began to add points to himself.

If he wants to become a 'novice emperor', his prestige is already enough, and his combat power will not reach 70 stars.

His current combat power is 66 stars.

However, from last night to now, he has completed several tasks in a row, and obtained a large number of free attribute points, but he has not added it!

Immediately, he added quickly.

Now is the village upgrade competition, he must race against time and can't waste any time.

In just a moment, his attribute points were added.

And as soon as he finished adding, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng's reputation has reached 62 points, his combat power has reached 79 stars, and he has won the title of "Novice Emperor". 】

[The village chief Qin Feng received the blessing of Heaven. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, the strength index has increased by 40 points. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, the agility index has increased by 40 points. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, and his BMI increased by 40 points. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, the energy index has increased by 40 points. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news is announced!

The entire Longyuan Village was stunned!

Chapter 98 Strength increases again! Go to slaughter!

After a while, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village.

"Haha! Boss Qin Feng has become a novice emperor!"

"Amazing! Awesome!"

"Damn it! The second condition for level 1 village upgrade, that's it!"

"It's so fast! It's done so quickly! Boss Qin Feng is amazing!"

"Woo! I'm so happy! So excited!"

"Everyone, don't you have any ideas to announce? Boss Qin Feng's combat power has reached 79 stars!"

"What?! 79 stars!"

"My God! It really is!"

"Hey~! Awesome! Too awesome!"

"Idol! Idol! The boss will always be my idol!"

"The boss is so strong! Don't talk about being his girlfriend, just be his concubine, I'm willing too!"

At this moment, the chat channel was amazed.

The people were completely blown away!

The girls were even more excited.

It was only at this moment that they realized Qin Feng's terrifying strength.

This also made everyone admire Qin Feng more and more.

At the same time, in the level 10 vicious beast area, near the Bone Bone Wilderness.

Liu Xuan stared blankly at the prompt.

Couldn't speak for a while!

After a long time, he looked up to the sky and sighed, revealing a wry smile.

He has always claimed to be the second strongest in Longyuan Village.

Now that it is less than level 8, the combat power has reached 16 stars, and it is easy to kill level 10 beasts.

Even, he has the strength to kill level 10 mutant beasts.

This time it made him a little floating!

Now it seems that he exalted himself too much.

Compared with Qin Feng, the difference in strength is one in the sky and one in the ground!

If he claims to be the second strongest in Longyuan Village, that would be an insult to Boss Qin Feng!

His strength is not worthy!

At this moment, Liu Xuan sighed, and completely convinced Qin Feng in his heart.

If it was before, he still had a little faith in trying to catch up with Qin Feng.

Now, he doesn't have that thought anymore.

He only had admiration and admiration for Qin Feng in his heart!

When a person is too good to be in the dust, the shock to the person is extremely huge, and it is easier for people to surrender from the bottom of their hearts...

At the same time, inside the novice cabin.

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

Fuck it~!

My combat power has reached 79 stars!

Come to think of it, last night's harvest was too great.

It is not surprising that there is such a large increase in strength!

Ha ha!

Cool!

It's so cool!

However, his current combat power should be more than 79 stars!

Because he has just been promoted to the 'Rookie Emperor', the four indexes have skyrocketed by 40 points, and his combat power must have also risen sharply.

By the way, he still has some gains to deal with!

Thinking of this, he took out the second-order wind chasing grass and a dozen first-order spirit grasses and fruit from the storage ring.

Then, he began to extract one by one endlessly.

After a quarter of an hour, he had all extracted, and his attributes had skyrocketed by 74 points, which made him feel very happy.

However, these are not enough.

He also clicked on the village resource bank, which contained various low-level materials, as well as animal skins and corpses of fierce beasts.

Soon, he saw the corpses of some level 9 beasts from the resource list.

A level 9 beast corpse with fur can be donated to get 0.3 contribution points.

A level 9 beast corpse without fur can only get 0.2 contribution points.

At present, Qin Feng has not extracted the level 9 beasts, and there are still two varieties, and a total of four can be full.

After a while, he found the corpses of the beasts he needed, four in total.

He quickly exchanged it, made endless extractions, and got 8 attributes.

good!

Mosquitoes are meat no matter how small!

At this point, he has withdrawn all the beasts from level 1 to 10 in full.

As for the beasts of level 11 and above, in this novice village, there are very few varieties, and it will be faster to extract the full amount.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this progress.

[Reminder: You donated four level 9 beasts without fur and received 0.8 contribution points. 】

what!

It can be so!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy.

The original corpse that has been extracted endlessly, and then donated, the value remains unchanged.

Isn't that the same as letting him prostitute for nothing?

That is to say, he doesn't need to buy the corpses of any beasts in the future, he can just prostitute from the resource bank for free.

It's just a process of changing hands!

This is much more cost-effective than his previous acquisitions.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very relieved.

Don't underestimate such a little change, everything adds up.

This alone will save him a lot of money in the future.

"Everything that should be extracted has been extracted! I wonder how my combat power is now?"

Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the property panel.

[Level]: Level 11 (80800/500000)

[Holy Duty]: Level 4 Judge (395/1000)

[Reputation]: 62 (novice emperor)

[Strength]: 817+83 (The Profound Truth of Power, Grade B)

[Agility]: 821+100 (the true meaning of speed, C level)

[Physical constitution]: 814+20 (the true meaning of the body, C level)

[Energy]: 844+100 (six senses connected, C level.)

[Elemental talent]: The true meaning of fire (C-level), the true meaning of earth (C-level), the true meaning of gold (C-level), the true meaning of ice (C), the secret of wood (B-level), the secret of darkness (B-level)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Hellfire (Tier 3), Outward Energy (Tier 3), Rejuvenation (Tier 3), Beast Control (Tier 3) Tier 3), Phantom Clone (Tier 3), Shadow Binding (Tier 3)

[Combat evaluation]: 83 stars

Fuck it~!

The combat power is 83 stars!

This is not far from the standard of Baixing.