Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

She is a god-level evaluation, and the points are only 530 points, which is not enough to exchange for a high-grade fetish.

God-level evaluation is broken 5 points!

The super god-level evaluation is broken 1 point!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Ten top-grade fetishes, that is also a very big harvest!

Immediately, he asked, "What high-grade god-level treasure do you want?"

Yu Xuanji said casually: "My concubine likes a high-grade god-level water-based long sword, but unfortunately I can't exchange it. Therefore, I exchanged her points for some sources of divine power and soul power."

"It just so happens that after the concubine's promotion to the False God realm, her aptitude has improved again, and she can continue refining those resources."

At the end, Yu Xuanji also showed joy.

Although she didn't get the weapon she wanted, exchanging those resources can also improve her strength a lot, at least reaching 140 million stars, which is not a problem.

Thinking of this, she was also in a good mood!

Qin Feng smiled: "If you want that long sword, I will exchange it for you!"

Yu Xuanji was taken aback!

Immediately, she panicked and said, "Master, my concubine doesn't need that long sword urgently. You should use your points for the items you need."

She didn't want to waste the Master's points because of herself.

Qin Feng smiled: "You don't have to worry about this, I should have extra points!"

Yu Xuanji smiled bitterly: "Master, no matter how many points you have, you shouldn't waste it like this. Besides, if Master has enough points, you can exchange the only fortune-telling treasure in the treasury!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "And there are fortune-telling treasures?"

Yu Xuanji nodded: "Yes! That fortune-telling treasure requires 3 points! Master, I don't know if your points are enough? If not, it would be a pity!"

Having said this, Yu Xuanji sighed in his heart!

After all, the super god-level evaluation is only 1 point.

3 points, that is three times the points of the super god-level evaluation!

She was a little worried that Qin Feng's points were not enough.

Qin Feng smiled: "I still have ten thousand points!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Yu Xuanji's eyes widened in astonishment, thinking that he had heard it wrong!

Oh my God!

Ten thousand points!

What kind of evaluation did the owner get? !

That is ten times the super **** level!

She can't imagine it at all!

She didn't know that Qin Feng's real points were more than 10,000 points, but more than 13,000 points.

Before that, Qin Feng had already spent 3,000 points.

"Right! You should hurry up and refine the resources you just acquired, and improve your strength! Maybe, I will use it soon!"

Qin Feng thought of breaking the Rafi mask.

He has 20 minutes left.

The time flow rate of the chaotic space is forty times that of the outside world.

20 minutes, that is about thirteen hours, enough for Yu Xuanji to refine a lot of resources.

When Yu Xuanji's strength increases, he will be able to feed him more combat power.

At the same time, Yu Xuanji can enable him to activate a prison to suppress the sky, which is very helpful for him to break the Raphael mask.

"My concubine understands!"

Although Yu Xuanji didn't know what it was, the master said that there must be something very important, and she naturally had to go all out.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Yu Xuanji into the chaotic space.

After doing this, he passed through the gate of light and entered the Tianbao Pavilion.

After entering, Qin Feng felt that there was an open space in front of him, and a spacious treasure pavilion appeared in front of him.

The layout of the Tianbao Pavilion is almost the same as that of the Shenbao Pavilion in the Creation Hall.

It's just that there are very few players in Tianbao Pavilion, only hundreds of people!

Unlike Shenbao Pavilion, there are tens of thousands of people in it, which is very lively.

After all, there are only a few people who can be promoted to the False God realm.

Qin Feng chose the nearest altar, put the assessment token into the card slot, activated Tianbao Mall, and began to browse...

It didn't take long for him to find the only fortune-telling treasure in the shopping mall interface...

[Shangqing Daojing (Wind): Fortune grade, containing 50% of the Dao rhyme of the Wind Road]

[Exchange price: 3 Shenwu points]

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the S-level extreme wind law]

[Reminder: Shangqing Daojing (wind) and Yuqing Daojing (wind) each contain 50% Dao rhyme. The two types of spar can be combined into one, and the complete road of wind can be obtained. 】

Huh~!

It is Shangqing Daojing, or the wind element!

He happened to have a wind element Yuqing Daojing in his hand.

Combining the two, he can get the complete Dao of Wind.

What's even better is that he has mastered the S-level extreme wind law, which is just right to refine this wind element Dao crystal.

After he obtains the Dao of Wind, he will be able to wear the God of Wind Armor!

Fengtian God Armor, an innate artifact, a fortune-telling treasure, can feed back 200 million star combat power!

With this in mind, Qin Feng did not hesitate to exchange the contest...

【Successful exchange! You spent 3 Shenwu points to redeem Shangqing Daojing (Wind)]

The only fortune-telling treasure, just got it.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, he continued to browse….

Soon, he was in the shopping mall and saw Yu Xuanji, which could be said to be high-grade god-level treasures, a total of ten pieces.

No one can redeem it yet!

Qin Feng took a cursory glance and found that they were all high-quality artifacts.

Today, high-grade artifacts are no longer attractive to him, nor are they of great use.

It is still of great use to messengers such as Di Jiang and Yu Xuanji.

He should also change the equipment for these messengers.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng exchanged all ten high-grade artifacts, which cost 63 points.

So far, all the most valuable treasures in the mall have been emptied by Qin Feng.

He got a lot of money again!

However, his points have not been used up, and there are still 987 points left!

If these points are not used up, they will be automatically invalidated when he leaves the Temple of Creation!

At the moment, Qin Feng shifted his goal to the resources of the middle-grade god-level.

Those mid-grade god-level resources cost only about 50 points, which is not expensive.

In this way, he continued to browse the exchange, wanting to pick some useful resources...

"Hey! This is..."

Halfway through the browsing, Qin Feng found a useful treasure, and his eyes suddenly showed joy...

[The Ancestral Talisman of Thunder: The pinnacle of the middle-grade **** rank, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Exchange price: 60 Shenwu points]

[This talisman is created by heaven and earth, formed naturally, and contains the most fundamental meaning of the law of thunder. 】

[Refining this talisman allows the Law of Thunder to be promoted from A-level to S-level]

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but smile.

This Ancestral Talisman of Thunder is of great use to him!

If he wants to master the road of thunder, he must first upgrade the A-level thunder law to the S-level!

In this way, he is qualified to comprehend the Dao of Thunder.

Having said that, among the many basic laws!

He only has the wind element to reach the S rank!

In addition, he also has an ice element that has reached the S rank, which was extracted from the ancestor of Beiming.

The ice system is only one of the variants of the water system law.

This is also beneficial for him to master the Frost Ice Road in the future.

As for other basic laws, he is basically A-level.

Now that he has obtained this 'Thunder Ancestor Talisman' again, it will be no problem for him to be promoted to S-rank by the Lightning Law.

"In this way, the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind God's Ancestor is most likely purchased from this Tianbao Pavilion!"

Qin Feng suddenly figured out some details.

He smiled and exchanged the Thunder Ancestral Talisman directly.

Afterwards, he exchanged some useful resources and spent all the points.

So far, he has gained a lot!

"Hoo~! It's finally finished!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he sent all the treasures he exchanged into the chaotic space, and let those mind bodies deal with them.

After doing this, he goes out!

Today, there are only about 16 minutes left.

He has to hurry back to the Blue Star Realm!

Otherwise, the time is up!

The enchantment that Raphael arranges will explode, and he will not get what he wants.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the exit...

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that his whole body was imposing, and his perseverance suddenly soared!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

One after another, Tiandao reminders came continuously...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes suddenly showed joy...

It turned out that his Venerable Mind Body had refined all the 50 sources of soul power and 50 sources of distant divine power...

As a result, his combat power has soared to 13.1 billion stars, and the strength of his soul body has also increased to 11.7% in the middle stage of the God King, and his comprehensive strength has skyrocketed by a lot...

Qin Feng was very happy, and he had more confidence in breaking Raphi's mask.

At the moment, he quickened his pace and walked out...