Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Three minutes later, Qin Feng appeared above the moon star, looking at the blue star realm in the distance...

He finally left the Temple of Creation! …….

Chapter 792 A blow to the sky! Cut with an axe!

At the same moment, deep in the starry sky.

Raphael is billions of miles away.

From his position, the Blue Star Realm can no longer be seen clearly.

However, he has always been concerned about the assessment that he has arranged.

"There's still 12 minutes left, and the ban mask is about to explode! Qin Feng hasn't come out yet?"

Raphael muttered in his heart, and couldn't help but look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm, with a little anxiety between his brows.

He made the layout after Qin Feng was promoted to the False God realm.

After calculating the time, Qin Feng should have arrived at the Blue Star Realm.

Why hasn't he received the ban information yet?

Could it be Qin Feng's lack of ability?

Or did Qin Feng's messenger not come out?

If it's the latter, it's a big mistake!

Thinking of this, Raphael became even more uneasy.

He didn't want Qin Feng to fail because of his own mistakes.

There are many important things in that black storage ring, which are of great significance to Qin Feng.

If Qin Feng misses it, he will not only lose a big opportunity, but also encounter a big danger!

Thinking of this, Rafa couldn't help but stop and stay in place and hesitate!

After hesitating for a moment, he sighed and continued to escape into the depths of the starry sky.

It had come to this, and he couldn't change it.

It can only look at Qin Feng's own ability.

On the other side, the Blue Star Realm, near the planetary barrier.

The four avatars are surrounded by the forbidden mask and are observing and studying.

They gave up the siege long ago!

After all, with their combined strength, no further attack would be ineffective, so it is better to wait for the main body to come.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At the same moment, inside the enchantment.

Looking at the scene in front of the audience, they couldn't help but muttered in a low voice.

"Everyone, you look at the four avatars of Lord Qin Feng, it seems that you are helpless!"

"There's no way to do that! The ban needs to be broken in the middle of the God King, it's really difficult!"

"But this matter is related to the safety of Lord Qin Feng, and it is also related to the future of our Blue Star Realm!"

"Indeed! According to that person's tone, if Lord Qin Feng can't break the forbidden mask, I'm afraid the follow-up impact will not be small?"

"I don't know when Lord Qin Feng will come back? If he arrives, can he break it?"

"This... The old man thinks it is unlikely! Judging from the strength of Lord Qin Feng's avatar, Lord Qin Feng's own combat power is only about 12 billion stars, which is still very different from the middle stage of God King!"

When these words fell, everyone felt sorry.

They are also the creatures of the Blue Star Realm, and they naturally hope that Qin Feng will succeed in breaking the ban.

For the muttering of these people, the four avatars naturally heard clearly.

They ignored it and continued to wait for the main body.

Time just passed by.

In the blink of an eye, there are only 9 minutes left until the time to break the ban.

The audience was a little anxious.

At this moment, a white light flashed in the field, and an incomparably stalwart and handsome figure appeared out of thin air!

Everyone looked closely, and the coming person looked exactly the same as the four avatars, but the temperament was more noble and the aura was even more unfathomable!

The person here is Qin Feng!

There was a commotion in the audience!

"Coming! Coming! Lord Qin Feng is finally here!"

"This is Mr. Qin Feng! His bearing is really extraordinary!"

Everyone whispered, looking at Qin Feng in awe!

Whether Qin Feng can break the ban or not, everyone's awe for him has reached the extreme.

This is the existence of the strength of the God King!

That is also the absolute overlord of the Blue Star Realm, who dares to be disrespectful!

But he said that as soon as Qin Feng appeared, he came directly to the ban mask.

However, his current aura is different from when he first came out of the temple.

It turned out that on the way Qin Feng came, his mind body refined the Ancestral Talisman of Lei and Yuqing Daojing (wind).

This made his thunder talent reach S rank, increasing the power of hundreds of thousands of laws.

The refining of Yuqing Daojing made him realize 50% of the Dao rhythm of the Dao of Wind, and let him increase the power of tens of millions of laws.

As a result, his combat power increased to 13.14 billion stars.

After observing for a while, Qin Feng waved his hand and summoned Chi Tian Axe.

Seeing this scene, everyone was excited.

They thought Qin Feng was going to break the ban!

But the next second, Qin Feng closed his eyes.

Everyone can't help but look at each other on the ground!

They didn't know that Qin Feng was waiting for Yu Xuanji.

At this moment, Yu Xuanji is still in seclusion in the chaotic space, refining the last source of divine power, and it is at a critical moment.

When Yu Xuanji comes out of seclusion, he can take action.

What Qin Feng needs is not the back-feeding of Yu Xuanji's combat power, but the one **** that Yu Xuanji brings.

As long as one prisoner is activated, it can increase the attack power by 30%!

This is the unique method of Judgment Supreme!

Otherwise, with Qin Feng's current attack power, it would be difficult to break the ban!

Just like that, Qin Feng waited silently for a while!

In the blink of an eye, three minutes passed.

Yu Xuanji has not yet left the customs, but there are only 6 minutes left to break the ban.

The audience was a little uneasy, and they couldn't help but muttered.

"What's the matter? Why hasn't Mr. Qin Feng taken action yet?"

"This... It is estimated that Lord Qin Feng has no confidence!"

Everyone looked at each other, and gradually lost confidence in Qin Feng.

Qin Feng didn't even dare to make a move, so there is a high probability that the ban will not be broken.

Why!

It seems that they have too high expectations for Lord Qin Feng!

These people didn't realize it at all, and in just a while, Qin Feng's combat power quietly increased by 20,000 stars.

That is his many mind bodies, and all the mid-grade god-level resources obtained from the 'Tianbao Pavilion' have been refined.

This boosted his combat power again!

At the same time, Yu Xuanji's retreat has come to an end!

Qin Feng estimates that Yu Xuanji will be able to leave the customs in another minute.

At the moment, he continued to wait silently!

There is still plenty of time!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, he heard a huge roar from the sea!

Countless earth-shattering powers of Dao rhyme radiated from the sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his whole body...

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Shangqing Daojing (wind), comprehended 50% Dao rhyme of the Wind Road, and your combat power +40,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow—the avenue of wind! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +100 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has been successfully integrated with the Avenue of Wind and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 100 million stars in the power of heaven and earth]

At the same time, the chaotic space was also trembling violently, and it continued to expand outwards!

In a blink of an eye, it expanded from 150,000 miles to 170,000 miles...

After a while, the shocking movement in the Sea of ​​​​Consciousness slowly subsided.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Wind Road!

Epiphany succeeded!

Today, his combat power has skyrocketed to 13.4 billion stars!

That being the case, he should be able to break the ban without Yu Xuanji's assistance!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly waved!

huh~!

White light flashes!

A cyan divine armor has appeared in the air!

He directly broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the **** armor...

Om~!

In just an instant, the **** armor absorbed the blood of the gods, lit up a faint red light, and made a cheerful vibration!

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Fengtian Shenjia has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master! 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The thirteen artifacts he obtained were all in the state of unrecognized masters.

As long as he masters the corresponding avenues, he can immediately drop blood and recognize the master.

Then, he thought about it!

huh~!

Fengtian Shenjia automatically flew to Qin Feng!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, the divine armor was automatically equipped, and the momentum was extraordinary!

Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng unfolded a pair of huge golden wings on his back!