Zhentian Divine Wing! emerge!

Om~!

At this time, the Chi Tian Axe in his hand also lit up with golden light!

Three artifacts, human and machine in one!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's whole body erupted with momentum, and suddenly reached 13.67 billion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Thousands of miles of starry sky tremble!

"My God! So strong!"

Everyone was amazed!

Only at this moment did they know that they had underestimated Qin Feng's combat power!

But all this is not over!

Boom~!

Qin Feng's whole body burst out again!

Dharma golden body!

Instant start!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng turned into a million zhang, with his muscles knotted in knots, blooming with endless golden light, standing above the starry sky!

That body is huge, comparable to one-third of the moon, and its aura shocks the stars!

Everyone looked up, and their hearts were extremely horrified!

At this moment, they were like ants looking up at the Giant God, and their hearts could not help but give birth to worship.

Dharma golden body!

Dao-level magic!

Both combat power and defense have skyrocketed by 40%!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power has soared to about 19.1 billion stars, which is just one step away from 200 million stars!

200 million stars!

It is the threshold of the middle stage of the God King!

In the next second, Qin Feng slashed his axe with all his strength and slashed at the forbidden mask in front of him!

Swish~!

Axe light through the sky, brightening the starry sky!

It was like the dawn of dawn, reflecting the entire star world!

This suddenly shocked the entire star realm!

Countless creatures raised their heads one after another, only to see a white light in the sky, extremely bright!

sigh~~!

Axe light across the starry sky!

Ripped apart the vast void!

Om~!

At the same time, the snow-white axe blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The power of chaos is poured into it!

The attack power of that axe suddenly climbed, reaching 19.4 billion stars in the blink of an eye!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the axe lit up with the white light of luck!

The 1160 times the power of luck was instantly blessed on the divine axe, and the combat power rose again!

In the blink of an eye, the axe's attack momentum just reached 200 million stars!

Swish~!

Axe light falls!

Violently slashed at the mask!

The audience couldn't help widening their eyes, watching the result of that axe nervously!

At that moment, the field was extremely quiet!

Not even a breath!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The sky trembles!

That axe slashed on the mask!

The mask deformed violently, but did not break!

Everyone was feeling pity when they heard bursts of cracking sounds coming from below the axe blade!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw a trace of fine cracks emerged from the attack and spread to the surrounding!

After a while, cracks spread all over the reticle!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

Surrounded by amazement!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up, and surprises flashed in his eyes!

The power of chaos is the strongest attacking power, nothing is indestructible, and everything is indestructible!

This is the reason why his strike power is only 200 million stars, but he can also break the mask of the same level!

The mask finally broke!

Qin Feng is very happy!

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, he sucked the mysterious black storage ring into his hands...

Chapter 793 If you don't surrender! All are slaves!

As soon as Qin Feng got the black storage ring, he quickly checked it...

At the same time, billions of stars are inside and outside the starry sky.

Raphael is escaping quickly.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and quickly stopped.

The next second, he took out a white jade talisman from the storage ring.

As soon as the jade talisman appeared, a golden rune on it suddenly collapsed and turned into a little starlight!

Raphael's eyes lit up, he turned his head quickly, and looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm...

"This Qin Feng didn't disappoint me!"

At this moment, a happy smile appeared on Rafe's face.

If the rune is broken, it means that Qin Feng has successfully broken the ban.

It seems that although he made a mistake, he did not delay the event.

In the last five minutes, Qin Feng should join forces with his six messengers and the four avatars to break the forbidden mask.

That guy can be considered to have passed the test of Tianzun, and his strength is qualified to participate in Tianzun's plan!

The chance in the black storage ring was given to him by Tianzun.

Thinking of this, Rafa breathed a sigh of relief!

It was as if a boulder that had been pressed in the bottom of my heart was put down.

Then, as soon as he turned around, he escaped into the dark starry sky...

Rafi did not know that he greatly underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

This time, Qin Feng did not let his messengers assist, nor did he let his clone take action, and broke the ban by himself.

Such strength far exceeds the estimates of Raphael and Tianzun!

It's just that Rafa misses the truth!

He reported the answer he thought to Tianzun, and naturally he would make Tianzun misjudgment...

On the other hand, Qin Feng was still looking at the storage ring.

After a while, he finished checking the secret in the ring...

"Nian Zun is really weird! What does he mean?"

Qin Feng's mind retreated from the storage ring.

Afterwards, he looked at the direction where Rafi was leaving, showing a contemplative look.

At this time, Raphael has long gone...

After pondering for a while, Qin Feng recovered his mind and silently put away the black storage ring.

Afterwards, he looked at the sacred lotus bud of consciousness in front of him and put it away with joy.

This is also a nice gain!

It is rumored that the more petals the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' blooms, the stronger the power and the magical effect.

Open twelve petals for a small consummation!

When the thirteen petals are opened, they will enter another realm and give birth to new magical effects.

This holy lotus bud is very useful to Qin Feng's spiritual holy lotus growth.

Immediately, he sent the flower bud into the chaotic space and let the mind body handle it...

It was at this moment that he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up slightly.

Immediately, he waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, and a beautiful figure appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that Yu Xuanji had left the customs!

"Owner!"

As soon as Yu Xuanji saw Qin Feng, he came forward to meet him with joy.

She retreated this time, and her strength improved greatly.

It puts her in a good mood!

Qin Feng looked at her and showed a relieved smile.

Everything was as he expected, and Yu Xuanji's combat power increased to 140 million stars.

Such strength will be of great help to his next trip to the Holy Land.

"Master, you said before that there is something important to ask your concubine to help. I don't know why?"

Yu Xuanji looked around and found that he was outside the planetary barrier of the Blue Star Realm.

Qin Feng smiled: "The matter has been dealt with!"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Yu Xuanji was taken aback!

Immediately, she regretted: "It's because the concubine has been in seclusion for too long, which has delayed the master's important affairs!"