Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Things are handled very well! Let's go, back to Longyuan City! I also have some things that I want to discuss with you."

What Qin Feng wants to discuss is naturally about Tianzun and the secret in the storage ring.

Yu Xuanji was flattered!

When the master has something to discuss with himself, it is naturally his trust in her.

She quickly agreed!

At this time, Qin Feng flipped his palm again, and the book of life and death emerged and flew to the phantom avatar.

After the Mirage clone got the book of life and death, it flew to the Temple of Creation.

If you want to display humanitarian skills - reborn, you must rely on the book of life and death...

Long Yuan's 100,000 disciples are all participating in the Divine Martial Examination in the Temple of Creation.

The Mirage clone returns to the Temple of Creation, which is to enhance the potential of the children...

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng flew to the Blue Star Realm.

Yueling, Bingling, Woodling, and Jade Xuanji followed closely.

After a while, the group arrived at the planetary barrier.

Through the transparent barrier mask, Qin Feng saw tens of thousands of Blue Stars gathered beside the barrier, looking at him in awe, all nervous!

Kacha~!

Qin Feng snapped his fingers, and the barrier mask in front of him broke a big hole.

Then, he stepped in one step and entered the Blue Star Realm.

The three avatars and Yu Xuanji also filed in!

As soon as he entered, the spectators became even more nervous.

"The old man has seen Mr. Qin Feng!"

At this time, an old man in gray robe mustered up his courage and came forward tremblingly to meet him.

It's just that he looks nervous and speaks a little awkwardly.

His action, everyone immediately reacted, and they came forward to pay their respects.

"I've been waiting to see Lord Qin Feng!"

Qin Feng glanced at those people lightly.

At this time, Yu Xuanji quietly stepped forward and whispered.

"Master, these should be the leaders of the guardian forces of all parties, and some of them are the guardian forces of the Sixth Continent."

There are ten continents in the Blue Star Realm!

The residence of the Tiance Clan is in the sixth division.

At the beginning, there were many guardian forces that were attached to the Tiance Clan.

She recognized one or two of them!

In the past, these people were not even qualified to meet her, let alone meet Qin Feng.

Hearing this, Qin Feng knew it.

With his current strength, becoming a star master is inevitable.

In other words, this Blue Star Realm is his future territory.

Since it is his territory, these tens of thousands of guardian forces are what he has to deal with!

If you want to stay in his territory, you must obey him absolutely!

The leaders of these forces obviously also thought of this, so they waited tremblingly for him to come back.

"Hurry up and say something!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng spoke quietly.

He has a supreme and noble bearing, which makes everyone dare not look up at him.

At this moment, those people looked at each other, and they were too timid to speak.

After hesitating for a long time, the old man in gray robe spoke cautiously.

"Master Qin Feng, I want to join Longyuan City and become a subsidiary force of Longyuan, I don't know you..."

Halfway through the words, the old man did not dare to continue, and looked at Qin Feng anxiously.

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

These guys really came for this!

It is not so easy to become an affiliate of Longyuan City.

However, he also wants to give these guys a chance!

Immediately, he said: "If you want to become an affiliate of my Longyuan City, you need to meet two conditions!"

The old man's eyes lit up: "Sir, those two conditions?"

Qin Feng said softly: "The first rule: the leaders of your forces must recognize me as the master!"

"Article 2: I, the lord of Longyuan City, have the right to appoint and dismiss the leaders and elders of your forces. Of course, under normal circumstances, our lord of Longyuan will not intervene in your internal affairs!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, there was an uproar in the audience!

To recognize Qin Feng as the master is to give everything to Qin Feng!

The appointment and removal power of elders and leaders is equal to that of the lords of Longyuan City, and they have absolute control over the major forces.

This can be...

Many leaders hesitated!

The old man who took the lead immediately said: "The old man is willing! Please also ask the adults to take action and let the little old man sign a master-servant contract with you!"

As soon as his words fell, many power leaders agreed.

"Lord Qin Feng, I am also willing to do so!"

"I would too!"

"Sir, please let me wait to sign the contract!"

At this moment, the audience echoed continuously!

Ninety percent of the forces expressed their willingness to sign a master-slave contract with Qin Feng.

These people thought very clearly that Qin Feng was destined to become the master of Blue Star.

At this time, they did not take refuge in Longyuan City, and when Qin Feng really got the title of Star Lord, it would be even more difficult.

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji was very satisfied, secretly thinking that these guys are very aware of current affairs.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Don't promise so fast! Before you want to become an affiliate of my Longyuan City, this deity has some bad news, and I want to tell you!"

The gray-robed old man was puzzled: "Sir, what's the news? You said it!"

Qin Feng turned his palm over, and the black storage ring appeared in his palm.

"Truth to tell the truth! The deity got a piece of news that is very unfavorable for the deity from this storage ring! Four days later, Yeshen of the Bright God Realm will kill the Blue Star Realm!"

"Naye God is the pinnacle of God King! According to the information in this storage ring, its combat power has exceeded 700 million stars!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar!

Everyone was stunned!

Gosh!

700 million combat power!

That one punch can blast the entire Blue Star Realm!

Lord Qin Feng's attack barely reached 200 million stars.

Such strength is definitely not the opponent of Yashen!

If so, they recognize Lord Qin Feng as the master, and Lord Qin Feng is unlucky, don't they follow the unlucky?

At this thought, everyone was dumbfounded!

Even Yu Xuanji was stunned!

It was also the first time she heard about God!

Seeing everyone's horrified expressions, Qin Feng smiled coldly: "What should be said, the deity has already said it! You go back and think about it for a day. If you still want to become a vassal force of Longyuan City, then within three days of 5.7, Arrive at the floating city of my Longyuan headquarters!"

"At that time, the three avatars of the deity will sign a master-slave contract with you. If you don't want to, the deity will not force it! However, the time for signing this contract must be before the arrival of God."

"If you exceed this time line and have not signed a contract, you will lose the opportunity to become a vassal force of my Longyuan City! I will go back and think about it carefully!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the surrounding space shook.

In the next second, he, Yu Xuanji and the three clones also disappeared out of thin air.

Only the group of powerful leaders remained, and they stayed in the air one by one.

When Qin Feng and Yu Xuanji appeared again, they had already returned to the sky above the floating city.

Finally home!

Qin Feng overlooked the floating city and smiled!

At this moment, Yu Xuanji's voice sounded beside him.

"Master, why do you want to say something about Jesus?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "If you can't advance and retreat with me, Longyuan City, then you are not qualified to be our vassal force!"

Yu Xuanji was stunned.

Immediately, she sighed: "The master is still thoughtful! How are you going to deal with those forces that are unwilling to advance and retreat together?"

"I have more than one million white-skinned slaves in Longyuan City, which is not too many. Those who don't want to advance and retreat together are slaves! If I am the star master, this Blue Star Realm must be monolithic!"

Having said that, Qin Feng looked into the distance

Chapter 794: Holy Land Daojing! Mystery mastery!

At this moment, Qin Feng thought of another thing.

That is, Blue Star has descended on tens of billions of challengers, and there should be a large number of survivors scattered in every corner of the ten continents.

It's just that those survivors are too weak to stand out.

After he becomes the star master, he will find out all those survivors.

If it is Long Bi's compatriot, he will be absorbed into Longyuan City.

A country that is more friendly to Longbi develops into a vassal force.

As for those pesky white skins, sticks, daisies, etc., they are all turned into slaves

After thinking for a while, Qin Feng retracted his mind and looked at the beautiful woman beside him.

"Let's go! Let's discuss business!"

At this time, Qin Feng remembered the matter of Tianzun.

"Yes! Master!"

Yu Xuanji quickly agreed.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the two disappeared in place

The three clones of Yueling, Woodling and Bingling are stationed in the floating city.

A quarter of an hour later, in the chaotic space, in a secret room.

Yu Xuanji looked at Qin Feng in surprise.