Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Just now, Qin Feng briefly recounted the events of Tianzun, Yeshen, and Raphael.

After Yu Xuanji heard it, he was very shocked!

"Master, what do you mean, Yeshen will arrive at the Blue Star Realm in four days, and it was planned by Tianzun in secret?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's right! This time, Lu Xishen will rush to the Blue Star Realm so quickly, which is what Tianzun secretly planned!"

"Before Lucifer arrived, Raphael persuaded Lucifer to inform Yeshen of the secret route from the Bright God Realm to the Blue Star Realm with a communication jade talisman!"

"In this way, as soon as Lucifer falls, Yeshen will sense it. With the strength of Yeshen, it only takes about four days to follow the route of 19!"

Yu Xuanji frowned: "It seems that Yeshen is just a **** of Tianzun. It's just that the concubine doesn't understand why Tianzun is helping Yeshen while telling you these things?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "I can't understand it either! Maybe he is testing me and wants to give me a chance!"

Yu Xuanji was surprised: "Chance?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's right! The information left by Tianzun said that the upper and lower pages of the "Book of the Future" are in the hands of Yeshen. If I kill Yeshen, I can reorganize the "Book of the Future"! It's very important to me!"

Yu Xuanji is still puzzled: "If Tianzun really wants to help you, then I can tell you about the previous and next pages of the Book of the Future, instead of attracting Yeshen in advance!"

"That guy has a combat power of more than 700 million. With your strength, Master, I'm afraid it will be difficult to resist!"

Qin Feng also smiled slightly: "Yeah! If it wasn't for the arrangement of Tianzun, it would take ten and a half days at the earliest, not four days!"

Yu Xuanji was anxious: "Master, what should we do?!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and said: "Actually, Tianzun arranged this way, and it also gave me a chance to live. God arrived four days later, and that was when I came out of the Holy Land!"

Yu Xuanji's eyes lit up: "Yes! The Holy Land will be opened in half a day! Heavenly Venerate has ulterior motives for this arrangement! It seems that the master must obtain a huge improvement in the Holy Land in order to resist the attack of God!"

Qin Feng also nodded slightly: "Yeah! I have to increase my combat power to more than 500 million stars in the Holy Land before I can hope to resist God. But the Holy Land is only open for three days. I want to achieve that within three days. The combat power is almost impossible!"

Yu Xuanji was also worried and said: "Yes! Time is too short! Master, why did Tian Zun do this?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Perhaps, this is another test of Tianzun for me! By the way, he also left a message in the storage ring."

Yu Xuanji: "What information?"

Qin Feng: "Let me go to judge God's Domain in the future and find him in a secret place. He will give me the next page of "Book of the Past" and tell me some secrets about the ancestors of Longbi!"

The upper, middle and lower pages of the Book of the Past.

Qin Feng has got the top and middle pages.

The top page is "Book from the Ground", and the middle page is "Book of Life and Death"

If Tianzun sends him the next page, he will be able to condense the "Book of the Past".

This is also one of the tasks he must complete.

Yu Xuanji was puzzled: "Master, what exactly does Tianzun mean?"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "I don't know either! Anyway, I have to go to Judgment Divine Realm! I must also get the next page of "Book of the Past"!"

"That's right! That day Zun not only sent me the next page of the Book of the Past, he also sent these two treasures!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng took out two walnut-sized blue spar from the black storage ring, all of which exuded an amazing breath!

Yu Xuanji hurriedly looked

[Yuqing Daojing (Thunder): Fortune grade, contains 50% of the Dao rhyme of Thunder Avenue. 】

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the S-level lightning laws! 】

[Shangqing Daojing (Lei): Fortune grade, contains 50% of the Dao rhyme of the Thunder Road. 】

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the S-level lightning laws! 】RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

[Reminder: Shangqing Daojing (Lei) and Yuqing Daojing (Lei) each contain 50% Dao Yun. The two types of spar can be combined into one, and the complete road of thunder can be obtained. 】

After reading this, Yu Xuanji was greatly moved.

They are two treasures of good fortune!

That day is really a big deal!

Qin Feng looked at the two Dao crystals in front of him, and his heart was hot.

Now, his Thunder Element talent has just reached S rank, which is just enough to refine these two Dao Crystals.

When he refines these two Dao spar, he will be able to master the Dao of Thunder and make his strength soar!

Now, for Qin Feng, enlightenment is the fastest way to improve his strength!

Yu Xuanji stared blankly for a while, before sighing: "Master, the treasure presented by Heavenly Venerate is really precious! From this, he seems to hope that you can deal with God!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "If I can deal with God, then all the problems will be solved!"

"Forget it! Let's not mention this matter for the time being! The Venerable Heaven also reminded that there is a chance for Yuqing Daojing and Shangqing Daojing on the second floor of the Holy Land. I don't know if it is true or not?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said: "Master, it's true! My ancestor has been to the second floor of the Holy Land. He said that there are two kinds of Dao Crystals on the second floor of the Holy Land, but it is extremely difficult to get them!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and said with a little joy: "As long as it's true, it's easy to do! In this way, if I want to understand the Dao, there is a shortcut!"

Qin Feng's tone expressed his expectation for the trip to the Holy Land!

At present, the most urgent thing for him to do is to realize the Dao.

As long as he masters the Dao more, the strength will be improved more.

At the same time, it can also make him quickly become the master of the universe and the way of heaven!

Therefore, enlightenment is extremely important to him!

And now is the chance!

In the second floor of the Holy Land, there are Shangqing Daojing and Yuqing Daojing!

These two treasures of good fortune can allow him to quickly master the avenue, and also allow him to become the master of the universe earlier.

But she worried: "Master, the competition for opportunities on the second floor of the Holy Land is much more intense than the first floor. Those who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land are basically candidates for star masters, and they are the first people in the star realm."

"My ancestor once said that there are many quasi-god kings and **** kings in the players, all of them are giants in the world, and even the existence of the peak of the **** king!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! Generally, only Star Lord candidates can enter the second floor of the Holy Land. It is not surprising that there are so many strong people. It seems that I have to prepare more!"

"In half a day, the gate to the Holy Land will be opened. By then, Di Jiang and the others will almost be back. Go and prepare for your trip to the Holy Land now!"

"Yes! Master!"

Yu Xuanji was about to take his life.

"Right! This is for you!"

Qin Feng suddenly remembered something, took out a delicate white-bladed long sword from the storage ring, and threw it directly to Yu Xuanji.

Yu Xuanji took a look at it, and his eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

Isn't this the high-grade water-based sword that she saw in the 'Tianbao Pavilion', but she couldn't redeem it!

"Master, is this?"

"Give it to you! Take it for refining! This should be helpful for your next trip to the Holy Land!"

Yu Xuanji was overjoyed: "Thank you master!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Go!"

Immediately, Yu Xuanji resigned happily, took the long sword, and left happily.

Qin Feng looked at her slender back and smiled.

After learning that there were Shangqing Daojing and Yuqing Daojing on the second floor of the Holy Land, his mood also improved.

Seeing that, Yu Xuanji was about to leave the secret room.

But at this moment, she suddenly thought of something, and turned back!

"Master, my concubine suddenly remembered something important!"

Yu Xuanji's pretty face blushed inexplicably.

Qin Feng wondered: "what's the matter?"

Yu Xuanji said a little shyly: "Master, do you still remember that bloodline secret technique? Now, my concubine has completed the Shenwu 710 assessment, and we can use that secret technique!"

Qin Feng froze for a moment, then smiled.

He knew what Yu Xuanji meant.

That bloodline secret technique did strengthen his bloodline somewhat.

But for his current strength, the strengthening is very limited.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was about to decline.

Yu Xuanji seemed to see that Qin Feng was about to shirk again.

She hurriedly said: "Master, the Holy Land is about to open. The most important thing for you now is to improve your strength. That bloodline secret technique may not improve your strength very much. But no matter how small a mosquito is, it's still meat!"

"This"

Qin Feng's eyes could not help but fall on Yu Xuanji's beautiful face, and then flowed to his slender figure, showing hesitation.

Yu Xuanji continued to persuade: "Master, all this is voluntary! Besides, there are only two of you and me in the Chaos Space. It will be inconvenient to wait for Xiao Luan'er and the others to come back!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng thought about it for a while, and thought to himself that it made some sense.

Now is the best time!

Immediately, he smiled: "It's okay! The deity will try the effect of that secret technique!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand, and the surrounding space immediately shook.

The next second, the two disappeared together in the secret room

Time flies!

The spring breeze turns into rain, moistening things silently.

In the blink of an eye, five hours passed in the chaotic space.

At this moment, in the secret room where the four spiritual eggs of Zhu Rong, Gong Gong, Hou Tu, and Tian Wu were placed, a white light flashed, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

At this time, Qin Feng looked relaxed and seemed to be in a very good mood!

After five hours, he and Yu Xuanji completed the bloodline secret technique.

The whole process made him feel peaceful and happy.

The effect of the secret technique was beyond his imagination, and it actually increased his combat power by 10 million stars.

This took him by surprise!

At the same time, his bloodline talent is indeed strengthened.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the four spirit eggs in front of him!

Now that he is a Dao-level bloodline, it is time to let these four spirit eggs advance.

Chapter 795: Good Fortune pets! Thunder God Armor!

With this in mind, Qin Feng stepped out one step and came to the side of Houtu Ling Egg.

I saw the little guy exuding yellow aura all over his body and was sleeping soundly.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, then broke his fingers and squeezed out a drop of blood that was as red as glass.

As soon as the blood essence came out, the fragrance overflowed, refreshing, filling the entire secret room!

Its watch is even more cloudy, and the glow is shining, with its own rhythm.

This is blood!

Of course, this is just the primary blood.

If Qin Feng's bloodline continues to be strengthened, it can reach intermediate or even advanced level, and its magical effects will be even more infinite!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but recall the mystery of jade.

That woman's bloodline secret technique actually made his blood improve, which really surprised him.

This also allowed him to taste the beauty of Yu Xuanji!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flicked his index finger, and the drop of blood drew a beautiful arc...