Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Pa~!

A soft sound!

That drop of blood fell on the eggshell of the Houtu Spirit Egg.

Om~!

After the earth spirit egg immediately sensed, lit up a dazzling aura.

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

In the next second, the drop of blood was completely absorbed by the spirit egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, there was a light sound on the eggshell, and a brand new divine pattern was automatically born, exuding the breath of the Great Dao!

At the same time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven...

[Your pet 'Hour Earth Spirit Egg' absorbs Dao blood successfully, and automatically gives birth to the innate Dao pattern (The Dao of Earth)...]

[After your pet, the earth spirit egg is automatically promoted to the level of 'good luck'...]

Huh~!

Creation-level pet!

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked, and his eyes were shining!

Fortune-level divine pet, born in the realm of true gods, and comes with the power of the avenue.

This little guy is one of his six messengers!

And between him and the messengers, they can share their feelings.

That is to say, as long as the post-earth hatching is born, he can directly obtain the avenue of earth through the way of comprehension and sharing!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At this thought, Qin Feng was amazed!

It seems that he has found a way to quickly obtain the avenue.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly walked towards Zhu Rongling Egg...

[Your pet 'Zhu Rong Ling Egg' successfully absorbs Dao blood, and automatically gives birth to the innate Dao pattern (the Dao of Fire)...]

[Your pet Zhu Rongling egg is automatically promoted to the level of 'good luck'...]

[Your pet 'Gonggong Spirit Egg' successfully absorbed Dao blood, and automatically gave birth to the innate Dao pattern (The Dao of Water)...]

[Your pet Gonggong Spirit Egg is automatically promoted to the level of 'Fortune'...]

[Your pet 'Tianwu Spirit Egg' successfully absorbed Dao blood, and automatically gave birth to the innate Dao pattern (The Dao of Wind)...]

[Your battle pet, Wu Ling egg, is automatically promoted to the level of 'good luck'...]

In just a moment, Qin Feng evolved all four spirit eggs to the level of creation.

Those four spiritual eggs also gave birth to the Dao patterns of 'The Dao of Earth', 'The Dao of Fire', the 'The Dao of Water', and the 'The Dao of Wind'.

"Hoo~! It's finally completed successfully! I hope these four little guys can hatch as soon as possible!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and his eyes were full of expectations.

However, he was also very clear in his heart.

The little guy has advanced, and the incubation period will be extended again.

The higher the level of spiritual eggs, the longer the incubation period.

However, his chaotic space is blessed with 40 times the time force field, which should speed up the hatching of the little ones!

correct!

Calculate the time, in seven or eight hours from the outside world, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened!

It's time for him to go to enlightenment too!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency again.

He wants to improve his strength before entering the Holy Land, in order to gain more opportunities in the Holy Land.

After all, the opening of the Holy Land this time will be like a cloud of masters.

Ninety percent of those who can enter are candidates for the star master!

And none of the candidates who can become Star Masters are weak, and there are many who are at the level of God Kings, even at the peak of God Kings!

He dare not be careless!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is going to comprehend those avenues scrolls.

His body comprehends the Great Dao, which is more effective than his mind body...

But at this moment, a huge roar came from his sea of ​​consciousness!

The monstrous Dao rhyme power radiated from the sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his whole body...

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Shangqing Daojing (Lei), comprehended 50% Dao rhyme of the Wind Road, and your combat power +40,000 stars...]

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Yuqing Daojing (Lei), comprehended 50% Dao Rhyme of the Wind Road, and your combat power +40,000 stars...]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of Thunder! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +100 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has been successfully integrated with the Avenue of Thunder, and has been greatly strengthened. You will permanently receive 100 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the entire secret room was shaking violently!

That is the chaotic space, which is constantly expanding outward, causing the palace to shake...

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised to disperse his consciousness and peep into the entire chaotic space...

After all the movement disappeared, he discovered that the chaotic space had expanded from 170,000 miles to 200,000 miles, and it became more and more like a big world!

After a while, Qin Feng withdrew his consciousness, and his face was full of joy.

Now, he has another avenue in his hands!

The total is three, namely the Avenue of Blood, the Avenue of Wind, and the Avenue of Thunder.

However, in order to upgrade the chaotic space, three kinds of innate avenues are needed, not the acquired avenues!

The innate avenue is the foundation of the creation of the origin of the universe!

However, Qin Feng is also very satisfied with such progress!

By the way, during this period of time, under the operation of his mind body, the holy lotus of his mind devoured the holy lotus bud, which greatly improved his soul power and combat power.

In addition, several of his mind bodies were comprehending the Dao scroll, which also made his strength improve a lot!

Comprehending the Dao Scroll and comprehending the Dao Rhyme can also improve your strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel to check his latest progress...

[Holy Job]: Level 68

[Air Luck]: 1160 times

[Combat Strength]: 13.71 billion

The combat power has reached 13.71 billion!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

By the way, he has mastered the road of thunder, and that other good fortune artifact can also be refined.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly waved!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and a blue divine armor appeared in the air!

Qin Feng directly broke the blood and jumped to the **** armor...

Om~!

In the next second, the **** armor absorbed the blood of the gods, lit up a bright red light, and made a cheerful vibration!

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The Thunder God Armor has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master! 】

[Lei Tian Shen Jia: Fortune-level, innate artifact, can feed back 200 million star combat power]

Qin Feng is delighted!

The second Innate Divine Armor was also refined.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It has been detected that the Fengtian God Armor and the Thunder Sky God Armor have recognized you as the master, and the two Innate God Armor can be fused with each other! 】

what! Can this be done?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly summoned the Fengtian God Armor!

Om~!

As soon as the wind **** armor appeared, it burst into a dazzling azure light, and the power of the wind system was spread out!

Afterwards, Fengtian God Armor took the initiative to fly towards Thunder Sky God Armor!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the two innate **** armors will automatically merge and reorganize...

After a while, the two divine armors merged into one, turning into a blue-blue two-color divine armor, exuding the power of the Wind and Thunder Dao, with extraordinary might!

[Reminder: Your Fengtian armor and Thunder God armor are fused, and you will get the Wind and Thunder God armor]

[Wind and Thunder God Armor: Fortune-level, innate artifact, can feed back 400 million star combat power]

Feed back 400 million stars!

very good!

Qin Feng smiled, and then waved away the wind and thunder armor.

After doing this, he is going to retreat...

"."Hey! This is ¨"..."

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something and looked up at a certain place.

In the next second, his figure flashed and disappeared in place.

When Qin Feng appeared, he had already appeared in another secret room.

I saw a huge black coffin in the center of the secret room.

The corpse puppet 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' sat cross-legged on the coffin lid.

At this moment, the ancient **** of burning lamp slowly opened his eyes, and there was joy in those green eyes, which seemed full of spirituality.

When it saw Qin Feng coming, it was stunned for a moment, and then it showed respect.

It knows that this is its owner!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also looked at the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp'.

After a while, a look of relief appeared on his face.

The spirituality of this corpse is getting stronger and stronger, and it can self-refine the bright holy water to repair its broken soul.

Now, it has repaired its soul body to more than 95%, and it is not far from full recovery.

With the restoration of the soul body, its combat power also reached 1.7 billion stars in one fell swoop!

Such combat power makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

The Ancient God of Burning Lamp is a corpse puppet, not a living being. Even if there is no Holy Land pass, he can be brought into the second floor of the Holy Land.

Such a powerful corpse puppet, if he brings it in, it will definitely be of great use.

After all, the strength of this 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' is comparable to the limit of the main god, and among the players who enter the Holy Land, it should not be weak.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and summoned a black armor and a cyan light group.