Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

That black battle armor is the thief **** armor of the high-grade god-level limit, which originally belonged to the ancient **** of burning lamps.

That green light group is the 'Nine Yin Qi' at the peak of the high-grade **** rank, and it is the most suitable for repairing the soul body.

That is exactly what he accidentally obtained from the storage ring of God Lucifer.

As soon as the two treasures appear, they will automatically fly to the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp'.

The Ancient God of Burning Lamp was instantly delighted.

Although it is a corpse puppet, it also recognizes such two treasures.

Especially the 'Nine Yin Qi', which it had absorbed before.

If it absorbs this mass again, it will be able to completely repair its soul body and make it stronger.

At the moment, the ancient **** of burning the lamp subconsciously caught the two treasures and threw gratitude towards Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled and left.

He also looked forward to what the state of the Burning Deng Ancient Divine Soul Body would be like after it was completely repaired?

After a while, Qin Feng appeared in another secret room.

He was the only one in the secret room.

At this moment, he sat cross-legged and took out a silver-white avenue scroll.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

[Open Heaven Avenue Scroll: Fortune Grade, Houtian Avenue, ranked in the top 100]

After taking out the scroll, Qin Feng took a deep breath and began to comprehend.

Today, he has the avenues scrolls such as creation and chaos in his hands.

Those are the innate avenues, and it is extremely difficult to comprehend.

He wanted to feel it before the Holy Land opened, but it was almost impossible.

The Kaitian Avenue is the Houtian Avenue, which is easier to comprehend.

Therefore, Qin Feng chose to comprehend the Kaitian Avenue first.

In this way, Qin Feng comprehended the Kaitian Avenue while waiting for the Holy Land to open.

Chapter 795: The envoys return! Epiphany!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, five hours had passed from the outside world, and only three hours remained until the Holy Land opened.

At this time, seven figures appeared in the sky above the floating city.

The leader is the Moon Spirit clone.

Next to Yueling's avatar, there were also six people standing: Di Jiang, Jumang, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi.

I saw that the faces of the six people in Dijiang were full of joy.

It turned out that they had all completed the Divine Martial Examination and had broken through to the False God Realm.

The Moon Spirit clone went to the Temple of Creation and brought them back.

At this moment, the six people in Dijiang looked at the square below curiously.

I saw that on the square, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone stood in the center.

Dozens of unfamiliar heaven-level humans stepped forward one by one with respectful expressions and signed a contract with the two avatars.

"Dad, who are those people? Why haven't I seen them before?"

Di Jiang asked Yueling's avatar in a milky voice, and his little face was full of curiosity.

Feng Xi and the others also looked curious.

"Those are the leaders of the guardian forces! They came this time to sign a master-slave contract with me, and they want to become our affiliated forces of Longyuan City."

The Moon Spirit clone briefly described the matter of the affiliated forces.

Only then did the six Feng Xi realize suddenly!

After that, Feng Xi said: "Master, there are at least tens of thousands of guardian forces in the Blue Star Realm, but only a few dozen have come. It seems that those guardian forces were scared by Yeshen!"

On the way back, Yueling's clone had simply told everyone about Tianzun and Yeshen.

Knowing that Yeshen would arrive in three or four days, Feng Xi and the others were also very worried.

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er raised his mouth and said, "Humph! There are so many forces, only dozens of them have come here. Those guys really don't think highly of us at all!"

Qi Yue comforted: "Maybe it's just the beginning! After all, there are still three or four days before Ye Shen arrives!"

Xiao Luan'er said displeased: "At this rate, even after three or four days, not many forces are willing to advance and retreat with us! Do they really think that my father can't deal with God?"

Jumang also said angrily: "Sister is right! Those guys really underestimate us. After Dad defeats Yeshen, what will they do?"

Yueling's clone said coldly: "The opportunity is given to them! If Jane doesn't cherish it, that's their business! Those who are willing to advance and retreat with me in Longyuan City, I will naturally not treat them badly in the future. If they don't want to, then they will either be slaves. , or get out of the Blue Star Realm!"

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, when you get a first-class star-lord and become the master of the Blue Star. The entire Blue Star Realm will receive a lot of resources and rewards. Those forces who are unwilling to advance and retreat with us will Don't deserve to share those results!"

Yueling's clone sneered and said no more.

It is a sure thing for him to become a star master!

Naturally, he wanted a monolithic Blue Star Realm, and he would not tolerate or be merciful to those forces that were making small calculations.

"Don't pay attention to these trivial matters! Next, our most important thing is the trip to the Holy Land. In about three hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened. Take advantage of the time you have, hurry up and refine the resources I gave you."

Yueling's clone looked back at the six people with a gratified smile on her face.

This time, the strength of the six Dijiang people has been greatly improved after the Shenwu assessment.

Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi all received god-level evaluations, and their combat power exceeded 100 million stars.

Di Jiang and Jumang even got super god-level evaluations, and their combat power also broke through 200 million stars.

"Dad, then let's go to retreat!"

The six people in Dijiang quickly agreed.

They also know that the next trip to the Holy Land is very important to Qin Feng, and it is also important to them.

This time, after they broke through to the False God realm, their potential was improved again.

On the way back, the Moon Spirit clone gave the six of them enough resources to return to retreat and refine.

At the moment, the six people of Dijiang are going to return to the chaotic space.

"By the way, these artifacts are for you!"

At this time, the Yueling clone waved again, and the six artifacts flew to the six people respectively.

"Hey! They are all high-grade artifacts!"

Xiao Luan'er recognized the qualities of the six artifacts at a glance.

That's what Qin Feng bought from Tianbao Pavilion.

"Wow! It's a high-quality artifact! Thank you, Dad!"

"Thank you master!"

Di Jiang and Feng Xi were all pleasantly surprised.

With these high-grade artifacts, their overall strength can be greatly improved.

Immediately, with a wave of Yueling's avatar, Feng Xi and the others were taken into the chaotic space.

After returning to the chaotic space, Feng Xi and the others were amazed again!

They didn't return to the chaotic space for a long time, and found that the chaotic space had doubled in size.

"The master's space has become larger again! It seems that the master's strength has increased a lot!"

At this moment, Feng Xi was suspended in the air, looking at the sky far away and sighing.

Di Jiang said proudly: "Of course! Dad's progress has been very fast!"

Jumang also said: "Little Emperor, the two of us hurry to retreat! In three hours, the Holy Land will be opened!"

"Well! Sisters, let's go first!"

The two little guys dodged and disappeared in place.

"Everyone, Pindao also took a step back!"

Qingchengzi also bowed his hands and turned around to fly to his pavilion.

At the moment, Feng Xi, Qiyue, and Xiaoluan'er were left in the field.

The three girls are also going to retreat separately.

"Hey! Two sisters, look over there! Isn't that sister Xuanji!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's eyes were sharp, and he saw Yu Xuanji picking elixir in a sea of ​​flowers in the distance.

Feng Xi smiled slightly: "Let's go! Let's go over and say hello to her!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three girls flew in the direction of Yu Xuanji.

But just halfway through the flight, Qiyue frowned slightly: "Sister Fengxi, have you noticed that Sister Xuanji is walking a little weird today, as if she doesn't fit together."

Xiao Luan'er also nodded slightly: "Yes! I found it too! Could it be that Sister Xuanji's leg is injured? I just said, why is she picking elixir!"

"This"

Feng Xi looked at Yu Xuanji's legs that couldn't close together, thoughtfully.

It was at this moment that Yu Xuanji also sensed them, and hurriedly turned to look over.

The next second, she flew over happily.

After a while, the four girls got together.

"Sister Xuanji!"

The three of Xiao Luan'er greeted him happily.

As they approached, the three women discovered that Yu Xuanji was a little different from the past, and seemed to be more feminine.

"You three are finally back! It seems that your breakthrough is not small!"

Yu Xuanji also looked at the three girls with joy.

She found that the three women's combat powers were all over 100 million stars. She secretly thought that with such strength, she could help her master a little, and she was very gratified.

"Sister Xuanji, what are you doing here?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "Pick some elixir and want to refine some elixir!"

Xiao Luan'er quickly asked with concern: "Sister Xuanji, are you injured somewhere?"

Yu Xuanji's pretty face blushed inexplicably.

Then, she said angrily, "Don't talk nonsense, kid! I'm not injured! By the way, when you come back, will you know about Tianzun and Jesus?"

When it comes to business, the goddesses also become serious.

"I heard! On the way back, the master's avatar told us. In three hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened. This trip to the Holy Land is very important to the master!"

Feng Xi sighed, with worry in her tone.

Naye God's combat power has broken through 700 million stars, while the master's combat power is only over 100 million stars.

The difference between the two is huge, and she can't worry about it or not.

Yu Xuanji also nodded: "Yes! The pressure on the master is too great! This time, after we enter the Holy Land, we must fully assist the master to obtain more opportunities."

Feng Xi nodded: "That's right!"

As soon as she finished speaking, she looked at Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

"Time is running out, we should also go to retreat."

"Well! Sister Xuanji, let's go first!"

"You go!"