Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After saying hello, the three of Xiao Luan'er flew to their own pavilion.

Seeing the backs of the three women leaving, Yu Xuanji breathed a sigh of relief.

Before, she had heard the muttering of the three girls.

Unexpectedly, the three women's observations were so keen.

Fortunately, the three girls didn't ask much.

Otherwise, she really didn't know how to explain it.

Yu Xuanji breathed a sigh of relief again, and there was a smug rosy flush on her pretty face.

After that, she stopped thinking about it and continued to pick elixir

Time just passed by!

In the blink of an eye, three hours had passed from the outside world, and there were only ten minutes left before the entrance to the Holy Land opened.

At this moment, thousands of people gathered above the floating city.

In addition to Yueling Clone, Yu Xuanji, Di Jiang and others, there are also thousands of Long Yuan disciples.

These are all the disciples who have completed the Divine Martial Examination and were picked up by the Moon Spirit clone.

Elite children such as Liu Xuan and Granny Feng Qi were not among them.

Most of those who could complete the assessment so quickly were the most unqualified disciples of Long Yuan.

The better the aptitude of the children, the later they will be eliminated and the longer the assessment time will be.

To Qin Feng's relief, even the worst group of disciples in Longyuan City were successfully promoted to the False God realm.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

At this time, those Long Yuan disciples were all nervous, looking up at the sky one by one, waiting for the entrance to the Holy Land to open.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er and others were also waiting anxiously.

"Dad, the Holy Land is about to open, haven't your body been out yet?"

At this time, Di Jiang anxiously asked about Yueling's clone.

The Moon Spirit clone also took a deep breath and looked into the air.

yes!

In less than ten minutes, the Holy Land will be opened!

But his body is comprehending the Kaitian Avenue, and it has reached the final critical moment.

At this time, if his body gave up his perception, he would miss the best state of enlightenment and delay his enlightenment.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone was a little anxious.

Having said that, three hours have passed in the outside world, and five days have passed in the chaotic space!

During these five days, Qin Feng and all the minds were enlightened.

Although Qin Feng did not realize the Dao, he realized a lot of Dao rhyme, and the harvest was very considerable.

Today, Qin Feng's combat power has unknowingly increased to 13.93 billion stars.

"Dad, there are only about 9 minutes left!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er also reminded anxiously.

Yueling's clone took a deep breath, trying to appease the two little guys.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the aura of his whole body suddenly soared, and a new power of the Great Dao emanated from his body.

Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, and she quickly turned her head in surprise, looking in the direction of the chaotic space.

He sensed that at this moment, the main body actually realized the avenue of opening the sky.

Chapter 796: The Holy Son of Humanity! Our Lady of Light!

It was at this moment, in the chaotic space, a certain cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged in the center of the secret room, exuding the mighty power of the Great Dao!

At this moment, the entire secret room is shaking violently!

That is that the chaotic space is expanding outward, causing the palace to shake...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge is also roaring constantly...

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of Kaitian! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +200 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has been successfully integrated with the Kaitian Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 200 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

After a long time, all the movement slowly dissipated~!

The chaotic space has expanded from a radius of 200,000 miles to 250,000 miles, and it has increased - a lot!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

Open the road!

Epiphany succeeded!

This time, he has accumulated a 400 million star combat power increase, which is much stronger than the Avenue of Thunder and the Avenue of Wind!

That Kaitian Avenue deserves to be the top 100 Houtian Avenue!

Qin Feng found that he had an epiphany on the avenue of blood, and a total of 600 million star combat power had been improved.

Epiphany Kaitian Avenue, won 400 million stars.

The Road of Epiphany Thunder and the Road of Wind are both 200 million stars.

It can be seen from this that the power between Tao and Tao is strong and weak.

Innate Dao is naturally the strongest!

Then there is the top 100 Houtian Avenue, and then the ordinary Houtian Avenue.

In short, Qin Feng had an epiphany on Kaitian Avenue, and his combat power increased to 14.33 billion stars in one fell swoop.

He is very satisfied with it!

Now, he has mastered four avenues, namely the avenue of blood, the avenue of opening the sky, the avenue of wind, and the avenue of thunder.

As long as he masters one more piece, he will be able to meet the requirements for the number of avenues to be promoted to evangelist.

At present, among his many innate avenues of enlightenment, the one that will achieve the fastest epiphany is the avenue of souls.

Among the forty-nine innate avenues, the Way of the Soul is the easiest to understand.

Now, Qin Feng has realized more than 95% of Dao rhyme, and he is almost half done.

As he deepened his understanding of the Dao of Soul Dao, the strength of his soul body was also strengthened, reaching 77.3% in the middle stage of the God King.

The strength of the soul body and the epiphany of the soul road are closely related, and the two achieve each other.

"Hoo~! I finally realized that I succeeded!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and stood up with a smile.

It was at this moment that the scroll of the 'Opening Heaven Avenue' in front of him spontaneously ignited without fire, and instantly turned into ashes!

Dao Cheng roll pin!

This volume is not for second person to comprehend!

Heaven and Earth Avenue!

The origin of the universe!

How can it be given so easily!

Qin Feng is no stranger to it!

As his strength soared, he was looking forward to this trip to the Holy Land even more.

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he sensed something again and hurriedly looked in a certain direction.

In the next second, his figure flashed and he appeared in another secret room.

In the center of the secret room, the corpse puppet 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' sat cross-legged on the coffin lid.

At this moment, it opened its eyes with joy, showing a very human side.

This corpse puppet is getting more and more spiritual!

And Qin Feng's sudden appearance made it look solemn.

"Lord Lord Lord!"

The next second, it spit out human words, but its tongue was a little stiff.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was quite surprised.

The more spiritual the corpse puppet is, the higher the growth limit, and the greater the help to him in the future.

Then, he looked at the corpse puppet again.

This look made him happy again.

This corpse puppet's soul body has been completely repaired, and its combat power has recovered to 2 billion stars in one fell swoop, which is really surprising.

"Not bad! Lighting the lamp, this is a reward for you!"

Qin Feng waved his hand again, and a black spiritual fruit exuding a cold air flew towards the ancient **** of burning lamp.

The ancient **** of burning lamp subconsciously caught the spirit fruit, and his green eyes looked at the spirit fruit blankly.

Although it has repaired its soul body, it lacks memory and has limited cognition.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This is the ghost fruit of the middle grade **** rank, which can nourish the soul body. Take it and refine it! It should be useful to you!"

The eyes of the Burning Lamp Ancient God lit up, and a happy expression appeared on his stiff face.

"Thank you so much, Master!"

Qin Feng smiled, turned into white light, and disappeared into the secret room out of thin air.

The 'Wraith Fruit' was purchased by him in Tianbao Pavilion, and it has no effect on him.

The resources that can be useful to Qin Feng now must be at least high-grade god-level or above.

Qin Feng will give the "Wraith Fruit" to the ancient **** of burning lamp, just because he sees its potential.

This guy was a **** king before his death, and his combat power exceeded at least 10 billion stars.

Now he is just repairing the broken soul body, but it has not reached the peak level.

Qin Feng asked the ancient **** of burning lamp to refine the ghost fruit, just to let it restore the soul body to its peak as soon as possible.

That would be of great help in improving the strength of the Ancient God of Burning Lamp.

In this way, after Qin Feng left, the eyes of the ancient **** of burning lamp shone with a faint green light, looking very excited.

In the next second, it swallowed the spirit fruit and started refining...

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

The disciples of Long Yuan were anxiously waiting for the entrance to the Holy Land to open.

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi and others were also anxious.

Time is almost up!

Why hasn't the master come out yet?

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed next to Yueling's clone, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

"Owner!"

"dad!"