Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they came forward to greet him with joy.

"Dad, you finally came out! I'm so worried that you will miss this trip to the Holy Land."

Xiao Luan sighed in relief.

Qin Feng smiled: "How could I miss such an important opportunity?"

At the same time as he spoke, he looked away at Xiao Luan'er.

He looked at him with a satisfied smile.

After this retreat, Xiao Luan'er's combat power has reached 140 million stars, which is very good.

Looking at Fengxi, Qiyue, Qingchengzi, Jumang, and Dijiang, all of them have made great progress.

Finally, Qin Feng's eyes fell on Yu Xuanji.

When Yu Xuanji saw him, he lowered his head slightly and blushed a little embarrassedly.

Qin Feng also turned his eyes away calmly.

Feng Xi watched this scene silently, and there was a hint of doubt in her beautiful eyes.

Yu Xuanji has the bloodline secret technique, she knows it.

Yu Xuanji had communicated with her privately, could it be that

"Dad, in 7 minutes, the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open! I'm so anxious to wait!"

At this time, Di Jiang's milky voice sounded in the field.

The little guys can't wait.

Qin Feng fondly touched his little head.

"Little guy, this trip to the Holy Land is not so fun! There will be fights inside, don't be too optimistic!"

Di Jiang raised his face and said, "Dad, if you protect me, I'm not afraid!"

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

In this way, the group continued to wait for the gate of the Holy Land to open...

While Qin Feng was waiting for the Holy Land to open, something was also happening at the headquarters of the Bright God Domain.

At this moment, in the headquarters of Bright God Domain, on the seventh main star, in a huge temple.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Ye Shen had a gloomy face, looking at the broken soul card in his hand.

That is the soul card of God Lucy!

The soul card is broken!

Represents the fall of Lucifer!

This made him extremely sad!

Lucius, the number one general under his command, actually fell in the Blue Star Realm, which was still the last planet.

It made him incomprehensible!

What kind of powerful existence can a last-class planet have?

It would be good to have a main god?

How could anyone kill Lucy!

"What the **** happened?"

Ye Shen crushed the soul card with hatred in his tone.

No matter what happened, he would go to the Blue Star Realm to find out the truth.

With this in mind, he is about to leave the hall!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and a graceful figure appeared out of thin air.

Ye Shen looked up quickly, and saw that the person was a beautiful woman with blonde hair and blue eyes and a graceful figure.

Then look at the beautiful woman wearing a moon-white robe with a gold border embroidered on the neckline. She has an extraordinary temperament and a dignified appearance.

The momentum exuding from his body is suddenly the pinnacle of the **** king, and has reached more than 600 million stars, not much weaker than that of God Naye.

"How did you come?"

When Ye Shen saw the beautiful woman, his expression sank, and his tone was lukewarm.

The beautiful woman looked at him and sighed helplessly: "I'm not worried about you, that's why I came to find you!"

Ye Shen smiled coldly: "Don't worry about it! I still have something to do, I'll go first!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ye Shen was about to leave.

The beautiful woman hurriedly called: "Has God Lucifer fallen? Are you going to avenge him?"

Ye Shen was shocked, and looked at the beautiful woman with a face full of surprise.

Seeing this, the beautiful woman sighed: "Hey! It seems that your expression shows that my divination is right!"

Hearing this, Ye Shen was moved again.

After a while, he calmed down and looked at the beautiful woman indifferently.

"It seems that you have made great progress in humanism and cause and effect. Lucifer has just fallen, so you can calculate it."

The beautiful woman sighed: "Yeah, I know you have grievances, and your concubine can understand it. However, you are right. My astrology has indeed improved a lot. This is also the result of my years of humanistic research!"

"Humanity?! Ha!"

Ye Shen smiled coldly, his tone full of resentment.

It turned out that this beautiful woman was called Mary, who was once a saint in the Light God Domain and also a Taoist companion of Jesus.

The relationship between the two was originally like glue.

But since Maria became obsessed with studying the numbers of humanity, she has done some crazy things.

For example, she uses her own body as the mother's womb, and then relies on humane means to create a holy child with incomparable talent and potential!

The Holy Son had neither her blood nor the blood of the Lord, and was born through the body.

Birth of the Son! God's Domain sensation!

Even the lord of the light domain was disturbed, and he personally accepted the son as his adopted son and brought it back to the domain lord's palace for cultivation.

Since then, Mary has also changed from the "Virgin of Light" to the "Virgin of Light", and the name has moved the domain of the gods.

For this matter, Ye God couldn't accept it, and always felt a green light on his head.

After all, the holy son did not have his bloodline, but he was born by his Taoist companion.

How could he accept this? !

Maria didn't feel anything.

She never betrayed God, she just used her body to perform a humane technique.

In her opinion, everything she does is for the sake of the Light God Domain, which is a selfless act.

Yay God should have understood her!

As a result, there was a crack in the relationship between the two.

"Humph! Maria, you came to me just to show off your astrology?"

Ye Shen's tone was still cold.

Maria sighed: "Hey! I'm here to save you! If you go to the Blue Star Realm this time, there will be a big crisis!"

Hearing this, Ye Shen finally moved... 3.

Chapter seven hundred and ninety-seventh to establish the heart! Holy Land Open!

Ye Shen hesitated for a while, and then asked, "What kind of crisis do you have?"

Maria said with a serious face: "If you go to the Blue Star Realm alone, you will have a 50% chance of falling!"

"This deity will fall? Hehe!"

Ye Shen sneered, his face full of disbelief.

His dignified peak of the **** king, how could he fall when he went to a last-class planet?

"Hey!"

Seeing Yashen's stubborn expression, Maria couldn't help sighing.

She knows **** too well!

This guy is stubborn and stubborn.

If I can't convince him, I'm afraid I won't believe her words.

"Yesshen, this time you arranged for Lucifer to go to the Blue Star Realm. One is for the pages of the future book you brought back with your incarnation, and the other is for the Book of the Present World. Am I right?"

Yashen was shocked again: "You even fortuned about these?"

Maria sneered: "If it wasn't for my divination, could it be that you told me? With what I know about you, you can never tell outsiders about the Book of the Present World."

"And you are in such a hurry to go to the Blue Star Realm to win the pages of the Book of the Present World and the Book of the Future. As for revenge for God Lucy, that's all incidental."

After hearing these words, Ye Shen couldn't help swallowing his saliva.

Maria understood his thoughts and actions so clearly that he had to pay attention.

"It seems that your astrology has really advanced. Then you can tell who killed Lucy?"

"this"

Maria hesitated.

Ye Shen frowned: "Don't you have a divination?"

Maria smiled bitterly: "That's right!"

Yeshen wondered: "Isn't your astrology great progress? You have even predicted my actions, why can't you predict the murderer who killed God Lucy?"

"Hey~! If I can't divination, it means that the person has mastered the power of cause and effect. Only those who master cause and effect will kill people without sticking to cause and effect, and people will not be able to divination his details or his whereabouts! "

Speaking of this, Maria sighed and looked towards the Blue Star Realm.

"What?! Master the power of cause and effect?"

There was fear in Jesus' eyes.

The Dao of Cause and Effect is the first of all Dao!

A person who can master the Dao of Karma, even if it is only in the realm of the king of gods, is not something he can provoke.

Stand together! Three lives!

The King of God must stand together!

Half-step eternity is determined by three ways!

Because of the different ways of standing, the God King is divided into three grades!

The first grade, based on the congenital avenue, is the strongest in the same grade.

The second rank is based on the top 100 Acquired Dao, followed by strength.

The third grade is based on ordinary acquired avenues.

And God is the third grade!

He thought that the bright road came to set his mind!

In this way, how could he not be afraid of the Great Dao of Cause and Effect.

"Don't worry! Although I can't deduce the identity of the murderer, but from many details, I can infer that the murderer is at most a quasi-god king, but he has already come into contact with the Dao of Karma!"

Maria said confidently.

"You're the king of gods!"