Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ye Shen breathed a sigh of relief.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

If it is just a quasi-god king, even if he has mastered the avenue of cause and effect, it is not bad that his comprehensive strength can reach the threshold of a **** king.

He has nothing to worry about!

With the strength of his god-king peak, he can destroy the god-king threshold with one palm!

Maria said with a serious expression: "For those who master cause and effect, you must not underestimate them. Such people are good at divination and are proficient in calculations. Therefore, if you go to the Blue Star Realm now, you have a 50% chance of falling!"

Ye Shen frowned: "How to break it?"

Maria smiled proudly: "This is the purpose of my coming to you. Although that person has mastered the cause and effect, he doesn't seem to be proficient. He can only cover up the secrets, and he has not yet reached the level of mastery of human affairs!"

"He can count on you, but he definitely can't count on me. I'm afraid he didn't expect that there is also a person who is proficient in humane deduction in this Bright God Realm."

"So, if you are willing to let me accompany you to the Blue Star Realm, I will definitely ensure your safety, and at the same time, I will also allow you to obtain the pages of the Book of the Present World and the Book of the Future!"

As soon as these words fell, Maria looked at **** with anticipation.

All she did was to repair her relationship with God.

"This," Ye Shen hesitated.

After a long time, he sighed: "That's it! Just come with me!"

Maria's eyes lit up, her face brightened.

Immediately, she smiled and said: "That's right! I'm afraid that the murderer never thought of it, I will go with you to find him! This time, he will definitely die!"

Ye Shen smiled coldly: "That's his own fault! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two figures flashed and disappeared into the hall.

Obviously, Maria misjudged Qin Feng.

Qin Feng did not grasp the cause and effect, but he relied on the **** of cause and effect to give him the power of the avenue of cause and effect.

That is the back-feeding and blessing of the power of heaven and earth in the chaotic space.

It is because of this layer of causal protection that he can kill without sticking to causality, and the details of his whereabouts cannot be deduced.

That's why Maria's calculations went wrong!

In the same way, Qin Feng did not expect that there would be two peaks of **** kings coming to him this time!

His situation has become even more critical!

But on the other side, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

Everyone in Longyuan is anxiously waiting for the Holy Land to open.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, Qin Feng felt something, and looked up at the direction of the Temple of Creation.

In the next second, the surrounding void suddenly vibrated!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

One after another dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into his body

[Reminder: Your servant Liu Yan's combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant Wei Long's combat power exceeds 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body was shrouded in white light, and his momentum continued to increase.

He suddenly laughed!

It turned out that another group of Long Yuan's disciples were promoted to the demigod realm, and their combat power broke through 500,000 stars, which brought him back-feeding!

After a while, the backfeeding is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

This time, he has received more than 6,000 feedbacks in one fell swoop, and his combat power has skyrocketed by about 20,000 stars!

His comprehensive combat power has soared to 14.35 billion stars, and it has improved a lot!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

At this point, his 500,000-star feedback has also reached the upper limit.

Before that, he had already received 2,000 combat power back-feeding, that is, the more than 2,000 Long Yuan disciples who rushed back in front of him.

Next, he wants to get feedback, that is, breaking 10,000 stars.

"Dad, has someone in our Long Yuan been promoted to the demigod realm?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan's excited voice sounded in the field.

Everyone has seen the back-feeding of the combat power just now.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's right! There are quite a few people promoted this time!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone showed joy.

The development of Longyuan City is getting smoother and stronger.

With the current strength of Long Yuan's children, they are no less than the power of star masters above the third-level star realm.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such development progress.

It was at this moment that another reminder came from his sea of ​​knowledge...

[Longyuan Announcement: Residents of Longyuan City have been detected, and the number of people whose cultivation base has reached the demigod realm has exceeded 10,000, and has initially met the requirements for promotion to Longyuan Sanctuary]

[The requirements for the promotion of the sanctuary are as follows]

[Article 1: Unify all the forces in the Blue Star Realm]

[Article 2: City Lord Longyuan becomes the Star Lord of the Blue Star Realm]

[Reminder: After Longyuan City is promoted to Longyuan Sanctuary, it will receive unimaginably rich rewards]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was shocked!

Everyone in Longyuan accepted this announcement!

"Dad, our Longyuan City has activated the conditions for promotion to the Sanctuary!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly

Yu Xuanji also smiled and said, "Master, your previous thoughts on dealing with the guardian forces of the Blue Star Realm coincide with the requirements for promotion of the Sanctuary!"

Feng Xi also smiled and nodded: "Yes! After the master has dealt with the matter of Ye Shen, it is time to unify those forces!"

Qi Yue was a little annoyed: "It's been half a day now, and there are less than 100 forces willing to sign a contract with the master to advance and retreat with me in Longyuan City. Those forces are really scared by Ye Shen! "

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "The chance has been given to them! It's just this time!"

As soon as these words fell, an earth-shattering roar sounded above the sky!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Everyone was shocked and looked up.

Seeing thousands of miles above the sky, a huge space crack slowly cracked open.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The cracks got bigger and bigger, and then slowly opened to both sides, as if pushing open a giant door in space.

A moment later, an incomparably huge golden gate of light, reaching a height of hundreds of millions of feet, appeared over the Blue Star Realm, emitting an incomparably sacred aura, covering the entire Blue Star Realm in the competition area.

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan cheered excitedly.

"It's open! The entrance to the Holy Land is open!"

"Dad! Daddy! The Holy Land is open!"

The two little guys, Di Jiang and Jumang, were the most excited.

They couldn't wait.

Qin Feng also looked up at the sacred golden gate of light, and his heart was full of expectations.

At this moment, the ethereal voice of heaven echoed from the sky...

[Sanctuary Announcement: The entrance to the second floor of the Holy Land has been opened. Players who have the 'Second Floor Pass of the Holy Land', please enter the Holy Land within ten minutes. ] 1.7

【Countdown: 10:… 】

The countdown has begun!

Qin Feng waved his hand quickly, and the seven pass orders flew to Dijiang, Jumang, Xiaoluaner, Yuxuanji, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi.

After the seven people in Dijiang got the token, they all looked happy.

"Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng took the lead and flew to the entrance of the Holy Land.

The Dijiang Seven followed...

In just a moment, Qin Feng's eight people flew above the sky.

The disciples of Long Yuan looked at the backs of Qin Feng and others with anticipation in their eyes!

At the same moment, the opening of the entrance to the Holy Land has already alarmed the entire Blue Star Realm!

At this moment, in every corner of the Blue Star Realm, silhouettes walked out, looking up at the sky.

At this moment, everyone saw that Qin Feng and eight people were flying to the entrance of the Holy Land

At this time, over a hidden valley, several old men with extraordinary temperament were also looking up at the sky.

These people are the leaders of one side of the guardian force!

At this moment, all the old people looked at Qin Feng's back with a little indifference.

Obviously, they are not optimistic about the battle between Qin Feng and Yeshen, and it has not changed because of the opening of the Holy Land.

Not only them, but in every corner of the Blue Star Realm, thousands of guardian force leaders are watching from the sidelines.

Few people think that after Qin Feng returns from the Holy Land, he will be able to deal with God

Chapter 798 The opportunity opens! Nine secret realms!

At this time, above the hidden valley, several old men watched for a while, and then muttered.

"Everyone, Qin Feng is going to the Holy Land, what do you think?"

"Of course I'm envious! More than 90% of those who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land are star master candidates. That's not an ordinary chance!"

"It's a pity! Even if Qin Feng has the chance to be in the Holy Land, he is not an opponent of Yeshen. Anyway, the old man is not optimistic about him! Three days later, when Yeshen comes, he will surely fall!"

"So, Chen Lao doesn't plan to advance or retreat with Longyuan City?"

"Of course! The old man is not a fool, how could he do such a foolish act! The old man just asks God to kill Qin Feng and stop attacking me in the Blue Star Realm!"

As soon as these words fell, all the old men were silent, and their eyes looking at Qin Feng became more and more indifferent.

At this moment, not only are they thinking this way, but in every corner of the Blue Star Realm, the leaders of the guardian forces all have similar ideas!

At this moment, Qin Feng and his party flew to the entrance of the Holy Land.

"Dad! Daddy! Here we are!"

Di Jiang looked at the entrance ahead with excitement on his face.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Then go in!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Di Jiang couldn't wait to fly to the entrance.

Jumang and Xiaoluaner followed closely behind.

Qin Feng stayed at the end.

Just as he was about to enter the Holy Land, he suddenly turned his head and overlooked the Blue Star Realm.