Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As long as his combat power reaches 100 stars, that is, he has stepped into the ground-level combat power, and is no longer a human-level master.

It's a ground-level expert!

At that time, there will definitely be earth-shaking changes!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

By the way, according to this progress, if he can lead Longyuan Village to get the top three 0 in the upgrade competition

Then he can get 1000 attribute rewards again, and his combat power has skyrocketed again.

Perhaps, with this opportunity, he will be able to personally defeat the Heavenly Punisher in the Heavenly Punishment assessment four days later.

Resist the natural punishment of those who are punished, the village will continue to be preserved, and at the same time will receive rich rewards.

And defeating the punisher, all rewards are doubled!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became, and his heart was burning like fire.

He wants to defeat the Punisher!

He wants to maximize the reward!

Of course, all this requires him to get the top three in the village competition, then there is a 50% chance, otherwise everything will be ignored.

By the way, it's time to go to Qiushui Lake!

Now it's a game!

Time is racing against the clock, don't delay!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly closed the panel and clicked 'one key return'.

In the next second, he returned to the place where he was last night, the ruins of the lost village.

As the village head, within 24 hours, he can use the 'One Key Return to the Village' three times.

This is the second time he has used it.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

As soon as he arrived at the location, he hurriedly entered the mission channel to check the location of Qiushui Lake.

After checking, he rushed towards Qiushui Lake...

At the same time, the villagers of Longyuan Village were all working hard as if they had been beaten with blood.

The news of Qin Feng becoming the 'great novice emperor' was like a shot in the arm, making all the villagers excited.

Because they saw it, the upgrade of Longyuan Village was in sight.

The boss is so powerful.

Nor can they hold back.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

At this moment, Qin Feng finally arrived at the destination - Qiushui Lake.

Qiushui Lake is located in the north of Liluo Prairie, more than a hundred miles away from Lost Village, which is not too close.

However, at Qin Feng's speed, it only took one hour to arrive.

Along the way, he also killed more than a dozen beasts, 3.7 obtained 9000 energy points, and extracted more than a dozen attribute points, which is a small gain.

In addition, Longyuan Village is also making continuous progress.

The number of Grade 1 cabins has risen from 67 to 73.

Liu Xuan has also risen to level 8, and the rest of the top ten masters are not far from level 8.

Everyone is trying their best!

"finally reached!"

Qin Feng held a cigarette at the corner of his mouth and looked at the rippling lake in front of him.

This autumn lake is very large and stretches for hundreds of miles. The lake is sparkling, the breeze is moving, and the scenery is beautiful.

The one-horned tortoise king he wanted to kill fiercely was hidden in this hundred-mile lake, and it seemed difficult to find it!

Also, the ice stone he wants is at the bottom of this deep lake.

Time is running out!

It's time to act!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng exhaled a long string of smoke rings.

The lake wind blows, and the clothes fly.

Mars flashes!

He flicked the cigarette **** off his fingertips.

puff~!

The next second, he jumped into the deep lake ahead...

PS: I just updated a chapter, adjusted it, and caused inconvenience to the big guys, sorry for the inconvenience!

Chapter 99: Accidental Awakening, Magical Use of Talent!

Goo~! Lu~! Lu~!

As soon as Qin Feng jumped into the lake, he choked several large mouths of lake water.

"Lying ~ trough..."

He opened his mouth and was slammed into a large gulp of lake water.

Made!

He forgot that he was a landlubber!

Can't swim!

Since this time, his strength has been soaring.

It seems to have become an existence beyond human beings, almost omnipotent.

This made him lose his mind, and he forgot that he couldn't swim anymore.

Gooooooooooooo!

While struggling in the water, Qin Feng sank to the bottom of the lake.

With all his equipment and weapons, he had to sink.

However, he quickly calmed down and quickly held his breath.

In this way, Qin Feng calmed down and sank steadily in the lake.

He also saw the conditions at the bottom of the lake.

The water in the lake was clear, and he had the talent of six senses, and his eyesight was excellent.

At this moment, many schools of fish looked at him in shock.

The human jumped in abruptly, and after struggling with all his might, he just let himself sink.

Is this guy going to kill himself?

They thought this human was going to drown!

Now, it seems that is not the case.

At this moment, Qin Feng was also depressed.

With his current strength, it is no problem to hold his breath for half an hour, and he cannot drown at all.

But it can't stay underwater for a long time.

07 But the one-horned turtle king and the ice stone are hidden deep in the bottom of the lake.

To find these, he would have to dive underwater for a long time.

Holding your breath for half an hour is not enough.

According to the description in the mission information, Qiushui Lake is a thousand feet deep, that is, three hundred meters deep.

The deepest place can reach more than 3,000 feet, which is nearly a thousand meters deep!

In such a deep place, when he went back and forth, he was almost at the limit of holding his breath.

What is even more depressing is that he is equipped with equipment, making his body heavy and sinking all the time under the lake water.

If it sinks too deep and the pressure at the bottom of the lake is too great, he is afraid that he will not be able to float up and will suffocate to death.

"Nima! I thought this mission was completed well, it seems that I am too optimistic!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, a little upset.

Going on like this, he would have a headache if he wanted to kill the one-horned turtle king.

How to do it?

Unconsciously, Qin Feng has sunk to the bottom of the lake.

He looked up at the school of fish above his head, and each one was plump.

These fish groups are all beast-level, not ferocious beasts, and are the source of delicious ingredients.

Looking at the bottom of the lake, the water quality is clear, and there are all kinds of aquatic plants and shellfish.

The ecological environment is very good!

However, Qin Feng is not interested in these.

He is very anxious now.

At this time, he was still in shallow water.

If he wants to find the Frozen Stone and the One-Horned Turtle King, he must go to the deep water area.

Therefore, he had to think of a way to allow himself to breathe underwater.

Only then can he successfully complete the task.

Otherwise, he will encounter many dangers when he enters the deep water area.

Whoo~la~la!

At this moment, there was a sudden commotion in the surrounding fish.

Some burrowed into the water plants in a panic, some fled far away, and the underwater instantly became unstable.

Qin Feng was startled and looked up quickly.

I saw a sharp-billed monster fish with silver scales all over its body and a mouth full of sharp teeth, swimming rapidly towards this side.

The strange fish swallowed and slaughtered those fish while swimming, enjoying his delicious breakfast.

That is a level 13 beast - silver knife pomfret!

It was at this time that the silver knife pomfret also discovered Qin Feng.

what!

A level 11 human!

It found a human!

The silver knife pomfret was immediately excited.

It hasn't eaten a human in a long time!

Swish~!

In the next second, it turned into a silver light, like a sharp arrow lashing under the water, slaughtering towards Qin Feng.

"court death!"

Qin Feng flicked his index finger.