"It seems that this time the opportunity of the Holy Land is much richer than before!"

"Yeah! This deity feels the same way!"

At this moment, all the players were excited.

In the corner, Qin Feng also had bright eyes and a happy face.

The most important thing he needs to do now is to comprehend the Dao.

Unexpectedly, the opportunity to realize the Dao came so soon

Chapter seven hundred and ninety-ninth the two worlds! All nine are occupied!

"Master, the Dao crystal fragments in the first round of chance are exactly what you need!"

At this moment, Yu Xuanji's happy voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "When the opportunity opens, you have to go all out to gain more Dao Jing, which is related to your ranking."

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "Master, we will definitely do our best. By the way, Master, there will be additional rewards for entering the top ten points! You will definitely get that additional reward!"

Feng Xi also said: "Yes! Master! The concubine just observed it secretly, and there are only nine **** kings in the audience. That is to say, your opponents are only those nine people. In this way, if you enter the top ten, it is ironclad. thing."

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

He not only wants to enter the top ten in this safe zone, but also wants to win the first place!

Of those nine God Kings, he secretly spied on, three of them were suspected to be in the middle stage of God Kings, and the remaining six were in the early stages of God Kings.

As for the pinnacle of the God King, it has not been found in this No. 2 safe zone.

However, the absence of No. 2 safe zone does not mean that the other two are safe to go.

In short, Qin Feng's current main opponents are the players in the middle stage of the three **** kings.

His current comprehensive strength is equivalent to the mid-term threshold of the God King.

Compared with those three, there is still some gap!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes turned to a golden-robed old man in the crowd.

The old man had white hair and black beard, a golden robe and a majestic expression.

This is one of the three powerhouses in the middle stage of the God King.

Qin Feng used the power of deduction of the God of Karma to vaguely see that the old man's combat power was between 25 billion and 300 million.

This is much stronger than him!

Then, Qin Feng's eyes fell on a bald old man in the west corner of the square.

The old man was wearing a purple robe, with a majestic figure and a shiny forehead.

He is also one of the middle stage of the three **** kings, and his combat power is suspected to be between 300 million and 35 billion.

Finally, Qin Feng's eyes fell on a man in green robe in the south of the square.

The man had a long sword on his back, and his expression was extremely arrogant.

He is also one of the three middle stage **** kings, and his combat power is suspected to be close to 400 million stars.

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, and the pressure in his heart doubled.

These three guys are very strong!

He wants to win the first place in this round, these three guys are his biggest competitors!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng withdrew his gaze.

At this moment, three incomparably tyrannical consciousness swept towards him directly.

Qin Feng looked up quickly, and saw the man in green robe, the bald old man, and the old man in golden robe looking at him.

It turned out that when he peeked at the three of them just now, they were discovered by them.

At this moment, the three people looked at him one after another!

But in the next second, the three found that Qin Feng was only in the illusory realm, and one by one, they withdrew their consciousness, and they were too lazy to look at Qin Feng.

That disdain is beyond words!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the unmanned area at the front of the square suddenly trembled violently.

Everyone was shocked and looked up!

I saw nine huge white jade monuments, breaking out of the ground and slowly rising...

After a while, the nine divine monuments rose to ten feet!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, next to each **** monument, a white door of light lit up, which seemed to lead to a secret realm...

At the same time, the nine divine monuments also lit up, and a line of golden divine inscriptions appeared on each of them...

Qin Feng hurriedly looked at those divine texts...

I saw the content on the first stele as follows…

[The Secret Realm of the Avenue of Wood, contains Dao Crystal Fragments (wood), players in the False God Realm can enter]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It seems that the entrance to the Gate of Light under the first stele is the gateway to the secret realm of the Avenue of the Woods.

Later, Qin Feng looked at the other eight monuments.

[The secret realm of the Dao of the Underworld, contains the Tao crystal fragments (underworld), players in the False God realm can enter]

[The secret realm of the avenue of life, containing Tao crystal fragments (life), players in the virtual **** realm can enter]

[The Secret Realm of the Burning Avenue, contains Dao Crystal Fragments (burning), players in the False God Realm can enter]

[The Secret Realm of the Avenue of the Moon, contains Dao Crystal Fragments (Moon), players in the False God Realm can enter]

[The Secret Realm of the Avenue of the Sun, contains Dao Crystal Fragments (Japanese), players in the False God Realm can enter]

[The secret realm of the avenue of power, containing Tao crystal fragments (power), players in the virtual **** realm can enter]

[Devouring the secret realm of the avenue, containing Tao crystal fragments (devouring), players in the virtual **** realm can enter]

[The Secret Realm of Space Avenue, contains Dao Crystal Fragments (space), players in the False God Realm can enter]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was enlightened for a while.

The nine secret realms opened this time are the Avenue of Wood, the Avenue of Life, the Avenue of Nether, the Avenue of Burning, the Avenue of Moon, the Avenue of Sun, the Avenue of Strength, the Avenue of Devouring, and the Avenue of Space.

These are all acquired avenues!

It was at this moment that the players also read the information on the tablet and started discussing them one by one.

"It turned out to be these nine avenues! The power is not weak~"! "

"Yeah! The last three avenues are still the top 100 Houtian avenues! It's so rare!"

The crowd was amazed.

Many people looked at the light gates of the last three avenues, and their eyes were fiery.

If they had the opportunity to realize the great avenues of the top 100, they would naturally be willing.

At this moment, someone in the crowd sneered.

"Haha! The first hundred avenues are very strong, but they have to be suitable for you. Do you think those Dao crystal fragments can be refined at will?"

"Yes! Refining Dao crystal fragments requires mastering the corresponding laws first! Hey! It seems that the last three avenues have no chance with this old man!"

"Hey! That's also no match for me!"

Many people are regretting it!

At this moment, the sky shook!

The voice of Tiandao echoed over the square again...

[The nine secret realms of False God realm have been opened, please enter the secret realm for False God realm players]

[Reminder: Each player can only choose one avenue secret realm, please choose carefully]

[Reminder: In five minutes, the entrance to the Nine Secret Realms of the True God Realm will be opened]

As soon as this prompt came out, the figures in the square shook!

Those False God realm players began to walk out of the crowd and walked towards the entrances of the nine secret realms...

I saw that some of those players were excited, some were apprehensive, some were excited, and their expressions were varied.

The tense competitive atmosphere was brewing unknowingly...

"Master, how do we choose?"

At this moment, Feng Xi and the others all looked at Qin Feng.

Everyone is waiting for his arrangement.

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said, "You seven choose a secret realm according to your own law advantages. Don't choose the same secret realm. Only in this way can we get more Dao crystal fragments and points."

"Dad! Then I choose the secret space!"

Di Jiang couldn't wait to make a choice.

This little guy is good at the laws of time and space, and has long been staring at the rhythm of space.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Then you choose the space!"

"Dad! I choose the avenue of wood!"

Jumang also made a choice.

He was originally the pet of the wood system, and the avenue of wood was the most suitable for him.

"Dad! I choose Burning Road!"

Xiao Luan'er also enthusiastically made a choice.

The Burning Avenue is the avenue of fusion of wood and fire.

Xiao Luan'er is very good at fire and wood elements.

She also took a fancy to the avenue at a glance.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

"Master! That concubine chose the Dao of the Underworld!"

"Master! Yue'er chooses the Avenue of the Moon!"

Soon, Feng Xi and the others also made a choice.

Feng Xi chose the avenue of underworld.

Qiyue chose the Avenue of the Moon.

Yu Xuanji chose the Avenue of the Sun.

Qingchengzi chose the avenue of life.

These 'Acquired avenues' are closely related to the laws they are good at.

"let us start!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He was very satisfied with everyone's choice.

"Hmm~!"

Di Jiang was already gearing up for it.

At this time, Yu Xuanji asked curiously: "."Master, there are still the Avenue of Power and the Avenue of Devouring, which one did you choose?"

Feng Xi also said: "These two are the top 100 Acquired Avenues, it would be a pity to give up any of them!"

Qingchengzi said helplessly: "It's a pity that there are only eight of us! Everyone can only choose one kind of secret realm, and they are destined to miss one kind of avenue."