Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I won't miss it! I'll see if I can choose the two avenues at the same time!"

"Choose at the same time?"

People are puzzled.

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, he displayed the body of two ceremonies!

In the next second, he was divided into two parts, the very positive body and the very negative body.

Seeing this scene, everyone's eyes lit up!

right!

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er opened her eyes wide and said, "Dad, is this method really feasible for you?"

Qin Feng smiled: "If you don't try it, how can you know the result? Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the polar yang body and the polar yin body walked towards the entrance of the secret realm ahead.

The crowd followed!

At this moment, the attention of everyone in the field is on the entrance to the secret realm ahead.

No one found that in that corner, Qin Feng displayed the body of two ceremonies.

Who will pay attention to the every move of a False God player?

In this way, Qin Feng walked towards the entrance of the secret realm after casting the **** of two ceremonies.

At the moment, the field is very lively.

More than 2,000 False God players in the audience rushed to enter the nine secret realms.

Jiyang's body walked towards the secret realm of the Avenue of Power...RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Jiyang's body walked towards the secret realm of Devouring Avenue...

While the seven Fengxi people walked towards the secret realm they had chosen, they silently paid attention to Qin Feng's two main bodies.

They are worried, can Qin Feng's plan succeed?

Soon, Ji Yang's body walked to the entrance of the 'Avenue of Power' secret realm, passed directly through the gate of light, and entered the secret realm.

At the moment when the extreme yang body entered, the extreme yin body seemed to sense something, and a happy expression appeared on his face.

The next second, he also stepped out and entered the secret realm of Devouring Avenue.

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi and the others looked at each other with happy smiles on their faces.

Obviously, the master's plan succeeded!

Tiandao regards the master's two main bodies as two players.

In this way, Qin Feng can break through the current rules and have two choices.

That means that Qin Feng's chances will be twice that of others!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi and the others are even more delighted!

Later, they also entered the secret realm...

In a blink of an eye, more than 2,000 False God realm players all entered the secret realm.

In the square, all the contestants murmured.

"Everyone, those cannon fodder in the False God realm have all entered! I wonder how many of these people can pass the first round of assessment?"

"Haha! I don't think it's much! If the old man sees it, if half of them pass the assessment, it's not bad!"

"After all, those in the False God realm are cannon fodder! Even if they pass the first round, they may not pass the next few rounds. They are destined to not go very far!"

"Don't talk about them! In 5 minutes, the secret realm of the real **** realm will also be opened!"

Those players kept muttering, and their tone showed disdain for the False God realm! .

Chapter 800 The advantages are obvious! Crazy harvest!

Just in the square, when the high-level players expressed their disdain, the opportunity of the False God realm had already begun.

At this moment, in the secret territory of the Avenue of Power.

The anode body is suspended in the air, looking around.

I saw towering ancient trees all around, and there were mountains and mountains in the distance, which stretched endlessly, with no end in sight.

"The range of this avenue is not small!"

Ji Yang body muttered in his heart.

As soon as he stepped into the door of light, he was teleported to the sky above this jungle.

Look around, there are no other players, only him!

It can be seen that after stepping into the gate of light, Tiandao randomly sent the players to all corners of the secret realm, and did not let the players gather together at the beginning.

In this way, you can reduce some mutual killings!

This is also a kind of protection for the weak!

Don't think about it anymore, he has to hurry up now to find the guardian beast of the secret realm.

Those Dao crystal fragments are on the guardian beast!

As long as the more guardian beasts he finds, the more Dao crystal fragments he can get.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body instantly emits divine consciousness!

Boom~!

As soon as his divine sense was released, it instantly swept across hundreds of millions of miles!

Within those hundreds of millions of miles, everything was in his eyes, as if it were vivid in his eyes, and even a flying bird could not escape his detection!

At that moment, he spied a dozen players!

Those players are all alone, in different corners.

At this moment, those players are all grimacing and complaining there!

They are complaining that the secret realm is too big and the guardian beasts are too hard to find.

With their divine senses scattered, it was thousands of miles in radius, and they didn't even see the hair of a guardian beast.

As a result, they will spend a lot of time looking for guardian beasts.

But the time given by Heavenly Dao is only five hours!

If they can't find enough Guardian 920 Beasts and 3 Dao Crystal Fragments within five hours, they will face elimination.

Thinking of this, those players are a little anxious!

In other words, this opportunity not only assesses combat power, but also assesses the strength of divine consciousness!

The stronger the consciousness, the easier it is to find guardian beasts, and the easier it is to get points!

The strength of divine consciousness is closely related to the strength of the soul body!

Qin Feng's soul body reaches 77.3% of the middle stage of the God King, and his spiritual consciousness is strong, and in the entire No. 2 security zone, I am afraid it is also one of the best.

The rules of this chance are too suitable for him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a knowing smile.

Afterwards, the white light flashed on his body, and it was divided into one hundred, and a hundred fission bodies were created.

The combat power of each statue has reached more than 5 billion stars.

That is the strength of a quasi-god king!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the more than one hundred polar yang fission bodies teleported away in a hundred or so directions.

It turned out that at that moment, Ji Yang's body not only found more than a dozen players, but also found more than a hundred secret guardian beasts.

Those players in the False God realm can't compare to him at all.

For a False God realm player, it would take half an hour to find a guardian beast.

The anode body can find hundreds of them in one second, this is the gap!

I saw a flash of white light in the field, and hundreds of fission bodies disappeared instantly.

At the same moment, a similar thing happened in the secret area of ​​Devouring Avenue.

At this moment, the extremely yin body hovered over a pool with smiles on his face.

He also found hundreds of secret realm guardian beasts in an instant.

However, instead of hunting the guardian beast immediately, he looked at the pool below.

I saw the water in the pool, pitch black as ink, aura cold, its surface exuding cold air, making the surrounding temperature drop a lot, it is extraordinary at first glance...

[Youquan Cold Pond: Secret Blessed Land, its water contains 'Ghost Water', one drop can be extracted from every 10,000 cubic meters]

[Ghost Water: Wonders of Heaven and Earth, the pinnacle of high-grade gods]

[Reminder: This item can nourish the soul body and strengthen the soul body]

Seeing this, the very negative body smiled.

This 'ghost water' is very useful to him!

Because the stronger his soul body is, the stronger his consciousness will be, and his progress in comprehending the avenue of souls will be accelerated!

And such a big cold pool should be able to extract dozens of drops!

It seems that in this secret realm, not only can you obtain Dao crystal fragments, but also hide a lot of resources.

He was lucky this time, and he found this blessed land as soon as he sent it over.

If other players face this huge cold pool, I am afraid they will be helpless.

This cold pool is as deep as a thousand feet, and it is not so easy to take away.

But for the very negative body, this is not a problem at all.

Of course, he didn't plan to take it away either!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the moment, when the very yin body's thoughts moved, it turned into more than one hundred fission bodies, and rushed in more than one hundred directions, only one fission body remained in place.

Those more than a hundred fission variants went to hunt and kill the guardian beasts.

Afterwards, the fission body left behind fell directly over the pool and pressed one hand on the water.

Om~!

The next second, his palm lit up with a dazzling white light

【Endless extraction success! You extracted a drop of 'ghost water' from the secluded spring and cold pool]

The palm of the fission body turned over, and there was a drop of dark water in the palm of the palm.

A drop of 'Ghost Water' is just like this, and the efficiency is astonishingly fast!

He suddenly showed a satisfied smile!

Looking at the color of the cold pool water, it seems to have become lighter.

At the moment, he put away the drop of 'ghost water' and continued to perform endless extraction

At the same time, in several other secret territories, something is also happening.

Inside the Secret Realm of the Avenue of the Woods.

Jumang scattered his consciousness and was searching for his prey.

This little guy's combat power has reached 230 million stars, comparable to the primary level of the main god.

The strength of his consciousness has also reached the primary level of the main god.

"Hey! Found it!"

Soon, the little guy's eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise.