Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He found two targets at once.

One target is in the eastern col, where there is a guardian beast.

There is another one in the bushes to the north, where there is another cyan spiritual fruit, exuding eleven rays of brilliance.

That should be a mid-grade god-level spiritual fruit!

At the moment, Jumang used the supernatural power of 'incarnation three thousand', which was divided into two parts.

Afterwards, one of his incarnations went to kill the guardian beast, and the other went to pick the spiritual fruit.

At the same time, in the secret territory of the Avenue of the Moon.

Qiyue is also spreading out her consciousness, searching for the target.

Before long, a look of joy appeared on her face.

She found that seven thousand miles away, beside a mountain stream, a guardian beast was resting.

Immediately, she rushed towards the guardian beast

Among Qin Feng's messengers, Qiyue was paid in advance by strength, which was comparable to Qingchengzi's strength.

Even she can find the target within a minute, so Di Jiang and Feng Xi are naturally not bad.

At this moment, Di Jiang and several people have indeed discovered something in their own secret territory.

Some found resources, some found spiritual fruit, and some found guardian beasts

Especially Dijiang and Jumang found the most targets.

In this way, as soon as everyone in Longyuan entered the secret realm, they started the harvest mode.

Compared with everyone in Long Yuan, those players in the False God realm are all wandering in the secret realm, struggling to find their targets.

In the blink of an eye, a minute passed.

At this moment, in the secret territory of the Avenue of Power.

Over a hidden valley, white light flashed, and a stalwart young man appeared.

This is one of Qin Feng's polar anode fission variants.

As soon as the fission body appeared, it looked down.

In the valley, I saw a monster with a length of 100 feet, a whole body of green skin, a golden one-horned head, and a rhinoceros-like monster. It was lying there resting with its eyes closed.

[Evil Object]: Mad Power Demon Rhino

[Boundary]: True God Limit

[Explosion Rate]: After killing, there is a 4% chance to get Dao Crystal Fragments (Power)

[Characteristics]: The guardian beast of the secret realm, mastering the rhythm of power

[Reminder]: The guardian beasts in the virtual mysterious realm range from the initial stage of the true **** to the limit of the true god. The higher the realm of the guardian beast, the higher the explosion rate.

Seeing this, the fission body showed a hint of surprise.

He did not expect that the weakest guardian beasts in the Void Mystery Realm were the early stages of True God.

In this way, those players in the False God realm are in danger!

If they think about it, it will be very difficult unless several people join forces.

Otherwise, even if they found the guardian beast, they would not have the strength to kill it!

Knew it!

In this Holy Land chance, Dao Crystal fragments appeared at the beginning, but the difficulty was greatly increased.

Of course, such difficulty has no effect on Qin Feng, nor on his subordinates.

With this in mind, the fission body will start!

It was at this moment that the mad rhino finally sensed the arrival of the fission body!

It suddenly opened its eyes, looked up into the air, and saw the fission body at a glance.

The mad power magic rhino was surprised at first!

The appearance of this human being, it did not notice at first!

But when it saw that the fission variant was just a False God realm, its eyes suddenly showed disdain and anger!

A human in the False God realm dares to disturb it's rest, it's really courting death!

Moo~!

A shocking roar!

The mad power magic rhino suddenly erupted!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, it turned into a gigantic, towering sky!

That true god's ultimate combat power and momentum burst out, covering the sky and the earth, and it was astonishing!

The next second, the mad power magic rhino slaughtered the fission body!

Its cold eyes are full of arrogance and hideousness.

It wants to slaughter this ignorant human being to scum!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, it was slaughtered to the front!

At this moment, the fission body shot!

Boom~!

He punched out directly and hit the Demon Rhino instantly!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Before the magic rhino could react, it was bombarded with a punch, and the body exploded in an instant, turning into a fog of blood.

Terrible roar!

Echoes in the valley!

Then, those blood mists turned into little stars and began to dissipate everywhere!

A dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of the fission body

[You successfully killed the mad power magic rhinoceros (True God Realm), and obtained +3 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the mad power magic rhinoceros (True God Realm) and obtained +20 points of golden judgment]

[You successfully killed the mad power magic rhinoceros (True God Realm), and a Dao crystal fragment (force) exploded]

The fission body's eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

Another Golden Judgment!

His vocation has another chance to upgrade!

This is also a rare opportunity!

Even better, the first guardian beast he killed exploded a Dao crystal fragment.

Good luck this time!

Chapter 801 Against the weather! The harvest is complete!

The fission body is very satisfied with the harvest in front of it!

After all, the explosion rate of this mad rhinoceros is only 4%!

This is the explosion rate set by Tiandao, and the player's luck value has little effect on this explosion rate.

Only when the luck value is more than 2 times, can it affect its ~explosive rate.

And Qin Feng's luck value is too strong, which has reached 116-0 times.

He used the karma tablet to calculate, and for him, this explosion rate has at least increased by more than 5 times.

This is his advantage!

In other words, this long-term opportunity is not only a test of combat power and spiritual awareness, but also related to luck.

Qin Feng is the master of high-level destiny, and his luck is against the sky!

In the current Holy Land, I am afraid that no player's luck value can reach one-tenth of his.

Thinking of this, the heart of the fission body is very happy!

At this moment, the blood mist in front dissipated, revealing a white crystal, exuding an amazing Dao rhythm...

As soon as the fission body waved its hand, it sucked the crystal into its hand...

[Dao Crystal Fragment (Power): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhythm of Strength]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of S-level power before refining it]

The law of S-rank power!

The fission body frowned slightly.

His power law is still A-level, and it cannot be refined for the time being.

However, he was in no hurry.

This condition, sooner or later, he will be able to achieve.

With this in mind, the fission body will put away the Dao crystal fragments...

Suddenly, he sensed something, looked up in surprise and looked into the distance...

It turned out that he sensed that another fission body killed a guardian beast and exploded a Dao crystal fragment...

In fact, in just a short while, the fission variants of Jiyang's body have hunted and killed thirteen guardian beasts in total, and harvested a large amount of golden judgment value...

If this goes on, his vocation will soon be upgraded!

This makes the fission body feel comfortable!

Then, he put away the Dao crystal fragment in his hand and rushed in the other direction...

Just in that direction, he found a low-grade god-level spiritual fruit, and he had to rush over to pick it...Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

In this way, in the secret territory of the Avenue of Power, the polar sun fission variants are frantically harvesting various resources...

At the same time, swallow the secret territory of the avenue.

On the water surface of the secluded spring and cold pool, the extremely yin fission variant has been extracting ghost water.

For every extraction, he can get a drop of ghost water.

At the same time, in his sea of ​​​​knowledge, there are still reminders of heaven...

That is the news that the rest of the extreme Yin fission variants are hunting guardian beasts...

This allowed him to harvest waves of golden trial values.

In other words, Qin Feng's two main bodies are harvesting the golden judgment value in the two secret territories at the same time...

This is of great help to Qin Feng's vocation promotion!

Time flies!

2 minutes passed in a blink of an eye!

There has been a huge change in the secluded spring and cold pool.

The water, which was originally pitch black as ink, has become transparent and clear, and there is no longer any cold air.

The ghost water contained in it has been completely extracted!

"Hoo~! It's finally finished!"

Above the water, the extreme Yin fission variant breathed a sigh of relief, feeling quite comfortable in his heart.