Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This time, he actually extracted 17 drops of ghost water.

If all of them are refined, it will be of great help to improve his soul power!

Thinking of this, the fission body beckoned, and 17 drops of pitch-black divine liquid appeared in front of him, which was the ghost water.

The next second, with a thought in his mind, he sent those ghostly soul waters into the chaotic space, allowing the mind body to refine.

After doing this, the fission body raised its head slightly and looked into the distance.

It is time for him to look for the guardian beast and harvest the Dao crystal fragments.

That can be related to his points ranking and his perception of Dao Dao.

This is a great opportunity for enlightenment!

He must race against time!

With that in mind, he will act...

Om~!

But at this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on him...

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 69 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

The vocation has finally been upgraded!

The fission body's eyes lit up!

Surprise!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It is detected that you are in the secret territory of this layer, and the collected Dao crystal fragments (devoured) have reached 20, which has reached the collection limit! 】

[If you hunt down the guardian beasts of the secret realm again, you will not be able to explode the Dao crystal fragments. It is recommended that players go to the secret realm of the true **** realm, and they can continue to obtain Dao crystal fragments]

[Players please prepare, you will be forcibly teleported out of the secret realm of this layer after 10 seconds. 】

【Countdown: 10…】

The fission body was slightly stunned!

It turned out that in these three or four minutes, the Zhongji Yin Fission variant harvested 20 Dao crystal fragments, as well as a large amount of god-level resources.

This made Qin Feng earn a lot of money!

But what he didn't expect was that Heavenly Dao had a limit on the number of 'Dao Crystal Fragments' harvested.

In less than 4 minutes, the number of polar fission variants reached the upper limit, and he was forcibly sent out.

This is forcing him to go to the Secret Realm of the True God Realm and compete with those True God Realm players!

It seems that Tiandao's giving of chance resources is also limited by realm, and it is biased towards those players with better qualifications.

For example, for players who can fight across the ranks, this rule is very beneficial, and they can traverse multiple realms and secret realms to harvest resources.

If a player who does not have the ability to leapfrog will get at most 20 Dao Crystals on this floor, that is their upper limit!

Figured this out, the fission body smiled, a little unfinished.

Before he could exert his strength, he reached the upper limit.

In the next second, his mind moved, white light flashed around, and more than a hundred fission bodies were summoned.

Subsequently, the fission bodies merged into one, and the extreme yin itself manifested itself.

After doing this, he waited quietly for the transmission of the Heavenly Dao...

At the same time, the secret world!

In that square, the atmosphere was very lively.

The players chatted while waiting for the secret realm of True God Realm to open.

huh~!

At this moment, next to the Light Gate of the Secret Realm of Wood, a white light flashed, and a black-haired old man appeared out of thin air!

The expression of the black-haired old man was extremely panic, as if he had experienced something terrifying before!

As soon as he appeared, he quickly looked around.

When he found out that he was outside the secret realm, he breathed a sigh of relief.

But at this moment, there was a roar of laughter from the square!

"Yo~! Look! Another one came out!"

"Haha! This is the seventeenth! These False God realm players are so weak!"

"Yeah! It's only been 4 minutes or so, and 17 people have died! Isn't this because the guardian beast just met the guardian beast and was instantly killed by the guardian beast?"

"Haha! That's what I see!"

Hearing these taunts, the black-haired old man's face turned red.

He turned his head and looked at the mockers timidly, not daring to say more.

Those players who ridiculed him were all powers above the true **** realm!

How dare he offend?

Besides, he was indeed killed by a guardian beast!

The white light just now was the way of heaven who resurrected him outside the secret realm.

At this time, there was another burst of ridicule from the crowd.

"I remember that if I die once, one point will be deducted. Is this guy a negative score now?"

"Indeed! It seems that this guy is destined to be eliminated!"

Those true **** realm masters are gloating in their voices, and they don't care about the old man's face at all.

In this world where strength is respected, the strong do not care about the face of the weak at all, but take it for granted.

The black-haired old man was even more embarrassed.

However, he was reminded by the ridicule of everyone!

yes!

If he dies once, one point will be deducted.

no!

He had to hurry back to the secret realm to hunt down the guardian beasts.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

It's just that those guardian beasts are too strong, and the weakest is the initial stage of the true god!

He is not an opponent!

correct!

He can go to the secret territory, find other players to form a team, and deal with those guardian beasts together.

After all, with five hours of hunting time, he still has a ray of hope to pass the test!

What's more, there are various resources in the secret.

Even if you can't clear the customs, it is not bad to collect some resources in the secret territory.

With this in mind, the old man got into the secret gate of light again and disappeared!

When the onlookers saw this, they all sneered and shook their heads.

In their view, the old man was struggling to the death.

Only 4 minutes after entering the secret realm, he was eliminated.

Even if the old man is given 5 hours, the probability that he wants to clear the first round of chances is extremely low.

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the mutation in the field regenerated.

I saw a flash of white light at the entrance of the secret realm of 'Devouring Avenue', and a handsome young man with black hair and black eyes appeared out of thin air!

The person who comes out is the very yin body!

His harvest reached the upper limit and was forcibly teleported by Heavenly Dao.

At this appearance, the corners of the extremely yin body were slightly upturned, revealing a smile.

He is very satisfied with this harvest!

But at this moment, there was a schadenfreude sarcasm from the square...

"Yo~! Another one died!"

"The eighteenth!"

The very yin body was slightly stunned!

Is he dead?

After a little thought, the very negative body understood what was going on.

It turned out that these guys misunderstood that he was killed by a guardian beast, and then resurrected by Tiandao at the entrance of the secret realm.

Thinking of this, the very yin body smiled indifferently, and didn't bother to pay attention to these self-righteous guys.

But when he laughed, there were some sneers from the crowd.

"Look! That kid is smiling and seems to be in a good mood!"

"This guy can't have a bad brain, right? He was eliminated like this, and he was still in the mood to laugh!"

Many people are shaking their heads secretly, thinking that the behavior of the extreme yin body is a bit strange.

Don't wait for everyone to think about it, the mutation in the field regenerates!

huh~!

I saw the entrance to the secret realm of the Avenue of Power, and a white light lit up.

In the next second, a handsome and noble white-haired young man appeared out of thin air!

The anode body also came out!

His harvest also reached the upper limit and was forcibly teleported by Heavenly Dao.

Seeing the polar yang itself, the polar yin body showed a satisfied smile again.

In less than five minutes, the trips to the False God Realm of the two main bodies were all completed, and 20 Dao Crystal fragments were obtained.

"Yoha~! Another one died so soon! The nineteenth!"

"Hey! This white-haired young man looks exactly the same as that black-haired young man!"

"They should be brothers!"

"Haha! Not only do these two brothers look alike, but they are also equally weak, and they were eliminated at the same time!"

After seeing Jiyang's main body, many people mocked him unceremoniously.

They didn't care about the faces of the two main bodies at all!

Especially those players in the True God Realm seem to be happy to ridicule the False God Realm, showing that they are extraordinary.

In this regard, the two main bodies sneered.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the ground in the field shook violently, and nine more divine monuments began to break out of the ground!

The Secret Realm of the True God Realm is about to open!

The eyes of the two main bodies lit up, revealing a touch of joy.

They came out just in time.

Chapter 802 Advanced Supreme! New vocation skills!

"It's turned on! It's finally turned on!"

At this moment, there was a sensation in the square!