Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It is only one realm away from the Supreme Judgment of Nahongmeng.

What makes Qin Feng even more excited is that just one vocation advancement has increased his four-dimensional attributes by 2 billion points, which is equivalent to a skyrocketing 40,000-star combat power!

What's even better is that his vocation skill "Sacrificial Faith" has been completed, and he can obtain all the combat power of the messengers.

In this way, Di Jiang, Feng Xi and others have helped him even more.

Also, the power of the gate of reincarnation has also increased by 3.3 liters!

Moreover, he also awakened a new vocation skill - Faith Sharing!

This is the sharing of perceptions used by non-messengers, or the sharing of perceptions on the Dao!

Qin Feng instantly thought of Qingchengzi!

In other words, as long as Qingchengzi realizes a great way.

Through the sharing of beliefs, he can get all the insights from Qingchengzi, and thus realize the same kind of avenue!

This vocation skill!

It's so useful!

The only regret is that he can only cast Qingchengzi once.

However, he has many subordinates, including several outstanding ones, such as Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, Granny Yusang, etc.

When they grow up in the future, maybe they can help him understand the great way!

If Qin Feng wants to be promoted to Heavenly Dao, all three thousand Daos must be completed.

Relying on his own strength, the energy expended will be much more.

If there are subordinates to share a little bit, that's a good thing!

With this thought, the fission body is in a good mood!

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, the complexion of the fission body changed slightly, and suddenly raised his head, looking forward...

At this moment, there was a sound of breaking air in the distance!

It was a True God Realm player who was rushing to the location of the guardian beast he found, and he was about to arrive...

At the moment, the figure of the fission body flashed and rushed in that direction...

Chapter 803 Killing with a flick of a finger! Soaring strength!

In just a few seconds, the fission body arrived at the location, one step ahead of the True God Realm player!

As soon as he arrived, he saw a giant beast breathing out the spiritual energy of heaven and earth.

The giant beast was thousands of zhang long, with white skin all over its body, shiny like jade.

Two more blood-colored fangs grew in its mouth, resembling a giant elephant, but a third demon eye was born between the eyebrows...

[Evil Object]: Three-eyed Golem

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the Lord God

[Explosion Rate]: After killing, there is a 6% chance of exploding Dao Crystal Shards (Power)

[Characteristics]: The guardian beast of the secret realm, mastering the rhythm of power

This is a guardian beast in the early days of the main god!

The fission body sneered and was about to shoot!

roar~!

At this moment, the three-eyed golem also opened its eyes and looked at the fission body in shock and anger!

This **** human!

How dare you come to disturb its cleaning!

Swish~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in the field, and another figure appeared out of thin air!

The visitor was a curly-haired man with a dark complexion and a fleshy face. His realm aura had reached the pinnacle of True God.

He is the player that the fission body sensed before!

"Finally found a guardian beast!"

As soon as the man saw the three-eyed golem, he exclaimed in surprise.

Then, he looked at the fission body!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Boy! It's you!"

The curly-haired man recognized the fission body at a glance, a little surprised.

Then, he sneered: "Boy! If you don't want to die, get out!"

roar~!

The words just fell, and a shocking roar came from below!

The three-eyed demon suddenly rose up, turned into a body of ten thousand feet, and stood upright!

The momentum of the initial stage of the Lord God broke out, and instantly enveloped the audience! 19

"Hey~! It's the initial stage of the Lord God!"

Men are horrified!

He never thought that the three-eyed golem was actually the initial stage of the main god.

With the strength of his true **** realm, facing the initial stage of the main god, he can only be killed in seconds!

roar~!

But before he could think about it, the three-eyed golem was slaughtered!

The man was so frightened that his face was pale!

But at this moment, a light and shadow flashed in front of him, and a giant fist that reached the sky directly blasted the golem!

Blood splattered in the sky!

Shot the man in the face!

The man turned his head abruptly, only to discover to his astonishment that it was the fission body.

He was dumbfounded!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the fission body snapped a finger and blasted him into a **** fog!

[Reminder: You killed the player 'Zhou Sheng' and got +1 sin value]

[Reminder: Accumulate 10 sin points, you will be deducted 1 point]

[Reminder: Player 'Ze Sheng' died and 1 point has been deducted]

"Hey! It turns out that killing these players is worth the sin!"

The fission is a little surprising.

Afterwards, he wanted to understand that this was also a protection of Heaven for the weak.

At this moment, another white light poured into his body...

[You successfully killed the Three-Eyed Golem (the initial stage of the main god) and obtained +30 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the Three-Eyed Golem (the initial stage of the main god) and obtained +170 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the three-eyed golem (the initial stage of the main god), and a Dao crystal fragment (power) exploded]

[Reminder: It is detected that you have collected 40 Dao crystal fragments (power) in the secret territory of this layer, which has reached the collection limit! 】

[If you hunt down the guardian beasts of the secret realm again, you will not be able to explode the Dao crystal fragments. It is recommended that players go to the main **** realm secret realm to continue to obtain Dao crystal fragments]

[Players please prepare, you will be forcibly teleported out of the secret realm of this layer after 10 seconds. 】

【Countdown: 10…9…】

The fission body smiled!

So soon it's the limit again!

In this way, his accumulated Dao crystal fragments (force) reached 60 pieces, which is 60 points.

Next, he should go to the main **** realm area!

Thinking of this, white light flashed around him, and more than a hundred fission bodies were instantly recalled.

Then the fission variants merged into one, and the polar yang itself manifested itself...

It was at this moment that a reminder came from within his sea of ​​consciousness again...

[You succeeded in refining 'Ghost Water'! Your soul strength is increased by +29%, and your combat power is increased by +30,000 stars]

[You succeeded in refining 'Ghost Water'! Your soul body strength is increased by +31%, and the combat power is increased by +3.1 million stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the spirit power and combat momentum of Ji Yang's body are soaring all the way!

He was amazed!

It turned out that the 17 drops of ghost water that were obtained before were all refined by the mind body!

After a while, all the movement disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After a while, he was first promoted to his vocation, and then he refined the ghost water.

This made his combat power and soul power soar!

correct!

I don't know what his strength is now.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body opened the panel...

[Level]: Level 81

[Holy Duty]: Level 70 (Advanced Judgment Supreme)

[Luck]: 1160 times (advanced master of destiny)

[Combat Strength]: 14.44 billion

[Soul Body]: 83.16% in the middle stage of the God King

The combat power reached 14.44 billion stars!

The soul body also reached 83.16% in the middle stage of the God King!

This has greatly improved his overall strength!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

huh~!

Just then, the time has come!

The anode turned into a white light and was sent out.

In the next second, he appeared at the entrance to the secret realm of the Avenue of Power (True God Area).

As soon as he appeared, he saw Zong Sheng, the curly-haired man who was killed by his finger.

At this moment, Zong Sheng suddenly saw him, his face was pale with fright, his eyes were full of fear, and a trace of anger!

However, Ji Yang's body can instantly kill the three-eyed golem with one punch, and kill him with another finger flick, which is extremely terrifying!

This made him dare to be angry and dare not speak!

Having said that, if he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed that the boy in front of him, who was in the False God Realm, was infinitely close to the Quasi-God King.

Thinking of this, Zong Sheng swallowed his saliva and looked at Ji Yang's body, becoming more awe-inspiring and uneasy.