Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

huh~!

A gust of energy shot out from his fingertips, and a white line was drawn out from the bottom of the water.

puff~!

A soft sound!

The strength penetrated the monster's head.

Blood flowers floated out from the bottom of the water.

The strange fish staggered, and the fish's belly turned white and died tragically on the spot.

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 silver knife pomfret and obtained +680 energy points. 】

Qin Feng hurried forward and extracted the fish carcass.

He was really not good at swimming, and after tossing around the bottom of the water for a while, he came to the fish corpse.

In this state, how can he fight underwater?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little depressed.

At this moment, the brothers in the whole village are working hard, and many people are full of expectations for him.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He can't hold back on this matter!

Om~!

A burst of white light came on.

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the F-rank talent - Water Elemental Sensing. 】

not bad!

Got a new talent.

Qin Feng was slightly relieved.

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: You already feel that the C-level ice element talent—the true meaning of ice. Ice and water are of the same origin, your water talent is being strengthened independently...]

[Reminder: congratulations on the enhancement of your water talent and promotion to D-level—the control of water! 】

[Reminder: congratulations on your water talent being strengthened again and promoted to C rank—the true meaning of water! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's talent in the water element has been continuously improved because of the same origin of ice and water.

In just a moment, his water talent was upgraded to C rank, reaching the true meaning of water.

Boom~!

In the next second, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised to find that he could control the water flow at will.

Even better, his skin is like fish gills, which can draw oxygen from the water.

Ha ha!

In this way, he does not have to hold his breath underwater, and can breathe freely under the water with his skin.

Then he could stay underwater as long as he wanted.

This is the magic of controlling the 'True Meaning of Water'!

Cool!

So cool!

This talent came just in time!

Of course, fortunately, he had mastered the true meaning of ice before, so that he could quickly upgrade to the true meaning of water through the homology of ice and water.

Swish~!

At this time, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, like a flexible swimming fish, lasing away into the depths of the lake

With the help of the 'True Meaning of Water' talent, his underwater movement speed is even faster than that of the silver knife pomfret.

This was also completely resolved, and his worries about fighting at the bottom of the lake made him feel good.

In this way, after Qin Feng grasped the true meaning of water, he went straight to the deepest part of the lake.

It's the village upgrade competition now, and he doesn't want to waste a minute or a second.

After a quarter of an hour, he dived to a depth of 200 meters.

Along the way, he killed more than a dozen fish monsters, but he didn't see any beasts like turtles.

However, the deeper he dived into the center of the lake, the more he found that the lake became colder.

He guessed in his heart that where there are ice stones, the lake must be colder.

The Froststone comes with the word 'cold', which must be related to 'cold'.

At the moment, the water there was colder, and he dived towards it.

After ten minutes, he finally found out.

Somewhere on the bottom of the lake, he saw a giant black tortoise sitting on a white stone the size of a millstone.

The black giant tortoise was five feet long, and its shape was like a small house, giving people a strong sense of oppression.

On its back shell, there are also some swirling red patterns, which are like runes and are naturally formed.

[Ferocious Beast]: General Tortoise (mutant level)

[Level]: Level 14

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 29 stars

[Characteristics]: Violent, fond of cold, guardian.

[Talent]: Madness of physique (D-level), manipulation of ice (water) (D-level)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 14%

what!

It was actually a level 14 mutant beast - General Tortoise!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Now that General Turtle has been discovered, the King of the One-Horned Turtle should be nearby.

Having said that, there are more than thirty giant tortoises surrounding the General Tortoise.

Each of them has a body size of three feet, which is a circle smaller than General Turtle, but the momentum is very fierce.

Those are the level 14 beasts - the iron-backed tortoise, with a combat power of only about 20 stars.

Obviously, they all obey the command of General Turtle.

Of course, Qin Feng didn't take those tortoises in his eyes.

His eyes wandered, and finally landed on the white stone where General Turtle was entrenched.

[Ice Stone: A Tier 1 resource, produced in the depths of the Qiushui Lake, has a calming effect, and is an essential material for upgrading a Tier 2 wooden house. 】

Ha ha!

Frozen Stone!

That's actually an ice stone!

He finally found it!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

As long as he gets this Frost Stone, his novice cabin can be upgraded to level 2 immediately.

The third condition for Longyuan Village to be upgraded to a level 1 village can also be fulfilled.

Even better, he can also get 100 attribute bonuses.

Whoops~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng went straight to kill General Xuangui.

Suddenly, the water at the bottom of the lake surged.

The turtles were startled

Chapter 100 The wooden house is upgraded, and the strength has skyrocketed!

All the tortoises looked at them one after another, and saw a human being killing their general tortoise.

The Turtle General was stunned for a moment.

Immediately, contempt appeared in its eyes.

Ha ha!

A human who is only level 11, to dare to offend it is simply courting death.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

General Tortoise made a strange cry and gave orders to the group of turtles.

It doesn't even bother to do it by hand.

Suddenly, the turtles led the order to besiege Qin Feng.

"court death!"

Qin Feng shot with a long knife.

Now, his strength has soared, and the blade Qi of each knife is more than ten feet long.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the knife gas cut through the bottom of the lake!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

The blood flower keeps rolling!

Every time the knife went down, seven or eight giant tortoises were split in half.

You know, the iron-backed spinner is good at defense.

But under Qin Feng's attack, they were easily cut in half like paper...

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

...

For a time, a lot of energy was harvested by Qin Feng.

In just a few seconds, he beheaded more than 30 giant tortoises and gained more than 20,000 energy points.

General Tortoise was dumbfounded.

The next second, it turned around and fled in a certain direction.

Swish~!

Kacha~!

The blood is flying!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split it in half.

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Turtle General (mutation level), and obtained +2800 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Turtle General (mutation level) and gained +3 reputation. 】

Cool!