Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Jumang's eyes lit up: "Dad, what do you mean, I also have a chance to enter the top 100?"

Ji Yin Ontology smiled and said, "Of course! This round of chance assessment is most beneficial to players like us who can fight beyond the ranks."

"You can get a full score in the False God area within 20 minutes. In the True God territory, you can get 40 points in at most one hour, and when the two phases are superimposed, you can get 60 points."

"Then, if you go to the main **** zone for a turn, you can still get some points, absolutely crushing the vast majority of the main **** realm players."

Jumang's eyes lit up: "Yes! Those who are in the main **** realm can get a maximum of 60 points in the main **** area. If they go to the king level area, I am afraid that they are not the opponents of those guardian beasts. It will be difficult to score points!"

"However, there are still more than a hundred quasi-god kings! The boy may not be worse than them!"

Jiyin's body smiled: "The guardian beasts in the king-level secret realm are stronger. You think that all those quasi-god kings have been killed, and half of them can get more than 60 points, that's not bad."

"If my expectations are not bad, as long as you get more than 70 points, you will have a chance to enter the top 100 and get extra rewards!"

Jumang was overjoyed: "Dad, I got it! I'm going to the True God Area!"

huh~!

Only after these words fell, the False God area, the exit of the secret realm of space, lit up again with a white light.

Immediately afterwards, Di Jiang also came out with a look of joy.

"dad!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he happily ran to the extreme yin body.

This guy is more coquettish than Jumang, and sticks more to Qin Feng.

In just a moment, the little guy came to Qin Feng's side.

The very yin body fondly touched his little head.

"Little Emperor, did you get full marks in the False God area?"

"Um!"

Di Jiang proudly raised his chubby little face.

The very yin body smiled: "Go! Get the full amount of points in the True God area!"

Jumang also said excitedly: "Brother, let's hurry up and earn points! Dad said that the two of us have a chance to enter the top 100!"

Di Jiang was overjoyed: "Really?"

The very yin body smiled: "Of course it's true! Time is running out, you two go quickly!"

"Good!"

Di Jiang happily agreed.

This little guy knows a lot of things, and some are ignorant.

But I have great confidence in my father's words.

At the moment, the two guys didn't think much about it, and each walked towards the secret realm of wood and the secret realm of space in the True God area.

Looking at the backs of the two little guys leaving, Jiyin's face showed anticipation.

If these two guys can also break into the top 100, how many people's jaws will be shocked?

After the two guys entered the secret realm, the extreme yin body stopped wasting time and accelerated towards the lower-grade special secret realm...

In just a moment, he arrived at the entrance to the secret realm!

correct!

He has another important thing that he almost forgot!

The very yin body quickly waved his hand, and a pile of black Dao crystal fragments appeared in front of him, there were a hundred of them.

Those are the devoured Dao crystal fragments!

Om~!

In the next second, the hundred Dao crystal fragments will gather together actively, merge into one, and turn into a black crystal the size of an egg!

[Taiqing Daojing (Devouring): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of Devouring Dao]

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level Extreme Yin Law before refining it]

Seeing this scene, the extreme yin body laughed.

Knew it!

One Dao Crystal fragment can condense a complete Dao Crystal.

Even more coincidentally, he can refine this Taiqing Daojing.

According to Tiandao's prompt, after turning on the scoring mode, you can freely refine Dao crystal fragments.

With this in mind, the very yin body sent the Taiqing Dao crystal into the chaotic space, allowing the mind body to refine it.

After doing this, he got into the special secret realm of the lower grade.

Chapter 807 Cover up the secret! Break the rules!

As the white light spun for a while, the extreme yin body passed through the light gate and entered the secret realm.

Tiandao's reminder also came...

[Holy Land Reminder: Players are welcome to enter the low-level special secret realm. There are fifty special guardian beasts and a god-king-level demon **** hidden in this secret realm. 】

[Holy Land Reminder: Players stay in the special secret territory for no more than 30 minutes]

[Time starts now: 0…]

The very negative body was stunned!

There is a time limit!

Then he has to quickly sweep the secret realm, so as not to lack time and waste the opportunity.

According to Qin Feng's thoughts, he naturally wants to kill all the guardian beasts in this secret layer.

Boom~!

In just a split second, the extreme yin body dissipated his consciousness, covering a radius of hundreds of millions of miles!

This time, his Divine Consciousness coverage was 10% more than before he entered the Holy Land.

That was because he had refined 48 drops of ghost water in total, and the strength of his soul power had soared!

"What a big secret!"

In the next second, the very yin body sighed in his heart!

The range of this secret realm, at first glance, is at least ten times larger than that of the main **** zone.

As a result, it added a lot of trouble for him to find a target.

This will greatly reduce the efficiency of his killing monsters!

But in the next second, a look of joy appeared in his eyes!

In just a moment, he found four targets!

Three guardian beasts, one spirit!

That spirit thing exudes sixteen rays of brilliance, representing a top-quality god-level spirit!

He didn't find the treasures of the highest grade gods in the main **** area, but he found them here all at once.

This special secret territory is indeed rich in resources!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the polar cathode body is divided into two, and the two are divided into four, becoming four extreme cathode fission variants.

The combat power of each fission variant has reached 12 billion stars!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Then, the light and shadow flashed!

The four fission variants rushed in the direction of the four targets!

Time is extremely precious!

All time must be seized!

It didn't take long for one of the fission variants to reach the sky above a huge lake!

Looking around, the lake is rippling with blue waves, with a radius of thousands of miles!

The fission body looked directly at a lake island ahead.

It was a luxuriant island with a radius of hundreds of miles, and there were some humans dressed in strange clothes on it.

Fission target. Right on that island!

huh~!

At the moment, the fission body's thoughts moved, and there was an extra long knife in his hand, which was the sun-chasing knife at the peak of the high-grade **** rank!

The sword is now!

Killing intent suddenly! Fill the world!

roar~!

The monsters in the giant island in front of them seemed to have a feeling and let out a shocking roar!

In the next second, the entire island trembled violently, exuding a heaven-shattering aura, suddenly reaching 6 billion stars, extremely terrifying!

The combat power of the guardian beasts on the island has reached the level of a quasi-god king!

Swish~!

Heavenly Sword Light! Suddenly light up!

The fission body slashed directly to the giant island!

The attack power of that knife suddenly exceeded 14 billion stars, and the momentum was shocking!

Swish~!

The sword light with a length of ten thousand meters suddenly fell!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The knife light split the Qianli Lake and also split the giant island!

roar~!

A terrifying roar came from under the giant island!

In the next second, countless blood water poured out from the bottom of the lake, dyeing the waters thousands of miles red!

Immediately afterwards, the giant island slowly floated up, and finally turned all fours into the sky, and all the illusions on its surface disappeared, revealing the corpse of the beast that had been split in half!

It was actually a monster with coral-shaped dragon horns resembling a dragon!

At this moment, it was cut in half by a knife from the beginning to the end!

It turned out that the previous island was transformed by this monster, and even the humans above were transformed by it.

This is no ordinary monster!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the monster's sea of ​​consciousness shattered inch by inch, turning into little stars and gradually dissipating, revealing the white spar inside, and a gray treasure chest...

Immediately afterwards, another white light flew from its corpse and poured into the fission body...Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

[You successfully killed the Mirage (quasi-god king), and obtained +320 trillion energy points and +3030 golden judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the Mirage (quasi-god king), and obtained an Innate Dao Crystal Fragment (heart)]

[You successfully killed the Mirage (quasi-god king) and obtained a Chaos Treasure Chest (incomplete state)]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 73 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

The fission body's eyes lit up, and he was overjoyed!