Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Good harvest this time!

Not only has the vocation been promoted, but also gained two treasures!

Then, as soon as the fission body beckoned, it pulled the Innate Dao Crystal Fragment and the Chaos Treasure Box to the front...

[Xiantian Dao Crystal Fragment (Heart): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of the Dao of Heart]

[Reminder: You need to master the true meaning of SSS-level heart before refining]

Seeing this, the fission body is very happy!

The true meaning of the heart!

He has mastered it!

This Xiantian Daojing came at just the right time!

Thinking of this, he put the crystal shard into the storage ring...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: You have harvested an Innate Dao Crystal Fragment, points +3]

After doing this, he looked at the gray treasure chest again...

I saw that the treasure chest radiated golden light, and the breath was extremely extraordinary...

[Chaos treasure chest (incomplete state): In special secret areas, guardian beasts have a 1% chance to explode]

[Reminder: Ten chaotic treasure chests in an incomplete state can be automatically combined into a completed chaotic treasure chest]

[Chaos treasure chest (complete state): 99% chance to open a top-quality god-level treasure chest, 98% chance to open a fortune-level treasure, 2% chance to open a fortune peak treasure]

what!

The Chaos Treasure Chest can open up treasures of the pinnacle of creation!

The fission body's eyes are shining, and the surprise is endless!

Create a pinnacle treasure!

He has two in his hand, but he can't use it!

One is the Pantian Divine Axe, and the other is the Pantian Divine Armor.

Unexpectedly, in this special secret territory, there is also a chance to obtain peak-level treasures of good fortune!

However, the chance of opening the treasure chest is extremely low, only 2% chance.

In other words, his luck value must reach 5 times, in order to open 1% of the treasures of the peak of good fortune!

At present, Jiyang Ontology is slaughtering the main **** realm players everywhere, so that his luck value has reached 1377 times, which is not far from 5 times.

Therefore, this treasure chest cannot be opened for the time being!

Of course, what he has now is an incomplete 'chaos treasure chest', and he has to collect nine incomplete chaotic treasure chests before they can be automatically combined into a complete chaotic treasure chest!

The guardian beast of this special secret realm has only a 1% chance of exploding, and I don't know how many to kill to get it all together!

If he kills the first one, it will burst out, and it is completely unfortunate!

Thinking of this, the fission body put away the treasure chest with satisfaction!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came again...

[Secret realm reminder: There are 49 special guardian beasts left in the secret realm, and 1 demon **** is left, and you can stay for 27 minutes and 36 seconds...]

Hearing the prompt, the fission body was startled, hurriedly dodged, and rushed towards the next target...

Time is too urgent, he has to speed up the hunt!

At the same time, another extreme yin fission variant also found its target and was facing a special guardian beast of the quasi-god king level...

In this way, the extremely yin body has been actively hunting and killing in the special secret territory of the lower grade...

At the same time, in the Wang-level district, in the secret area of ​​Space Avenue

Somewhere over the jungle!

Qingdi looked at the silver Daojing fragment in front of him with joy!

Just now, he hunted down a beast of the limit of the Lord God, and a piece of debris exploded.

This is the third Dao Crystal shard he has obtained!

In less than three minutes, he harvested 3 Dao Crystal fragments, which was extremely efficient!

The next second, he pinch a seal!

Suddenly, in a radius of 100 miles, the light in the entire secret space dimmed inexplicably!

That seal tactic actually caused a change in the celestial phenomena!

At that moment, all the players in the secret realm felt it, and they were all surprised!

They don't know what's going on!

At the same time, the Qing Emperor pinched the seal and pressed his finger to the Dao Crystal fragment in front of him!

Om~!

Heaven and earth roared loudly!

An invisible force of the Dao emanated from his fingertips, enveloped the Dao Jing in front of him, and wrapped it!

After a while, the original silver Dao crystal fragments became gray, not emitting any luster, and there was no Dao rhythm fluctuation.

That crystal shard seemed to disappear out of thin air!

But it can be seen with the naked eye, it is clearly in front of you!

It's all so weird!

"Hoo~! It's successful again!"

Emperor Qing heaved a sigh of relief, and happily put away the Dao Crystal fragment.

But when he put away the Dao crystal fragments, there was no heavenly reminder.

There is no increase in the points on his token either!

It turned out that he just used the power of the 'Tianji Avenue'!

The Avenue of Heavenly Secrets can temporarily cover the secrets of the heavens, so that Heavenly Dao cannot detect it!

With his current ability, the secret cover can last for an hour!

Therefore, every time he obtains a Dao crystal fragment, he will use the heavenly secret to cover it up, so that the heavenly way cannot be detected, and no points will be counted!

In this way, he can break through the limitations of the Heavenly Dao and get more Dao Crystal fragments in this secret layer.

With his strength, it is not difficult to collect 1 Dao Crystal Fragment within an hour!

If this means of concealing the secret is added, he is sure to collect more than 2, or even 3, in this secret territory!

With such a result, he can not only enter the low-grade special secret realm at 4.8, but also enter the middle-grade special secret realm!

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing showed a proud smile!

He doesn't believe that someone in the No. 2 security can do the same as him, covering up the secret and breaking through the restrictions of the assessment rules!

You must know that when he broke through the realm of the king of gods, he set his mind on the 'Tianji Dao'.

The Avenue of Heaven's Secret was born out of the 'Number of Heaven's Dao', and it is the top 100 Houtian Avenue, which is extremely mysterious!

Thinking of this, Qingdi felt even more proud.

In his opinion, the first place in this round of fortune is none other than him!

After he earns enough points, he will go to the low-grade special secret realm and the middle-grade special secret realm, and then get more opportunities!

The more Qingdi thought about it, the more proud he became!

Then, his figure flashed, and he continued to harvest points...

It's just that Emperor Qing didn't know that, just when he was working hard to earn points, the very yin body had already harvested treasures in the special secret territory of the lower grade...

Don't say that Qingdi didn't expect that the players in the entire safety zone did not expect that the extreme yin body would be so fast, and the points would reach more than 1 point.

However, with Qingdi's special means, he will soon be able to earn more than 2 points...

Even if the extremely yin body has been scraped clean of the low-grade special secret realm, Qing Emperor still has the opportunity to enter the middle-grade special secret realm...

What's more, the very negative body may not have time to scrape it clean!

In this way, there is an invisible competition between the two sides.

Chapter 808 Peeking into the Divine Realm! Power Rune Beast!

Just as Qingdi was frantically collecting points, something else was happening.

At this time, in the king-level area, the secret realm of the Avenue of Power, somewhere in a hidden jungle.

A bald old man in a purple robe looked into the distance with an extremely arrogant expression.

This old man is the Purple Emperor!

Behind him, there are also six quasi-god kings standing respectfully.

"Lord Zidi, you said that 'Qingdi' is the person we are looking for?"

A quasi-god king asked respectfully.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Emperor Zi said coldly, "He's the most suspicious! The 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven' has deduced the secrets of heaven. This time, the first chance in the Holy Land, the future domain master who judges God's Domain, will win the first place!"

"From the current point of view, the Qing Emperor has the most hope of winning the first place, so he has a 90% possibility that he will be the future domain owner of the trial God's Domain! I must destroy his chance harvest this time!"

The quasi-god king nodded slightly: "Your Excellency is right! I really didn't expect that Judgment God Realm is really dead and not dead! After so many years, the 'Heavenly Venerate' still doesn't give up, and he has to cultivate a future for Judgment God Realm. Domain Master!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "Heavenly Venerable is proficient in heavenly secrets, and Dazaitian is also proficient in heavenly secrets! This time, how could Datianzun make Tianzun wish you well?!"

"If Tianzun really trains a judge domain master, it will definitely not be a good thing for me to 'peep the heavens and gods'!"

"Back then, I saw the Heavenly God Domain united with multiple star forces, broke through the Judgment God Domain, and killed the domain owner at the time. If they were to give birth to a new domain owner, he would definitely take revenge!"

The quasi-god king took a deep breath: "It's true! However, it is not easy to become the domain master of the Judgment God's Domain. No one is qualified to inherit the 19th inheritance of the domain master! The Judgment God's Domain wants to revive, I'm afraid it won't be that easy. !"

Emperor Zi nodded slightly: "Yes! The origin of Judgment God's Domain is mysterious, and the inheritance of its domain master is extremely powerful! It is not easy to cultivate a inheritor."

"The purpose of our visit to the Holy Land this time is to do everything possible to destroy Qingdi's chances so that he can't get the first place."

"According to Daji, as long as he is given another month, he will be able to figure out where the foundation of the future domain master of God's Domain is located. At that time, Dajitian will directly kill him and kill him!"

Speaking of this, Emperor Zi's eyes showed a touch of excitement.

The quasi-god kings also looked at each other and smiled!

Afterwards, a quasi-god king smiled and said: "As long as Emperor Qing doesn't get the first place, it is a fortune. If he wants to succeed as the judge of the domain master, it will be even more difficult!"

Emperor Zi also smiled and said, "Yeah! If it wasn't for the Heavenly Venerate covering up the secrets and hiding the origin of Emperor Qing, Da Jitian would have figured out which Star Territory he belongs to!"

"It's a pity! At present, we can't find his foundation, and we can't kill players in the Holy Land. We can only prevent him from getting a better chance!"

Another quasi-god king smiled and said: "My lord, the first place in every round of chance in this holy land is far better than other rankings! As long as we don't let him get the first place, it will break the plan of Tianzun and let him Inheritance time delay!"

Emperor Zi nodded slightly: "That's true! However, Emperor Qing is extremely powerful, even stronger than the deity!"

The quasi-god king smiled again: "Lord Zidi, although Emperor Qing is very strong, Lord Jindi is also one of our people. There are several adults in the No. 1 and No. 3 safe areas."

"If Emperor Qing is really the future domain master that Tianzun wants to cultivate, then I will do my best to deal with it. In the last few rounds of chance, let alone let him not get the first place, even if he can't make it into the top ten, it is very possible!"

Hearing this, Emperor Zi smiled: "That's right! We have to act quickly! It is estimated that Emperor Jin has already started!"

At this time, Emperor Zi took out a stack of simple golden talismans.

"These are the Heavenly Secret Talismans given by the Great Sacrifice, which can cover up the Heavenly Mystery! Each of you will take 20 pieces. After you harvest the Dao Crystal Fragments, use this Talisman to cover up the Heavenly Secrets and prevent the Heavenly Dao from scoring, and then remove the Dao Crystal Fragments. Turn it over to me!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he distributed the Heavenly Secret Talisman to his subordinates.

"Sir, what is your plan?" Another quasi-god king asked curiously.

Ziwei smiled slightly: "In this round of chance, the biggest chance is those three special secret realms! As long as we get there first and sweep away the opportunities in the special secret realm first, it does not mean that it prevents Qing Emperor or more opportunities. ?"

The quasi-god king's eyes lit up: "It's true!"

Zidi said again: "Besides, with this talisman, we can break through the rules of heaven and get more points. From this moment on, the six of you will assist me. The deity will get it within an hour. 2 minutes!"