Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The quasi-god king was surprised: "Get 2 points in an hour? Isn't that the standard for entering the special secret realm of the middle grade? Sir, don't you go to the special secret realm of the lower grade?"

Emperor Zi said with a smug smile: "Then the special secret realm of the lower grades will be left to Emperor Jin! He also has six quasi-god kings on his side to help. If I don't expect it to be bad, he will be able to reach 1 point in half an hour. "

As soon as these words fell, the subordinates were pleasantly surprised!

A quasi-god king said excitedly: "In half an hour, we can reach 1 point. It is estimated that Qingdi never thought that our actions would be so fast! When he gets 1 point, and then enters the special secret realm of the low-level, only I'm afraid there will be no chance."

Emperor Zi smiled and said, "Okay! Let's act!"

"Yes!"

As soon as the words fell, the six quasi-god kings fled away one after another.

Emperor Zi looked at the backs of his subordinates leaving, showing a confident smile.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

In his opinion, this time Qingdi was definitely crushed by them!

Thinking of this, he dodged and disappeared.

It's just that Emperor Zi and others didn't know that the target they were really looking for was not Emperor Qing, but Qin Feng.

They would never have thought that at this moment, Qin Feng's extremely yin body was already in the special secret territory of the low-grade, and he was trying to seize the opportunity.

When they find out the truth, I'm afraid they will vomit blood

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, twenty minutes passed!

In these twenty minutes, the harvest of the extremely yin body was extremely huge, which made him extremely satisfied.

In these twenty minutes, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi also scored 20 points and came out of the False God area.

Their combat power has reached 140 million stars. Compared with those False God players, they are naturally crushing!

Even compared with the True God Realm players, they are the top group of people.

Afterwards, the five entered the secret realms of the True God Zone and continued to earn points...

At the same time, the main **** area, the secret realm of the Avenue of Power, was above a mountain top.

The anode body stands in the sky!

At this moment, his clothes were rattled by the mountain wind!

And in front of him, there was a corpse that was split in half, shattering inch by inch, turning into a sky full of stars!

Om~!

At this moment, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand lit up, generating endless suction, and began to swallow the luck of the corpse.

[Reminder: You killed the player 'Loufan' and got +1 sin point, accumulating 187 sin points]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of Loufan, and your luck value is +13 times]

Got another 13 times the luck value!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

However, his sins are worth a lot!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took out the token again and checked it out...

[Player]: Qin Feng (Jiyang body)

[Evil Value]: 187, 18 points deducted in total

[Daojing Score]: 119 points

[Cumulative points]: 101 points

"Exactly one point more than one point!"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly and didn't care.

Afterwards, he opened the panel to check the changes in the luck value...

[Air Luck Value]: 3790 times

Seeing this, he immediately showed a satisfied smile.

Unconsciously, the luck has reached such a level, and it is not far from the goal of 5 times the luck value.

When he reaches 5 times his luck value, he can open the 'Chaos Treasure Chest'.

With this thought, Ji Yang's body is full of expectations!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: It is detected that you have killed 2 main gods in total and absorbed their luck, you are restricted by the rules of heaven]

[Reminder: From now on, after you kill the Lord God, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword can no longer absorb the target's luck. Unlimited above the quasi-god king]

Ji Yang's body was slightly taken aback!

He was restricted!

It seems that he is madly plundering other people's luck, and has been scrutinized by heaven, and has actually restricted him.

After all, it is extremely rare in this world to become a living being of the Lord God.

Having said that, there were 2 main gods he killed?

Isn't it only 187?

Then, Ji Yang's body moved, and he wanted to understand. 833

The number of Tiandao statistics includes Gabriel, Kaxiu, Styx Demon, etc.

In this way, he really killed 2 to honor the existence of the Lord God.

If that's the case, then he will change his goal and kill those quasi-god kings.

Those quasi-god kings have higher luck, so what is the limit?

In short, he should get out of this secret territory!

Ji Yang's main body flashed and rushed forward.

He sensed that there was a guardian beast a hundred miles ahead.

In only a few tens of seconds, Jiyang's body traversed hundreds of miles and came to the top of a valley.

As soon as he appeared, he heard the roars of beasts in the valley, and the sound of earth-shattering fighting!

The anode body can't help but look down!

I saw that in the valley, a giant monster was fighting fiercely with an old man in black robe!

The black-robed old man is the ultimate cultivation base of the main god, and his strength is very strong!

That giant monster is also the limit of the main god, but it is weaker than the old man.

However, the gaze of Ji Yang's body did not fall on the old man, but looked at the giant beast.

That giant beast is very strange, with a tiger body and a scorpion tail, and a body of 10,000 feet, but it has the head of a human.

It's just that his face is extremely ferocious, his complexion is like Western white skin, and there is a mysterious rune between his eyebrows, which has been shining with golden light, which is amazing.

[Evil Object]: Strength and Dao Rune Beast

[Boundary]: The limit of the Lord God

[Explosion Rate]: After killing, there is a 25% chance of exploding Dao crystal fragments (power), and a 1% chance of exploding the 'Ancestral Talisman of Power'

[Characteristics]: Special beast in the secret realm, mastering the rhythm of power, the only one in this secret realm

[Ancestral Talisman of Power]: Refining this Talisman can upgrade the A-level power law to the S-level

Seeing this, Ji Yang's eyes lit up and was pleasantly surprised.

The Dao Crystal Fragment (power) he owns has already exceeded 1, which is enough to understand the avenue of power.

The only regret is that his power law is A-level, not S-level, and cannot refine those Dao crystal fragments (power).

Now, the opportunity has come!

This talisman can explode 1% of the "Ancestral Talisman of Power", which is just enough to upgrade his power law from A level to S level

Chapter 809 Megatron Mystery Realm! The Golden Emperor is coming!

Thinking of this, the heart of Ji Yang's body became hot!

At this moment, the black-robed old man below felt something and couldn't help but look up.

As soon as he raised his head, he saw Ji Yang's body, and he was so frightened that he lost his mind.

"Lord Qin Qinfeng!"

At the same time as he spoke, the black-robed old man had quickly withdrawn from the battle circle, widening the distance from Ji Yang's body, and looked at Ji Yang's body in horror.

This weird scene made the Strength Dao Rune Beast bewildered!

It looked at the black-robed old man with a puzzled face!

This old man's strength is even stronger than it, why would he be so frightened when he saw the white-haired young man.

This young human, no matter how you look at it, is only in the False God Realm!

With such strength, in front of the Lord God, he is an ant-like existence!

Why is the old man afraid of this man?

The strength talisman beast is full of doubts!

"Lord Qin Qinfeng, why are you here?"

At this time, the old man asked again, his voice trembling.

Ji Yang's body glanced at him lightly, and smiled coldly: "Where is the deity, do I need to tell you?"

"No! No! No~! Little old man didn't mean that, I mean"

The old man hurriedly explained.

But before he could finish speaking, Ji Yang interrupted impatiently.

"This rune beast! The deity wants it! Go away!"

The old man nodded again and again: "Yes! Yes! The little old man is leaving now! Thank you for not killing!"

Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, the old man flashed and rushed out into the distance.

That escape speed, faster than a rabbit!

Looking at the back of the old man fleeing, Ji Yang's body pursed slightly, revealing a secret smile.

It turned out that there were a total of 2,000 people in the main god-level powerhouse in the No. 2 security zone!

And the main **** powerhouse who entered this secret realm is only about 200 people.

Ji Yang's body almost killed the players on this floor!

The black-robed old man was killed once by Ji Yang's body!

Therefore, he is naturally extremely frightened of the polar body!

In his eyes, Ji Yang's body is comparable to the existence of a **** king, and he is definitely not something he can provoke.

After the player is killed, Tiandao will inform the name of the killer.

The old man naturally knew the name of the polar body.

And after Ji Yang recognized the old man, he let him go!

For those who have already been killed by him, his luck will be completely absorbed by him, and there is no gain in killing them again, but will increase the sin value by 1 point.

That being the case, he might as well let it go!

In short, the main **** realm players in this secret layer basically know his existence, and they all fear him like a tiger.

Of course, only the players in this secret realm know that Jiyang's body is terrifying, and other secret realm players still don't know the truth.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body turned his eyes and looked at the strength beast.