Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as he saw Ji Yang's body, the talisman beast's eyes were condensed, and his expression was gloomy.

Although it didn't know why the 'old man in black robe' fled, it was not afraid of the young man in front of him.

Ah!

A human being in the False God realm!

What is there to fear?

At this moment, Ji Yang's body flashed light, and there was an extra long sword!

roar~!

Seeing this scene, the beast was furious!

This humble human being!

It hasn't shot yet, this human actually wants to shoot, it's really courting death!

Boom~!

In the next second, the Strength Dao Rune Beast made a vertical leap and slaughtered towards Ji Yang's body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, the gigantic body of 10,000 zhang rushed to the front, stirring the sky and shaking!

Swish~!

At this moment, a sword light flashed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one sword, Ji Yang's body split the giant beast in half!

roar~!

The shrill beast roar echoed in the valley, and the sound wave was transmitted for hundreds of miles!

The old man, who had already fled a hundred miles away, broke out in a cold sweat after hearing the scream!

At the same time, he felt a trace of joy!

Fortunately, Lord Qin Feng let him go this time!

If he dies again, another point will be deducted.

It was tragic to say that, with the ultimate strength of his Lord God, only thirty guardian beasts had been killed so far, and a total of 5 Dao crystal fragments had exploded.

It's really low rate.

He has to kill several of them before a Dao Crystal fragment can be exploded!

What made him even more puzzled was that since he was killed by Lord Qin Feng once, the explosion rate of the guardian beasts in the secret area seemed to be lower, and he didn't know what was going on.

In short, it has been almost half an hour since the secret realm was opened, and he only got 4 points.

Originally, he had 5 points, because he was killed by Lord Qin Feng once, and another point was deducted.

In the next four and a half hours, he has to work hard!

The old man sighed and fled into the distance.

He was still sighing in his heart, the explosion rate of the guardian beast seemed to be lower.

He didn't know that it was because the luck in his body was sucked away by Qin Feng, and the explosion rate naturally became lower!

This damage is invisible and far-reaching!

This is also an unforgettable lesson Qin Feng gave to these blind guys!

However, on the other hand, after the beast of strength was beheaded, it began to crack inch by inch.

Another white light flew out from the corpse and poured into the body of Jiyang

[You successfully killed the power rune beast (the limit of the main god), and obtained +140 trillion energy points, +510 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the Dao Rune Beast (Lord God Limit), and a Dao Crystal Fragment (Power) exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the beast of power talisman (the limit of the main god), and an ancestor talisman of strength exploded]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 75 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 10,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 10,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10,000 points! 】

Before I knew it, my vocation had been promoted to level 75.

Jiyang body feels comfortable!

Then, he waved his hand again, and sucked a silver ancient talisman in front of him...

[Ancestral Talisman of Power: Wonders of Heaven and Earth, High-Grade Divine Rank]

[Refining this talisman can promote the A-level law of strength to the S-level]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of A-level strength to refine this talisman]

Sure enough!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile.

He finally has a way to master the avenue of power.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body waved again, and pulled the 'Dao Crystal Fragment (force)' that had just exploded in front of him.

Afterwards, he took out 99 Dao crystal fragments from the storage ring and collected one!

In the next second, the hundred Dao crystal fragments will gather together on their own initiative.

Om~!

Soon, one hundred Dao Crystal fragments merged into one!

An egg-sized silver Dao crystal appeared in front of the polar body.

[Taiqing Daojing (Force): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhythm of the Dao of Power]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of S-level power to refine it]

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body sent this 'Taiqing Daojing' and that 'Ancestral Talisman of Strength' into the chaotic space.

Now everything is waiting for the mind body to refine!

Before long, he will be able to master a new avenue.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body feels comfortable

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have collected 60 Dao crystal fragments (force) in the secret territory of this layer, which has reached the collection limit! 】

[If you hunt down the guardian beasts of the secret realm again, you will not be able to explode the Dao crystal fragments. It is recommended that players go to the king-level secret realm to continue to obtain Dao crystal fragments]

[Players please prepare, you will be forcibly teleported out of the secret realm of this layer after 10 seconds]

【Countdown: 19】Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Finally reached the limit!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

This time, in this secret realm, it can be said that he has achieved a complete harvest.

Next, if he collects luck again, he should go to the king-level secret realm and kill those quasi-god kings.

However, the quasi-god king is not easy to kill!

If those guys join forces, it will be even more difficult to deal with.

While waiting for the Heavenly Dao to transmit, Ji Yang's body was thinking about what to do next.

At the same time, the king-level area swallowed the secret realm of the avenue, on a sea surface.

An old man in a golden robe hangs on the sea, with an extraordinary temperament!

This old man is none other than the Golden Emperor, one of the middle-stage Divine Kings!

At this moment, he looked forward proudly, as if waiting for something.

At this moment, there was a rapid burst of air from the front.

Emperor Jin hurriedly followed the sound and saw a sharp figure flying towards him.

In just a moment, the figure appeared in front of him!

The person who came was a white-faced and beardless man who was in the realm of a quasi-god king.

"." This subordinate has seen Lord Jindi ¨〃!"

As soon as the man saw Emperor Jin, he hurriedly stepped forward to salute, with a very respectful attitude.

Emperor Jin nodded slightly: "How is the harvest?"

"My lord, this subordinate is incompetent. It took nearly half an hour to harvest 7 Dao Crystal fragments!"

As soon as the voice fell, the man respectfully took out seven Dao Crystal fragments!

There is a Heavenly Secret Talisman attached to each Daojing fragment.

"Already good!"

Emperor Jin smiled and waved his hand, pulling the seven Dao Crystal fragments in front of him.

Then, he snapped again!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, those celestial talismans shattered one after another!

Om~! Om~! hum~!

Those Dao Jing suddenly lit up with aura!

There was a look of joy in the eyes of Emperor Jin.

The moment the Heavenly Secret Talisman was broken, Tiandao judged that he had obtained 7 Dao Crystal fragments, which instantly increased him by 7 points.

"Sir, how many points are you missing now?"

The man asked curiously.

"With your 7 yuan, I already have 98 points, and I'm only 2 points away!"

With a wave of his hand, Emperor Jin put away the seven Dao Crystals.

The man rejoiced: "Sir, so, you will soon be able to collect 1 point and have the right to enter the special secret realm of the lower grade!"

Emperor Jin smiled and said, "Yes! In three minutes at most, the deity will be able to collect it! Alright! The deity is going to hunt the last two Dao Crystals now, and you can start earning points for yourself!"

"Yes! Your lord!"

The man hurriedly agreed.

Jindi said no more, and disappeared above the sea in a flash.

Looking at the direction in which Emperor Jin disappeared, the man was filled with emotion.

This time, in order to allow Lord Jindi to collect 1 point earlier, they have six quasi-god kings helping to collect Daojing.

As a result, the six of them did not get points for half an hour.

This has greatly affected their final grades!

I wonder if he can collect enough points in the remaining four and a half hours to enter the top 100?

The man's heart is trembling!

However, it would not be a loss if Lord Jindi could enter the special secret realm of the lower grades earlier and complete their tasks!