Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This thought made the man feel a little better.

In the next second, his figure flashed and disappeared.

He didn't know that the extreme yin body had been in that special secret territory for almost half an hour.

Chapter 810: Heavenly Dao Approval! Yin and Yang Avenue!

At the same time, the king-level area, the secret territory of the space avenue.

Somewhere over the jungle, Qingdi is taking stock of his harvest.

After a while, he finished the inventory, with a satisfied smile on his face.

In less than half an hour, he harvested 107 Dao Crystal fragments, which is 107 points.

And the points on his token are still 0 points!

That was hidden by his secret technique of the Great Dao!

According to this progress, he estimates that he will only be noticed by Tiandao after staying in the secret territory for an hour and a half!

Because his secret technique can only last for an hour.

From the first to the hundredth exposure, it takes about half an hour.

That is, at that time, Tiandao will think that he has earned 1 point and send him out.

In fact, at that time, he could earn 3 or so spar, which is more than 3 points!

With such a high score, it would be difficult for him not to take the first place!

The only pity is that he has to stay in this secret territory for an hour and a half.

I don't know if anyone can earn 1 point in this one and a half hour and enter the special secret realm of low-grade first?

If there is, it is estimated that Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin can do it!

However, that's okay too!

After he goes out, even if there are no treasures in the low-level secret realm, he can go to the middle-level special secret realm.

Thinking of this, Qingdi was very happy and felt that the plan was perfect!

Then, with a flash of his figure, he continued to hunt down the guardian beasts...

However, Emperor Qing did not expect that the biggest threat to him was not from Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin, but from Qin Feng.

This time, let's not say that he won the first place, even if he won the second place, it would be a little difficult.

In this round of chance, Qin Feng's two main bodies were regarded by Tiandao as two independent individuals, and they could occupy two places.

Of course, if Qin Feng wants to win the first and second place, the points of the two main bodies must exceed 3 points, or even about 4 points, before he is expected to surpass Qingdi...

Among the two main bodies, Ji Yang's body was deducted 18 points due to too many killings. The current points are 102 points, which is 5 points less than Qingdi. 860

However, the points of the extreme yin body far surpass that of the Qing Emperor!

At this time, the low-grade special secret territory.

The very yin body looked forward with joy!

In front of me, a large blood mist is turning into a little starlight, dissipating all around...

At this moment, a white light flew out from the blood mist and poured into his body...

[You successfully killed the Emperor Kun (quasi-god king), and obtained +370 trillion energy value, +3930 golden judgment value]

[You successfully killed the Emperor Kun (quasi-god king) and obtained an Innate Dao Crystal Fragment (Heart)]

[You successfully killed Kun Huang (quasi-god king) and obtained a Chaos Treasure Chest (incomplete state)]

When the blood mist dissipated, a Dao crystal fragment and a gray treasure chest were revealed in the field!

"Hoo~! The third treasure chest finally exploded!"

Seeing the gray treasure chest, the very Yin body breathed a sigh of relief.

This chaotic treasure chest in an incomplete state has a very low explosion rate!

It took him nearly half an hour to reveal the third one.

From this, it can be seen that when he killed the first special guardian beast, a treasure chest burst out, which is really bad luck.

As a result, he has three Chaos Chests (incomplete state).

But for such a treasure chest, only ten of them can be merged into a complete state, and then there is a way to open the treasure.

However, he was not in a hurry.

His luck value has not yet reached 5 times, even if he can open the treasure chest now, he will be able to open treasures of the Fortune level, but he will not be able to open the Peak Fortune level.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body waved his hand and put away the treasure chest.

Afterwards, he waved again and put away the Innate Dao Crystal shard.

[Reminder: You have harvested an Innate Dao Crystal Fragment, your points will be +3, and your points will accumulate to 270 points]

The eyes of the extremely yin body lit up!

Before he knew it, his points reached 270 points!

This should be a good result!

The very yin body does not know that his achievements have far surpassed the three emperors Qingdi, Zidi, and Jindi...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Secret realm reminder: There are 0 special guardian beasts left in the secret realm, and there is 1 remaining demon god, and you can stay for 7 seconds]

Huh~!

Only 7 seconds left!

The very yin body smiled bitterly!

There are a total of 50 special guardian beasts in this secret layer, all of which have been killed by him!

The explosion rate of the 50 special beasts is about 20%, and it is reasonable to say that only about 15 pieces of Innate Dao Crystal can be exploded.

But Qin Feng is the master of high-level destiny, and his luck has reached more than three thousand times.

For him, the 20% explosion rate is no different from the 1% explosion rate.

Every time he kills a special guardian beast, he can explode an innate Tao crystal fragment, which is unimaginable by others!

This allowed him to obtain 50 Innate Dao Crystal Fragments (hearts) in one fell swoop.

It's just that those special guardian beasts are all at the level of quasi-god kings, so killing them is not so easy and takes a lot of time.

Now, after killing 50 special guardian beasts, he is almost running out of residence time.

That last Demon God, he has no time to kill!

The very yin body looked around with a look of regret.

His location is an endless ocean.

The entire special secret realm was basically swept aside by him, and this ocean has not been explored yet.

With this in mind, he looked up at the depths of the ocean again...

I saw a looming golden light in the deepest part of the ocean, floating on the sea.

There should be the location of the Demon God.

such a pity!

He didn't have time to rush over, let alone kill that Demon God!

The last chance in this secret realm is the devil, and that is also the biggest chance in this secret realm!

However, that's okay too!

Although he is too late, there is still the polar body.

After he goes out, let Jiyang go to hunt and kill!

All the opportunities in this low-grade special secret territory will eventually fall into his hands.

Thinking of this, the very yin body showed a satisfied smile again.

Then, he turned his head to look in the direction of the exit!

He sensed that the polar body was about to come out...

At the same time, outside, in front of the square.

In the main **** area, at the exit of the secret realm of the Avenue of Power, a white light lit up!

The polar sun itself has manifested itself!

As soon as he appears, look around!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

At this time, the entire square was empty, and everything seemed quiet.

Seeing this, he took a deep breath and walked straight to the special secret realm of the next grade.

He is of the same heart as the polar yin body, and naturally knows everything that happens there...

"Hey! This is..."

But as soon as he walked halfway, he felt something.

The next second, he hurriedly waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, and a corpse puppet appeared out of thin air, it was the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp'.

The appearance of the Burning Lamp Ancient God, the aura emanating from his whole body suddenly reached 4 billion stars, and the corpse aura on his body also faded a lot.

Not only that, but the power of the avenue loomed out of him, but the power of the avenue was not complete.

Such a huge change surprised and delighted the body of Jiyang!

At the same moment, the ancient **** of burning lamp also looked around curiously.

Afterwards, he saw Jiyang's body, and hurriedly stepped forward to meet...

"Light...lamp...worship...see...Lord...people!"

The ancient **** of burning lamp spit out word by word, his voice was mechanical and dry, but it was obviously more fluent and logical than before.

Obviously, this Burning Lamp Corpse Puppet has greatly increased its spirituality!

Ji Yang's body asked curiously: "Ran Deng, why has your strength increased so quickly? Before this, your combat power seemed to be only two billion, why is it now soaring to 4 billion stars.

Hearing this question, Ran Deng also revealed a happy expression: "Master... human! After the subordinate's soul body is restored... complete, after eating the fruit... It has also recovered, and the strength...the strength has increased so quickly!"

The body of Jiyang is suddenly stunned!

Come to think of it, this lantern was a **** king before his death!

If you want to become a **** king, you must master a way!

Before, Ran Deng's soul body was broken, and the Great Dao imprint engraved in his soul body was also destroyed.

Now, his soul body has recovered, and the mark of the Great Dao has gradually recovered.

And with the improvement of soul power, the recovery speed of the Great Dao Mark has also increased, so the strength has increased greatly.

Thinking of this, the body of Jiyang looked at the ancient **** of the lamp with joy.

He found that the realm of the burning lamp was the main **** realm, and he had not yet reached the **** king realm.

This should have something to do with the recovery of Ran Deng's soul power.

The current strength of Ran Deng's soul power is the level of the main **** realm.

When his soul power is restored to the level of a quasi-god king, his realm will automatically reach the level of a quasi-god king, and when he returns to the level of a god-king, his state is that of a god-king.

At this thought, Ji Yang's body laughed.

He still has a way to get a spiritual item that restores his soul power.

If the lamp can be restored to the level of a god-king, he is equivalent to having a subordinate of a god-king.

"Right! Burn the lamp, what kind of avenue do you realize?"

Ji Yang's body asked curiously.