Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He can't waste time thinking about it anymore, he has to hurry up and hunt for treasure!

damn it!

In the end, those two people came in one step ahead of him?

He must find those two!

Swish~!

Thinking of this, Emperor Jin rushed to the depths of the secret realm with an angry mood.

With the time limit, he didn't dare to delay a minute and a second!

He didn't know that the special guardian beasts in this secret realm had already been completely killed by the extreme yin body, leaving only the last demon god.

In this way, Emperor Jin began to search for treasures in the secret territory.

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body had already reached the sky over that sea area and was rushing towards the place of golden light.

According to the calculation of the extreme yin body, the last devil is likely to be hidden there.

Of course, whether the Demon God is in the Land of Golden Light or not, Ji Yang's body is not sure, and he is somewhat uneasy in his heart.

In this way, he rushed all the way to the land of golden light!

In a blink of an eye, five minutes passed!

·

He finally arrived at the Land of Golden Light, and finally saw the true appearance of the Land of Golden Light.

It was a huge island with a radius of thousands of miles, and it was covered with a huge golden mask.

It is because of the existence of the mask that the entire island emits a dazzling golden light, which can be seen clearly even from thousands of miles away.

At the same time, because of the existence of the mask, the consciousness cannot detect everything in the mask, and it can only be seen clearly after getting close.

"There is actually a protective mask on this island! It seems that the guardian demon of this secret realm is on this island!"

Ji Yang took a deep breath, held his breath, and flew to the mysterious island cautiously.

At present, he still doesn't know where the devil is, so he has to be careful!

In just a moment, he was over the island, staying outside the mask.

The anode body first glanced at the mask in front of him.

He can sense that the energy defense level of this mask has reached 15 billion stars, which is extremely powerful!

The range of combat power in the early days of the God King is 100 million to 200 million stars.

The combat power of Jiyang's body is more than 14.5 billion stars.

With his current combat power, it is actually a bit weaker than the energy level of the mask.

However, the polar body has other means, and naturally there is a way to break through the mask.

Thinking of this, his attention was removed from the mask, and through the mask, he observed the island.

I saw lush greenery on the island, with Turin flowers, spirit grass, and spirit fruits everywhere.

What is even more shocking is that those spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits are all above the middle grade **** rank, and many of them are high grade **** rank!

This is a huge treasure trove!

The spiritual things on this island alone are ten times more than all the spiritual things harvested by the two main bodies before!

This is so heartwarming!

"Huh! That's..."

Soon, the gaze of Ji Yang's body fell over a pool in the center of the island.

I saw that on the water pool, the spiritual energy was extremely strong, and a thick layer of fog had formed, which kept rolling, and it seemed that the fairy energy was lingering!

Through the thick fog, Ji Yang's body could vaguely see a white lotus growing in the center of the pool.

The white lotus flower has sixteen petals, the texture is like jade, white and flawless, and the whole body emits radiance, which is extremely sacred.

As soon as the heart of Ji Yang's body moved, he opened the eye of peeping and went to detect it.

[White Lotus of the Pure World (16th grade): Fortune-level, a wonder of heaven and earth, containing the power of the 'Avenue of Longevity']

[Reminder: You can refine this lotus with the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', so that the sacred lotus of mind can be advanced to the level of creation, giving birth to infinite wonderful effects]

[Reminder: When the pure white lotus opens with thirteen petals, it is the thirteenth grade; when the flower opens with fourteen petals, it is the fourteenth grade, and so on]

[Reminder: Refining and refining the 13th-grade Pure World White Lotus, there is a 10% chance of realizing the avenue of longevity; refining and refining the 14th-grade Pure World White Lotus, there is a 20% probability of having an epiphany of the Longevity Avenue]

[Reminder: This pure white lotus is a sixteenth grade, and after refining, there is a 40% probability of the avenue of growth and development]

Boom~!

After this peeping, Ji Yang's body was full of surprises!

The pure white lotus of the sixteenth grade!

After refining, there is a 40% chance of realizing the Great Way of Longevity, which is really powerful!

It can be said that this pure white lotus is the most precious treasure he has ever seen in the Holy Land.

Fortune-level treasures have high and low value!

Just like those Dao crystal fragments, they also belong to the creation level.

But fifty Dao crystal fragments added up, the value is not as good as this pure white lotus!

The more I think about it, the more excited I get!

However, instead of picking it immediately, he moved his gaze upward and landed on the top of the Pure World White Lotus.

Just above the white lotus, there was a human-shaped black figure sitting cross-legged.

In the thick fog, the black shadow loomed and appeared strange! Door.

Chapter 812: The Demon God of Gun! The sky is the same color!

Ji Yang's body quickly stared at it, and he could see the appearance of the black shadow.

I saw that the black figure was several feet tall, with black fish scales all over his body, a pair of dragon horns on his head, human-like features, and a sinister temperament.

At this moment, the shadow is closing his eyes and meditating, as if entering a state of meditation...

Ji Yang's body thought with a thought, and quickly opened the eye of the Dao, and went to detect it...

[Devil God]: Gun God

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the God King

[Combat strength]: 18 billion stars

[Avenue]: The avenue of water, the avenue of the heart

[Characteristic]: The guardian demon of the low-grade special secret realm

"Hey~! 18 billion star combat power!"

The anode body involuntarily sucked in a breath of cold air.

This Demon God is extremely powerful, and has mastered the power of two avenues.

One of them is the innate avenue - the avenue of the heart!

And he only has a combat power of 14.53 billion stars!

What's more troublesome is that he can't display the 'Dharma Phase Golden Body' yet, because he is not in a complete state.

Only after he and the extremely yin body are combined and unique, can he display his strong trump card "Dharma Phase Golden Body", which will skyrocket 40% of his combat power.

Now it seems that he has no hope!

The extremely yin body has been forcibly sent out by the secret realm, and he cannot come in again. He has to face this devil alone!

However, it is absolutely impossible to let the polar body just give up!

With such a big opportunity in front of him, how could he give up?

Not to mention the god-level spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits all over the island, even the 16th-grade Pure World White Lotus, he had to get his hands on it!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body waved!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw the golden light flashing in front of him!

The Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Sword, the Book of the World, and the Heaven-Suppressing Divine Wing appeared out of thin air!

In the next second, his mind moved!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Sword, and the Zhentian Divine Wing have all equipped their bodies one after another!

The book of this world turned into a golden light and poured into his body!

In just an instant, he completed the integration of human and machine, and his momentum skyrocketed!

In the blink of an eye, his combat power has skyrocketed to 15 billion stars, which is exactly the same as the mask energy level!

When he was ready, Ji Yang's body looked at the time again. There were still about 22 minutes left in the time he could stay in this secret territory.

In other words, he must kill the gun **** below within 22 minutes!

Otherwise, he would have no chance to get the treasures on the island!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body no longer hesitates, and it is about to break the mask...Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

It was at this moment that Gun God seemed to have a feeling, and finally opened his eyes from the meditation, and looked up above his head...

I saw a human, holding a long sword, hovering outside the mask.

He was suddenly shocked and angry!

This **** human, when he was comprehending the Great Dao, quietly came to the sky above his old lair.

But in the next second, the angry look on his face disappeared, instead showing a look of doubt!

Uh~!

How can this human be in the False God Realm?

Can an ant in the False God realm come here too?

Through the protective mask, he could not sense the combat power and momentum of the Jiyang body, but he could use the 'detection technique' to spy out the realm of the Jiyang body!

But when this detection came out, he was a little stunned!

In his eyes, the False God Realm is an ant-like existence, and he can kill it with a single breath, which is not worthy of attention at all!

Ha ha!

It seems that this ant came here by mistake and disrupted his cleaning!

The **** thing is that his enlightenment is reaching a critical moment, and he can't stop there.

Otherwise, his 100 days of insights will be forfeited!

This human being is really abominable, to come and make trouble at this critical moment!

Gun God glanced at Ji Yang's body in disgust!

After hesitating for a while, he closed his eyes again, but he didn't pay any attention to Ji Yang's body.

God Gun dared to act like this, but he didn't take Ji Yang's body seriously in his heart!

In his opinion, it's just an ant in the False God realm!

No matter how strong it is, it would be great to have the strength of the Lord God Realm!

But that kind of strength can't break the barrier mask he arranged at all, so it won't disturb his retreat.

Just give him another minute, and he will be able to understand that rhyme!

At that time, he will come to clean up this **** human!

With this in mind, God Gun continued to retreat!