Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It was at this moment that Ji Yang's body shot!

Swah~!

With all his strength, he slashed towards the mask in front of him!

Gun God instantly felt something!

He still closed his eyes, but the corners of his mouth curled slightly, revealing a sneer of disdain!

It's ridiculous that this human being, who doesn't know how to live or die, wants to attack his barrier! !

His enchantment, without an attack of more than 15 billion stars, is absolutely impossible to break!

How could an ant in the False God realm be broken?

Gun God sneered in his heart, and continued to retreat and comprehend...

hum~!

It was at this moment that the Heavenly Fortune Sword lit up with golden light!

Blessed with the power of endless chaos!

The momentum of that sword instantly soared by 300 million stars, reaching 15.3 billion stars!

Swish~!

Ten thousand feet of sword light!

Fall from the sky!

Violently slashed above the enchantment!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The whole island is shaking!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

After that, the barrier began to give birth to cracks!

Kacha~!

The last bang!

The barrier shattered!

Gun God suddenly opened his eyes and looked at Ji Yang body in disbelief!

how can that be? !

A human in the False God realm broke his barrier!

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed it at all!

At this moment, he could no longer be calm, and a monstrous anger surged in his heart!

"Little thief! You are courting death!"

Boom~!

Gun God instantly soared into the sky!

Go straight to the anode body and kill it!

How dare you attack his lair!

He's going to kill this **** human!

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front, punching directly at Jiyang's body!

That punch slammed out, and the world trembled!

Thousands of feet of void, shattered inch by inch, and the momentum covered the sky and the earth, suddenly surpassing 18 billion stars!

This Demon God's attack method is also extraordinary, and it can surpass his own combat power!

Ji Yang's body was horrified, and he didn't dare to take it hard!

But the attack of that punch is approaching!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Just as the punch was approaching, Gun God's fish-scale fist automatically gave birth to a claw sword and turned into a dragon claw!

The attack momentum of that punch is also skyrocketing, reaching 19 billion stars in a blink of an eye, and its power is terrifying!

huh~!

At this moment, the ontology of the polar yang suddenly disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~!

That punch is empty!

Bombarded until the void burst!

A black hole in space with a width of 10,000 feet exploded!

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body appeared behind Gun God and slashed towards his back with a sword!

That sword was fast and urgent!

Directly split the void!

Gun God was shocked!

Swish~!

That sword has already fallen, directly slashing on his back!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

It was cut in half with just one sword!

But without waiting for the positive body to be happy, the mutation happened again!

The corpse that was split in half turned into countless water droplets, and reassembled into a human shape, instantly turning into a gun god.

That is Gun God's 'water body', a secret technique derived from the avenue of water

With the "water body" in his body, he is not afraid of being chopped by others.

If the attack power does not exceed 300 million stars, even if he hits him a hundred times, it will not hurt him in the slightest!

But the attack power of 300 million stars is the level of the middle stage of the **** king!

The attack power of this human being in front of him is only 15.3 billion stars, and it can't hurt him at all!

Thinking of this, Gun God looked at Ji Yang's body proudly!

"Humans! It's ridiculous to want to hurt the deity even with your attack power! Don't think that you can kill the deity by surprise if you pretend to be in the False God realm!"

"Tell you the truth! As far as the strength of your primary human **** king is concerned, few can be the opponents of this deity! You are no exception!"

At this moment, Gun God actually thought that Ji Yang's body was disguised as a realm, it was not the False God realm, but the initial stage of the God King!

Ji Yang's body is naturally too lazy to justify.

At this moment, he was anxious in his heart, secretly thinking that this demon **** is not easy to kill!

That 'water body' is more difficult to break than many defense secrets, even if you attack again and again, it is useless!

what should I do now? Looking at the time again, he only had 21 minutes left.

He must speed up!

At this moment, Gun God sneered: "Human! It's time to send you to **** now!"

As soon as the voice fell, he started a seal!

Om~!

Suddenly, the air between heaven and earth is gone!

In just an instant, everything in the sky and the ground turned into a world of water!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Ji Yang's body was shocked to find that it was surrounded by water!

It was as if the whole world was suddenly filled with water!

At this moment, his whole body is immersed in the water, as if he is in the depths of the sea!

That is the secret technique of the water road - water and sky are the same color!

huh~!

As soon as Shuitian Yishe was finished, Gun God slaughtered it again!

In this world of water, his speed was terrifyingly fast, like a flash of lightning.

Wherever he passed, the water layer automatically separated, and automatically formed a water potential, pushing him forward.

This makes his speed three points faster than in the air!

The so-called fish in water, nothing more than this!

In just a split second, he came to the front, and punched again!

Jiyang's body is about to dodge and dodge!

But he was horrified to find that the entire water world had formed a huge resistance to the flow of water, pressing him in place, making it difficult to move, and it was too late to avoid 2.

Immediately, he was about to perform teleportation, and was horrified to find that it was invalid!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body is instantly enlightened!

Gun God displayed 'Shui Tian Yi Se' to break his teleportation.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the Gun God attacked!

That shocking punch came!

Comparable to the 19 billion star combat power momentum, it directly locks the Jiyang body, making it unavoidable!

Jiyang's body had to raise his sword to meet it!

Swish~!

The sword light flashed!

Welcome to the giant fist!

The momentum of that sword instantly reached 15.3 billion stars!

At this moment, Gunshen's eyes were full of ridicule and disdain!

With such an attacking power, how could he resist his punch!

He is confident that with this punch, he will definitely be able to severely damage the body of Jiyang!

After all, there is a difference of 4 billion stars between the attacks on both sides!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Om~!

That day, the Sword of Fortune suddenly lit up with a shocking silver light!

3790 times the luck value instantly blessing it!

The power of that sword has skyrocketed, reaching 17 billion stars in an instant!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

Ji Yang's body snorted and was blasted away thousands of feet!