Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

But in the next second, he stabilized his body and was completely intact!

Gun God was immediately dumbfounded!

Chapter 813: Heart Controls the World! I am the only one!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

The water world is cracking!

Ji Yang's body snorted and was blasted away thousands of feet!

But in the next second, he stabilized his body and was completely intact!

Gun God was immediately dumbfounded!

There was no merit in his punch!

It turned out that Ji Yang's body not only soared in the power of the sword, but also instantly released the whole body, and thus resisted the remaining power of that punch.

Although Ji Yang can't display the golden body of the law, the Tongtian Ba ​​body is not affected.

In this way, he will naturally be able to easily catch that blow!

Gun God has nothing to do with this!

"Damn!"

Gun God roared angrily and slaughtered it again!

huh~!

At that moment, he was like lightning in the water, killing him in the blink of an eye!

Boom~!

Gun God slammed his fist again!

At that moment, his whole aura suddenly changed greatly, his eyes became extremely determined, and the depths of his eyes exuded the meaning of self-respect!

Om~!

In just a moment, the meaning of heaven and earth has entered into his body, and the power of heaven and earth can be used to its fullest!

Gun God's aura has skyrocketed wildly, his whole body lit up with dazzling silver light!

At that moment, he seemed to be the ruler of this world!

The power of heaven and earth is for him!

In the blink of an eye, his momentum skyrocketed to 200 million stars, just reaching the threshold of the middle stage of the God King, extremely terrifying!

It turned out that he launched a secret technique - mind control the world!

Mind control world!

My heart is my heart!

My heart is heaven and earth!

It can control the power of one side of the world for its own use, so that its own strength soars by 10%!

This is the secret technique derived from the "Way of the Heart"!

The avenue of the heart, one of the innate avenues, has unparalleled power!

That is also another avenue mastered by God Gun!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the power of those 19 punches skyrocketed to 21 billion stars, still surpassing Gun God's own combat power.

Ji Yang's body is horrified!

But don't wait for him to think about it, the mutation regenerates!

Om~!

At that moment, Gun God's aura changed drastically again!

In front of him there is only the goal of the polar body!

As if everything in the world no longer exists!

That is the supernatural power of the true meaning of the heart - a knowing strike!

In just an instant, the punch's momentum suddenly doubled. Suddenly reaching 42 billion stars, the power will destroy the world!

The anode body is terrifying!

Such a terrifying punch would definitely blow him up!

But at this moment, his breath has been locked by Gun God!

He wants to avoid but can't, wants to teleport but can't, he can only confront this blow head-on!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for Ji Yang's body to think about it, that punch has already been killed!

Wherever his fist style passed, the sky and the earth cracked and the world shattered!

The power is terrifying to the extreme!

That Gun God's eyes were full of grins!

At this moment, he looked at Ji Yang's body as if he was looking at a dead person!

He doesn't believe it, this punch can't kill this little thief? !

hey~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body sighed in the bottom of his heart, and had to raise his sword to meet it!

He also launched a knowing blow!

At that moment, his breath changed greatly, and there was only the target in front of him!

Heaven and earth are only me, all things are spiritual!

Everything between heaven and earth is static in his eyes!

Om~!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand lit up with a shocking white light, and the momentum continued to skyrocket, doubling in an instant, suddenly reaching 34 billion stars, and heading towards Gun God!

In just a moment, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~~!

A world-destroying bang!

The world collapsed instantly!

Ji Yang's body let out a miserable roar, and was blasted to the point of vomiting blood and flying upside down, and rolled out a million feet away!

After a while, he stabilized his figure, his body was cracked inch by inch, blood seeped from the crack, dyed his armor and clothes, and also dyed the surrounding waters!

He was just a mile away from his physical collapse!

34 billion star attacks against 42 billion stars!

It's a huge difference!

If he hadn't had the Heaven-penetrating Hegemonic Body, he would have been blasted by that punch long ago!

"Hey! It wasn't bombed!"

Gun God exclaimed!

Ji Yang's super defense once again shocked him!

What surprised him even more was that this human also mastered the 'Knowing Strike'!

Otherwise, this human can't resist that punch!

Om~!

At this moment, the body of Jiyang lit up with blue light!

The laws of life work!

His injuries are starting to recover!

However, his injury recovery is very slow!

Injured by the power of the Great Dao, the law of life can no longer be restored instantly, and can only repair the injury slowly!

At this time, Gun God noticed that Ji Yang's body was repairing his injuries, and he was immediately shocked and angry!

How could he restore the anode body? !

huh~!

Another dodge, Gun God once again killed Ji Yang's body!

In just a split second, he was near.

However, the injury of Ji Yang's body has only recovered to 50%, and the combat power has only reached 13 billion stars, which is far less than the peak period!

Boom~!

Another shocking punch!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The sky trembled!

The world is only me!

Heaven and Earth Sovereign!

That turned out to be a knowing blow!

The attack power of that punch once again reached 42 billion stars!

It turned out that if you mastered the 'Avenue of Heart', you can perform 'Knowing Strike' three times in a row within ten seconds!

Qin Feng has not yet mastered the avenue of the heart, and can only deliver a knowing strike within ten seconds!

That's the difference!

In the blink of an eye, the earth-shattering punch was approaching!

Ji Yang's face changed greatly!

He couldn't resist this punch at his peak, not to mention he was seriously injured now!

What's even more terrifying is that he has been unable to perform a heart attack to offset most of the attack power.

This punch, if he is hit, it will definitely die!

Is this time

correct!

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and he thought of something in an instant.

In the next breath, his mind moved, and he sacrificed a quaint book.

That is exactly the Book from the Ground that he obtained from the ‘Devil Stygian’ before!

Om~!

Book now!

Bloom golden light!

huh~!

In the next breath, the book on the ground turned into golden light and poured into his body!

At this moment, he took a slight step to the left!

Swish~!