Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Kill them all!

Qin Feng dodged, like a swimming fish, and came to the ice stone.

I saw that the ice stone was the size of a grinding disc. When I touched its surface, it was chilling to the bone. It was indeed a strange thing.

He observed the ice stone again and found that it grew on the lake bed and needed to be mined to obtain it.

Immediately, he exchanged a mining **** from the resource warehouse and started mining.

【You got a Frost Stone +1】

Ha ha!

Get it!

At this point, all the materials are gathered!

Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the creation panel and press 'one-click upgrade'.

[One-click upgrade to start! 】

【You consumed 20 units of wood! 】

【You consumed 10 units of stone! 】

【You consumed 2 units of animal fur! 】

【You consumed 1 unit of iron ore! 】

【You have consumed 1 ice stone! 】

【Your novice cabin has been upgraded from level 1 to level 2 successfully! 】

[Level 2 Novice Cabin: In the non-sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is tripled; in the sleep state, the recovery speed is quadrupled; the house has a calming effect. 】

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of Heaven and getting 100 attribute rewards! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

A beam of light descended from the sky, penetrated the water of the thousand-foot lake, and landed on Qin Feng's head...

His stats are soaring, and he has increased by 100 points in a blink of an eye!

Another big bonus!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

At this moment, an announcement resounded throughout the village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has upgraded the novice wooden house to level 2, obtained the blessing of heaven and rewarded it with 100 attributes. 】

Boom~!

At this moment, cheers rang out from all corners of the village.

The chat channel is also hilarious!

"Haha! The boss's cabin has been upgraded! The boss's cabin has been upgraded to level 2!"

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng is too powerful!"

"Fantastic! We have completed three of the five prerequisites for a level 1 village."

"Yeah! At present, there are only 100 wooden houses of level 1 or above. There are still 10 strong people above level 10!"

"There are 78 Grade 1 wooden houses in our village, plus the boss's Grade 2 wooden houses, there are 79 total, and there are still 21 to meet the standard!"

"Haha! Brothers, victory is in sight!"

"Yeah! Work hard! We will do our best! Boss Qin Feng has done everything he should do, and we can't hold him back!"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Fighting! Fighting! I am desperately chopping wood! Try to get the first-class wooden houses in our village to reach the upgrade standard before noon!"

"Haha! Aspiration! I'm also quarrying!"

At this moment, everyone's blood boiled and they became more energetic.

Qin Feng's successive upgrades gave them the greatest encouragement.

The top ten masters such as Liu Xuan, Longshan and Wu Yong felt the pressure and worked harder to upgrade.

At the same time, near the Bone Wilderness.

Lei Jue held a long spear and pulled it out from a level 10 beast.

Just now, he rose to level 8.

This made him surpass Longshan and Wu Yong in one fell swoop and become the third-ranked existence on the ranking list.

He can level up so quickly, thanks to the long spear in his hand.

That was a Tier 3 weapon he got when he opened the bronze treasure chest, with the effect of enhancing the power of lightning.

This long spear suits him so well, it drives him crazy with joy!

But it didn't take long for him to be happy, the news of Qin Feng's upgrade of the wooden house came.

"Boss Qin Feng is really a genius! He can always accomplish things that others have spent countless efforts to accomplish in a very short period of time, even if he doesn't admire him!"

"I have to work hard too, or I'll be a hindrance to Boss Qin Feng!"

After Lei Jue sighed, he left in a hurry and continued to kill monsters and upgrade...

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, the 9321st District ‘Yongye Village’.

Inside a level 1 novice house.

Dracula, the blood prince, listened to the reports of his subordinates while drinking a glass of fine wine leisurely.

In that leisurely look, there is an indomitable arrogance.

He was the first expert in the Blue Star Realm to establish a village.

This vanity alone is enough to make him flutter.

He didn't know that although Qin Feng was the fifth person to establish a village, Qin Feng's mission was more valuable than him, and he received more rewards than him.

At this moment, Dracula took a sip of wine and looked at the two subordinates beside him.

Those were two blood race marquis, both extremely powerful.

This time, Tiandao's assignment to the village will arrange more than a hundred blood clan children for their village.

In addition to his prince, there is also a duke, two marquis, and dozens of earls.

This is an extremely large force!

"My dear John, how is it?"

Dracula looked at one of the marquis.

"Your Majesty, we have already completed the first embrace for the whole village. Now the 914 people in the whole village have become the children of our blood clan."

Dracula nodded with a smile: "Yes! Not bad! Those ordinary villagers have become our blood clan, and their strength will become stronger. Our Yongye Village will soon become the strongest force in the Blue Star Realm!"

Then, he added: "Next, our goal is to enter the top three in the village upgrade competition."

John respectfully said: "Your Majesty, this competition is very difficult! We need to upgrade the village to level 3 before the end of the novice assessment. We have less than five days left, but we are still a level 0 village. "

Dracula smiled proudly: "Oh! Dear John! Our Evernight Village should be the strongest village in the Blue Star Realm. If we can't do it, other villages will certainly not be able to."

"By the way, when the village was established, Tiandao announced the information of the top 100 villages. If anyone could threaten our Yongye Village, it would only be the top five villages."

John immediately said: "Your Majesty, Your Majesty, when Tiandao announced the information, I secretly made records and recorded the top five."

"The first place is our Yongye Village, the second place is Wuzhuangguan Village, the third place is Guangming Village, the fourth place is Fantian Village, and the fifth place is Longyuan Village."

Dracula put down the glass happily: "Dear John, you are always so shrewd and capable. Well, the second place Wuzhuangguan Village has a very strange name, I don't know what it is."

"The third place is Guangming Village. I hate it when I hear the name. I don't know if it was made by those guys in the church."

"The fourth Brahma Village, the name should be from Asanguo. There are many powerful ascetic monks in Asanguo, and this is a formidable opponent."

"As for the fifth Longyuan Village, listening to this name, it is likely to be from the Eastern Dragon Country. Their country likes to call themselves the descendants of the dragon."

"However, those oriental people have always been very thin, and they are not worth mentioning. There is a high probability that their village has a superb master, but this will not change their overall sick man genes."

"In my opinion, among the top five villages, the one that poses the least threat to us is Longyuan Village."

Dracula analyzed it self-righteously.

John quickly echoed: "Your Majesty, Your Majesty, my thoughts are the same as yours!"

Dracula smiled proudly: "John, act! We must race against time to raise the village to level 3 as soon as possible. This time, this prince will make the name of Evernight Village resound throughout the Blue Star Realm!"

"Yes! His Majesty!"

A group of vampires were extremely excited, as if victory was in sight.

At the same time, in every corner of the Blue Star Realm, hundreds of forces that had established villages were racing against time to upgrade.

Everyone wants to be in the top ten, or even the top three.

That was the last benefit that Tiandao gave to the Blue Star people during the novice period.

In the future, it will be difficult for them to encounter such an opportunity again.

Therefore, no force is willing to miss it!

An invisible competition is going on in this way...

At the same time, at the bottom of the Autumn Lake.

Qin Feng was rewarded with 100 attribute points and was in a good mood.

However, he wasted no time.

Now is the village upgrade competition, and time is precious.

In just a moment, he cleared the battlefield.

More than 30 giant tortoises, let him extract the full amount, and get 6 attribute points.

General Turtle asked him to extract 3 attribute points.

These are also a harvest.

Later, he donated the tortoise corpses, and was pleasantly surprised to find that donating the corpse of an iron-backed tortoise would get 0.4 contribution points.

The corpse of General Turtle gets 1 contribution point.

After this donation, he actually got 14 contribution points.

It can be seen that killing monsters and donating corpses is also a good way to obtain contribution points.

After dealing with those trivial matters, he continued to look for the King of the One-Horned Spinning Turtle.

When he killed General Tortoise just now, that guy wanted to escape in a certain direction.

I'm afraid that the Turtle King is mostly in that direction.

After all, when the weak are in danger, they will subconsciously turn to the strong for help.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng rushed in that direction.

His judgment was correct.

Half an hour later, he found a huge tortoise colony with more than 700 giant tortoises.

In the center of the tortoise group, there is a giant tortoise with silver sharp horns on its head and a body length of ten feet, like a three-story building.

That is Qin Feng's mission goal - the one-horned tortoise king.

But in the next second, Qin Feng was shocked by the scene near the one-horned tortoise king.

Chapter 101 Take the Turtle King's Head in the Chaos

I saw that on the lake bed under the Turtle King, pieces of ice stones the size of grinding discs were lined up like a star.

A rough look, a full two hundred yuan!

Wow~!

So many ice rocks!

Qin Feng's eyes flashed with excitement.