Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This half-step, he instantly appeared thousands of feet away!

That is exactly the space skill given by "Book from the Ground"-shrinking the ground into an inch!

Gun God's Shuitian Yishi can restrain teleportation, but he cannot restrain the ground from shrinking into an inch!

Between these two space skills, the effect is similar, but the essential difference is very big!

One is space jump, and the other is changing space size!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

That punch hit the air instantly!

A space black hole was blown up again in situ!

Thousands of feet away, Ji Yang's body can feel the terrifying power of that punch!

However, he finally avoided it!

"Damn!"

Gun God was also very surprised!

He also didn't expect that in his own water world, Jiyang's body could teleport!

He didn't know that it wasn't teleportation, it was shrinking into an inch!

"Little thief! How long can you hold on to this deity?"

huh~!

Gun God once again slaughtered the body of Jiyang!

In the blink of an eye, he came close again!

Boom~!

Another devastating punch!

Swish~!

The anode body shrank into an inch again, and easily avoided it!

In this way, the two sides are entangled!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Gun God bombarded more than a dozen times in a row, all of which were easily avoided by Ji Yang's body!

This made him furious!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body finally fully recovered from the injury and returned to its peak!

However, the duration of his shrinking into an inch is approaching its limit!

It turns out that the skill that shrinks into an inch cannot be used all the time!

For every ten seconds of use, the skill cools down for ten minutes!

"Little thief! How long can you hold on to this deity?"

It was at this moment that Gun God came again!

He can also see that the shrinking of the body of Jiyang is not a skill that can be continuously displayed!

He is a god-king-level demon god, and he is well-informed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, Gun God came to the front!

Boom~!

It was another punch that destroyed the sky and destroyed the earth, slamming into the face!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body started a seal!

Om~!

Skill activated!

Time stands still!

In just an instant, the invisible power of time was exerted on Gun God!

For a moment, everything between heaven and earth is still!

Gun God was also frozen in place, like a statue!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But in the next second, the space around him cracked, and the time imprisonment was about to be broken!

It turned out that the powerhouse who had mastered the power of the Great Dao greatly reduced its effect when time stood still!

Ordinary people will be locked in place for one second when time is still frozen!

But a strong man who has mastered the power of the Dao can be held for half a second!

The more power of the Dao you master, the more resistant you are to the law of time!

Seeing that Gun God was about to break the ban, Ji Yang's body quickly shrank to an inch, and instantly came behind Gun God!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he slashed with all his strength and slashed towards his back!

At the same moment, he launched a knowing strike again!

Om~!

At that moment, his temperament changed greatly!

Heaven and earth!

I am the only one!

Swah~!

The piercing sword light suddenly lit up!

The power of that sword doubled, and the power reached 34 billion stars again!

Kacha~!

It was at this moment that Gun God broke free from the imprisonment of time standing still!

However, he didn't have time to avoid that sword!

Gun God is not worried, instead, the corners of his mouth are slightly raised, and his eyes show disdain!

His 'water body' cannot hurt him without breaking the 300 million star combat power.

And that is in normal state, it takes more than 3 star combat power to hit him hard!

Today, he is still in the state of blessing of "Heart Controls the World", and the body of the water element has also been strengthened!

As long as the combat power does not exceed 35 billion stars, it is impossible to hurt him in the slightest!

This little thief's attack is only 34 billion stars, and he hasn't reached the level of hitting him!

If so, why should he panic?

Thinking of this, Gun God not only did not dodge, but turned around, wanting to take advantage of this to fight back!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the sea of ​​​​knowledge of Ji Yang's body, suddenly there was a roaring sound that shook the earth!

A monstrous avenue of power poured into his body

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (devouring), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of Devouring Dao, and your combat power +100 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow—devouring the avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +200 million stars]

[Your 'chaos space' has been successfully integrated with the Devouring Avenue, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 200 million stars for the power of heaven and earth]

Chapter 814 Kill Gun God! The ultimate blessing!

Extremely positive body rejoice!

He actually realized the Devouring Avenue at this moment!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, his combat power skyrocketed by 500 million stars!

The power of that sword just reached 35 billion stars under the blessing of 'Knowing Strike', the power is extremely terrifying!

Gun God also instantly sensed the change!

His face changed slightly with fright!

But in the next breath, he sensed that the power of that sword only reached 35 billion stars, which is the limit of the body of the water phase, and it has not yet reached the level of destroying its body!

If you want to break his 'water body', you must have a combat power of more than 35 billion stars!

This kind of combat power, he can still bear it!

At this thought, Gun God breathed a sigh of relief!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

In the sea of ​​​​knowledge of Jiyang's body, a reminder came again...

[Reminder: You have refined the 'Ancestral Talisman of Power', your power law has been promoted from A level to S level, and you have been blessed with the power of 10,000 laws]

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, the momentum of Jiyang's body soared again!

The power of that sword suddenly increased to 35.2 billion stars!

Just over the threshold of 35 billion stars!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Huh~! This is…

Gun Shen suddenly felt bad!

Swish~!

At this moment, that shocking sword slashed down!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Gun God's body was instantly split in half!

roar~!

Painful roar!

Echoing in the void!

That super attack power exceeds the limit of the body of water!

This time, Gun God's body did not turn into countless water droplets.

The two halves of the corpse tumbled in the water!

But in the next second, the corpse exploded, instantly turning into two blood mists, and automatically fused together.

In just an instant, the blood mist formed a human shape, and the God of Gun was about to be resurrected!

Although the sword of Ji Yang's body broke his water body, it could not kill him!

want to kill him!