Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Is it so easy? !

In the blink of an eye, the human-shaped blood mist turned into a semi-atomized state, the hands and feet of the human body had condensed out, and it was about to be resurrected!

It was at this moment that the center of Ji Yang's main body suddenly opened, and the pupil of the **** of punishment appeared!

huh~!

In the next breath, an incomparably dazzling golden light shot out from the pupil of the gods and bombarded the blood mist!

puff~!

A soft sound!

The divine light of punishment instantly penetrated the blood mist!

"Ah~~!"

The painful roar resounded again!

The human-shaped blood mist burst into pieces!

Seeing this, Jiyang body is overjoyed!

His divine light of punishment is the nemesis of all souls!

Before, Gun God relied on the body of the water phase, and even if it was split in half, it could turn into countless water droplets.

Its soul body is hidden in any drop of water and cannot be detected!

Now, his water body was broken, the position of his soul body was exposed, and he was hit by the polar body!

However, after the blood mist dissipated, it quickly gathered together and formed a human shape again!

Gun God wants to be resurrected!

After all, he is the existence of the king of the gods, and his soul body is extremely powerful!

Even if the Holy Light of Heavenly Punishment is the soul nemesis, it cannot be defeated with one blow!

huh~!

But without waiting for the resurrection of God Gun, Ji Yang's body once again spurted out a divine light of punishment!

Boom~!

The blood mist dissipated again!

The painful roar came out from the blood mist again!

The soul power fluctuations in the blood fog were obviously weaker!

The anode body has seized the opportunity!

How can he resurrect Gun God?

In this way, after the blood mist collapsed, it began to gather again!

huh~! huh~!

Ji Yang's body shot out the holy light of punishment again and again, defeating the blood mist again and again, making Gun God unable to revive!

Terrible roar!

Constantly echoing over the island!

That Gun God's soul aura also plummeted all the way...

At the same time, in the secret territory, in the air near the sea.

At this moment, Emperor Jin is staring blankly at the direction of Ji Yang's body!

The two sides are too far apart!

Emperor Jin couldn't see the depths of the ocean, there was a great battle going on, and he couldn't hear the sound caused by the battle!

However, the energy fluctuations caused by the battle had spread hundreds of millions of miles away.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

It was at this moment that Emperor Jin sensed that waves of power were coming from the depths of the ocean!

It seems that someone is fighting in the depths of the ocean, and the fighting is very fierce!

"Is it 々 "…"

Jindi frowned in thought!

"Damn it! It must be those two guys who came first, and what guardian beasts are fighting! I want to see who is the first one?"

Jin Di snorted coldly, then flashed his figure and rushed towards the location of Ji Yang's body!

At this moment, his face was full of resentment, and his tone revealed monstrous anger!

He has wandered around in this low-grade special secret territory for more than ten minutes, but he has found nothing!

Not to mention encountering a special guardian beast and obtaining a fragment of the Innate Dao Crystal.

He didn't even see the shadow of a single spirit grass, so he was empty-handed!

However, the battle traces he found were as many as a dozen.

There are also dozens of places where various spirit flowers, spirit grass, and spirit fruits are picked!

It's just that those resources have been taken first by others, and he didn't even leave the soup for him!

Obviously, all this was done by the two people who arrived before him!

This time, he wanted to see who came ahead of him?

Thinking of this, Emperor Jin quickened his speed and rushed towards the giant island...

But on the other side, Ji Yang's body is still blasting blood mist!

In a blink of an eye, he blasted out dozens of divine light of punishment!

huh~!

At this moment, he inspired another holy light of divine punishment, penetrating the blood mist again!

puff~!

A soft sound!

Mixed with a terrifying roar!

"Little... thief! You... must not die!"

Click~!

Then, there was a loud bang!

It's like the sound of a glass bottle breaking!

Gun God's soul body was finally unable to support it, and was shattered by a single blow!

Boom~!

Suddenly, the world of 'water and sky' collapsed!

Endless sea water fades away!

The world is restored!

The islands below are all wet!

And the blood mist transformed by God Gun also began to turn into little stars, dissipating everywhere...

"Hoo~! It's finally beheaded!"

Ji Yang's body finally breathed a sigh of relief!

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew out of those starlights and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing Gun God (early stage of the God King), obtaining +6770 trillion energy points, +13000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Gun God (early stage of God King), and a crystal of the Tao of Heart exploded]

[You succeeded in killing Gun God (early stage of God King), and 3 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state) exploded]

【Your level is promoted to level 83】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 76 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

Levels and vocations are upgraded!

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

Overjoyed!

What made him even more delighted was that the treasure that Gun God burst out was really rich!

He actually exploded 3 chaotic treasure chests (incomplete state)!

This plus the 3 in the hands of the very negative body, that's 6.

This is another big step forward from synthesizing a complete treasure chest!

What makes him most delighted is that piece of the Tao of Heart Crystal!

Thinking of this, he waved to the front!

The three treasure chests automatically flew in front of him.

As soon as Ji Yang's body moved, it was taken into the chaotic space.

Then, he waved again, and a silver spar flew in front of him, the size of an egg, exuding an amazing Dao rhythm!

[Dao Crystal of the Heart (incomplete body): Fortune-level, innate class, contains 50% of the Dao rhythm of the Dao of the Heart]

[Reminder: Only by mastering the true meaning of SSS-level heart can it be refined]

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body laughed.

Before the very yin body, 50 innate Dao crystal fragments (hearts) were obtained, containing a total of 50% Dao rhyme.

The 50 pieces of Innate Dao Crystal are combined with this 'Heart Dao Crystal', that is a complete Heart Dao Crystal!

As long as he refines it, he can obtain the innate avenue - the avenue of the heart!

Thinking of this, the anode body is extremely satisfied!

Then, when he thought about it, he sent the 'Heart's Dao Crystal' into the chaotic space, and let the mind body refine it...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a Heart Crystal, your points will increase by +150 points, and your current accumulated points will be 252 points]

Boom~!

Ji Yang's body was shocked!

Overjoyed!

Such an Innate Dao Crystal actually increased him by 150 points!

Now, his total points have reached 252 points, and he can directly enter the special secret realm of the middle grade!

I didn't expect it!

Just by killing a god-king-level demon god, the harvest is so great!

Extremely satisfied with the anode body!

Om~!

It was at this moment that the long sword in his hand shook and lit up with a faint aura...

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of the ‘Gun God’, and your luck value is +87 times]

Huh~!

There is even luck in killing this demon!

The anode body is full of surprises again!

He killed so many guardian beasts, and none of them had luck!

This Gun God not only has luck, but also 87 times!

As a result, his luck value has reached 3877 times, a huge increase!