Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It can be seen that the guardian demon gods in the secret realm are very unusual!

Of course, his harvest is not only that!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looked at the pool in the center of the island!

In the next second, he dodged and reached the sky above the pool.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

I saw a white lotus grow in the center of the pool, with sixteen petals, the texture is like jade, white and flawless, and the rays of the sun are shining!

The white mist surging around it, immortal aura lingered around it, and it looked extremely sacred!

As soon as the body of Jiyang approached, I smelled a fragrance of lotus flowers, which directly refreshed my heart, and every hair on my body was open, and it was very Tongtai!

[White Lotus of the Pure World (16th grade): Fortune grade, a wonder of heaven and earth, contains the avenue of longevity]

This is a real treasure!

As soon as Ji Yang's body beckoned, the Pure World White Lotus trembled slightly, slowly floated up from the pool, and automatically flew in front of him.

He couldn't put it down and watched it for a while, and then he was put into the chaotic space!

Just like that, another good fortune treasure has arrived!

Then, he looked at the water in the pool again!

I saw that those pools of water have been releasing traces of white spiritual energy, forming a thick spiritual mist on the surface of the pool, which is very extraordinary at first glance...

As soon as his heart moved, he probed towards the pool...

[Jade Liquid Lingchi: The best god-level, innate blessed land only]

[This pool can automatically absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, condensing the 'jade liquid' full of the pool]

[Jade liquid: mid-grade god-level spiritual liquid, which can be used to cultivate various spiritual things, and can also be drunk directly! 】

[Reminder: If you fuse this blessed land 'Jade Liquid Lingchi' with another blessed land 'Gorgeous Jelly Pool', you can get the fortune-level blessed land 'Yaochi']

The anode body is both surprised and delighted!

He did not expect that this Lingchi was actually a rare blessed land! .

Chapter 815 Endless Devouring! Soaring strength!

Immediately, Ji Yang's body started a seal!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the island shook!

The Lingchi with a radius of 10,000 zhang slowly rose from the ground.

After the entire spiritual pond, it was completely floated into the air.

As soon as his mind moved, the huge spiritual pond turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

That was taken into the chaotic space by the polar body!

At this point, he has obtained a top-quality blessed land!

Not to mention anything else, it is an unimaginable wealth that the 'Jade Liquid Spirit Pond' can endlessly produce 'Jade Liquid'.

Although those jade liquids are useless to him, they can be used to train subordinates!

All of Long Yuan's 100,000 disciples can take refining, which can greatly enhance their strength.

At the same time, those jade liquids can also be used to cultivate spirit flowers, spirit grass, and spirit fruits!

At the thought of spirit flowers, spirit grass, and spirit fruits, Ji Yang's body quickly looked up to the whole island!

This island is overgrown with spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits, all of which are at the level of gods. There are tens of thousands of them. It is simply a huge treasure trove!

"So many spirit flowers and spirit grass!"

The anode body shines in both eyes!

Then, he wanted to seize the time to pick!

what! correct!

Suddenly, his heart moved, as if thinking of something!

It turned out that when he had an epiphany about the 'Devouring the Great Way', he also awakened an innate supernatural power - Lingzhi Devouring.

[Lingzhi Swallowing (Elementary): You can use the power of the 'Devouring Dao' to directly devour Lingzhi's source aura below the high-grade **** rank, and turn it into its own combat power, which is not affected by the upper limit]

With Qin Feng's current strength, he originally only had to refine high-grade god-level spirits, which had some effect on him.

According to the introduction of the magical power of 'Spirit Plant Devouring', he seems to be able to break through this limitation.

As long as you use this magical power, you can absorb the original aura of those spiritual plants and turn it into your own combat power!

Even a mid-grade god-level spirit can be of some use to him!

In that case, he might as well give it a try!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body quickly moved a seal!

Om~!

In the next second, a faint black light lit up his whole body, and the color became darker and darker!

Moments later, he formed a human-shaped 780 black hole!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the monstrous devouring power covered the entire island...

Immediately afterwards, those spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits below the high-grade **** rank withered and fell off at a speed visible to the naked eye, some turned into dust, and some turned into dust!

Not only those spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual fruits of the god-level, but even those ninth-order, eighth-order...even ordinary plants, withered at a speed visible to the naked eye and turned into dust

At the same time, thousands of spiritual plants' original energy poured into the human-shaped black hole...

In the sea of ​​​​knowledge of Jiyang's body, the reminder of heaven's way constantly sounded...

【Swallowing success! Your combat power +130,000 stars]

【Swallowing success! Your combat power +90,000 stars]

【Swallowing success! Your combat power + 210,000 stars]

This kind of devouring lasted for a few minutes before it ended!

The body of the polar sun has also changed from a human-shaped black hole back to its original appearance...

At this time, he slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He looked up again and looked at the huge island with a radius of thousands of miles. It had become a barren land. There were only 3 spiritual plants of the highest grade of gods, still surviving...

A gust of sea breeze blew, and the three remaining spiritual plants swayed in the wind, looking lonely and desolate!

This devouring power!

Really domineering!

Jiyang has a feeling in his heart!

Afterwards, he opened the panel to check the changes in his own strength...

[Level]: Level 83

[Holy Duty]: Level 76 (Advanced Judgment Supreme)

[Luck]: 3877 times (advanced master of destiny)

[Combat Strength]: 15.37 billion

[Soul Body]: 97.37% in the middle stage of the God King

After reading this, Ji Yang's body showed a happy smile!

He had an epiphany to devour the avenue, and the basic combat power increased to about 15 billion stars!

Now, he has devoured tens of thousands of spiritual plants, and has actually increased the combat power of more than 300 million stars!

In addition, the strength of his soul body has also increased a lot!

I want to come to those spiritual plant sources, some of them can nourish the soul and strengthen the soul!

In short, he has gained too much this time!

Thinking of this, the anode body closed the panel satisfactorily....

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Title reminder: You have mastered 5 avenues, and your reputation has exceeded 100,000 points. You are away from being promoted to junior evangelist, and there is still one unsatisfied condition left.]

[Condition not met: Combat power reaches 200 million stars or more...]

The anode body is very satisfied!

Before he knew it, he had mastered the five avenues.

The five avenues are: the avenue of blood, the avenue of opening the sky, the avenue of swallowing, the avenue of wind, and the avenue of thunder.

Next, as long as he raises his combat power to 200 million stars, he can be promoted to the title!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body raised his head slightly and looked at the three top-grade spiritual plants not far away.

These three spiritual plants cannot be swallowed, they can only be slowly refined.

And the spirits of the best **** rank are of great help to him and cannot be ignored!

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he went to pick the three spiritual plants.

After a while, three spiritual plants were picked!

That was two spirit flowers and one spirit fruit, and it was a good harvest.

After putting away the spirit flower and spirit fruit, and looking back at the body of Jiyang, the entire island has become completely bare and barren, and even an ordinary tree no longer exists!

Everywhere is the mud that has been turned into withered flowers and plants, and the dust turned into by the withered flowers.

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

He finally scoured the place, it's time to leave...

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, Ji Yang's body seemed to sense something and looked up at the sea in the distance...

Under the scan of his consciousness, he saw an old man in a golden robe, rushing towards him...

That old man is the Golden Emperor!

However, he spied on Emperor Jin, and Emperor Jin hadn't found him yet!

Obviously, the divine consciousness of Ji Yang's body is stronger than that of the Golden Emperor!

"This old guy came in too!"

Ji Yang's body sneered and took out the scoring token!

Om~!

The next second, the token lit up with white light, wrapping him around...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You have activated the token! After 10 seconds, you will be teleported out of the secret realm]

【Countdown: 10…9…】

It turned out that players who want to leave the secret realm in advance can also use the token to leave, but they must stay in place for 10 seconds.

Now, Jiyang Ontology doesn't want to meet the Golden Emperor!

As a result, Emperor Jin's strength is probably stronger than that of God Gun!

Second, killing Jindi is not profitable, but a waste of time.

His main goal now is to get all the treasures in the three special secret realms before Qingdi, Zidi and others.

Now, this low-grade secret realm has been wiped clean by him. Naturally, it is necessary to hurry up and leave, rather than entangle with the Golden Emperor.

Just a moment, 10 seconds is up!