Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The anode itself turned into a white light and disappeared in place.

In the next second, he was back in the square!

The square was still empty, not a single figure was there!

All the players are in the secret territory, earning points intensively, and the invisible competitive atmosphere is still very strong.

After all, everyone wants to be in the top 100 and get that generous extra reward!

No one wants to be eliminated from the Holy Land in the first round!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body went to the special secret realm of the middle grade...

In just a moment, he entered the secret realm of the middle grade.

Upon entering the secret realm, he found himself suspended in a starry sky.

In front of him are large meteorites and broken planets, with no end in sight!

It is like a starry sky battlefield, like the starry sky ruins formed after hundreds of planets were bombed...

The entire starry sky ruins look like a slaughter!

With endless killing intent, it makes one's heart chill!

Ji Yang's body couldn't help but take a deep breath!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Players are welcome to enter the mid-level special secret realm, you are the second person to step into this secret realm]

[Holy Land Reminder: Players stay in this secret territory for no more than 30 minutes]

[Time starts now: 0…1…]

Dwell time is still 30 minutes!

There are also fifty special guardian beasts.

The guardian demon is also one!

This information, the anode body has long been known from the cathode body.

As the first entrant, the polar body has the right to obtain information in the secret territory.

The two main bodies are different bodies and concentric, so they know everything at the same time.

However, although there are also 50 special guardian beasts here, their strength is much stronger.

Most of the combat power is between 8 billion and 100 million, and the comprehensive strength is close to the threshold of the king of gods, which is not easy to deal with.

The very yin body entered the secret realm of the middle grade, and it took a quarter of an hour before and after beheading twenty-three.

There are also twenty-seven guardian beasts and a demon **** in the secret territory!

And the residence time of the extremely negative body is only about 14 minutes, and the efficiency is obviously slower than that of the low-grade secret realm.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

This is still under the condition that the strength of the polar yin body has been improved.

It seems that this time we have to speed up the progress!

Thinking of this, Jiyang's body looked towards the east of the starry sky ruins.

The direction of the extreme yin body sweeping is in the west of the starry sky ruins, then he will go to the east to sweep!

Such division of labor and cooperation can sweep faster!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body flashed, entered the eastern area, and disappeared in the meteorite group in a blink of an eye...

At the same time, the middle-grade secret realm, west of the starry sky ruins.

The very yin body was looking forward with a happy face.

Where there is a cloud of blood, it is slowly dissipating

At this time, another white light flew into the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You have successfully killed the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and obtained +410 trillion energy points, +4210 golden judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and a fragment of Innate Dao Crystal (indestructible) exploded]

[You successfully killed the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and a chaotic treasure chest (incomplete state) exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and a celestial bead (fortune-telling grade) exploded]

The harvest brought by this 'Star Walker' is extremely good!

Not only did a treasure chest explode, but a creation-level Heavenly Soul Pearl also exploded!

The very negative body showed a satisfied smile!

Then, he's about to collect the loot!

It was at this moment that he seemed to sense something, and looked up at the other side of the secret realm, showing a happy expression.

He sensed that Ji Yang's body also entered the secret realm of the middle grade.

In this way, his progress can finally be accelerated!

Thinking of this, he began to clear the battlefield

Chapter 816 Immortal! Celestial Spirit Pearl!

The very yin body waved his hand, and the treasure chest, the Innate Dao Crystal Fragment, and the Celestial Soul Pearl arrived in front of him.

He put away the treasure chest first, and then looked at the red Innate Dao Crystal fragment...

[Xiantian Dao Crystal Fragment (Indestructible): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of Indestructible Dao]

[Reminder: You need to master the SSS-level law of immortality before refining it]

[Indestructible Dao: One of the innate Dao, mastering this Dao, can be immortal, can live the dead, flesh and bones, even if the soul is broken, it can be reborn from a drop of blood]

This is another kind of congenital avenue!

The very yin body has a sigh!

This is the 24th Indestructible Dao Crystal Shard he has collected!

It's a pity that he didn't master the law of SSS-level immortality, and there is no way to refine it for the time being.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body put away the Dao-crystal fragments!

Tiandao's reminder also came...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on obtaining a piece of Innate Dao Crystal (indestructible), your points will increase by +3 points, and your current accumulated - points will be 342 points]

good! good!

Already 342 points!

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

Then, he looked at the Heavenly Soul Pearl in front of him...

[Heavenly Soul Pearl: Fortune-level, acquired wonders, containing the incomplete power of the inextinguishable avenue]

[Reminder: Refining this spiritual bead by necromantic creatures can restore the vitality of the corpse, just like shaping a new body and turning it back into a real life]

[Reminder: The effect of the Sky Soul Pearl is related to the target's strength. If the target was in the main **** realm before his death, one Sky Soul Pearl can reshape the body]

[If the target was in the Quasi-God King Realm during his lifetime, 2 Sky Soul Orbs are needed to reshape his body; if he was at the God King Realm before his death, 3 Sky Soul Orbs are needed; if he was in the Half-Step Eternal Realm before his death, the Sky Soul Orbs are invalid]

what!

Back to the dead! Rebuild your body!

The eyes of the extreme yin body lit up, and there was a look of surprise in the eyes.

Isn't this Heavenly Soul Pearl suitable for the use of the 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp'?

Qin Feng has always wanted to let Ran Deng return to the peak and return to the strength before his death!

As a result, he has a capable subordinate!

After all, the burning lamp is a corpse puppet. When it recovers to its previous strength, its strength will be sealed and stuck at that level forever!

Because corpse puppets can't be cultivated, they can no longer improve their strength.

If he can make Ran Deng reshape his body and turn it back into a living creature, he can continue to practice and continue to improve his strength!

This is equivalent to restoring the potential of the lamp!

Restoring the potential of burning lamps will also be of great help to Qin Feng's future!

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body happily put away the 'Heaven Soul Pearl'.

Having said that, although this Heavenly Soul Pearl is good, the explosion rate is extremely low. This is the first 'Heavenly Soul Pearl' that has exploded from the very yin body.

If you want to completely turn the lamp back into life, you need 2 more!

It seems that he has to keep working hard!

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body flashed and disappeared into the starry sky...

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies were harvested in the secret territory of the middle grade at the same time...

At the same moment, in the depths of the low-grade secret realm, the shocking roar of the Golden Emperor sounded!

At this moment, over that giant island!

Emperor Jin stared at the giant island below in a stunned manner!

I saw that the whole island was barren and barren!

But the traces of the fight, and the traces of the withering and turning of the spirit flower and spirit grass into the mud, are all vivid in my eyes!

Apparently someone has come here before, and harvested this place to such an extent that there was not even a single hair left for him!

"Who?! Who did it?!"

"Get out of here for the deity!"

Emperor Jin was so angry that he roared again and again!

Since he entered this secret realm, he has had bad luck, and he has still found nothing!

This is far from what he imagined!

He originally thought that he would be the first lucky person to come in!

In the end, he was an unlucky one!

Those two guys who came ahead of him are too cruel!

Wherever he passed, no grass grew, not even a mouthful of soup was left for him!

What's even more hateful is that he didn't even see the shadows of those two...

Roar for a long time!

No one responded!

Jindi is about to explode!

In the end, with endless grievance and unwillingness, he turned and left...

He doesn't have much time left in the low-grade secret territory, he must hurry up to search for treasures, and can't really go back empty-handed!

After all, he has no way out!

With his realm, he can only go to the secret realm of the king-level area.

But he has already obtained 1 point in the king-level secret territory, reaching the full limit, and can no longer enter!

If he wants to get more points, he can only get it in this special secret territory of low-grade!

As for the special secret realm of the middle grade, those who need more than 2 points are eligible to enter, he doesn't need to think about it at all!

If he can't earn a little more points in this special secret realm, his luck in this round will be frozen!

He panicked when he thought that there were already two people coming in first, and it was impossible for Emperor Zi to come in!

Counting Emperor Zi and adding those two people, there are three people who are better than him!

With this thought, Emperor Jin accelerated his speed and rushed towards the mainland!