Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He must hurry up and earn some points!

Emperor Jin didn't know that his wish would eventually come to nothing!

This low-grade secret realm has long been swept away by Qin Feng, and there are no more points to take!

Just like that, time passed by minute by minute!

Except for the occasional death from the secret territory, the square has always been quiet and empty!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, on the side of the square, in the king-level area, at the entrance of the Avenue of Power, a white light lit up!

The bald-headed Purple Emperor appeared out of thin air!

When he appeared, he quickly looked around and saw that the square was empty.

Emperor Zi smiled proudly, and went straight to the special secret realm of the middle grade!

In less than an hour, his points reached 2!

With such a fast speed, even the Qing Emperor can't keep up!

This time, he joined forces with Emperor Jin, destined to make Emperor Qing not get the first place, thus disrupting Tianzun's plan.

Tianzun is good at deducing the secrets of heaven, and wants to make Judgment God's Domain revive!

How could the great sacrifice to heaven make him wishful?

This time, they have come to six strong **** kings and dozens of quasi **** kings, just to let the Tianzun plan be shattered!

They must not let Tianzun's favored candidates win any first place in this round of Holy Land chances!

As long as that person's growth rate slows down, the inheritance of the domain owner that originally belonged to that person may fall into the hands of the 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven'.

At that time, a cosmos master might be born in the Heavenly Peeping Divine Realm!

Thinking of this, Zi Di's eyes showed a fiery light, and his expression became even more anticipatory!

Having said that, the inheritance of the domain owner of Judgment God's Domain is very mysterious!

It has something to do with the Lord of the Universe!

The person who obtains that inheritance has a certain chance to become the new master of this universe.

If it can really succeed, it will be under one day and above all gods.

In addition to the way of heaven, in this universe, who else is stronger than the Lord of the universe?

As long as Zidi thought about it, he felt excited!

Qin Feng still doesn't know about this secret!

If he knew about it, I'm afraid he would be excited too.

He was creating his own universe. If he could become the master of this universe again, he would not be equivalent to mastering the two universes.

Of course, that's all for later!

Unknowingly, Emperor Zi walked to the entrance of the middle-grade secret realm and stepped directly into the door of light!

The next second, he appeared in the secret realm of the middle grade, and the starry sky ruins were in sight, showing the meaning of endless slaughter, which made people feel cold!

"This middle-grade secret realm is actually an ancient battlefield! I don't know what innate Dao crystal will appear here?"

Zi Di murmured in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Players are welcome to enter the mid-level special secret realm, you are the third person to step into this secret realm]

[Holy Land Reminder: Players stay in this secret territory for no more than 30 minutes]

[Time starts now: 0…]

Boom~!

Purple Emperor is stunned!

He had the same reaction as Jindi!

how can that be!

He was the third one to enter!

Who are the other two?

Could it be that besides Emperor Qing, Emperor Jin also came in? !

correct!

Emperor Jin first entered the secret realm of the lower grades, perhaps where the harvest was extremely rich, he also reached 2 points!

If so, then there are only two of them!

So far, Emperor Zi did not suspect the third person!

In his eyes, the only one who can compete with them is Qingdi.

As for the players below the initial stage of the God King, he would not even think about it.

correct!

Make sure first, if the Emperor Jin is here!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi took out a communication jade talisman from the storage ring.

Then, he tried to send a message, but found that Jindi could not be reached.

He frowned suddenly.

Why can't I get in touch?

In the king-level secret realm, he used the communication symbol to contact those subordinates.

It stands to reason that if you are in the same secret realm, you can use the communication symbol to communicate.

Are special Rifts different from normal Rifts?

Zidi pondered for a while, and felt that it was possible!

Maybe the special secret realm has restrictions on communication, so he can't contact the Golden Emperor.

If his calculations are correct, 90% of Emperor Jin has already entered the secret realm of the middle grade.

Zi Di thought self-righteously!

He didn't know that the reason why he couldn't get in touch with Emperor Jin was because Emperor Jin was still in the secret realm.

In any case, Emperor Zi felt that Emperor Qing had also entered the secret realm of the middle grade.

He has to quickly compete for points, and he must not let Qingdi benefit!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi instantly unfolded his consciousness and swept across the starry sky with a radius of hundreds of millions of miles!

After this sweep, he frowned!

In this radius of hundreds of millions of miles, he did not find any guardian beasts, nor did he see any figures.

It was the place where the battle traces were, he found three or four places.

This is not good!

That means someone will come in for a while!

"Damn it! Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, Emperor Zi suddenly raised his head and looked in a certain direction...

He sensed that in the depths of the starry sky, there were waves of ability fluctuations, and it was obvious that someone was fighting.

Swish~!

Immediately, the Zidi figure flashed and rushed in that direction!

He wants to confirm clearly, who is the comer?!

In a blink of an eye, the figure of Emperor Zi disappeared into the vast starry sky...

At the same time, in the direction that the Purple Emperor was heading, a meteorite that was hundreds of miles long was over the sky.

The very yin body is happily cleaning up the battlefield!

Just now, he beheaded another star walking corpse and obtained another Dao crystal fragment.

The very yin body just put away the crystal fragment, and Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on obtaining a piece of Innate Dao Crystal (indestructible), your points will increase by +3 points]

[Holy Land Reminder: There is still a starry sky walking corpse and a guarding demon in the secret area of ​​this layer, your stay time is 4 minutes left]

"There are only 4 minutes left! I don't know where the guardian demon is?"

The very yin body frowned slightly, feeling anxious.

He was worried that it would be too late to kill the demon **** Jiu.

Chapter 817 The soul is immortal! The flesh is immortal!

The extremely yin body raised its head slightly and looked into the depths of the starry sky.

He looked around, and in the depths of the dark starry sky, the meteorites were getting smaller and smaller, but the number was increasing, and they were getting denser and denser!

This shows that the front is the core area of ​​the ancient battlefield!

Because it is the core area, the energy explosion is violent, and the meteorite fragments formed are smaller.

The guarding devil may be in the core area!

Thinking of this, the figure of the extreme yin body flashed, and it went straight ahead.

At the same time, Emperor Zi also came in this direction.

At the same time, in the east of the ruins of the starry sky.

A stalwart figure flashed over a broken asteroid.

The person who came is the body of Jiyang!

As soon as he appeared, he looked down at the incomplete asteroid below.

I saw that the asteroid was millions of miles in diameter, about the same size as the Blue Star Moon, and now there is only half of it left.

Looking at the gap of the asteroid, there is actually a huge fist pit, with a diameter of one million zhang, exuding an ancient desolate atmosphere!

Obviously, this asteroid was bombarded with a punch!

You can imagine how terrifying the Great World War that happened back then!

And being able to smash an asteroid into half with one punch is definitely the strength of a **** king or above.

The God King could not do it in the early days!

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body couldn't help but take a deep breath, and his eyes turned to the fist pit.

I saw that there were blocks of black spiritual minerals next to the fist pit, all as big as grinding discs, shining with dazzling metal spiritual light, which was very extraordinary.

[Xingxuanjin: the best god-level, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: This item can be used to build a super-large interstellar teleportation array, and it can also be used to refine the best artifacts]

It is a resource of the best god-level!

Extremely positive body eyes are delighted!

If it is said that the resources produced in the special secret realm of the lower grades are all kinds of spiritual flowers and grasses.

The resources produced in the middle-grade special secret realm are all kinds of god-level minerals.

However, Ji Yang's body did not immediately go to mine, but turned to look at the mine...

There was a thin ancient corpse sitting cross-legged there, with only half of its head, exuding a monstrous corpse gas and a faint stench!

[Evil Object]: Starry Sky Walking Corpse