Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

【Boundary】: Quasi-God King

[Combat Strength]: 9.9 billion stars

[Characteristics]: Master the indestructible rhyme

[Origin]: Derived from the corpse of the **** king who died in ancient battles

what!

It's actually a star walking corpse with a combat power of 9.9 billion!

This is infinitely close to the threshold of the God King!

The anode body was slightly surprised!

This is the strongest star walking corpse he has ever seen!

Before that, the star walking corpses he encountered had combat power between 8 billion and 9 billion stars.

However, this is also the last walking corpse in the secret territory of the middle grade.

After destroying it, only the guardian demon remains.

The cleanup of the secret realm on this floor has come to an end!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is a little excited!

Then, with a wave of his hand, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword appeared out of thin air, revealing the invisible sword intent!

It was at this moment that the starry sky walking corpse felt something!

It slowly opened its only remaining eye and looked towards the main body of the anode.

Those faint green pupils showed a fierce light like a beast, and there was no spirituality, only a violent beast!

This is the Star Walker!

They don't have much spirituality, they only have powerful physical thoughts, and they all act by instinct!

roar~!

A shocking corpse roar rushed out from the chest cavity of the walking corpse!

Boom~!

In the next second, the starry sky walking corpse is like a beast, madly shooting towards Jiyang's body!

That monstrous corpse energy rose into the sky and instantly enveloped the starry sky for hundreds of miles, and its momentum covered the sky and the earth!

In the blink of an eye, the starry sky walking corpse is near!

Swish~!

Ji Yang's body slashed down with a sword!

Ten thousand feet of sword light!

Break the starry sky!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The 100-foot-high star walking corpse was instantly split into two halves!

Poof~!

At the same moment, there was a soft sound from inside the corpse!

It was the fragile soul body of the walking corpse, which was shattered by a sword!

But in the next second, the walking corpse that was split into two halves, wriggling in the flesh, quickly reassembled!

A walking corpse without a soul body is still immortal!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Ji Yang's body is continuously shooting out swords!

The sword light fills the sky in the starry sky!

In the blink of an eye, he chopped the walking corpse into hundreds of pieces!

But every piece of flesh of the walking corpse, as if alive, was constantly squirming, trying to reunite and resurrect, and it was full of vitality!

If ordinary people see this, they will be shocked and inexplicable!

Obviously the soul of this walking corpse has been shattered, and it is still not dead!

Ji Yang's body has long been surprised!

It turns out that the Star Walker is a special existence!

They are the fallen corpses of the **** king, their souls have long since been wiped out, and their flesh and spirit remains, and they continue to grow!

As long as there is a small piece of body left, it can live forever, and it can reach the realm of immortality!

The so-called Dao of immortality is the immortality of the physical body!

Soul master spirit! Soul Master Flesh!

The road of the soul, the master soul is immortal!

The Dao of immortality, the Lord's body is immortal!

At the same time mastering the two innate avenues, you can achieve the immortality of the soul, the immortality of the body, and the indestruction of all calamities!

This is true immortality!

Having said that, the Dao of immortality can make the physical body continue to strengthen, that is, the physique continues to strengthen, and finally a new soul can be born.

However, this situation has become dominated by the soul, supplemented by the soul!

No soul, body depends!

The walking dead can continue to be resurrected.

I want to completely kill the star walking corpse!

Then they must be blasted into slag, and no physical cells can be left behind!

Om~!

At this moment, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword lit up with golden light!

The power of chaos fills the blade!

With the blessing of the power of chaos, the destruction of the body cells by the attack of the extreme sun body is even more remarkable!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Ji Yang's main body continues to slash frantically!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the starry sky, the earth-shattering bombardment continued to echo...

The body of the walking corpse was chopped into more and more pieces, and the pieces of meat the size of rice grains were still squirming desperately, trying to be resurrected...

However, with the continuous slashing of the polar body, the aura of the walking corpse is also falling crazily!

In this way, Ji Yang's body is killing the walking dead with all his strength, stirring the entire starry sky, trembling...

But on the other side, Emperor Zi shuttled fast among countless meteorites...

But after a while, he was a little confused!

After the battle of the extremely yin body was over, there was no energy fluctuation in the front, and he could not sense the specific location!

How does this allow him to track?

Is it...

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, Emperor Zi felt something in his heart and turned his head sharply, looking towards the east!

He sensed that energy fluctuations were constantly coming from the east side, which seemed to be very intense!

Apparently, someone is fighting over there!

Judging from this energy fluctuation, the battle site is very close to him!

Maybe in less than three minutes, he will be able to reach the battle ground.

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi hesitated!

He wanted to track the body of the extreme yin before, but now a battle has broken out nearer, he might as well go over and take a look!

After hesitating for a moment, Emperor Zi immediately gave up tracking the body of the extreme yin, turned around and rushed in the direction of the body of the extreme yang...

The speed of Emperor Zi is extremely fast, and he has escaped thousands of miles in a blink of an eye!

After a minute, he had already escaped millions of miles, and he was only two minutes away from the battle ground of Jiyang's body...

It was at this moment that the fluctuation of the ability ahead came to an abrupt end, as if the battle was over!

Emperor Zi was stunned for a moment, thinking that it was not good, and then speeded up again!

This time, he must find out who came in?

At this very moment, the place of battle!

Ji Yang's body finally smashed the walking corpse into **** and turned it into a blood fog...

The spirit of the walking corpse dissipated, and it was considered a complete death...

This made Ji Yang body a long sigh of relief!

He could feel that this walking corpse was much more difficult to deal with than the previous walking corpses...

At this moment, another dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You have successfully killed the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and obtained +490 trillion energy points, +4910 golden judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and a fragment of Innate Dao Crystal (indestructible) exploded]

[You successfully killed the Star Walker (quasi-god king), and a chaotic treasure chest (incomplete state) exploded]

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

The treasure chest has finally exploded!

Before he knew it, there were nine treasure chests in his hand, and he was only short of one to synthesize a complete Chaos Treasure Chest!

If you can find the guardian demon god, the tenth treasure chest will definitely be exploded, and even more treasure chests will be exploded.

At the moment, he put away the treasure chest and Dao crystal fragments with a wave of his hand!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on obtaining a piece of Innate Dao Crystal (indestructible), your points will increase by +3 points]

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly, very satisfied!

Today, his points have reached 294 points, and the extreme yin body has reached 378 points!

Entering the top three, it is estimated that the problem is not big.

However, if you want to enter the top-grade special secret realm, the points are not enough.

The point threshold for the top-grade secret realm is 5 points!

The anode body is still 206 points away, and the cathode body is still 122 points away!

This time, whether the two main bodies can enter the high-grade secret realm depends on the harvest given by the guards of Warcraft.

Thinking of this, the body of the polar sun flew down to the asteroid and mined those star-profound gold...

In just a moment, he collected seven pieces of Star Profound Gold (the highest grade of gods), and the harvest was full of pots...

This makes Jiyang body in a good mood!

"Huh 2.8! That's..."

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and looked up into the distance...