Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

His consciousness scanned it, and a bald old man in a purple robe was rushing towards where he was!

He recognized at a glance that the old man was Emperor Zi!

"Emperor Zi came in so quickly?"

The anode body was slightly surprised!

Having said that, Ji Yang's body found Zi Di, but Zi Di has not yet discovered him.

Obviously, the divine consciousness of Jiyang's body is stronger than Zidi!

However, at the speed of Emperor Zi, he could arrive in one and a half minutes at most.

In terms of divine consciousness, after 10 seconds, Zidi's divine consciousness can scan him.

It seems that he has to leave quickly to avoid being discovered by that guy!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body wanted to leave.

At this moment, he did not want to conflict with Emperor Zi.

After all, the purple emperor's combat power is between 300 million and 35 billion, and it is by no means easy to deal with.

And his residence time in the secret realm of the middle grade only has 13 minutes left.

The last guardian demon **** has not been found yet!

At the moment, Jiyang body wants to dodge away.

At this moment, he suddenly turned his head and looked in a certain direction with joy.

It turned out that he sensed that the extreme yin body finally found the guardian demon!

huh~!

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

It was summoned by the very yin body!

Chapter 818 Red Cloud Barrier! Congenital creation!

When the extreme yang body appeared again, he was already beside the extreme yin body hundreds of millions of miles away.

The anode body directly looks up and looks forward...

I saw a huge planet there, the size of the blue star world, and it was slowly rotating.

The surface of the planet was wrapped in a thick layer of red clouds, like a layer of planetary enchantment.

In the cloud layer, there are hundreds of millions of red sandstones, the size of a fist, that flow rapidly in the cloud layer, forming a protective belt...FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Is this a planetary enchantment?

As soon as Ji Yang's body moved, he peeped towards the cloud layer...

[Red Cloud: Fortune-level, heaven and earth wonders, containing the power of the Great Way of Fortune]

[This cloud is the first spiritual cloud that was born at the beginning of the birth of the universe, and has already begun to have spirituality]

[If it is fed with the Dao-level bloodline of the intermediate level or above, it can be turned into an egg, and it can breed a good-fortune-level battle pet]

[Reminder: If you can make this cloud recognize the master successfully, you can automatically obtain 60% of the Dao rhyme of the Dao of Fortune from it]

[Reminder: This cloud has already recognized the person as the master. If it is allowed to recognize the master again, it must first obliterate its current master]

[Reminder: The red cloud enchantment formed by this cloud contains hundreds of millions of scattered soul sand, after hitting the human body. It can disperse the human soul, transform the human body, and it is very strange]

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body is amazed!

The red cloud on the outer layer of this planet is actually the same fortune-level wonders of heaven and earth, and spirituality has been initially born!

Even better, as long as he recognizes the master, he can obtain 60% of the Dao rhyme of the Dao of Fortune!

The avenue of creation, one of the innate avenues!

Qin Feng already has the 'Road of Fortune' scroll, but it is extremely difficult to comprehend it!

Now, he has only realized about 39.7% of Dao rhyme.

If this red cloud can recognize the master, his comprehension of the 19th Formation Dao can reach 99.7% in one fell swoop, and he is only one line away from the Dao of Enlightenment.

In addition, this red cloud can also be turned into a good fortune-level pet, and it can also become a great help for him in the future!

Of course, if you want Hongyun to be transformed into a battle pet spirit egg, you need to be fed with a Dao-level bloodline above the intermediate level, in order to coagulate successfully.

Today, his Dao-level bloodline is only at the peak level at the initial stage, and it is still one line away from the intermediate level.

However, these are not big things!

Sooner or later, his bloodline quality will be promoted to above the intermediate level.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looked through the red cloud barrier and looked inside the planet.

I saw that on the planet, there are exotic flowers and plants everywhere, spiritual trees are rooted, waterfalls and springs, aura is lingering, and it is like a fairyland!

Among them, there are countless exotic flowers and plants of the god-level class, all of them are brilliant!

Its overall value is probably several times higher than that of the giant island in the low-grade secret realm, comparable to several good-fortune-level treasures!

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body felt hot.

However, he did not immediately go down to pick spiritual objects, but looked towards the southern region of the planet.

In that area, with a radius of tens of thousands of miles, it is actually thousands of miles of red ground, with anger lingering, and no grass grows!

And in the center of that area, a giant with a length of 10,000 meters was sitting in meditation with his eyes closed...

Looking more closely, his body shape and facial features are generally indistinguishable from human beings, but his whole body is red and skinned, his muscles are knotted, and his corpse aura is overwhelming.

As soon as Ji Yang's body's thoughts moved, he opened his eyes of peeping and probed towards it...

【Magic God】: Drought

[Realm]: The mid-term threshold of the God King

[Combat strength]: 29 billion stars

[Avenue]: The road of drought, the road of immortality

[Characteristic]: The guardian demon of the special secret realm of the middle grade

[Origin]: The corpse of the **** king's peak power is also the lord of the red cloud.

what!

This is the mid-term threshold of the God King, and the combat power has reached 29 billion stars!

Ji Yang was surprised!

Ordinary God King mid-term threshold, the combat power is only 200 million stars.

From this, it can be seen that this Demon God can crush the same level!

Having said that, 29 billion star combat power is not easy to deal with!

However, there is only about 2 minutes left for the duration of the polar cathode body.

The residence time of the anode body is only about 11 minutes!

Can't wait any longer!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body quickly waved his hand!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, golden light flashed in front of him!

The Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Sword, the Book of the World, and the Heavenly Suppressing God Wing appeared one after another!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, and the Zhentian Divine Wing were equipped one after another!

The book of this world turned into a golden light and poured into his body!

Human-machine in one!

Done in an instant!

The momentum of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed, reaching about 15.8 billion stars in the blink of an eye!

At this moment, on the planet, the scorpion also seemed to sense the body of the polar sun.

He immediately opened his eyes and looked up at the starry sky...

Those crimson eyes, exuding a fierce light like a beast, penetrated the huge cloud layer, and fell on the body of the extreme yang and the extreme yin.

With just one glance, he could see that the two main bodies were in the False God Realm!

This made him a little stunned!

Can humans in the False God realm also break into this place?

None of those starry corpses can stop them?

Or were these two humans lucky enough to not encounter a walking corpse along the way?

This scorpion also cultivated himself from corpses, but he obviously had a very strong spirituality, which was completely different from those walking corpses.

After all, his immortal avenue has been completed, and he can master the power of the complete avenue.

However, he has also become a strange being.

That is, the spirit is the main, the soul is the supplement, and the power of the flesh is extremely powerful!

Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the polar yang body and the polar yin body, at the same time, kill the planet...

Seeing this, there was a sneering look in the eyes of Han Yan!

Ha ha!

Two ants in the False God realm!

He actually wanted to break through his red cloud barrier!

Not to mention these two human beings, even if they are the great powers of the **** king in the early stage, as long as they rush into the red cloud, they will fall into it, and their life and death are unpredictable!

Boom~! Boom~!

He just had this thought, and the two main bodies rushed into the clouds!

The schadenfreude in the eyes of the drought is even stronger!

He wanted to see, how did these two human beings lose their minds? !

At that moment, the body of the polar sun penetrated into the depths of the clouds!

Suddenly, the red cloud rolled over, and countless red sand scattered, rushing towards it!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of millions of red sand formed a sand flow that engulfed the body of the polar yang!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The fist-sized gravel slammed into the body of Jiyang!

On the other hand, the very negative body also encountered the same situation!

Seeing this scene, the scorpion immediately showed joy!

Hongyun's scattered sand, the power of every blow is comparable to that of a true god!

The joint strike of hundreds of millions of sandstones is comparable to the full-strength strike of the God King in the early days!

What's even more terrifying is that among those gravel attacks, there are also attacks against the soul and soul!

It can disperse the opponent's soul and soul, making it a walking dead without any consciousness!

Especially the attack on the soul and soul, even the power of the early God King could not resist!

In other words, even if those attacks of sand and stone can't break through the defenses of the early days of the God King, they can still disperse the mighty soul and soul of the God King's early days, making him a walking corpse!

This is the power of the Red Cloud Barrier!