Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If you want to break through the red cloud barrier, you must have the strength of the physical body and the strength of the soul, both of which must reach the middle stage of the **** king!

Thinking of this, the drought is even more proud!

The Red Cloud Barrier that even the God King could not pass through in the early days, these two False God realm humans, I am afraid that they will soon be bombarded into scum.

But he only had this idea, and the mutation in the field regenerated!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two earth-shattering explosions!

Sand flow burst!

Splash around!

The two main bodies rushed out of the siege of hundreds of millions of red sand in an instant and entered the sky above the planet!

"Hey! This is..."

The dry man was shocked all over his body, and he was stunned!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Ji Yang's body just pinched a seal...

hum~!

In the next second, the body of Jiyang lit up with a faint black light, forming a human-shaped black hole!

An invisible force of devouring shrouded the entire planet in an instant!

Immediately afterwards, countless spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual fruits all withered and fell off at a speed visible to the naked eye, or turned into dust, or turned into dust...

The original energy of hundreds of millions of spiritual plants poured into the human-shaped black hole madly...

As soon as Jiyang's body came in, he displayed Lingzhi Devouring, and first started to attack the Lingzhi all over the planet!

In just a few seconds, tens of thousands of spiritual plants withered and died...

The momentum of Jiyang's body is skyrocketing wildly!

The drought suddenly reacted!

"you wanna die!"

A shocking roar!

The drought soared into the sky and directly attacked the body of Xiangjiyang...

He's going to stop this **** human!

Come and plunder his treasure!

The spiritual plants of this planet are all his private property!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the scorpion came to the front...

Swish~!

877 At this moment, the very yin body flashed out, blocking the way of the scorpion!

He wants to stop the drought, and can't let it disturb the swallowing of the polar body!

At this moment, Han Yu sensed that the momentum of the extreme yin body was less than 16 billion stars, which was the level of the early **** level!

With such strength, he hasn't paid attention to it yet!

"Go away~!"

With a direct punch, the dry scorpion blasted away at the extreme yin body!

Boom~!

That punch slammed out, the dry and hot air covered the sky, and the momentum suddenly reached 32 billion stars, exceeding its own 29 billion star combat power, and the power was terrifying!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Where the fist wind passed, the void cracked and the world shattered!

Ji Yinben hurriedly thought about it, and his whole body burst out!

At that moment, his whole body lit up with golden light!

The power of chaos!

The power of luck!

support one after another

His combat power has suddenly reached about 17.5 billion stars!

But this kind of momentum, in the eyes of Han, is nothing at all!

The power of his punch reached 32 billion stars!

Boom~!

In the blink of an eye, that punch came right in front of you!

Boom~!

At this moment, the very yin body also bombarded away with one punch!

At that moment, his breath changed greatly, and his eyes were extremely determined!

Only me in the world!

A heart attack!

The power of that punch instantly doubled!

The attacks from both sides collided instantly!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

A space black hole with a diameter of ten thousand zhang was blown out in situ!

The whole planet is shaking!

In the next second, the body of the extreme yin was shaken back by a hundred meters!

However, the dry scorpion was smashed by a punch and flew tens of thousands of meters away...

This round, the extreme yin body has the upper hand!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

However, looking at the drought again, he was not injured in the slightest.

What Han Yan masters is the Dao of Inextinguishability, and his strongest is physical defense, not attack.

If you want to hurt it, the attack power must be more than 50% higher than its combat power, that is, 14.5 billion stars.

In other words, the power of a single blow must reach more than 43.5 billion stars before it is expected to break the defense...

Chapter 819 The power of integration! One hit to break the defense!

When the extreme yang body appeared again, he was already beside the extreme yin body hundreds of millions of miles away.

The anode body directly looks up and looks forward...

I saw a huge planet there, the size of the blue star world, and it was slowly rotating.

The surface of the planet was wrapped in a thick layer of red clouds, like a layer of planetary enchantment.

In the cloud layer, there are hundreds of millions of red sandstones, the size of a fist, that flow rapidly in the cloud layer, forming a protective belt...

Is this a planetary enchantment?

As soon as Ji Yang's body moved, he peeped towards the cloud layer...

[Red Cloud: Fortune-level, heaven and earth wonders, containing the power of the Great Way of Fortune]

[This cloud is the first spiritual cloud that was born at the beginning of the birth of the universe, and has already begun to have spirituality]

[If it is fed with the Dao-level bloodline of the intermediate level or above, it can be turned into an egg, and it can breed a good-fortune-level battle pet]

[Reminder: If you can make this cloud recognize the master successfully, you can automatically obtain 60% of the Dao rhyme of the Dao of Fortune from it]

[Reminder: This cloud has already recognized the person as the master. If it is allowed to recognize the master again, it must first obliterate its current master]

[Reminder: The red cloud enchantment formed by this cloud contains hundreds of millions of scattered soul sand, after hitting the human body. It can disperse the human soul, transform the human body, and it is very strange]

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body is amazed!

The red cloud on the outer layer of this planet is actually the same fortune-level wonders of heaven and earth, and spirituality has been initially born!

Even better, as long as he recognizes the master, he can obtain 60% of the Dao rhyme of the Dao of Fortune!

The avenue of creation, one of the innate avenues!

Qin Feng already has the 'Road of Fortune' scroll, but it is extremely difficult to comprehend it!

Now, he has only realized about 39.7% of Dao rhyme.

If this red cloud can recognize the master, his comprehension of the 19th Formation Dao can reach 99.7% in one fell swoop, and he is only one line away from the Dao of Enlightenment.

In addition, this red cloud can also be turned into a good fortune-level pet, and it can also become a great help for him in the future!

Of course, if you want Hongyun to be transformed into a battle pet spirit egg, you need to be fed with a Dao-level bloodline above the intermediate level, in order to coagulate successfully.

Today, his Dao-level bloodline is only at the peak level at the initial stage, and it is still one line away from the intermediate level.

However, these are not big things!

Sooner or later, his bloodline quality will be promoted to above the intermediate level.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looked through the red cloud barrier and looked inside the planet.

I saw that on the planet, there are exotic flowers and plants everywhere, spiritual trees are rooted, waterfalls and springs, aura is lingering, and it is like a fairyland!

Among them, there are countless exotic flowers and plants of the god-level class, all of them are brilliant!

Its overall value is probably several times higher than that of the giant island in the low-grade secret realm, comparable to several good-fortune-level treasures!

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body felt hot.

However, he did not immediately go down to pick spiritual objects, but looked towards the southern region of the planet.

In that area, with a radius of tens of thousands of miles, it is actually thousands of miles of red ground, with anger lingering, and no grass grows!

And in the center of that area, a giant with a length of 10,000 meters was sitting in meditation with his eyes closed...

Looking more closely, his body shape and facial features are generally indistinguishable from human beings, but his whole body is red and skinned, his muscles are knotted, and his corpse aura is overwhelming.

As soon as Ji Yang's body's thoughts moved, he opened his eyes of peeping and probed towards it...

【Magic God】: Drought

[Realm]: The mid-term threshold of the God King

[Combat strength]: 29 billion stars

[Avenue]: The road of drought, the road of immortality

[Characteristic]: The guardian demon of the special secret realm of the middle grade

[Origin]: The corpse of the **** king's peak power is also the lord of the red cloud.

what!

This is the mid-term threshold of the God King, and the combat power has reached 29 billion stars!

Ji Yang was surprised!

Ordinary God King mid-term threshold, the combat power is only 200 million stars.

From this, it can be seen that this Demon God can crush the same level!

Having said that, 29 billion star combat power is not easy to deal with!

However, there is only about 2 minutes left for the duration of the polar cathode body.

The residence time of the anode body is only about 11 minutes!

Can't wait any longer!