Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body quickly waved his hand!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, golden light flashed in front of him!

The Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Sword, the Book of the World, and the Heavenly Suppressing God Wing appeared one after another!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the Wind Thunder God Armor, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, and the Zhentian Divine Wing were equipped one after another!

The book of this world turned into a golden light and poured into his body!

Human-machine in one!

Done in an instant!

The momentum of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed, reaching about 15.8 billion stars in the blink of an eye!

At this moment, on the planet, the scorpion also seemed to sense the body of the polar sun.

He immediately opened his eyes and looked up at the starry sky...

Those crimson eyes, exuding a fierce light like a beast, penetrated the huge cloud layer, and fell on the body of the extreme yang and the extreme yin.

With just one glance, he could see that the two main bodies were in the False God Realm!

This made him a little stunned!

Can humans in the False God realm also break into this place?

None of those starry corpses can stop them?

Or were these two humans lucky enough to not encounter a walking corpse along the way?

This scorpion also cultivated himself from corpses, but he obviously had a very strong spirituality, which was completely different from those walking corpses.

After all, his immortal avenue has been completed, and he can master the power of the complete avenue.

However, he has also become a strange being.

That is, the spirit is the main, the soul is the supplement, and the power of the flesh is extremely powerful!

Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the polar yang body and the polar yin body, at the same time, kill the planet...

Seeing this, there was a sneering look in the eyes of Han Yan!

Ha ha!

Two ants in the False God realm!

He actually wanted to break through his red cloud barrier!

Not to mention these two human beings, even if they are the great powers of the **** king in the early stage, as long as they rush into the red cloud, they will fall into it, and their life and death are unpredictable!

Boom~! Boom~!

He just had this thought, and the two main bodies rushed into the clouds!

The schadenfreude in the eyes of the drought is even stronger!

He wanted to see, how did these two human beings lose their minds? !

At that moment, the body of the polar sun penetrated into the depths of the clouds!

Suddenly, the red cloud rolled over, and countless red sand scattered, rushing towards it!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of millions of red sand formed a sand flow that engulfed the body of the polar yang!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The fist-sized gravel slammed into the body of Jiyang!

On the other hand, the very negative body also encountered the same situation!

Seeing this scene, the scorpion immediately showed joy!

Hongyun's scattered sand, the power of every blow is comparable to that of a true god!

The joint strike of hundreds of millions of sandstones is comparable to the full-strength strike of the God King in the early days!

What's even more terrifying is that among those gravel attacks, there are also attacks against the soul and soul!

It can disperse the opponent's soul and soul, making it a walking dead without any consciousness!

Especially the attack on the soul and soul, even the power of the early God King could not resist!

In other words, even if those attacks of sand and stone can't break through the defenses of the early days of the God King, they can still disperse the mighty soul and soul of the God King's early days, making him a walking corpse!

This is the power of the Red Cloud Barrier!

If you want to break through the red cloud barrier, you must have the strength of the physical body and the strength of the soul, both of which must reach the middle stage of the **** king!

Thinking of this, the drought is even more proud!

The Red Cloud Barrier that even the God King could not pass through in the early days, these two False God realm humans, I am afraid that they will soon be bombarded into scum.

But he only had this idea, and the mutation in the field regenerated!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two earth-shattering explosions!

Sand flow burst!

Splash around!

The two main bodies rushed out of the siege of hundreds of millions of red sand in an instant and entered the sky above the planet!

"Hey! This is..."

The dry man was shocked all over his body, and he was stunned!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Ji Yang's body just pinched a seal...

hum~!

In the next second, the body of Jiyang lit up with a faint black light, forming a human-shaped black hole!

An invisible force of devouring shrouded the entire planet in an instant!

Immediately afterwards, countless spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual fruits all withered and fell off at a speed visible to the naked eye, or turned into dust, or turned into dust...

The original energy of hundreds of millions of spiritual plants poured into the human-shaped black hole madly...

As soon as Jiyang's body came in, he displayed Lingzhi Devouring, and first started to attack the Lingzhi all over the planet!

In just a few seconds, tens of thousands of spiritual plants withered and died...

The momentum of Jiyang's body is skyrocketing wildly!

The drought suddenly reacted!

"you wanna die!"

A shocking roar!

The drought soared into the sky and directly attacked the body of Xiangjiyang...

He's going to stop this **** human!

Come and plunder his treasure!

The spiritual plants of this planet are all his private property!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the scorpion came to the front...

Swish~!

877 At this moment, the very yin body flashed out, blocking the way of the scorpion!

He wants to stop the drought, and can't let it disturb the swallowing of the polar body!

At this moment, Han Yu sensed that the momentum of the extreme yin body was less than 16 billion stars, which was the level of the early **** level!

With such strength, he hasn't paid attention to it yet!

"Go away~!"

With a direct punch, the dry scorpion blasted away at the extreme yin body!

Boom~!

That punch slammed out, the dry and hot air covered the sky, and the momentum suddenly reached 32 billion stars, exceeding its own 29 billion star combat power, and the power was terrifying!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Where the fist wind passed, the void cracked and the world shattered!

Ji Yinben hurriedly thought about it, and his whole body burst out!

At that moment, his whole body lit up with golden light!

The power of chaos!

The power of luck!

support one after another

His combat power has suddenly reached about 17.5 billion stars!

But this kind of momentum, in the eyes of Han, is nothing at all!

The power of his punch reached 32 billion stars!

Boom~!

In the blink of an eye, that punch came right in front of you!

Boom~!

At this moment, the very yin body also bombarded away with one punch!

At that moment, his breath changed greatly, and his eyes were extremely determined!

Only me in the world!

A heart attack!

The power of that punch instantly doubled!

The attacks from both sides collided instantly!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

A space black hole with a diameter of ten thousand zhang was blown out in situ!

The whole planet is shaking!

In the next second, the body of the extreme yin was shaken back by a hundred meters!

However, the dry scorpion was smashed by a punch and flew tens of thousands of meters away...

This round, the extreme yin body has the upper hand!

However, looking at the drought again, he was not injured in the slightest.

What Han Yan masters is the Dao of Inextinguishability, and his strongest is physical defense, not attack.

If you want to hurt it, the attack power must be more than 50% higher than its combat power, that is, 14.5 billion stars.

In other words, the power of a single blow must reach more than 43.5 billion stars before it is expected to break the defense...

Chapter Eight hundred and twentieth Beheading the Drought! Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

"That is…"

At this moment, Emperor Zi looked surprised and looked at the direction of Qin Feng's battle!