Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He originally tracked in that direction, but after there was no movement, he stopped tracking.

Now, that party has moved again!

Looking at the energy fluctuations, the battle seems to be very intense, and the two sides should be evenly matched!

So does he want to come and see?

Purple Emperor hesitated!

At this moment, he was a little upset!

Inexplicably, he felt that he ran eastward for a while, chased westward for a while, and went back and forth without even seeing the other person's figure. There was always a feeling of being played with!

This annoyed him so much!

After hesitating for a while, Emperor Zi cursed angrily, then flashed his figure and rushed straight towards Qin Feng's battle...

He swept all around just now, and he didn't see a single figure in the radius of hundreds of millions of miles. He continued to stay in this position and couldn't find the previous person.

That being the case, he might as well go to the place where he is fighting at the moment!

Seeing that the two sides are fighting so fiercely, it might be a lose-lose situation.

He might be able to reap the benefits of a fisherman!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi's eyes lit up, and he immediately became excited.

Then, he speeded up and rushed towards Qin Feng's location!

In this way, he quickly escaped for six or seven minutes, traveled tens of billions of miles of starry sky, and got closer and closer to the place of battle.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He also clearly sensed that the fluctuations in the ability to fight became clearer and clearer!

If his expectations are not bad, in just one more minute, he will be able to scan the battle scene with his divine sense!

He can also see who is fighting!

Perhaps, that person is the person they are really looking for!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi once again accelerated his speed and rushed to the place where Qin Feng was...

Although Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin felt that the nine achievements of Qing Emperor were secretly cultivated by Tianzun, but the matter has not been finally confirmed, it is still necessary to maintain a 283-point suspicion.

Compared to what they got the chance, the plan to destroy the Heavenly Venerate and wipe out the seeds of Judgment God's Domain is more important to them!

Just like that, Emperor Zi rushed to the location of Qin Feng!

The two sides are getting closer!

At the same moment, on the outside square!

At the entrance to the special secret realm of the low-grade, a white light lit up!

Emperor Jin appeared out of thin air!

At this moment, he was a little lost!

He was forcibly sent out by Heavenly Dao!

Because his residence time in the low-grade secret realm has reached 30 minutes, but he has found nothing in his secret realm.

This made him extremely angry!

That is a special secret realm of low grade!

Heavenly Dao has reminded that you can get Innate Dao Crystal inside!

As a result, he didn't even get a single spirit grass, not to mention the Innate Dao Crystal!

This time, the opportunity was wasted in vain!

"It must be those two guys who went in first, scavenging for resources! Damn it!"

Emperor Jin roared in his heart, but he couldn't do anything!

Afterwards, he slowly turned his head, looked at the entrance of the intermediate special secret realm, and showed a wry smile again.

It takes 2 points to enter the secret realm of the middle grade!

He only had 1 point, so he couldn't get in at all.

Then his chance in this round will end here.

"Forget it! Next, it's up to Emperor Zi, the old man is powerless!"

With a wry smile, Emperor Jin returned directly to the center of the square, sat cross-legged, and began refining the resources obtained in the king-level area...

At the same time, in the secret territory of China.

Zidi is getting closer and closer to where Qin Feng is.

It is estimated that within half a minute, he will scan the situation on the battlefield!

But at this moment, the energy fluctuations of the battle came to an abrupt end!

Obviously, the battle over there is finally over!

Zi Di's face changed slightly!

At the end of the battle, his plan to reap the benefits of the fisherman is likely to fail.

He has to hurry up!

Thinking of this, he quickened his speed and rushed towards the battlefield...

At the same moment, over that battlefield!

Qin Feng looked at the blood mist in front of him with joy!

This drought is too hard to kill!

Its physical body is immortal, and the road is hard to endure!

With the blessing of 40 times the time force field, he bombarded for about nine minutes.

Converted to outside time, it was six hours before the scorpion was smashed into slag, not even a single cell was left.

If one cell is left in it, the scorpion can be resurrected again!

However, he finally succeeded in killing it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little fortunate!

If it weren't for his 40 times the time force field, I'm afraid he really couldn't kill the drought!

This drought is not so powerful, but it is too difficult to kill!

Don't say it's him, even if it is replaced by Qingdi and others, I'm afraid it will be helpless!

huh~!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew from the blood mist and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing the scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and obtained +9970 trillion points of energy, +21,000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and an 'indestructible Dao crystal' exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a Taiqing Dao crystal (drought) exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and 2 celestial beads exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and 5 chaotic treasure chests were exploded (incomplete state)]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a nine-nine scattered gourd (the best god-level) burst out]

[You succeeded in killing the drought (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a quest token (SS level) was released]

【Your level is promoted to level 84】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 77 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's breath has improved!

That is the effect brought by the promotion of rank and vocation!

Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

He also did not expect that after beheading the scorpion, the harvest would be so rich!

5 of the treasure chests exploded!

In this way, there are 14 treasure chests in his hand, not only can a complete Chaos treasure chest be merged, but also 4 more treasure chests.

In addition, this time, 2 Heavenly Soul Orbs were also revealed, and the one Heavenly Soul Orb in his hand made up 3, just enough to make Ran Deng's body reincarnated from the dead and turned into a real life.

However, these are small gains, the real big gains, but those Dao Jing!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and pulled all the spoils of war in front of him.

He put away the treasure chest and the Celestial Soul Pearl, and looked at the two Dao Crystals...

[Indestructible Dao Crystal (Incomplete Entity): Creation Grade, Innate Class, contains 50% Dao Rhyme of Indestructible Dao]

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the law of indestructibility of SSS level]

[Taiqing Daojing (Dry): Fortune grade, contains 1% Dao rhyme of the Dao of Drought]

[Reminder: You need to master the A-level fire law and the S-level death law before refining it]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a happy smile.

He still has 50 Indestructible Dao Crystal fragments in his hand, and when combined with that Indestructible Dao Crystal, he can get a complete Immortal Dao Crystal!

That is a complete innate avenue!

The only regret is that he is temporarily unable to refine.

Because he hasn't mastered the SSS-level law of immortality!

Look at the Taiqing Daojing (dry), which contains a complete acquired avenue, but it can be refined.

Having said that, this drought is really powerful, and it has provided him with two avenues in one fell swoop!

When he masters these two avenues, his strength will skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away two Dao Jing...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting an 'Indestructible Dao Crystal', your points will increase by +150 points, and the ownership is to be determined]

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing', your points will increase by +1 point, and the attribution is to be determined]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

According to the time, the extremely negative body has already timed out, but it has been staying here in the combined state of the two major bodies.

This is also a kind of secret BUG!

However, Tiandao has regarded the polar yang body and the polar yin body as two contestants, so it is impossible to make a judgment on the ownership of the final Dao Jing.

The points will not be calculated until Qin Feng allocates them.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng put away two Dao crystals.

Then, he looked at the same treasure in front of him!

The whole body is like jade, the color is crystal clear, the red gourd, exudes an amazing breath...

[Nine Nine Scattered Soul Gourd: The ultimate god-level, can be loaded with scattered soul sand, unidentified owner]

[Reminder: The drought has been extinguished, this treasure is in the state of unrecognized master, and it can be recognized as master by dripping blood]

[Reminder: The combination of this treasure and the scattered soul sand is the complete state]

Huh~!

Loading loose soul sand?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he looked down at the planet below. The red cloud had always stayed on the planet, neither retreating nor dispersing.

Before, he felt a little strange!

This Huoyun is quite spiritual, and it is reasonable to know that the situation is not right, and it should have slipped away.