Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled and entered the chat channel.

There was already a lively chat inside.

"Wow~! Qin Feng killed a level 1 mutant beast and gained 1 reputation."

"Yeah! He should be the first person to have a reputation!"

"Reputation seems to be very useful. If you accumulate a certain standard, you can get blessings from heaven!"

"Yeah! I really envy that Qin Feng!"

As soon as these words fell, a few people with sour voices appeared in the comments.

"Is the level 1 mutant beast very powerful? Why do I feel bad!"

"I also think it's definitely not as good as a level 2 beast."

"Let me see, any level 2 powerhouse with a few level 1s can kill a level 1 mutant beast."

"It's a pity! This has already been taken first, and if you kill a level 1 mutant beast, you won't get any prestige."

"It can only be said that Qin Feng was very lucky. He was the first to encounter a level 1 mutant beast. My rank is obviously higher than Qin Feng, but I didn't have the chance to encounter a mutant beast."

The one who said this was a level 2 powerhouse named Liu Yuan.

"Boss upstairs, as soon as the prestige announcement came out, I looked at Qin Feng's rank. He ranked 11th. What's your ranking?"

Liu Yuan: "I'm number 9!"

"Wow~! It turns out that the guy upstairs is the ninth boss! My little brother worships!"

"Boss Liu Yuan's ranking is higher than that of Qin Feng, so he must be able to kill mutant beasts."

"That's for sure! The higher the ranking, the stronger the strength! Mr. Liu Yuan, do you need a younger brother? I want to hang out with you!"

"Boss Liu Yuan, I also want to kill mutant beasts with you."

"Brother Liu Yuan, little sister please take me with you!"

This time, the chat area is completely hot.

Many people are flattering Liu Yuan.

It seems that as long as Liu Yuan makes a move, he can easily kill a level 1 mutant beast.

But just then, a new announcement appeared...

[Announcement: Level 1 novice Chen Lin was killed by the level 1 mutant beast Fang Fang Boar! 】

[Announcement: Level 1 novice Wei Bo was killed by the level 1 mutant beast Fang Fang Boar! 】

[Announcement: Level 1 novice Wang Xiaoxiao was killed by the level 1 mutant beast Fang Fang Boar! 】

[Announcement: Liu Yunchang, a level 2 novice, was killed by a level 1 mutant beast Fang Fang Boar! 】

Fuck it~!

Four died at once!

Everyone was stunned!

In such a short time, the level 1 mutant beast killed four people in a row, and one of them was a level 2 powerhouse.

Oh my God!

It turns out that the level 1 mutant beast is so strong!

The entire chat channel fell silent in an instant. …………

Chapter Thirteen Discovery! Chase and kill aliens!

The entire chat channel fell silent in an instant.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

No one spoke for a long time.

At this moment, everyone can see that the level 1 mutant beast is too powerful.

Level 2 powerhouses are completely vulnerable in front of it!

"No! I just took a look, and Qin Feng is ranked fifth."

"Huh! It really is!"

After a while, someone bubbled up in the chat area again.

Seeing this, everyone switched to the ranking channel.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he also switched to the ranking channel...

[No. 911 Novice Village Level Ranking]

First place: Liu Xuan, level 3.

Second place: Longshan, level 2.

Third place: Wu Yong, level 2.

Fourth place: Yu Wen, level 2

Fifth place: Qin Feng, level 2

6th place: Gu Ming, level 2

Seventh place, Lei Jue, level 2

…

Tenth place, Liu Yuan, level 2…

what!

He was really fourth, that Liu Yuan dropped to tenth.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

strangeness!

Why did someone say just now that he was number 11?

By the way, those people went to check his ranking after the announcement was made.

But then, he killed five prairie gray wolves in a row, and the ranking went up a lot.

It only took a few minutes before and after this, and those people didn't realize it.

Thinking about this, Qin Feng suddenly felt in his heart.

Afterwards, he switched to the chat channel, which was full of amazement.

"My God! Big Brother Qin Feng really ranks fifth."

"It's so fast! Five minutes ago, I thought he was eleventh, and he was fifth in a blink of an eye!"

"Yeah! Qin Feng is so awesome!"

At this moment, Lei Jue's avatar jumped.

He also began to speak.

Lei Jue: "After a long time, Qin Feng's ranking is higher than that of Liu Yuan! Then again, how could it be weak if you kill a beast that can gain prestige first?"

Lei Jue: "Before, some people said that the level 1 mutant beasts are not that strong, which is really funny!"

This is sarcastic, and it is clear that he is talking about Liu Yuan.

The comment section suddenly became a little nervous.

After all, Liu Yuan is also a level 2 powerhouse, ranking in the top ten.

No one dared to talk nonsense.

In a world full of killing and uncontrolled, it is unwise to offend the strong.

However, Lei Jue is ranked seventh, higher than Liu Yuan.

He is not afraid of Liu Yuan at all.

Liu Yuan naturally saw what Lei Jue said.

However, he did not answer, but quietly escaped.

Up to now, he has no face, staying in the chat channel.

The chat channel was awkward for a while, and no one spoke.

Just when everyone felt embarrassed, another person's head jumped.

"Brothers, my boss Liu died, and so did three of my teammates. I was the only one left to escape, woo~! Woo~!"

"Hey! Upstairs, are you from Liu Yunchang's group?"

"Yes! Our group was almost wiped out. If it wasn't for my talent for speed, I'd be dead. Woo! Woo!"

"My God! The tusk wild boar is so terrifying! The five of you, one level 2 strong plus four level 1s, even if you can't defeat the level 1 mutant beasts, can't you escape?"

"Upstairs, you don't know how terrifying the tusk wild boar is. That guy's strength is even more terrifying than a level 2 beast!"

"My God! It's stronger than a level 2 beast!"

"Hey~! This is terrifying!"

The crowd was amazed.

The survivor said again: "Everyone, I'm alone now, and my arm is injured again. I'm so nervous! Does that team still need someone? Come and take me! Woohoo!"

"Where are you? Is the tusk boar near you?"

"I'm forty miles south of Xinxing Village. The tusk wild boar is not far away. However, it didn't chase after him. This boss, are you here to take me?"

"No! I just want to know where the tusk boar is, so I can try to avoid it!"

"..."

"..."

A group of people were speechless.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

In the chat log, the survivors have revealed the location of the tusk boar.

It seems that his chance has come!

The tusk wild boar is a level 1 mutant beast.

Kill it, and he can gain energy and extract attributes at the same time.

What's more, the energy provided by the mutant beasts is two or three times that of ordinary beasts.

What's more, the tusk boar killed four humans.

As long as Qin Feng finds the tusk wild boar, he can find the four corpses.

Then he can extract some new talents.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was excited and hurried in the direction of the tusk wild boar...

At the same time, on the border of the Novice Plain, next to a river beach.

There was a fierce battle here just now.

An ugly-looking giant frog was hacked to death on the spot, and blood and green juice flowed all over the floor.

There was a thick smell of blood in the air.

That giant frog is a level 2 beast.

At this moment, there were three people standing next to the giant frog's body, all of them looking proud.

One of them is Liu Xuan, who is the only one who has awakened the C-level talent this time.

He is also the first powerhouse in Novice Village to break through to level 3.

On the left of Liu Xuan, stood a man with a sturdy figure.

His name is Wu Yong, and he is a professional boxer on Blue Star.