Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Froststone is a first-order strategic material, and the output is very rare.

They generally rely on the deposits at the bottom of the lake to absorb the cold air of the lake over time to form slowly.

This process can be as fast as a few years and as slow as a few decades.

Because of this, Froststone is extremely rare.

An ordinary novice village can produce five or six ice stones.

But Longyuan Village is different!

Longyuan Village has been betting on resources for many times, and its resources are almost dozens of times that of other novice villages.

Of course, the area of ​​Longyuan Village has also expanded many times accordingly.

The corresponding ice stones, which should be produced in two or three hundred pieces, are scattered in every corner of the bottom of this autumn lake.

At this moment, Qin Feng has more than 100 yuan in front of him!

You must know that a piece of ice stone can be exchanged for 20 contribution points, which is twice the value of the second-order spirit grass.

These more than 100 ice stones are equivalent to more than 2,000 contribution points!

Contribution points can be exchanged for resources from Tiandao. The more you get to the later stage, the greater the effect. Naturally, the more the better.

Get rich this time!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he rushed to the turtle group.

These ice stones, he is bound to win!

If his expectations are not bad, when upgrading a level 1 village to level 2, it requires a certain number of level 2 cabins.

That would require a lot of Froststone.

So, this thing is definitely a strategic resource.

Now that he has collected the Froststone, he is just planning ahead.

Swish~!

Qin Feng's dispatch shocked the huge tortoise group as well as the turtle king.

The turtle king hurriedly looked at Qin Feng, his huge eyes showing consternation.

When it saw that the visitor was an 11th-level human, there was disdain in its eyes.

A small 11th-level human, dare to break into its lair, is really courting death.

Woo~woo~woo~!

There was a strange vibration in the turtle king's mouth.

For 380 hours, with a radius of 1000 meters, the water waves oscillated.

The whole group of turtles aggressively killed Qin Feng.

The fastest among the tortoises are the two generals of the tortoises.

They took the lead in killing Qin Feng.

"Just in time!"

Qin Feng sneered and went to fight.

So many beasts!

For him, it is a lot of energy value, an infinite harvest.

This is more than ten times faster than him looking for beasts to kill monsters and upgrade.

In just a moment, the two generals of the tortoises were the first to kill, and at the same time they attacked Qin Feng.

Swish~!

Qin Feng waved his hand and it was a knife.

The blade Qi of more than ten feet cut out a fan-shaped water curtain at the bottom of the lake.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

The blood spurted out, dyeing a large area of ​​the lake red.

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Turtle General (mutation level), and obtained +2800 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Turtle General (mutation level), and obtained +2800 energy points. 】

[Killing the 14th-level Turtle General (mutant level) successfully, the bronze treasure chest exploded. 】

With just one knife, he instantly killed two generals of the tortoise, and also exploded a bronze treasure chest.

The tortoises were shocked, and they stopped in place one by one, not daring to move.

The turtle king was also dumbfounded!

It thought it was a very fragile human being, but it did not expect its strength to be so terrifying.

Just one face-to-face, it wiped out its two strongest subordinates.

Such terrifying strength, even if it goes up, it will die.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

But in the next second, the Turtle King was full of anger and made a strange sound in his mouth.

All the turtles understood, and they opened their mouths and sprayed out a series of ice arrows.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, hundreds of ice arrows shot towards Qin Feng.

what!

These giant tortoises attack from a distance!

Qin Feng was a little surprised, and quickly put away the bronze treasure chest beside him.

In the blink of an eye, the hundreds of ice arrows shot together, and the momentum was extremely terrifying.

An ice arrow shot by a giant tortoise had limited power, and Qin Feng didn't take it seriously.

But when hundreds of giant tortoises attack together, the power is extremely terrifying.

He didn't dare to be careless, and as soon as his mind moved, he activated the Mysterious Crystal Armor.

Click~! Click~! Click~!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

In just a split second, a layer of crystal armor was condensed all over his body.

At the same time, a thick layer of ice was attached to the armor.

That is the true meaning of Qin Feng's manipulation of ice, and a layer of ice defense has been condensed on his crystal armor.

Suddenly, the triple defense took shape!

Ice Defense!

Crystal armor defense!

Dragon Elephant King Armor Defense!

At this moment, hundreds of ice arrows bombarded.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Frozen arrows hit Qin Feng like raindrops, and the outermost ice layer defense collapsed instantly.

Countless cracks appeared in the second layer of crystal armor defense, and finally it was completely resisted by the third layer of dragon elephant king armor defense.

Qin Feng was attacked by that wave, and he was repelled several feet away, widening the distance from the turtle group.

The power of a giant tortoise is inconspicuous,

But hundreds of them joined forces, and the power was so terrifying.

Qin Feng was a little surprised, and at the same time felt a little pain in his chest.

The original one-horned turtle king also launched a Frostbolt attack.

Its attack power is more than ten times stronger than other giant tortoises, and it is mixed in those ice arrows, making Qin Feng hard to guard against.

In the end, the ice arrow hit Qin Feng's chest, breaking the crystal armor defense, causing Qin Feng to feel pain.

Fuck it~!

The ferocious beasts that would attack from a distance would be even more terrifying and more difficult to deal with.

Thinking about it, those ferocious beasts that can't attack from a distance, even if they surround the target, they can't concentrate all their forces and attack one target.

But there are ferocious beasts with long-range attacks, which can do this.

Even if Qin Feng is extremely powerful, hundreds of giant tortoises can still knock him back.

This is not a good sign!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

Seeing that the Turtle King had repelled Qin Feng, he murmured with excitement.

The next second, it whispered again and again, mobilizing the group.

Wow~! La~! La~!

Suddenly, the turtle group surged.

Every hundred or so is only one echelon, and in a moment, seven echelons are formed.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

A hundred or so giant tortoises can join forces to repel him.

If the seven hundred or so only joined forces, they would only be able to injure him, or even beat him to death.

damn it!

Is it so hard to kill a one-horned turtle king? !

This is just one small step in a C-level mission!

wrong!

This task has become more difficult. It should be that the resources of Longyuan Village have doubled continuously, and the number of turtles has also increased rapidly, which led to the current result.

The original number of turtles was probably less than a hundred!

Thinking about this, Qin Feng was a little helpless.

Along with the benefits, come the corresponding challenges.

However, now is not the time to think about these trivial matters, he must solve the turtle king as soon as possible, and cannot let them continue.

Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of the turtle king.

He is also a master of art and daring, so he dared to challenge a large group of more than 700 giant tortoises with the power of one person.

Or a group with long-range attacks.

At this moment, the seven echelons of the tortoise group have been organized, and they will join forces to kill Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng suddenly split into two.

One became two.

He activated the phantom clone.

The turtles were suddenly a little stunned.

For a while, they didn't know which one to attack.