Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't escape, it should be related to the 'Nine Nine Scattered Soul Gourd'.

Those scattered souls have been refined by Hongyun and become Hongyun's attack method.

And the dry scorpion combined the scattered soul sand and the ninety-nine scattered soul gourd into one, so that it was equivalent to controlling the red cloud in a change of direction.

Even if the dry spell one day, the soul body is shattered, and the control of the red cloud is lost on the soul body, the red cloud will not escape.

As long as the gourd is on the scorpion, the red cloud will always stay.

It can be seen that the spirituality of Hongyun still has to be cultivated, and it has not yet reached the level of judging the situation.

Figured out this, Qin Feng quickly broke the blood clot of his fingers and bounced towards the soul-dispersing gourd!

Om~!

Finished sucking blood!

The soul-scattering gourd lit up with a red light, and it was screaming!

Recognize the Lord successfully!

Qin Feng hurriedly moved the seal to control the soul-scattering gourd!

hum~!

That gourd aura shines brightly!

In an instant, it became huge, covering the sky and the ground!

The next second, the huge gourd mouth, facing the hundreds of millions of scattered sand, swallowed wildly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Those red clouds were wrapped in sand that scattered the soul, and they flew towards the gourd involuntarily...

In just a moment, the red cloud and the scattered soul sand were all packed into the gourd.

The mouth of the gourd closed automatically, then quickly shrank to the size of one foot, and fell into Qin Feng's hands!

Qin Feng is very happy!

In this way, the Creation Grade Rare Item 'Red Cloud' has arrived!

In the future, he may be able to breed a good fortune-level pet.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the gourd of loose soul with satisfaction, and looked at the last treasure again...

It was a black token, exuding an amazing breath!

[Fortune Mission Order (SS Level): Activate this order, you can get the SS level chance mission "Sword Executioner"]

【Activation conditions are as follows.】

[Master of Zhuxing Sword, Jue Xing Sword, Slaughtering Xing Sword, and Trapping Xing Sword]

[Activated the S-level 'Ancient Sword Array' quest]

[You need to enter the top-grade special secret territory to activate! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

Another great opportunity! .

Chapter 821: Luck soars! Top secret!

"That is…"

At this moment, Emperor Zi looked surprised and looked at the direction of Qin Feng's battle!

He originally tracked in that direction, but after there was no movement, he stopped tracking.

Now, that party has moved again!

Looking at the energy fluctuations, the battle seems to be very intense, and the two sides should be evenly matched!

So does he want to come and see?

Purple Emperor hesitated!

At this moment, he was a little upset!

Inexplicably, he felt that he ran eastward for a while, chased westward for a while, and went back and forth without even seeing the other person's figure. There was always a feeling of being played with!

This annoyed him so much!

After hesitating for a while, Emperor Zi cursed angrily, then flashed his figure and rushed straight towards Qin Feng's battle...

He swept all around just now, and he didn't see a single figure in the radius of hundreds of millions of miles. He continued to stay in this position and couldn't find the previous person.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

That being the case, he might as well go to the place where he is fighting at the moment!

Seeing that the two sides are fighting so fiercely, it might be a lose-lose situation.

He might be able to reap the benefits of a fisherman!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi's eyes lit up, and he immediately became excited.

Then, he speeded up and rushed towards Qin Feng's location!

In this way, he quickly escaped for six or seven minutes, traveled tens of billions of miles of starry sky, and got closer and closer to the place of battle.

He also clearly sensed that the fluctuations in the ability to fight became clearer and clearer!

If his expectations are not bad, in just one more minute, he will be able to scan the battle scene with his divine sense!

He can also see who is fighting!

Perhaps, that person is the person they are really looking for!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi once again accelerated his speed and rushed to the place where Qin Feng was...

Although Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin felt that the nine achievements of Qing Emperor were secretly cultivated by Tianzun, but the matter has not been finally confirmed, it is still necessary to maintain a 283-point suspicion.

Compared to what they got the chance, the plan to destroy the Heavenly Venerate and wipe out the seeds of Judgment God's Domain is more important to them!

Just like that, Emperor Zi rushed to the location of Qin Feng!

The two sides are getting closer!

At the same moment, on the outside square!

At the entrance to the special secret realm of the low-grade, a white light lit up!

Emperor Jin appeared out of thin air!

At this moment, he was a little lost!

He was forcibly sent out by Heavenly Dao!

Because his residence time in the low-grade secret realm has reached 30 minutes, but he has found nothing in his secret realm.

This made him extremely angry!

That is a special secret realm of low grade!

Heavenly Dao has reminded that you can get Innate Dao Crystal inside!

As a result, he didn't even get a single spirit grass, not to mention the Innate Dao Crystal!

This time, the opportunity was wasted in vain!

"It must be those two guys who went in first, scavenging for resources! Damn it!"

Emperor Jin roared in his heart, but he couldn't do anything!

Afterwards, he slowly turned his head, looked at the entrance of the intermediate special secret realm, and showed a wry smile again.

It takes 2 points to enter the secret realm of the middle grade!

He only had 1 point, so he couldn't get in at all.

Then his chance in this round will end here.

"Forget it! Next, it's up to Emperor Zi, the old man is powerless!"

With a wry smile, Emperor Jin returned directly to the center of the square, sat cross-legged, and began refining the resources obtained in the king-level area...

At the same time, in the secret territory of China.

Zidi is getting closer and closer to where Qin Feng is.

It is estimated that within half a minute, he will scan the situation on the battlefield!

But at this moment, the energy fluctuations of the battle came to an abrupt end!

Obviously, the battle over there is finally over!

Zi Di's face changed slightly!

At the end of the battle, his plan to reap the benefits of the fisherman is likely to fail.

He has to hurry up!

Thinking of this, he quickened his speed and rushed towards the battlefield...

At the same moment, over that battlefield!

Qin Feng looked at the blood mist in front of him with joy!

This drought is too hard to kill!

Its physical body is immortal, and the road is hard to endure!

With the blessing of 40 times the time force field, he bombarded for about nine minutes.

Converted to outside time, it was six hours before the scorpion was smashed into slag, not even a single cell was left.

If one cell is left in it, the scorpion can be resurrected again!

However, he finally succeeded in killing it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little fortunate!

If it weren't for his 40 times the time force field, I'm afraid he really couldn't kill the drought!

This drought is not so powerful, but it is too difficult to kill!

Don't say it's him, even if it is replaced by Qingdi and others, I'm afraid it will be helpless!

huh~!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew from the blood mist and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing the scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and obtained +9970 trillion points of energy, +21,000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and an 'indestructible Dao crystal' exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a Taiqing Dao crystal (drought) exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and 2 celestial beads exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and 5 chaotic treasure chests were exploded (incomplete state)]

[You succeeded in killing the dry scorpion (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a nine-nine scattered gourd (the best god-level) burst out]

[You succeeded in killing the drought (the mid-term threshold of the **** king), and a quest token (SS level) was released]

【Your level is promoted to level 84】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 77 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's breath has improved!

That is the effect brought by the promotion of rank and vocation!

Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

He also did not expect that after beheading the scorpion, the harvest would be so rich!

5 of the treasure chests exploded!

In this way, there are 14 treasure chests in his hand, not only can a complete Chaos treasure chest be merged, but also 4 more treasure chests.