Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In addition, this time, 2 Heavenly Soul Orbs were also revealed, and the one Heavenly Soul Orb in his hand made up 3, just enough to make Ran Deng's body reincarnated from the dead and turned into a real life.

However, these are small gains, the real big gains, but those Dao Jing!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and pulled all the spoils of war in front of him.

He put away the treasure chest and the Celestial Soul Pearl, and looked at the two Dao Crystals...

[Indestructible Dao Crystal (Incomplete Entity): Creation Grade, Innate Class, contains 50% Dao Rhyme of Indestructible Dao]

[Reminder: You can only refine it if you master the law of indestructibility of SSS level]

[Taiqing Daojing (Dry): Fortune grade, contains 1% Dao rhyme of the Dao of Drought]

[Reminder: You need to master the A-level fire law and the S-level death law before refining it]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a happy smile.

He still has 50 Indestructible Dao Crystal fragments in his hand, and when combined with that Indestructible Dao Crystal, he can get a complete Immortal Dao Crystal!

That is a complete innate avenue!

The only regret is that he is temporarily unable to refine.

Because he hasn't mastered the SSS-level law of immortality!

Look at the Taiqing Daojing (dry), which contains a complete acquired avenue, but it can be refined.

Having said that, this drought is really powerful, and it has provided him with two avenues in one fell swoop!

When he masters these two avenues, his strength will skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away two Dao Jing...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting an 'Indestructible Dao Crystal', your points will increase by +150 points, and the ownership is to be determined]

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing', your points will increase by +1 point, and the attribution is to be determined]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

According to the time, the extremely negative body has already timed out, but it has been staying here in the combined state of the two major bodies.

This is also a kind of secret BUG!

However, Tiandao has regarded the polar yang body and the polar yin body as two contestants, so it is impossible to make a judgment on the ownership of the final Dao Jing.

The points will not be calculated until Qin Feng allocates them.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng put away two Dao crystals.

Then, he looked at the same treasure in front of him!

The whole body is like jade, the color is crystal clear, the red gourd, exudes an amazing breath...

[Nine Nine Scattered Soul Gourd: The ultimate god-level, can be loaded with scattered soul sand, unidentified owner]

[Reminder: The drought has been extinguished, this treasure is in the state of unrecognized master, and it can be recognized as master by dripping blood]

[Reminder: The combination of this treasure and the scattered soul sand is the complete state]

Huh~!

Loading loose soul sand?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he looked down at the planet below. The red cloud had always stayed on the planet, neither retreating nor dispersing.

Before, he felt a little strange!

This Huoyun is quite spiritual, and it is reasonable to know that the situation is not right, and it should have slipped away.

It didn't escape, it should be related to the 'Nine Nine Scattered Soul Gourd'.

Those scattered souls have been refined by Hongyun and become Hongyun's attack method.

And the dry scorpion combined the scattered soul sand and the ninety-nine scattered soul gourd into one, so that it was equivalent to controlling the red cloud in a change of direction.

Even if the dry spell one day, the soul body is shattered, and the control of the red cloud is lost on the soul body, the red cloud will not escape.

As long as the gourd is on the scorpion, the red cloud will always stay.

It can be seen that the spirituality of Hongyun still has to be cultivated, and it has not yet reached the level of judging the situation.

Figured out this, Qin Feng quickly broke the blood clot of his fingers and bounced towards the soul-dispersing gourd!

Om~!

Finished sucking blood!

The soul-scattering gourd lit up with a red light, and it was screaming!

Recognize the Lord successfully!

Qin Feng hurriedly moved the seal to control the soul-scattering gourd!

hum~!

That gourd aura shines brightly!

In an instant, it became huge, covering the sky and the ground!

The next second, the huge gourd mouth, facing the hundreds of millions of scattered sand, swallowed wildly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Those red clouds were wrapped in sand that scattered the soul, and they flew towards the gourd involuntarily...

In just a moment, the red cloud and the scattered soul sand were all packed into the gourd.

The mouth of the gourd closed automatically, then quickly shrank to the size of one foot, and fell into Qin Feng's hands!

Qin Feng is very happy!

In this way, the Creation Grade Rare Item 'Red Cloud' has arrived!

In the future, he may be able to breed a good fortune-level pet.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the gourd of loose soul with satisfaction, and looked at the last treasure again...

It was a black token, exuding an amazing breath!

[Fortune Mission Order (SS Level): Activate this order, you can get the SS level chance mission "Sword Executioner"]

【Activation conditions are as follows.】

[Master of Zhuxing Sword, Jue Xing Sword, Slaughtering Xing Sword, and Trapping Xing Sword]

[Activated the S-level 'Ancient Sword Array' quest]

[You need to enter the top-grade special secret territory to activate! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

Another great opportunity! .

Chapter 822: The Four Ways of Punishing the Heavens! Kill the Demon God!

Heaven Execution Sword Formation Opportunity!

Qin Feng's heart was moved, and he thought of the Sword Array of Zhuxian in the myth of Longbi!

Both have similar names!

I don't know if there is any contact?

Having said that, the Immortal Execution Sword Formation is unparalleled in power, and I am afraid that the same is true of the Heaven Execution Sword Formation!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot, and he was looking forward to activating the mission.

According to the hint of this token, those activation conditions have basically been reached.

He owns all four divine swords!

He had activated the 'Ancient Sword Formation' mission when he was on the first floor of the Holy Land.

The only thing that has not been achieved is to enter the top-grade special secret realm, where 5 points are required to activate.

Om~!

At this moment, the long sword in Qin Feng's hand shook and lit up with a faint aura...

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Luck Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of 'Dragon', and your luck value is +133 times]

Suddenly, Qin Feng's luck has soared, and it has increased by 133 times in a blink of an eye...

His eyes lit up in surprise!

correct!

This time, he absorbed so many spiritual plant sources and gained so much luck, so he doesn't know how his strength has changed?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked it out...

At this time, his luck value has reached 3877 times!

[Luck]: 4010 times (advanced master of destiny)

[Combat Strength]: 16.31 billion

[Soul Body]: 99.21% in the middle stage of the God King

After seeing it completely, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Before he knew it, his basic combat power had skyrocketed to 16.31 billion stars, and his strength had increased a lot!

The luck has skyrocketed to 4010 times, and the distance to the goal of 5 times has taken another big step forward!

In addition, the strength of his soul body has also increased a lot, reaching 99.21%. As long as he goes further, he can reach the peak of the **** king.

If his soul body breaks through to the peak of the **** king, his understanding will also improve a lot, and the progress of comprehending those innate avenues scrolls will increase by at least 30%!

This is a great help to him!

correct!

On this planet, there are still more than a dozen kinds of spiritual plants of the highest rank, but they have not been picked!

Among those spiritual plants, there may be one or two that enhance soul power!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked down at the planet below...Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, he felt something, turned his head suddenly, and looked into the depths of the starry sky!

Just now, his divine sense scanned that, tens of thousands of miles away, a figure wearing a purple robe was rushing towards him!

"Emperor Zi is here again!"

Qin Feng frowned slightly!

He vaguely felt that this Purple Emperor was a little strange!

This guy doesn't seem to go to the low-grade secret realm, but directly came to the middle-grade secret realm...

This reminded him of Jindi again!

The two guys seem to have a division of labor, and the goal seems to be very clear!

I don't think so much, now is not the time for him to find out!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng immediately divided it into fourteen and turned into fourteen fission variants.

Afterwards, the fourteen fission bodies teleported away one after another, and each went to pick those top-quality spiritual plants!

In just a few seconds, he finished picking!

The fourteen fission bodies gathered again and merged into one.

Qin Feng appeared again with surprise on his face.

Just now, he harvested 14 more spiritual plants of the highest rank, including a spiritual fruit and a very spiritual flower, all of which are spiritual plants that strengthen soul power.

As long as those two spiritual plants are refined, his soul body will definitely be able to break through the peak level of God King!