Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, he sent the Spirit Fruit and Spirit Flower into the Chaos Space.

Om~!

The next second, the token lit up with white light, wrapping him around...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You have activated the token! After 10 seconds, you will be teleported out of the secret realm]

【Countdown: 10…】

At this moment, Emperor Zi finally arrived nearby...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, Emperor Zi's consciousness swept across!

His strength is stronger than Jindi, and his range of consciousness is also stronger!

At that moment, his consciousness scanned Qin Feng!

There was also a look of surprise on Zidi's face!

He can finally know, who broke in first?

But in the next second, he froze in place.

I saw that under the scan of his consciousness, he only saw a figure with a white light all over his body. He couldn't see the appearance of that person at all, and he couldn't even see the color of the clothes...

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the human-shaped white light disappeared out of thin air, leaving no trace of breath, leaving only the power of heaven reverberating!

That person was sent out by Heavenly Dao!

Zi Di was instantly stunned!

He tried his best to come, but only saw a light and shadow, not even the appearance of that person!

This made him very unwilling!

In the next second, in the starry sky, the angry roar of Emperor Zi sounded, and he couldn't calm down for a long time!

At the same moment, a white light lit up at the entrance of the Middle Grade Secret Realm!

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

With this appearance, he was divided into two parts, and turned into a very positive body and a very negative body.

Then, Ji Yang's body beckoned, and a fiery red Dao crystal and a blood red Dao crystal appeared out of thin air.

Immediately afterwards, Jiyang body beckoned and grabbed the fiery red Daojing, and a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing', your points +1 point, and your points accumulated to 394 points]

At the same moment, the very yin body grabbed the vermilion Daojing...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting an 'Indestructible Dao Crystal', your points will be +150 points, and your points will accumulate to 528 points]

Hearing the prompt, the extremely yin body suddenly laughed!

His points exceeded 5 points, and he could enter the special secret realm of the top grade.

In the next second, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared again.

After doing these trivial things, Qin Feng looked up at the square!

I saw silence in the square, only a solitary figure, with his back facing him, meditating cross-legged there, as if refining some spiritual thing.

That figure is the Golden Emperor!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng wanted to laugh.

Obviously, Emperor Jin did not gain anything in the low-grade secret realm, but he could not go to other secret realms, so he had to stay in the square to refine resources.

Of course, Qin Feng didn't stop too much!

After all, time is precious, and everyone must race against time!

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out the scoring token of the extremely yin body and walked to the upper-grade secret realm.

That token is the clearance certificate!

The points of the polar yin body are enough, he should be able to enter!

In just a moment, Qin Feng passed through the door of light, and he entered the secret realm of high grade smoothly...

It was at this moment that the Golden Emperor, who was closing his eyes and refining the spirit fruit, seemed to feel something, and his eyelids twitched slightly.

Then, he slowly opened his eyes and turned to look behind him, but there was no one there.

Only the door of light at the entrance to the top-grade special secret realm is still trembling slightly.

Has anyone entered the secret realm?

This idea popped up in Jindi's mind!

But then, he shook his head again and again!

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

You know, the point threshold for entering the top-grade secret realm is 5 points!

It's only been about an hour and a half since this round of chance, how could someone be able to earn 5 points in such a short period of time!

Don't say an hour and a half, even if 5 hours have passed, that's impossible!

It must be my own delusion!

·

Emperor Jin thought with a look of certainty.

He doesn't believe that someone can really enter the secret realm of high grade.

Not to mention the high-grade secret realm, not many people can enter even the middle-grade secret realm!

After all, even he is not qualified to enter, how many people in this area can do it?

At this moment, a white light lit up at the entrance of the secret space in the king-level area.

Emperor Jin felt a little bit, he turned his head to look, and saw Emperor Qing appeared!

At this moment, Qingdi's face was full of joy.

He is out!

With the help of Tianji Avenue, he gained a lot, reaching 307 points.

With such points, he won the first place.

Qingdi thought confidently.

It was at this moment that he sensed that Emperor Jin was looking at him.

The two looked at each other, and Emperor Qing thought for a while, and a gloating smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

If there is anyone who is worthy of being his opponent in this No. 2 area, it is Jindi and Zidi.

Now, Emperor Jin actually refines resources in the safe area, indicating that he has harvested full marks in the king-level area, and then went to the low-grade secret realm again.

The final score must not reach 2 points.

Otherwise, the Golden Emperor will not stay in the outside world, but enter the secret realm of the middle grade.

This guy can't even get 2 points, so how can he compare himself?

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing turned pale and walked directly to the secret realm of the middle grade...

Emperor Jin has been paying attention silently, but his mind is full of thoughts.

He always thought that Emperor Qing had already left the king-level area, but he didn't expect to come out until this moment!

Before that, who were the two who entered the low-grade secret realm earlier than him?

Thinking of this, Emperor Jin is a little messy...

At the same time, Qin Feng had already appeared in the top-grade special secret realm.

At this moment, he is suspended in the starry sky, looking ahead...

In front of me, there are ten planets revolving around a huge sun...

This high-grade secret realm is actually a galaxy, somewhat similar to the solar system.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Players are welcome to enter the top-grade special secret realm. Each of the ten planets in the secret realm guards a demon god]

[Holy Land Reminder: The central star of this secret realm is guarded by a god-king peak threshold demon god. 】

[Holy Land Reminder: Players stay in this secret territory for no more than 1 hour]

[Time starts now: 0…]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's color changed slightly!

There are eleven demon gods hidden in this secret territory!

Especially the last one, its realm has reached the threshold of the peak of the **** king!

In this way, the difficulty of this secret realm is more than double that of the middle grade secret realm!

Fortunately, the residence time of this secret realm is slightly longer, reaching 1 hour.

Otherwise, it's even harder!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Task reminder: It is detected that you have entered the special secret realm of high-grade, your SS-level task token has reached the activation requirements and can be activated immediately…]

It can finally be activated!

Qin Feng didn't hesitate, flipped his palm and took out the black mission token.

In the next second, he broke his finger and dripped blood into the token!

Om~!

After the token absorbed the blood essence, it turned into a golden light and poured into his body...

At the same moment, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[SS-level mission order activation is successful! 】

[Your S-level 'Ancient Sword Array' task will be automatically promoted to SS-level 'Tiantian Sword Array' task]

【Your Xing Xing Sword, Jue Xing Sword, Slaying Xing Sword, and Star Trapping Sword begin to automatically break the seal... 】

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The next second, Qin Feng clearly sensed that there was a sound of cracking seals in the storage ring...

He hurriedly waved his hand and summoned the Four Swords of Zhuxing...Xiao.

Chapter 823 The Avenue of Souls! Dead body!

I saw a flash of white light, and the Sword of Execution, the Sword of Jue Xing, the Sword of Killing the Star, and the Sword of Trapped Star appeared one after another!

At this moment, the light of the four swords is shining, and there are dense cracks!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

A shattering sound!

The seals of the four swords were all broken, revealing the original appearance, but turned into four white broken sword fragments, and the breath was very different from before...

Qin Feng quickly snooped away...

[Zhu Xing Sword: transformed from a fragment of the Tian Zhu Sword]

[Sword of Execution: Innate Divine Artifact, Fortune-level, contains the power of the 'Road to Kill']Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Mission reminder: Find the incomplete Sword of Heaven Execution, let the pieces of the Sword of Heaven Execution be reorganized with it, and then the Sword of Heaven Execution will take the initiative to recognize you as the master]