Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Task reminder: After the Heaven Execution Sword is successfully recognized as the master, you can get the task reward and automatically awaken the ‘Road to Kill’! 】

[Mission Reminder: Heaven Execution Sword Feeds Back Combat Strength, 400 Million Stars]

Boom~!

After reading this information, Qin Feng was shocked and surprised!

It turned out that the 'Xing Xing Sword' was actually a part of the 'Sky Execution Sword'.

As long as he finds the incomplete 'Sword of Heaven Execution', he can get the quest reward and awaken the 'Road to Kill'.

Road to Kill!

That is the top 100 acquired avenues!

The reward for this quest is awesome!

Not only that, after the Heaven Punishing Sword recognized its master, it could also feed back 400 million star combat power, which was much stronger than the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames!

Afterwards, he suppressed his excitement and looked at the shards of Jue Xing Sword, Slaughtering Star Sword, and Star Trapping Sword...

[Sword of Jue Xing: It was transformed by a fragment of the sword of Jue Tian]

[Absolute Heaven Sword: Innate Divine Artifact, Good Fortune Grade, Containing the Power of the 'Road of Destruction']Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

[Slaughtering Star Sword: Transformed by a fragment of the Heavenly Slaughtering Sword]

[Slaying Heaven Sword: Innate Divine Artifact, Good Fortune Grade, Containing the Power of ‘The Way of Great Destruction’]

[Star Trapped Sword: Transformed by a fragment of the Trapped Heaven Sword]

[Trap Heaven Sword: Innate Divine Artifact, Good Fortune Grade, Containing the Power of ‘Destroying the Great Dao’]

[Task reminder: This three swords task has not been activated yet]

[Task reminder: There is a broken 'Sword of Heaven Execution' hidden in this secret territory, please find the player and let him recognize the master]

【Recognize the Lord successfully! It will be judged that the mission in this stage is successful, and players can obtain the awakening reward of the "Road to Kill", as well as special rewards]

[Failed to recognize the Lord! It will be judged that the task of 'Sword Executioner' has failed, and the tasks in subsequent stages will no longer be activated]

Seeing this, Qin Feng suddenly became anxious.

These are reminders that he must find the incomplete Heaven Punishing Sword before leaving the high-grade secret realm!

Otherwise, he will not be able to complete this task!

And his residence time in the high-grade secret realm is only 1 hour, so he can't delay any longer!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly waved his hand and put away the broken sword fragments that were transformed by the 'Zhu Xing Four Swords'.

After doing this, he looked at the galaxy ahead!

The possibility that the incomplete 'Sword of Execution' is hidden on those ten planets is not small...

He goes to those planets first!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flew towards the outermost planet...

He flew extremely cautiously!

According to Tiandao's reminder, all ten planets are guarded by a demon god.

Kill those demon gods, and he can get Dao crystal fragments!

However, he must fight quickly!

After all, the distance between these planets is not too far apart.

The continuous huge movement will definitely alarm other demon gods!

If it attracts the siege of the demon gods, he will be miserable!

At that time, he is afraid that if he can't stay for even an hour, he will be killed directly...

With this thought, Qin Feng became more cautious!

He flew to the outermost planet with extreme caution, for fear of making a huge noise and alarming the demon gods...

But on the other side, on the square.

At this moment, Emperor Jin was staring blankly at the entrance of the middle-grade secret realm.

Just now, Emperor Qing entered the secret realm of the middle grade...

To be honest, he is a little envious of Qingdi!

If you can enter the secret realm of the middle grade, you will be able to get a big chance!

such a pity!

He is not eligible to enter!

It is estimated that it is also Emperor Qing, Emperor Zi, and another mysterious guy!

At this moment, Emperor Jin had begun to suspect that in addition to Emperor Zi and Emperor Qing, there was another mysterious person who got 2 points.

Only in this way can he convince himself why he is the third person to enter the secret realm of the lower grades.

At this moment, he actually thought that Emperor Zi had also been to the low-level secret realm, and with that mysterious person, he was the third one to enter.

Up to now, he still doesn't want to believe that in addition to Emperor Zi and Emperor Qing, there are two people with better grades than him!

If that's the case, he absolutely can't accept it!

According to the rules of this round of chance, the rewards for the top ten are different!

If four people are better than him, then he can only rank fifth.

The reward for the fifth place is much less than that for the fourth place!

"Who is it? Apart from Emperor Qing and Emperor Zi, who is the third mysterious person? Could it be one of the six early God Kings?"

Emperor Jin looked at the entrance to the secret realm of the middle grade and muttered in his heart...

Then, he glanced at the entrance of the high-grade secret realm again, and without stopping, he withdrew his gaze.

Top-grade special secret realm!

It takes 5 points or more to be eligible to enter!

He didn't think that anyone in the No. 2 area could enter!

Even Emperor Zi and Emperor Qing couldn't do it!

The top-grade secret realm is just a picture cake, which is beyond reach, and there is no need to think about it.

Emperor Jin gave a wry smile, then regained his mind and continued refining resources.

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already entered the top-grade secret realm...

At this time, in the top secret territory.

Qin Feng has reached the outermost planet.

At this moment, he held his breath, carefully spy on the planet below,

It was a huge cyan planet with waterfalls and springs on it, beautiful flowers blooming, old trees with roots, and many of them were high-grade gods and top-grade gods.

This is another huge treasure house of spiritual plants!

Qin Feng's eyes were fiery.

However, he did not act immediately, and looked at a valley full of spiritual flowers!

In the middle of the valley, there was a giant bird with a body of 1000 meters, closing its eyes and breathing.

Look at the giant bird with blue feathers all over its body, a phoenix crown on its head, and countless water droplets appearing around it...

The breath emanating from his body suddenly reached the early stage of the God King.

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he spy on him...

[Devil God]: Shang Qing

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the God King

[Combat Strength]: 13 billion stars

[Avenue]: The Avenue of Rain

[Characteristic]: The guardian demon of the top-grade special secret realm

Seeing this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

This Demon God is not too strong!

Much weaker than Gun God!

Then, he should do it.

This time, he wants to kill this demon **** in one blow!

Only in this way will the movement be minimized, and other demon gods will not be disturbed.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng held his breath and was about to act...

But at this moment, the giant bird slowly opened its eyes.

Qin Feng was startled and thought he had been discovered...

But in the next second, the giant bird was covered in azure light, and instantly turned into a handsome azure-robed man.

As soon as the man appeared, he took out a communication jade talisman from the storage ring and watched...

After a while, he frowned slightly and muttered in his mouth.

"Lord Monster Emperor, let me be on guard! Saying that the mission of the Sword of Execution was activated by someone... Could it be..."

huh~!

Before the man could think about it, a white light flashed behind him, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

The man turned back quickly and saw a young human being!

When he saw that Qin Feng was only in the False God realm, he immediately showed disdain and looked relaxed!

He thought it was a sneak attack by some powerful character, but it turned out to be just an ant in the False God realm!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng slashed wildly with a sword, and the speed was extremely fast!

Swish~!

That sword's momentum was earth-shattering!

scoff~~~!

Where the blade passed, the starry sky was split, and the law was broken!

The man finally realized that something was wrong, but it was too late to dodge!

That sword had already killed him in front of him!

In a hurry, he held a seal in his hand, and a protective mask lit up around him. The level of defense it radiated was infinitely close to the mid-term threshold of the God King!

Swish~!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng's sword had already fallen and slashed on the mask!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

That sword directly split the mask, and the castration remained unabated!

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The sword slid across the man, splitting him in half!

In the end, the sword slashed **** the ground, only the ground cracked and the planet shook!

At the moment when the man was split in half, there was an unbelievable look in his eyes.