Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, the man's corpse was cracked inch by inch and began to turn into starlight!

He never thought that Qin Feng could kill him with a single sword!

"Hoo~! Finally killed!"

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

The process of assassinating the Demon God this time was much smoother than he imagined!

Even if he didn't use the golden body, his attack power could reach about 37 billion stars. How could he be able to resist it in the early days of the God King?

At this moment, a white light flew out of those starlights and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing Shang Qing (early stage of the God King), obtaining +3110 trillion energy points, +11000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Shang Qing (early stage of God King), and a Taiqing Daojing (rain) burst out...]

[You succeeded in killing Shang Qing (early stage of God King), and a chaotic treasure chest (incomplete state) exploded...]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of ‘Shang Qing’, and your luck value is +43 times…]

Luck has also improved! 3.8

Got another treasure chest!

There is also a Taiqing Daojing!

The so-called Taiqing Daojing contains a complete acquired avenue, so it is called 'Taiqing Daojing'.

Kill a Demon God, and he can get a Taiqing Daojing!

Big money this time!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Thinking of this, he waved his hand and inhaled the Taiqing Daojing into his hand.

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing', your points will increase by +1 point, the ownership is to be determined...]

1 more point!

Qin Feng smiled and looked at the blue Daojing in his hand.

[Taiqing Daojing (Rain): Fortune grade, contains 1% Dao rhyme of Rain Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of A-level water and the law of S-level life before refining it]

Qin Feng put away Daojing with satisfaction.

Afterwards, he put away the treasure chest as well.

So far, the treasure chests in his hand have reached 15, and as long as he gets 5 more, he can combine two complete chaos treasure chests.

Qin Feng thought expectantly.

At this moment, his eyes were attracted by a white jade talisman.

That was Shang Qing's communication talisman, and it did not disappear after his death.

Qin Feng quickly picked it up to check.

After reading the communication information inside, he frowned slightly, and his face showed a serious color...

Chapter eight hundred and twenty-four annihilation without a trace! One hit kill!

"It turns out that the strongest person in this secret layer is honored as the demon emperor!"

Qin Feng silently put away the communication symbol and looked at the huge sun in the center of the galaxy.

The demon emperor lives in it!

A **** and demon who can use the sun as his nest must be difficult!

Tiandao had reminded before that the demon emperor is the existence of the threshold of the peak of the **** king, and his strength is much stronger than that of the dry scorpion.

Qin Feng also learned from the communication talisman that there are ten demon kings under the demon emperor, who are stationed on ten planets and protect each other end to end.

Shang Qing is one of the ten demon kings, and also the weakest one.

At this moment, the demon emperor is in retreat!

After Qin Feng activated the 'Sword Executioner' mission, the Demon Emperor got the news.

In other words, the Heaven Execution Sword is in the hands of the Demon Emperor.

If he wants to complete the first stage of the 'Sword Executioner Array', he must kill the Demon Emperor.

When the demon king learned of his appearance, he immediately reminded the ten demon kings to be on guard.

It's just that Shang Qing was destroyed as soon as he received the news, and he didn't even have time to be on guard.

Qin Feng restored that he wanted to defeat them all, but now all the demon kings are on guard, I am afraid that the difficulty will increase greatly.

However, he also got a useful message from the communication symbol.

That is, the demon emperor will not leave the customs in twenty minutes.

Therefore, the demon king asked the demon kings to guard their territory and not let suspicious people approach his retreat.

After he leaves the customs, the demon emperor will take the demon kings to search for Qin Feng's trace.

"It seems that I have to kill a few more demon kings before the demon emperor leaves the customs. It will be even more difficult for them to join forces after the demon emperor leaves the customs!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

Now, he is going to the second planet!

correct!

He hasn't swallowed the spiritual plants of this planet! 19

This is a huge treasure trove!

How could he miss it?

Besides, sooner or later, he will face off against the Demon Emperor.

And the demon emperor is at the peak threshold level of the **** king. With his current strength, I am afraid that he is not an opponent.

If there are a few more Divine Kings to help, his mission of 'Sword Execution' is likely to fail!

If it fails, the loss is too great!

Therefore, he must improve his strength now!

And the thousands of spiritual plant resources in front of him can make him improve his strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he was about to activate his magical power - Lingzhi Devouring...

But at this moment, a hint of Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Your mind body refining 'Xianhunhua' (superior god-level) successfully! Your soul body strength is increased to 99.98%, combat power +10.3 million stars...]

[Your Mind Body has successfully refined the 'Spirit Fruit' (Superior Divine Rank)! Your soul strength is increased to 13%, combat power +11.2 million stars...]

【Your soul body is advancing...】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

At this moment, his soul power aura was skyrocketing wildly, and his aura was constantly improving!

His soul body is finally going to be advanced!

The 'Soul Soul Flower' and the 'Soul Remaining Fruit' were obtained in his old lair after beheading the scorpion.

Unexpectedly, his mind body was refined so quickly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, Tiandao sent another reminder...

【Advanced success! Your 'soul body strength' has been promoted to the peak level of the **** king...]

【Advanced success! Your soul power has been greatly improved! Your combat power + 100 million stars...]

【Advanced success! Your comprehension has been greatly improved! Your perception of Soul Dao has entered a state of epiphany...]

As the prompt sounded, Qin Feng couldn't help but closed his eyes and entered an ethereal state...

Road of Souls!

That is one of the easiest innate avenues to comprehend!

He had already comprehended the Dao rhyme of the 'Soul Road', reaching more than 99%.

At this moment, as soon as his soul body advanced, his comprehension skyrocketed, and he involuntarily entered a state of epiphany...

That epiphany state didn't last long, and a monstrous avenue of power radiated from Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness...

【The epiphany succeeded! Congratulations, you have awakened the innate avenue - the avenue of souls! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and your combat power has increased by +300 million stars...]Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

[Your 'Chaos Space' is integrating the power of 'Soul Avenue'... You will permanently receive 300 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

[Under the blessing of the 'Soul Avenue', your soul body will automatically advance to a Dao-level soul body (primary), and your soul power will be greatly improved again! Your combat power + 200 million stars...]

[Congratulations on the transformation of your soul body into a Dao-level soul body (primary), your understanding has been greatly improved]

[Congratulations on the transformation of your soul body into a Dao-level soul body (primary), you have awakened the supernatural power - 'the body of silence']

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was an earth-shattering roar in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge!

The chaotic space is shaking violently, and it continues to expand and expand...

Qin Feng's aura is also rising crazily...

After a long time, all the visions slowly disappeared!

He also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

This time, his soul body breakthrough was so powerful that he awakened the way of soul in one fell swoop!

What's even better is that his basic combat power has also skyrocketed to 17.43 billion stars in one fell swoop, getting closer and closer to the threshold of the middle stage of the **** king.

"Dao-level soul body! It's really good!"

At this moment, Qin Feng muttered in his heart and smiled.

Whether it is a Dao-level soul body or a Dao-level bloodline, it is a level that can only be achieved by half-step Eternal Realm.

Now, he has reached such a level in the False God Realm, and no one dares to imagine it!

Qin Feng smiled and looked at Lingzhi all around again...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[It has been detected that your 'chaos space' already possesses the power of three innate avenues, the avenue of karma, the avenue of blood, and the avenue of soul, which meet the promotion standards...]

[Your 'chaos space' is being promoted from primary to intermediate...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the earth-shattering roar sounded again in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge!

He couldn't help closing his eyes, looking inside his chaotic space...

I saw that chaotic space, like a cosmic explosion, is expanding wildly around...

In a blink of an eye, it has skyrocketed from a radius of one million miles to a radius of ten million miles, becoming incomparably vast.

【Successful promotion! Your chaotic space has been promoted to the intermediate level, and you will permanently receive the power of heaven and earth with 1 billion stars! 】

After a long time, the promotion is complete!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of ecstasy!

It turns out that after the promotion of Chaos Space, the power of heaven and earth that feeds back is so huge!

This made his basic combat power soar to 18.43 billion stars again.

Having said that, his chaotic space has finally been promoted.

According to the quest prompt of the 'Master of the Universe', his chaotic space must possess twelve kinds of innate avenues of power in order to open up the sky and become the center of the universe.

Only then can he truly create his own universe.