Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Today, his chaotic space only possesses the power of three innate avenues, of which the power of cause and effect is still blessed by the 'God of Cause and Effect'.

However, no matter what, he finally promoted the space to the intermediate level, and the task of the Lord of the Universe finally made progress.

Next, he should harvest the spiritual plant resources on this planet!

With this in mind, he pinched a seal in his hand...

Om~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with a faint black light, forming a human-shaped black hole!

An invisible force of devouring instantly enveloped the entire planet, beginning the origin of those spiritual plants.

In the next second, countless spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual fruits all withered, fell off, or turned into powder or dust at a speed visible to the naked eye...

The source energy of hundreds of millions of Dao Lingzhi madly poured into the humanoid black hole...

Qin Feng's momentum also skyrocketed again...

At that moment, the vitality of the entire planet was rapidly passing away...

The originally blue planet turned dark blue at a speed visible to the naked eye...

At the same moment, two stalwart figures appeared above the eighth planet.

One is a man with leopard print on his face, and his temperament is quite heroic.

This person's name is Fei Lian, one of the ten demon kings under the demon emperor, ranking eighth in strength.

The other was a black-faced man with a majestic figure and horns, with an extremely sturdy temperament.

This person's name is He Tie, one of the ten demon kings under the demon emperor, and his strength ranks seventh.

'Batie' was originally stationed on the seventh planet!

This time, he is visiting the eighth planet.

Just when he was chatting with Fei Lian, the demon emperor sent a warning.

After the two received the information, they flew above the starry sky and spied out of the star field...

"Brother Tie, after so many years, a human has finally broken in!"

At this moment, Fei Lian was a little emotional.

Ba Tie smiled slightly: "I don't know what the strength of the players who came this time is?"

Fei Lian smiled and said: "There are not many players who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land, and there are not many players who can reach the middle stage of the God King. As for the peak of the God King 283, it seems that I have never heard of it."

According to the past, there is indeed no peak of God King who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land.

But this time was different. Those who entered the second floor of the Holy Land really hid the existence of the peak of the god-king, but they were not in the No. 2 safe zone.

At this time, Bie Tie sneered: "If you want to see this deity, there is a high probability that the person coming is in the middle stage of the **** king, or even the early stage of the **** king."

"Such a strong player, I can beat him back without the Demon Emperor taking action!"

Fei Lian also smiled and said, "Yeah! This time, Lord Demon Emperor is breaking through in retreat! After he leaves, his strength will definitely increase. By that time, it will not only be the threshold of the peak of the **** king!"

呲 Tie proudly said: "The Demon King is different from me! He has mastered three avenues, one of which is the Innate Dao, and his strength crushes the same level! If he takes the shot himself, the peak of the God King will have to come and go!"

After speaking, the two of them will smile.

They are full of confidence for the next challenge.

"By the way, Brother Tie, when do you think that person will come?"

Fei Lian looked at the edge of the star field curiously.

He Tie also looked into the distance: "I guess it's coming soon! If that person wants to invade the Heavenly Demon Star Region, he will definitely go to Shang Qingxing first! Hey! That's..."

Suddenly, Ba Tie's face changed, and his eyes fell directly on Shang Qingxing in the distance.

That Shang Qingxing is the planet guarded by the demon king Shang Qing!

At this moment, the originally blue-green planet was turning into a dark green at a speed visible to the naked eye, and finally turned into a gray color...

The strange change immediately caught the attention of Shitie...

At this moment, on that Shang Qingxing.

The source of the billions of spiritual plants has been completely swallowed up.

The whole planet turned from life to a dead silence.

All the green and green disappeared, leaving only a dead gray-green.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes.

Under this devouring, he gained a lot, and his combat power soared to 18.79 billion stars again.

"It's time to go to the next planet!"

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched a seal and displayed his newly acquired magical power-the body of annihilation!

After this display, his eyes lit up, and he found another surprise! .

Chapter 825: Double kill with one move! The harvest is overwhelming!

At this moment, Qin Feng's breath merged with the starry sky, and the fluctuation of soul power disappeared strangely.

Even if he is standing in front of the peak of the God King, the other party can see him, but he can't sense any breath of him, and he can't sense any fluctuations in his soul power, and he can't even detect his consciousness!

This is the supernatural power - the body of silence!

Qin Feng suddenly became excited!

He originally wanted to destroy all those demon kings, but those demon kings were all powerful in the realm of gods, with extremely powerful spiritual consciousness and six senses.

Now that they have stepped up their vigilance again, it will be even more difficult to make a sneak attack.

Now it's good, he has mastered the 'body of annihilation', even if those demon kings are on guard, they won't be able to find him!

I'm afraid that the demon emperor did not expect that he would say hello in advance, and the subordinates would be attacked by others!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt more confident.

As long as he can cut off some demon kings in advance, the possibility of completing this mission will increase a lot!

correct!

There are still a few top-quality spiritual plants on this planet, which should be picked.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng teleported and disappeared in place.

A moment later, he was on that planet and harvested four supreme-grade spirit flowers and spirit grasses.

This is another nice gain!

After doing this, he flew towards the ninth planet at full speed!

With the help of 'Silent Body', he doesn't have to worry about being discovered at all

At the same time, over the eighth planet, that is, on the Fei Lian star.

呲 Tiezheng looked at 'Shang Qingxing' with a suspicious look on his face.

At this time, the color of Shang Qingxing has completely turned gray-blue, as if a lot of vitality has been lost all at once!

"Brother Fei Lian, look at Shang Qingxing's color, why has it suddenly dimmed a lot?"

"Huh! Really!"

This reminder, Fei Lian found out!

He suddenly looked surprised.

"Brother Tie, it's not something happened to Brother Shang Qing, right?"

Fei Lian couldn't help but muttered.

Tie frowned: "Isn't it possible! Lord Yaohuang has issued a warning message, and Shang Qing must be on guard. It is almost impossible to sneak attack on him. Even if someone sneaks up, there will be no fighting!"

Fei Lian nodded slightly: "That's right! I didn't sense that there were energy fluctuations in the fight on Shang Qingxing. It's a pity! The distance is too far, I can't wait for my consciousness to scan it, and I don't know what happened?"

Xie Tie's heart moved: "That's right! We can send a message to get in touch!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he took out a communication jade talisman and sent an inquiry message to Shang Qing.

But after a while, he frowned and silently put away the communication symbol.

"Brother Tie, how is the situation?"

Fei Lian asked curiously.

Tie frowned: "No response!"

Fei Lian was surprised: "Shang Qing will not really have an accident, right?"

Bie Tie sneered and shook his head: "I don't think it's possible! If you want Shang Qing to have an accident like this silently, you must at least have the strength to kill him in seconds! But if you want to kill Shang Qing in seconds, even if you want to kill Shang Qing in seconds, even the top powerhouse in the middle of the **** king is also Very difficult to do!"

Fei Lian nodded again: "That's right! Could it be that Shang Qing is in retreat, so he didn't respond?"

Sitie pondered: "It is estimated that this is the case! The color change on Shang Qingxing may be that he has practiced some kind of secret technique in retreat"! "

Fei Lian nodded slightly: "That makes sense!"

Shi Tie said again: "Otherwise, I'd better go to find out first, after all, it is a very moment, and I have to be more careful!"

Fei Lian hurriedly said, "Brother Tie, what will happen next when I wait?"

Shi Tie pondered for a while and said, "Let's go! Let's go to Qinyuan Star first, and invite Qinyuan to visit Shang Qingxing together!"

Fei Lian's eyes lit up: "Okay!"

As soon as the words fell, the two flew towards Qinyuan Star!

Qinyuan Star is the ninth planet, guarded by the demon king Qinyuan!

That is the planet Qin Feng is rushing to

In this way, the two great demon dynasties, Qin Yuanxing, rushed over.

At the same time, Qin Feng also rushed to Qinyuanxing

At the same time, on the Qinyuan star.

In the sky above a luxuriant jungle, a giant bee with a body of 100 feet long, with yellow hair and black poisonous needles on its tail, is hanging in the air, breathing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth in the forest.

Suddenly, it seemed to feel something, and the whole body lit up with aura, and instantly turned into a yellow-haired man with high cheekbones.

This man is the Demon King - Qin Yuan!

As soon as he appeared, he took out a communication jade talisman and checked it.

"Hey! 呲 Tie and Fei Lian want to come to my place as guests? Now is a very good time, how could they come as guests? Could it be that something happened..."

Qin Yuan put away the communication symbol with a puzzled look on his face.

Then, he looked up at the starry sky in the distance.

He had already received the warning from the Demon Emperor, so he was a little more suspicious that the two of them were visiting.

He was worried that something was wrong!

However, if something really happened, 呲 Tie should say it.

Maybe there are some suspicious signs!

Anyway, he just needs to be careful.

Thinking of this, Qin Yuan kept his human form and continued to breathe with his knees crossed.

In a humanoid state, his six senses will be stronger!

He let go of his six senses of confidence, even if he was the peak power of the God King, as long as he was close to his planet, he would be able to discover it immediately.

Therefore, he is not afraid of being attacked at all.

What's more, Xi Tie and Fei Lian are also coming as guests, and his defense here will be stronger.

Thinking of this, Qin Yuan actually breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he closed his eyes and continued to breathe in the spiritual energy of heaven and earth.

It's just that he doesn't know that Qin Feng has mastered the "silent body", and even if he is close to him, he will not let him feel all.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m