Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, five minutes passed!

Qin Yuan was distracted, waiting for the arrival of the two men while breathing in and out.

He counted the time, the iron and the iron were coming soon, and he should go to wash the dust for the two of them.

It's just that Qin Yuan didn't realize that a tall and straight figure had come to the sky above the planet, just above his head.

That person is Qin Feng!

"Finally arrived!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked down on the entire planet, showing joy.

This planet is also full of spiritual plants, more than Shang Qingxing. For him, it is a huge treasure house of energy, which can greatly improve his strength.

Then, he looked at Qin Yuan, who was below, and showed a knowing smile again.

The body of silence is really useful!

He was already close to ten thousand feet, and this guy still didn't feel it.

With this in mind, he spied on Qin Yuan again.

[Devil God]: Qin Yuan

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the God King

[Combat Strength]: 15 billion stars

[Avenue]: The avenue of poison

[Characteristic]: The guardian demon of the top-grade special secret realm

"15 billion star combat power! This guy is much stronger than Shang Qing! But"

Qin Feng sneered and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared behind Qin Yuan and slashed towards him with a sword!

"Hey! This is"

Qin Yuan felt something instantly and turned back quickly!

He saw a dazzling sword light head on, filling his eyes.

Before he could react, that sword light had already fallen!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Before Qin Yuan could react, he was split in half by Qin Feng, and even his soul body was shattered by a sword!

In the next second, its corpse was cracked inch by inch and turned into starlight...

"Hoo~! Kill another one!"

Qin Feng took another breath!

This time, it was smoother than killing Shang Qing, which made him extremely satisfied!

At this moment, a white light flew out of those starlights and poured into his body.

[You succeeded in killing Qinyuan (early stage of the God King), and obtained +4073 trillion energy points, +12,100 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Qinyuan (early stage of God King), and a Taiqing Daojing (poison) burst out]

[You successfully killed Qinyuan (early stage of God King), and a chaotic treasure chest (incomplete state) exploded]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of ‘Qinyuan’, and your luck value is +57 times]

Got another Taiqing Daojing!

There are also luck and treasure chests!

As a result, his luck value has reached 4110 times, and his treasure chest has also reached 16.

This is another huge gain!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

At the moment, as soon as he waved his hand, he sucked the treasures into his hands.

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing (Poison)', your points will increase by +1 point, the ownership is to be determined]

[Taiqing Daojing (Poison): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of Poison Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the A-level law of wood and the S-level law of death before refining it]

Qin Feng smiled!

This Taiqing Daojing (poison), he can refine!

correct!

With his current strength, against the demon emperor at the peak of the **** king, I am afraid that the winning rate is less than 30%.

Before meeting the Demon Emperor, he has to speed up to improve his strength!

After all, he has to complete the mission of the 'Sword Executioner', and this is the only chance. If he misses it, he will lose this opportunity forever.

With this in mind, Qin Feng hurriedly put away the spoils.

Immediately afterwards, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air, leaving only a white spot of light the size of a soybean.

That is exactly the node of the chaotic space!

The next second, he appeared in the chaotic space, a secret cultivation room.

When he appeared, he was divided into two parts and turned into a very negative body and a very positive body.

Afterwards, the palm of Jiyang's body turned over, and two Taiqing Daojing appeared out of thin air.

Tiandao's reminder also came

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing (Rain)', your points are +1 point, and your points have accumulated to 494 points...]

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing (Poison)', your points will be +1 point, and your points will accumulate to 594 points...]

The anode body smiled.

Once Daojing belongs, Tiandao will automatically count points.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

According to the rules of chance, Dao crystals whose points have been counted can be refined.

And if his points are broken by 5 points, the two main bodies can act separately in the secret territory.

Before, he had always had a worry, that is, after the Jiyang body was separated in the secret territory, he was afraid that it would be forcibly sent out by the way of heaven.

After all, the previous points of Jiyang Ontology were only 394 points, less than 5 points, there is a hidden danger of being forcibly passed out.

Now, the danger is gone.

He was also relieved!

Afterwards, Ji Yang's body left two Taiqing Dao crystals to the two mind bodies to refine.

After doing this, the two main bodies were merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared again.

In the next second, he returned to Qinyuan Star!

After returning, Qin Feng glanced at the lush spiritual plants around him, and wanted to use the spirit plants to devour

what! This is

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and turned his head to look in a certain direction...

It was at this moment that there were two rapid piercing sounds from that direction.

呲tie and Feilian finally killed

Chapter 826 Title promotion! Supernatural power soared!

"Two more!"

Qin Fengyao looked at the direction that the two men came from.

At this moment, his consciousness scanned the two men.

The two were only a million miles away from Qinyuan Star.

At the moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared in place, hiding in the bushes beside him.

With the blessing of the body of stillness, he can use his spiritual sense to spy on others, but others cannot spy on him.

The initiative is in his hands!

But he said that after Qin Feng hid his figure, it didn't take long for light and shadow to flash in the field, and two stalwart figures appeared, it was Ge Tie and Fei Lian.

As soon as the two appeared, they looked at the fight scene.

On the ground, there was a huge sword pit that was split hundreds of miles long, surrounded by gravel and wood, and the air was filled with a strong smell of blood!

Seeing this scene, the faces of the two changed slightly, and they suddenly felt different!

"Brother Tie, something is wrong here!"

Fei Lian looked around cautiously.

Ge Tie also muttered: "Yes! There are traces of fighting here, but there is no trace of Qin Yuan. It stands to reason that with Qin Yuan's strength, as soon as we approach this planet, he should sense it! Besides, he also knows We're coming!"

Fei Lian took a deep breath: "Could it be him?"

呲 Tie's expression was solemn: "I don't want so much! Let's check this Qinyuan star first!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Shi Tie instantly unfolded his consciousness, enveloped the entire planet, and began to investigate.

Boom~!

Fei Lian also expanded his consciousness and searched for the planet.

The incomparably powerful consciousness of the two of them swept across Qin Feng's hiding place in an instant, and swept away from Qin Feng without stopping at all!

Obviously, they didn't find Qin Feng at all!

At the same time, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with a faint light, and the eyes of the Taoist looked at the two demon kings.

Before he starts, he naturally has to figure out the details of the two demon kings!

Know yourself and others!

To be able to win a hundred battles!

In just a moment, Qin Feng spied the details of the two demon kings...

Na Feilian's combat power is around 17 billion stars, and Batie's combat power is around 12,839 billion stars.

These two are stronger than Qin Yuan!

That 呲tie's combat power is even stronger than Qin Feng!

Qin Feng's current combat power is 18.79 billion stars!

However, Qin Feng is not afraid!

It was at this moment that the two demon kings had already spied on the entire planet, showing doubts again.

"It's weird! There is no trace of any powerful enemy on this planet, nor Qin Yuan's figure! Could it be that the comer could not beat Qin Yuan, so he fled first, and Qin Yuan chased him away?"

Fei Lian muttered softly.

Si Tie's eyes lit up: "It's very possible! Qin Yuan is not a weak person, no matter how strong the middle stage of the **** king, he can't kill him silently. Besides, the demon emperor has already given a warning, he must have Be on guard!"

"With his precautions, it is impossible for him to be killed silently. Even if he is not an enemy, it will make a huge battle. But on the way we came, we hardly sensed anything. movement!"

Fei Lian's eyes also lit up: "So, the enemy doesn't seem to be strong! He can't even beat Qin Yuan!"

Batie smiled and said: "Those players who can enter the Holy Land are generally not strong. What kind of powerful players do you expect?"

Hearing this, Fei Lian felt that it was very reasonable, and he was slightly relieved.