Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Then, he smiled and said: "As long as the enemy is not strong! By the way, let's go to the surrounding starry sky to find Qinyuan, lest he go deep alone and fall into the trap of the enemy!"

Shi Tie was startled: "That's right! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two demon kings were about to leave.

At this moment, the vigilance in the hearts of the two demon kings was also relaxed.

This has something to do with them looking down on the Holy Land players.

But just as they turned around, a mutation suddenly occurred!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and Qin Feng suddenly teleported behind the two.

In the next second, he was split into two again!

The anode body and the cathode body appeared at the same time!

"Hey! This is"

The two men noticed at the same time and turned around.

Swish~! Swish~!

At the moment when they turned around, Ji Yang's body held the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword and slashed at Shi Tie with all his strength!

The very yin body is holding the Chi Tian axe and slashing at Fei Lian with all his strength!

At this time, the two demon kings had turned around, and they saw the attack of the two main bodies head on!

"not good"

"Damn!"

The two demon kings all roared!

But the enemy attacked too quickly, and they had no time to react, let alone avoid it.

At that very critical moment, the two demon kings thought...

Om~! Om~!

In the next breath, the protective masks lit up around the two demon kings, and the defense level reached 200 million stars!

At this moment, the attacks of the two main bodies fell!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashed again and again!

An axe! A sword!

Directly split Fei Lian into two halves!

Even the protective mask is like half of paper, and it can't resist it at all!

Although the two men are stronger, but Qin Feng has been killing all the way, and the strength is also skyrocketing!

Just now, the two main bodies performed a heart attack, and their attack power was infinitely close to 400 million stars!

How could this two demon kings be able to resist!

With that one blow, the two demon kings were not only split in half, but their soul bodies were also destroyed in one blow!

The two demon kings were killed in seconds!

The mournful roar echoed in the void!

In the next second, the corpses of the two demon kings began to crack inch by inch.

Two more white lights flew out from the corpse and poured into the bodies of the two main bodies.

[You succeeded in killing Fei Lian (early stage of the God King), obtaining +4710 trillion energy points, +17000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing 呲tie (early stage of the God King), obtaining +4930 trillion energy points, +18000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Fei Lian (early stage of the God King), exploding 1 Taiqing Daojing (hurricane), and exploding 1 Chaos Treasure Chest (incomplete state)]

[You successfully killed 呲tie (early stage of God King), exploded 1 Taiqing Daojing (rock), and exploded 1 Chaos Treasure Chest (incomplete state)]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of 'Fei Lian', and your luck value is +46 times]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of 'Tie Tie', and your luck value is +51 times]

【Your level is promoted to level 85】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 78 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's rank and vocation have been promoted simultaneously!

The momentum of the two main bodies increased at the same time, and the strength increased a little!

It's so cool to kill these demon kings!

The two main bodies are overjoyed!

Then, as soon as Ji Yang's body beckoned, he inhaled a blue Taiqing Daojing into his hand...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing (Hurricane)', your points will increase by +1 point, and your points will accumulate 694 points]

[Taiqing Daojing (Hurricane): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of Hurricane Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of A-level water and the law of S-level extreme wind before refining it]

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body showed a satisfied smile.

This Taiqing Daojing, he can refine.

With this in mind, he was sent into the chaotic space.

At the same moment, the very negative body grabbed another khaki Dao crystal into his hand.

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Taiqing Daojing (Rock)', your points will increase by +1 point, and your accumulated points will be 628 points =]

[Taiqing Daojing (rock): Fortune grade, contains 1% Dao rhyme of Yanhua Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the law of A-level soil and the S-level space avenue before refining it]

Another Dao Crystal that can be refined!

The very negative body was also happily sent into the chaotic space!

Afterwards, the two main bodies became one!

Qin Feng appeared again!

With this appearance, he put away all the treasure chests that the two demon kings exploded.

As a result, he has 18 treasure chests in his hand, and as long as he gets 2 more, he can merge into two complete chaos treasure chests.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Then, he took another look at his luck value, and it suddenly reached 4207 times!

For such a harvest, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

"Two more demon kings have been destroyed! There are 6 demon kings and 1 demon emperor left!"

Qin Feng glanced at the battlefield and found that there was nothing missing, and he was relieved.

This mission, he went very smoothly!

Perhaps, he can really destroy the demon king and all the demon kings within an hour!

correct!

Counting the time, the Demon Emperor is still about twelve minutes away from exiting the customs.

He can't delay any longer!

If you wait for the demon king to leave the customs, he will inevitably lead the demon kings to kill, then it will be a little troublesome.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, and quickly put away a seal

In the next second, he performed 'Spirit Plant Devouring', and his whole body lit up with black light, turning into a human-shaped black hole.

The invisible force of devouring instantly enveloped the entire planet

Countless spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits all wither at a speed visible to the naked eye, fall off, or turn into powder or dust

Qin Feng's momentum also began to skyrocket wildly!

It didn't take long for the originally vibrant planet to become lifeless and lifeless...

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes!

With this devouring, he gained a large number of spiritual plant sources, and his combat power soared to 19.27 billion stars!

Afterwards, he began to scavenge for the best god-level spiritual plants on the planet, and got 6 more plants, which can be said to be a lot of harvest.

"It's time to go!"

At this moment, Qin Feng hovered in the starry sky, looking at the eighth planet, the Fei Lian star.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he flew towards Fei Lianxing

Three minutes later, he arrived at Fei Lianxing.

There is also a life planet, overgrown with spiritual plants!

Qin Feng unhesitatingly used 'Spirit Plant Devouring', and the combat power skyrocketed to 19.62 billion stars!

After another four minutes, he reached the seventh planet, the Iron Star.

There are also spiritual plants growing there!

After some devouring, Qin Feng's combat power has reached 19.99 billion stars, which is just one line away from 200 million stars.

At this moment, there are only five minutes left until the Demon Emperor leaves the customs!

There is not much time left for Qin Feng!

He hurried to the sixth planet!

At this very moment, in the sky above the sixth lesson planet, there are so many people, and there are four demon kings watching.

Looking at the breath of the four demon kings, all of them have reached the middle stage of the **** king.

It turned out that the demon kings finally noticed something and gathered on the sixth planet.

At present, the four demon kings have gathered together.

There are two stronger demon kings on their way

Chapter 827: Tune the tiger away from the mountain! Kill the Demon King!

At this moment, over the sixth planet.

The expressions of the four demon kings were all solemn.

I saw the first demon king on the left, with a majestic figure and tiger stripes on his face, whose name was Lu Wu.

He is the owner of the sixth planet, and his strength ranks sixth among the ten demon kings.

On his left is a tall and thin man with black dragon scales, whose name is Ji Meng, who ranks fifth among the ten demon kings.

To the left is a horse-faced man with two wings on his back. His name is Yingzhao, and he ranks fourth among the ten demon kings.

The last one was an elegant and handsome man in white, whose name was Bai Ze, who ranked third among the ten demon kings.

As for the first and second demon kings, the planets they guard are too far away, and they are still on their way.

"Brother Bai Ze, how is the situation?"

At this time, Lu Wu looked at Bai ~ Ze anxiously.

Bai Ze was looking at the communication jade talisman.

Hearing this, he raised his head slightly and sighed helplessly.

"Hey! Bai tried to contact him many times, but the four of them, Xi Tie, Fei Lian, Qin Yuan, and Shang Qing, never responded. There must be something really wrong!"