Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as those words fell, Ji Meng took over.

"It must have been an accident! Look at the planet guarded by the four of them. From a distance, the greenness has subsided and the color has become dull, as if they have lost their vitality! In short, the situation of the four of them is not good!"

Bai Ze nodded slightly: "That's right! The four men of 呲tie are afraid that there will be more fortunes than good luck! The strength of the incoming enemy should not be weak!"

Yingzhao smiled coldly: "If Ying is to see it, it must be that the four of them were careless, and they were all defeated!"

Ji Meng's eyes lit up: "It makes sense! After all, the four people are guarding a planet, and it is easy for them to be defeated! If this is the case, if the person who comes is the mid-term king of the gods, it can also make the four people. More bad luck."

Yingzhao sneered: "It is estimated that the person who came here is in the middle stage of the God King! As far as Ying knows, the players who come from this Holy Land have never appeared in the peak of the God King, and the strongest is the middle stage of the God King. At least that was the case before!"

Lu Wu's eyes lit up: "If the person here is only in the middle stage of the God King, I will not be afraid at all!"

Yingzhao said arrogantly: "Of course! The four of us are different from the four of Sitie! The four of them are in the early stage of the god-king, and we are all in the middle-stage of the god-king. If the four of us join forces, how can we be afraid of a middle-stage god-king? enemy?"

Lu Wu smiled and said, "That's true! Besides, Brother Xiangliu and Brother Jiuying are also coming together. It is estimated that they will be there in three minutes!"

Yingzhao said with a smile: "If those two arrive in time! I'll wait for the six of them to join forces, and they'll all be able to fight against the peak of the God King, so there's no need to be afraid of coming. By the way, in five minutes, the Demon King will come out as well. Is it closed?"

Lu Wu said with joy: "Yes! Lord Monster Emperor will be leaving soon! His strength will skyrocket when he leaves this time! At that time, instead of waiting for the enemy to come, I will take the initiative to attack and kill the enemy! "

As soon as these words fell, the demon kings showed a knowing smile.

The Demon Emperor is the biggest support in their hearts!

In their opinion, as long as the demon emperor is out, the players who invade this demon star region will surely die!

How could a player in the middle stage of the God King escape the grasp of the Demon King?

Up to now, these demon kings still think that Qin Feng's strength is only in the middle stage of the **** king.

They also thought that the four iron-clad people were defeated by each of them.

In this way, the four demon kings chatted while waiting for the other two demon kings to arrive.

Before you know it, two minutes have passed!

Counting the time, the two strongest demon kings, Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying, are about to arrive.

The mood of the four Lu Wu was also more relaxed!

Of course, the four demon kings have not completely relaxed!

They are always staring at the starry sky in front of them, especially the direction of the nearest star, because they are worried that Qin Feng will come quietly.

It's just that they didn't notice that a meteorite wandering in the starry sky was constantly approaching Lu Wuxing, the sixth planet.

At this moment, the meteorite was hundreds of thousands of miles away from Lu Wuxing.

Take a closer look at the meteorite, which is several tens of meters long, gray and unremarkable.

Meteorites like this are very common in the stars.

The four demon kings had discovered it long ago, and the consciousness had also swept through the meteorite, but nothing abnormal was found!

The four demon kings did not know that there was a figure hidden behind the meteorite.

That figure is Qin Feng!

Qin Feng's silent body is very magical. Even if he stands in front of the demon kings, the demon king cannot sense his breath.

But the body of silence is not a method of invisibility, and the body can be seen with the naked eye.

Therefore, Qin Feng hid behind the meteorite and quietly approached Lu Wuxing...

At this moment, he is spying on the four demon kings with his divine sense.

"I didn't expect four demon kings to gather here! It seems that they noticed something. Hey! The breath of these four demon kings..."

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

Under the scan of divine consciousness, he realized that the realm of these four demon kings was actually in the middle stage of the **** king!

Then these four demon kings are much more difficult to deal with than the four men!

Coupled with the fact that the four demon kings are gathered together, it is even more difficult to deal with.

correct!

He had to spy on the specific strength of the four demon kings.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart!

At this moment, the meteorite flew to the side of Lu Wuxing, and it was about to pass by Lu Wuxing...

At that moment, the angle of the meteorite had reached the side and rear of the four demon kings.

The four demon kings are still clueless!

Qin Feng quietly stuck out his head and looked at the backs of the four demon kings.

In the next second, his eyes lit up with a faint silver light, and the eyes of peeping at the four demon kings peeped away...

In just a split second, he spied the details of the four demon kings...

Then Lu Wu's combat power is about 24 billion stars.

Ji Meng's combat power is around 27 billion stars.

Yingzhao's combat power is about 300 million stars.

Bai Ze's combat power is about 32 billion stars.

These four demon kings are extremely powerful!

The combat power of each demon king exceeds Qin Feng's basic combat power!

I am afraid that the combined power of the four demon kings is infinitely close to the threshold of the peak of the **** king.

Qin Feng wants to kill them all with their joint efforts, which is almost impossible!

Here's to trouble!

The demon emperor will be out in two minutes!

Qin Feng must kill all these four demon kings within 2 minutes!

But his basic combat power is only 19.99 billion stars. Even if he uses a knowing blow, he can't kill Yingzhao and Bai Ze!

The combat power of the two demon kings, one is 300 million stars, the other is 32 billion stars, how can it be so easy to kill in seconds!

Even Lu Wu and Ji Meng might not be able to kill them with a sneak attack!

The strength of the two demon kings is also extremely powerful!

Besides, his critical strike has a cooldown!

Once the sneak attack fails, he will be besieged by the four demon kings.

With his current basic combat power, once he is besieged, he will definitely fall behind and be in danger!

"It seems that I have to find a way to separate them, and then destroy them all! Only then can I hope to kill them! Then I..."

Qin Feng pondered in his heart.

At this time, his eyes inadvertently fell on Lu Wuxing.

I saw that on Lu Wuxing, there were lush greenery, spiritual mountain springs, exotic flowers and plants, and there were thousands of them. Among them, there were thousands of spiritual grasses, which was much richer than the planet of the Iron Four!

This is another great treasure house of spiritual plants!

what!

There is a way!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he thought of a coup!

huh~!

Then, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared above Lu Wuxing.

·

However, he is in the eastern hemisphere of Lu Wuxing.

The Four Demon Kings were in the Western Hemisphere, and they couldn't see him at all, nor did they notice his appearance.

At this appearance, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and turned into a very positive body and a very negative body.

Immediately afterwards, the two main bodies pinched a seal, and at the same time displayed the Spirit Plant Devouring

In the next second, the two main bodies lit up with black light, forming two human-shaped black holes!

In just an instant, the double power of devouring covered the entire planet...

Countless spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits all wither at a speed visible to the naked eye, fall off, or turn into powder or dust...

Thousands of Origin Qi of spiritual plants poured into two human-shaped black holes crazily...

The momentum of the two main bodies began to soar wildly all the way...

At the same time, over the Western Hemisphere.

The four demon kings are chatting.

Suddenly, they sensed something, and they all looked down, and saw a large piece of spiritual grass under their feet, withering at a speed visible to the naked eye...

"Hey! This is..."

The demon kings were surprised!

"My Nine Sun Grass!"

Lu Wu exclaimed loudly!

But as soon as he finished speaking, the nine-sun grass, which was a high-grade god, turned into dust in front of everyone's eyes...

Lu Wu suddenly felt extremely painful!

"It's weird! This devouring power comes from the Eastern Hemisphere!"

Bai Ze sensed something instantly, and hurriedly looked in the direction of the eastern hemisphere...

"Damn! Let's go and see!"

Lu Wu seemed to realize something, and his heart was full of anger!

"Walk!"

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, the four demon kings flew towards the eastern hemisphere...

At the same time, over the Eastern Hemisphere!

The two main bodies are fully exerting the 'Spirit Plant Devouring'...

Under the coverage of the double swallowing power, the swallowing speed is extremely fast!

It didn't take long for all the spiritual plants on this planet below the best **** rank to wither and die...

The once vibrant planet has become lifeless...F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

At this moment, the two main bodies slowly opened their eyes, and their eyes showed joy...

After a while, Qin Feng's combat power reached 20.42 billion stars, finally reaching the threshold of the mid-term king of gods.

This makes him very satisfied!

But before he could finish being happy, a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from within the Sea of ​​Consciousness...

[It was detected that your combat power has exceeded 200 million stars, reaching the promotion standard of 'junior evangelist'...]

【Your title is being promoted...】

【Congratulations on your new title—Junior Evangelist! 】

[Title promotion is successful! You have obtained a 1 billion star power blessing! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power "Dharma Phase Golden Body" has been promoted to the intermediate level, and the power has been greatly improved! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'God Punishment Holy Light' has been promoted to the intermediate level, and the power has been greatly improved! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Three Thousand Avatars' has been promoted to the intermediate level, and the power has been greatly improved! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Spirit Plant Devouring' has been promoted to the intermediate level, and the power has been greatly improved! 】