Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of the two main bodies has skyrocketed wildly, and the power of various magical powers has also skyrocketed!

This surprises Qin Feng!

In just a moment, his momentum skyrocketed to 21.42 billion stars, and his strength skyrocketed!

At this time, the two main bodies held the seal again with their hands, and displayed the spiritual plant to devour...

In just a moment, the invisible force of devouring once again covered the planet...

Those remaining top-grade god-level spiritual plants withered at a speed visible to the naked eye...

The power of Lingzhi's devouring has really increased!

It was at this moment that the Four Great Demon Kings appeared.

Chapter 828 Absolutely frozen! The power of magic!

When the four demon kings appeared, they saw two human-shaped black holes!

They understood in an instant that the withered spiritual plant that appeared on Lu Wuxing was caused by those two guys!

"It turns out they did it!"

"Kill them!"

At the moment, the four demon kings are killing the two main bodies!

Bai Ze and Ying move the fastest, rushing to the front...

In the blink of an eye, the four demon kings and the two main bodies were only ten thousand miles apart.

At this moment, the two main bodies were swallowed up!

The six spiritual plants of the highest grade on Lu Wuxing all withered and died!

So far, the resources on Lu Wuxing have been swallowed up by Qin Feng, leaving no trace.

His basic combat power has also skyrocketed to 21.5 billion stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

This makes him quite happy!

At this moment, the black light on the two main bodies subsided, revealing their original appearance, and the realm aura was also revealed.

"Huh! Only in the False God Realm?!"

The four demon kings were quite surprised.

Then Lu Wu was even more shocked and angry!

Could it be that these two False God realm ants devoured his spiritual plant resources?

Swish~!

Just when the four demon kings were in shock, Ji Yang's body flashed and fled into the distance.

The four demon kings suddenly woke up!

"Can you escape?"

Bai Ze sneered, then dodged, chasing after Ji Yang's body...

At the moment when Jiyang's body escaped, the four demon kings discovered beauty again in amazement, and the momentum of Jiyang's body suddenly reached about 21.5 billion stars!

A False God Realm has such an aura!

This is too scary!

However, they did not take it to heart!

Lu Wu, the weakest of the four, has a combat power of 24 billion stars, which is a lot stronger than that kid.

Swish~!

Just like that, Bai Ze chased after the body of Ji Yang!

Seeing that Jiyang's body is not weak, Yingzhao followed closely and chased away towards Jiyang's body.

Then Lu Wu and Ji Meng went to the extreme yin body to kill...

As soon as the extreme yin body saw the two demon kings coming, it fled in the other direction!

Lu Wu and Ji Meng are in hot pursuit!

In this way, the two main bodies fled separately, but in completely opposite directions.

However, their speed is not as fast as the four demon kings, they will always be slower!

The distance between the two sides is getting closer and closer!

However, the distance between the anode body and the cathode body is getting farther and farther.

This means that Qin Feng has separated the four demon kings!

The four demon kings didn't notice it!

The main reason is that the combat power and momentum displayed by the two main bodies are not as good as them, and they don't take it too seriously.

The only thing that surprised them was that there were two enemies, not one.

This also made them understand why the Iron Four would suffer.

The existence of the threshold of two **** kings in the middle stage, how can they not win when they join forces to deal with a **** king in the early stage?

pity!

The two little thieves met the four of them!

This time, these two little thieves will surely die!

Thinking of this, the four demon kings are determined to catch up!

In a blink of an eye, the polar anode body and the polar negative body are already millions of miles apart, and the distance has been pulled large enough.

At this time, Bai Ze and Yingzhao also caught up with Ji Yang's body!

"Human! You can't escape!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Bai Ze punched the back of Ji Yang's body and blasted away!

The attacking momentum suddenly reached 35 billion stars, exceeding Bai Ze's own combat power!

Boom~!

At the same moment, Yingzhao also punched out with all his strength, and his momentum reached 33 billion stars!

The two fists are connected!

Boxing power covers the sky!

The potential of joining forces is infinitely close to 400 million stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the two people's fists passed, the starry sky was cracked, the laws were broken, and the momentum was ruined!

The body of Jiyang also changed slightly!

In the blink of an eye, the joint strike of the two demon kings killed them in front of me...

And Ji Yang's body is locked by the momentum of the two demon kings, and it is inevitable!

Seeing that the joint strike is about to hit the body of Jiyang, and the mutation in the field suddenly occurs!

huh~!

The polar yang body turned into a white light and suddenly disappeared out of thin air!

Boom~Long~!

That joint strike, immediately hit the air!

Kacha~!

A huge black hole was blasted out of the center of the explosion!

The starry sky! All cracked!

The whole starry sky is shaking!

Meanwhile, on the other side.

Lu Wu and Ji Meng are about to catch up with the very yin body.

But at this moment, the extreme yin body suddenly turned around and looked at the two demon kings!

Lu Wu and the two demons were overjoyed, and immediately shot!

Boom~! Boom~!

The two demon kings each punched, and the momentum was shocking!

The power of Lu Wu's punch reached 27 billion stars.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The power of Ji Meng's punch has reached 29 billion stars!

The two fists joined forces, and the momentum was linked together, which was comparable to a 35 billion star strike, extremely terrifying!

Om~!

At this time, the very negative body also shot!

The Chi Tian Axe in his hand lit up with a dazzling white light!

The power of chaos!

The power of luck!

Bless them all!

The momentum of that axe skyrocketed, reaching about 24 billion stars in the blink of an eye!

Lu Wu Er Yao is disdainful!

Such an attack would never stop their joint strike!

It is estimated that in one face-to-face, they will be able to injure this human being!

Thinking of this, Lu Wu's eyes showed a ferocious look!

It was this human who plundered the source of all his spiritual plants!

He must slaughter this human being to scum before he can let out that bad breath!

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

The joint strike of the two demon kings killed them in the blink of an eye!

At this moment, the extreme yin body slashed away wildly with an axe, meeting the attacks of the two demon kings!

At that moment, his whole temperament changed, and a sense of invincibility suddenly radiated from him!

Only me in heaven and earth!

Keep going!

Swish~!

That axe lit up with golden light!

The power is also instantly doubled!

The two demon kings suddenly felt bad!

But without waiting for them to think about it, Ji Yang's body also appeared strangely behind them, and slashed at the two demons with all his strength!

not good!

Lu Wu Er Yao roared in his heart!

Bang~!