Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng and his clone rushed to the turtle king at the same time.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

The Turtle King is in a hurry, and the strange calls are repeated.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The turtles attacked quickly.

Suddenly, hundreds of ice arrows were divided into two groups.

A wave shot towards the phantom clone.

A wave shot towards Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng's long sword danced wildly.

Knife gas vertical and horizontal!

Earthshaking!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, he shattered hundreds of ice arrows.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

And the rest of the ice arrows, all bombarded him, but he also carried them all down.

Bang~!

On the other side, the phantom clone did not hold it, and was blasted on the spot, turning into countless spots of light.

The Turtle King was overjoyed, and he was about to mobilize the group and launch a second attack.

But before it could move, Qin Feng took the opportunity to kill him.

Swish~!

The turtle king roared, screaming constantly.

This time, it was too late to organize a group attack because Qin Feng was too close to it.

At the critical moment, dozens of giant tortoises rushed towards Qin Feng desperately, trying to resist.

As long as they stop Qin Feng, the Turtle King can successfully organize the second wave of group attacks.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng was divided into two again.

The phantom clones condensed out again and rushed towards the dozens of giant tortoises.

Although the clone is only half as powerful as Qin Feng, it is far stronger than the giant tortoises.

As soon as he shot, he hacked and killed several in a row.

At the same time, Qin Feng continued to kill the Turtle King.

Without the obstruction of the giant tortoises, in just one breath, he killed the tortoise king.

The Turtle King was terrified and wanted to turn around and run away, but it was too late.

At the critical moment, it opened its mouth and spewed out a large cloud of blue mist.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In an instant, the water within a radius of 100 meters solidified into ice.

Qin Feng was also instantly frozen in it.

The Turtle King was overjoyed and wanted to take the opportunity to escape.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Click~! Bang~!

But at this moment, there was a shocking explosion!

The 100-meter ice block burst instantly!

Qin Feng broke out of the seal and instantly killed the turtle king.

He has already mastered the true meaning of ice.

How could the freezing technique trap him!

Swish~!

Underwater knife light flashes!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood spurted out, dyeing the lake red.

The Turtle King didn't even have time to let out a scream, and was split into two halves.

[Killing the 14th-level Unicorn Turtle King (King-level) successfully, and obtaining +7000 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Unicorn Turtle King (King-level), and gained +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the 14th-level Unicorn Turtle King (King-level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】

[Killing the 14th-level Unicorn Turtle King (King-level) successfully, the quest item - King's Core (Water) is released]

good! good!

The third king core is in hand!

A silver treasure chest was also revealed.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Boom~!

As soon as the turtle king died, the entire turtle group lost its backbone, and the fighting spirit collapsed in an instant.

Suddenly, all the turtles scurried around, and no one organized a counterattack.

This time, it wasn't just the Turtle King who died.

Even the two Turtle Generals in the group died early.

Qin Feng was overjoyed, secretly thinking that the opportunity to harvest had come.

At the moment, he and the phantom clone separated and rushed to the turtle group.

Those giant tortoises did not have the will to resist, and they were immediately killed to the uttermost, turning into a one-sided slaughter.

In this way, one person and one clone, madly killing the Quartet...

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

Every time Qin Feng went down, more than a dozen giant tortoises died.

[Your phantom clone successfully killed the level 14 Ironback Spinning Turtle, and you got +730 energy points. 】

[Your phantom clone successfully killed the level 14 Ironback Spinning Turtle, and you got +730 energy points. 】

[Your phantom clone successfully killed the level 14 Ironback Spinning Turtle, and you got +730 energy points. 】

Every time the phantom clones go down, four or five will die.

The superposition of the two means that Qin Feng can harvest the lives of more than 20 giant tortoises with each knife.

Suddenly, his energy value was soaring all the way, and it was not far from the upgrade in just a moment.

He was in a good mood, and he harvested the turtles happily.

Chapter 102 The Temple of Heavenly Punishment

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

 …

In just a moment, Qin Feng and his clones hunted and killed more than 300 giant tortoises...

Only a few minutes before and after.

The speed of killing monsters is terrifying!

It was at this moment~ that Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Your level has been promoted to level 12! -】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

Upgraded!

Finally upgraded!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with upgraded white light, and his momentum soared.

He was overjoyed.

At the same time, the tortoises were already running away.

Seeing this, Qin Feng quickly flashed his figure and plunged into the slaughter again.

This is a great opportunity for him to harvest energy, how can he let these giant tortoises go...

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 14 iron-backed tortoise and obtained +730 energy value. 】

 …

A killing feast continues...

At the same time, on the Bone Wasteland.

Liu Xuan is fighting fiercely with three level 10 beasts.

I saw twenty steel knives whistling around him, among them blood wolf knives.

These twenty-one weapons formed a knife array. Under the control of his magnetic talent, he was so powerful that he killed three level 10 beasts.

In just a moment, he beheaded a fierce beast, and his momentum suddenly increased.

A few minutes later, the other two beasts also died under the chaos of the sword.

"My strength is getting stronger and stronger! With one enemy against three, in less than a quarter of an hour, I killed three level 10 beasts!"

Liu Xuan smiled with satisfaction.

He was very satisfied with his results.

At this rate, he will soon be able to rise to level 9.

Having said that, this upgrade is getting harder and harder!