Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the axe of the extreme yin body collided with the attacks of the two demon kings!

An earth-shattering explosion!

Void burst!

The starry sky shakes!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The giant fists of the two demon kings were cracked inch by inch, and blood was flowing!

The huge impact force doubled the qi and blood in their chests, almost spitting blood!

At that moment, the figures of the two demon kings were blown away involuntarily...

But before they were blasted out, the sword of Ji Yang's body also came!

Om~!

That sword also lit up the sky with golden light!

The monstrous sword intent!

I am the only one!

Suddenly it is also a knowing blow!

The power of that sword doubled in an instant, reaching 48 billion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

And Lu Wu and the two demons are still in a state of being bombarded, and they can't escape, let alone defend!

Swish~!

Heavenly Sword Light! Across the stars!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

With just one sword, Ji Yang's body split the two demon kings into two halves!

Terrible roar! Reverberate in the stars!

Then Lu Wu was slashed and killed with a sword on the spot, and even his soul body was instantly wiped out!

Ke Kemeng's corpse lit up with red light, but it was about to be reunited again, trying to be resurrected

His strength is one step stronger than Lu Wu, and he didn't get his soul body smashed by that sword.

However, his soul body has also been severely damaged and is in an extremely weak state.

Before his corpses were assembled, the two main bodies shot again!

Swish~! Swish~!

Axe light! Sword light! Light up at the same time!

One after another chopped on top of the corpse!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two shocking explosions!

Ji Meng's corpse was bombed!

Turned into a blood fog!

Poof~!

Another soft sound!

The fragile soul hidden in the corpse will be wiped out!

Terrible roar! Echoing in the stars again!

Then, two dazzling white lights flew out of the blood mist and poured into the bodies of the two main bodies...

Two more white lights flew out from the corpse and poured into the bodies of the two main bodies...

[You succeeded in killing Lu Wu (the mid-term king of the gods), obtaining +6210 trillion energy points, +24000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Ji Meng (mid-stage God King), obtaining +6930 trillion energy points, +27000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed Lu Wu (mid-stage God King), and 1 Taiqing Daojing (Feng) burst out, and 2 Chaos Treasure Chests burst out (incomplete state)]

[You successfully killed Ji Meng (mid-stage **** king), and exploded 1 Taiqing Daojing (fog) and 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Sword has absorbed all the luck of 'Lu Wu', and your luck value is +57 times]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of ‘Ji Meng’, your luck value is +66 times]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He finally killed the two demon kings!

The demon king in the middle stage of the **** king is really different. Each demon king can explode 2 treasure chests.

As a result, the treasure chests in his hand reached 22, and two complete chaos treasure chests could be synthesized.

In addition, Lu Wu and Ji Meng have more luck.

This gave Qin Feng more luck.

At this moment, his luck has reached 4310 times!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

At this moment, a terrifying roar came from not far away!

"Damn!"

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, Bai Ze and Yingzhao were slaughtered!

At the moment of 3.8, they finally realized that they had hit the trick!

The two demon kings were instantly annoyed and madly killed them

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was a resounding and earth-shattering sound of breaking the air in the distance.

The two main bodies were startled, and they quickly followed the sound and saw two heaven-reaching monsters coming from a distance!

One is a giant bird with nine heads, its body is hundreds of millions of feet long, and its whole body is red like fire.

That is the demon king Jiuying, who ranks second among the ten demon kings!

The other is a giant snake with nine heads, and its body is also hundreds of millions of feet long.

That is the demon king Xiangliu, who ranks first among the ten demon kings!

At this moment, the demonic energy in the distance is soaring into the sky, filled with starry sky!

The two strongest demon kings also arrived!

The two main bodies suddenly felt bad, and quickly cleaned up the spoils...

With just a wave of hands, the two main bodies put away 4 treasure chests.

Then, Ji Yang's body waved his hand and put away the white Taiqing Daojing...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on obtaining a Taiqing Daojing (fog), your points will increase by +1 point, and your points will accumulate to 794 points]

The very yin body waved his hand and put away the silver Taiqing Daojing...

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a Taiqing Daojing (Feng), your points will increase by +1 point, and your points will accumulate 728 points]

The two main bodies had only finished collecting the spoils, and Bai Ze and Yingzhao were killed.

Chapter 829 The scorching sun is in the sky! The Demon King is out!

As soon as Bai Ze killed it, he launched an attack on Jiyang's body!

Boom~!

I saw him throw a punch with all his strength!

In the process of swinging that giant fist, it actually gave birth to pieces of fish scales at a speed visible to the naked eye!

The momentum of that punch is also skyrocketing, reaching 3.7 million stars in the blink of an eye, which is actually a lot stronger than the previous attack!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He also saw that the two main bodies actually killed Lu Wu and the two demons, and only then did he know how powerful these two main bodies were!

At this moment, he no longer dared to keep his hands, and he would do his best!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that where the fist wind passed, the power of extreme cold spread out, sweeping across a hundred miles in an instant!

The two main bodies were also swept across the body by the cold air, and suddenly felt the chill to the bones, and the surface of the body actually condensed a thick layer of frost at a speed visible to the naked eye!

This surprised the two main bodies!

Fortunately, the two main bodies are powerful!

It turned out that Bai Ze mastered the avenue of cold!

At this moment, he even unleashed the power of the Great Dao...

At the same moment, Yingzhao also punched the very yin body with a punch!

His claws also turned turquoise, and venomous thorns grew, and the power of that blow reached 35 billion stars!

In the blink of an eye, Bai Ze's attack was in front of Ji Yang's body!

Yingzhao's attack, killed in front of the very yin body

At this moment, the knowing blow of the two main bodies is still in a cooling state.

In the face of such a terrifying attack, the two main bodies did not dare to make a hard connection.

With this in mind, the two main bodies will cast teleportation!

But the next second, the two main bodies were horrified to discover that the teleportation failed.

It turned out that Bai Ze's cold punch was exactly his supernatural power—absolutely frozen!

Absolutely frozen! Freeze everything!

Even the laws of space can be frozen!

Because of this, the teleportation of the two clones failed 19!

The two main bodies were suddenly shocked!

But without waiting for them to think about it, Bai Ze and Yingzhao's attack killed him!

At this moment, the two main bodies had to bite the bullet and meet each other's attack!

Swish~! Swish~!

The sword light and the axe light flashed!

But without knowing each other, the attack power of the two main bodies is only about 24 billion stars!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

Baili Starry Sky! All burst!

The two main bodies groaned, and they all vomited blood and flew backwards, rolling over a thousand feet!

Only one face to face, the two main bodies were cracked, blood flowed, and they became blood people.

If you don't have the Heavenly Hegemony Body, I'm afraid that under that blow, you will be bombed!

Seeing this scene, Bai Ze Er Yao was overjoyed!

It turns out that these two guys are just like that!