Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It seems that what kind of magical skills they used to kill Lu Wu before.

However, that magical ability has a cooldown, and they can't play it a second time now.

In this way, these two humans are not as strong as imagined!

The two demon kings figured out the cause and effect in an instant!

They are demon kings, and they are well-informed!

While you are sick! kill you!

Swish~! Swish~!

With this success, Bai Ze slaughtered the body of Jiyang again!

Yingzhao also killed the very yin body!

At this moment, the two main bodies are glowing with blue light, and they are healing those cracks.

But the attacks of the God King Realm contain the power of the Great Dao.

Injured by the power of the Dao, the healing effect will be much worse.

The injuries of the two main bodies failed to recover to 1% for a long time, and the wounds healed extremely slowly.

The injury has not recovered, and in that state of serious injury, the momentum of the two main bodies has plummeted, and even 200 million stars have not been reached.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the two demons of Bai Ze killed the road again!

Boom~!

Bai Ze threw another punch!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Absolutely frozen!

Cast again!

The hundred miles of space is frozen again!

He just wants to stop it in advance, the teleportation skills of the two main bodies!

In this way, the two main bodies became the turtles in the urn!

Such a change made the two main bodies frown!

Boom~! Boom~!

But the two demons Bai Ze didn't give them a chance to breathe, and came back to kill with all their strength!

The eyes of the two demons are full of pride!

Before, they failed to kill the two main bodies with one blow, so this time they must be able to!

Because these two human beings have been severely injured, it is impossible to recover their injuries in an instant.

If you want to instantly restore the trauma caused by the power of the avenue, you must master the avenue of life, or the avenue of longevity!

Obviously, this human has no grasp!

In their opinion, the two main bodies are dead!

They can finally avenge the two demons Lu Wu!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

I saw the extreme yin body hand pinch a seal.

Back in time! Instant start!

In just a moment, in a radius of 100 miles, the universe is reversed, and time is reversed!

The second demon Bai Ze returned to the position one second ago!

The two main bodies also returned to their original places, and the injuries on their bodies also healed automatically at a speed visible to the naked eye, and their momentum returned to their peak.

This scene suddenly made Bai Ze stunned!

His absolute ice seal can freeze the laws of space, but not the laws of time, nor the laws of time and space!

But in the next breath, he reacted and was about to attack again!

Yingzhao also responded in the same way!

But without waiting for the two demons to start, Ji Yang's body also started a seal!

Om~!

Time and space imprisoned!

A radius of a hundred miles! Time stands still!

The two demons of Bai Ze were instantly frozen on the spot!

huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared!

Boom~Long~Long~!

This appearance, his whole body lit up with golden light, transformed into a giant of hundreds of millions of feet, standing upright, and his momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

Dharma golden body!

Cast it out!

Promoted to a junior preacher, the golden body of the law has also been promoted to the intermediate level, and the power has increased greatly!

All combat power and defense have skyrocketed by 50%!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's aura reached 36 billion stars, which was even stronger than Bai Ze!

Click~!

It was at this moment that Bai Ze first got rid of the confinement of time and space and regained his freedom!

When he saw Qin Feng's change in momentum, he was horrified.

However, this kind of combat power is only 3 billion stars higher than him, and there is not much advantage!

After all, his basic combat power has reached about 32 billion!

But when he had this idea, Qin Feng slashed with all his strength!

Swish~!

The sword light cuts through the sky!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword lit up with golden light!

Invincible Sword Intent! Instant explosion!

Only me in heaven and earth! A heart attack!

The power of that sword suddenly doubled!

Suddenly reached 72 billion stars!

It turns out that after all this time wasted, Qin Feng's cooldown time of knowing blow has finally ended!

He instantly seized the opportunity to fight back!

"not good!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Bai Zetian feels bad!

But all this is too late!

In a hurry, he had to hold up a protective mask in time!

Swish~!

That piercing sword light slashed down!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That sword split Bai Ze in half!

Its soul body also collapsed instantly!

That's the power of a heart attack!

The only regret is that this skill has a cooldown limit!

It was at this moment that Yingzhao also got rid of the shackles of time and space, just in time to see the scene where Bai Ze was killed.

He was so frightened that his face was pale, and his eyes were full of horror!

This human lore move is too terrifying.

In the next breath, he turned around and ran away without even thinking about it!

Qin Feng was about to hunt down, and at this moment, a white light flew from Bai Ze's corpse and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing Bai Ze (God King mid-term), obtaining +7410 trillion energy points, +33000 gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing Bai Ze (the middle stage of the God King), and 1 Taiqing Daojing (cold) was released, and 2 Chaos Treasure Chests were released (incomplete state)]

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of 'Bai Ze', and your luck value is +79 times]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 79 Judgment Supreme (Advanced)]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's vocation was upgraded, and his momentum immediately increased a lot!

He was surprised and delighted!

Then, he waved his hand again, and put away the two treasure chests and the Taiqing Daojing (Han)...

After doing this, he will go after Yingzhao...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, a monstrous avenue of power radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Dry), comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Dao of Dryness, and your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow—The Dao of Drought! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +120 million stars]

[Your chaotic space is successfully integrated with the Avenue of Drought, greatly enhanced, and you will permanently receive 120 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

283 He gained another kind of Dao power!

This is one of the avenues taken from the raven.

The Avenue of Drought is an ordinary avenue, which only boosted him 300 million star combat power.

However, Qin Feng is already very satisfied!

What he needs most now is to improve his combat power, and the 300 million star upgrade is the basic combat power!

With the blessing of the Dharma Phase Golden Body (intermediate), his comprehensive combat power has reached about 36.5 billion stars!

Swish~!

This strength skyrocketed, and Qin Feng chased and killed Yingzhao!

At this moment, his strength is a lot stronger than Yingzhao, even if he doesn't use a knowing strike, he can still overwhelm Yingzhao!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just listen to the starry sky shaking behind you!

When Yingzhao saw Qin Feng chasing him, his face changed greatly!

Immediately, he shouted for help in front of him!

"Brother Xiangliu! Brother Jiuying! Save me! Save me!"