Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, he was escaping in the direction of Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying!

The two strongest demon kings also witnessed the scene of Bai Ze being killed, and they were all shocked and inexplicable!

At this moment, seeing Ying calling for help, the two demons were suddenly awakened from shock!

"Yingzhao! I'll be here to help you!"

At the moment, the two demons echoed and rushed towards Yingzhao with all their strength.

But at this moment, Qin Feng was chasing after him.

He is only a few hundred miles away from Yingzhao!

Nine Infants and Two Demons are tens of thousands of miles away from Yingzhao.

Seeing that he is about to be caught up, Yingzhao is in a hurry!

Jiuying also roared loudly: "Human! Stop!"

Qin Feng ignored it!

huh~!

The next second, he teleported to the back of Yingzhao, and slashed towards Yingzhao with a sword.

British recruit shocked!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Had to turn around to resist!

The two sides battle it out!

As soon as they fought, Yingzhao fell into a big disadvantage, was killed and retreated, and the situation became more and more critical.

After a few seconds, Jiuying and Xiangliu finally arrived nearby, but they were only a thousand miles apart.

Yingzhao seemed to see hope and thought that he could be saved!

But at this moment, the cooldown time of that heart attack is over!

Qin Feng struck the sky again with a sword that instantly slashed Yingzhao to death!

The sky-shaking roar resounded in the starry sky!

Nine babies and two demons slaughtered angrily...

Chapter 830 Sweep the resources! Create spirits!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took another look at the direction where the demon emperor left.

After confirming that the demon emperor was really far away, he flew towards the fifth star

The speed of the anode body is extremely fast!

Four minutes later, he arrived at the sky above Ji Mengxing, the fifth planet.

Looking around, the planet has dense vegetation, spiritual springs everywhere, and the spiritual energy between heaven and earth is also extremely rich.

This is another huge treasure house of spiritual plant origin.

Ji Yang's body didn't waste time, he hurriedly squeezed the seal, and activated the supernatural power - Lingzhi Devouring!

Om~!

In just an instant, he radiated black light all over his body and turned into a human-shaped black hole.

The invisible power of devouring emanated from the black hole, covering the entire planet

Afterwards, countless spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, spiritual fruits, and spiritual trees withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Thousands of Taoist spirits are rooted in the body, pouring into the body of the polar body

His momentum suddenly soared all the way!

It didn't take long for the spiritual plants of the entire planet to wither away, even the top-grade god-level spiritual plants were no exception, becoming lifeless.

At this time, the black light on the anode body faded away.

He slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

With just this devouring, his basic combat power has skyrocketed, reaching 22.32 billion stars.

This makes the anode body extremely satisfied!

What he needs most now is to improve his strength!

Only when his strength is improved can he have a first-line chance to kill Jiuying, Xiangliu and the Demon Emperor.

"Hoo~! It's finally devoured!"

At this point, the anode body breathed a sigh of relief.

He looked around and smiled contentedly.

Afterwards, he looked at the starry sky behind him, and there was a hint of worry in his eyes.

The demon emperor is chasing after the extreme yin body, and sooner or later the truth will be discovered.

He wanted to copy the Demon Emperor's lair before the Demon Emperor noticed it.

Otherwise, he has no chance!

With this in mind, Jiyang's body did not dare to delay, and hurried to the fourth planet

As soon as his strength increased, his speed was 283 times faster!

Three and a half minutes later, he arrived at the fourth planet.

Ji Yang's body directly used Lingzhi to swallow, and the basic combat power soared to 22.86 billion stars, and the strength rose again!

After another 3 minutes, he arrived at the third planet.

After being swallowed by Lingzhi, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 23.49 billion stars!

After another 2 and a half minutes, he arrived at the second planet.

After being swallowed by Lingzhi, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 24.6 billion stars!

After another 2 minutes, he arrived at the first planet.

In this way, the strength of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed!

The speed of his escape is also getting faster and faster.

In the end, it only took him 2 minutes to reach the first planet, Xiang Liuxing.

That is Xiangliu's lair!

After another devour of spiritual plants, Qin Feng's basic combat power skyrocketed again, reaching 24.73 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body resides in the sky above Xiangliu Star, overlooking the withered spiritual plants all over the ground, showing a satisfied smile.

If Xiangliu found out that all the resources in his nest were swallowed up by Qin Feng, he was afraid that he would vomit blood on the spot.

Thinking of this, Jiyang's body slowly raised his head and looked at the sun star ahead!

Xiang Liu is the closest to the Sun!

At this moment, when Ji Yang's body hovers over Xiang Liuxing, you can feel the infinite heat. The temperature of Xiang Liuxing reaches hundreds of degrees from the sun.

At such a temperature, ordinary people cannot survive at all, nor can ordinary plants survive.

Therefore, the plants that can grow on Xiang Liuxing are all high-level spiritual plants.

Now, they are all swallowed up by the anode body.

Next, the polar body will go to the sun star to see it!

Sunstar is the Demon Emperor's lair. I wonder what treasures will be on it?

There is some expectation to think about it!

Now, he is ready to go to Sunstar!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the power of the monstrous avenue radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his body.

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (rain), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of the Dao of Drought, your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of rain! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +120 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated with the Avenue of Rain, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 120 million stars for the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the power of the ‘Avenue of Rain’ flooded the entire body of Ji Yang

His aura was soaring wildly!

It turned out that his mind body was finally refined at this moment with the Taiqing Daojing (rain) obtained from Shang Qing.

After a long time, all the movement slowly disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

After a while, his basic combat power reached 25.3 billion stars!

He is extremely satisfied with such an improvement!

"It's just the right time for this Rain Road to awaken. I wonder if I can kill Xiang Liu with my current strength?"

Ji Yang murmured in his heart.

The existence of Xiangliu makes him always feel that it is a big hidden danger!

If Xiangliu didn't die, it would be twice as difficult for him to kill the Demon Emperor.

That guy has mastered the avenue of life and can instantly heal the demon emperor's injuries.

Therefore, if he wants to destroy the Demon Emperor, he must first destroy Xiang Liu.

With the target of the avenue of life, he must blast it with one blow, and it is best to kill it in one blow.

To achieve a one-shot kill, his basic combat power needs to reach more than 28 billion stars, so that he has a chance.

But his current combat power is 25.3 billion stars, which is still quite different from 28 billion stars!

"It seems that I have to find a way to improve my combat power! That's right!"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, as if he thought of something.

The next second, as soon as he waved his hand, more than twenty spiritual plants appeared in front of him, all of them of the highest grade.

This is what he has harvested before, and has never been refined.

Now, his Devouring Magical Ability has soared, it is better to devour it now and use it to improve his combat power.

Thinking of it, do it, Jiyang body quickly pinched the seal, and displayed 'Spirit Plant Devouring'

In just an instant, the endless devouring power devoured all the top-quality spiritual plants.

In the next second, those spiritual plants quickly withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Immediately afterwards, one after another huge source power poured into the body of the polar yang.

His momentum began to soar all the way!

It didn't take long for those top-quality spiritual plants to turn into powder and disperse with the wind.

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face showed joy again.

With just this devouring, his basic combat power soared to 25.3 billion stars again, a big step forward from the goal of 28 billion!

"It's finally done!"

Next, whether he can increase his combat power to 28 billion stars depends on the harvest on Sunstar.

At the moment, when the mind of Jiyang's body moved, a fission body of Jiyang was separated, and then the figure flashed and flew towards the sun star.

After the polar body left, the fission body displayed the "silent body" and quietly hid.

In this way, the polar body flies straight to the sun star!

On the other side, the demon emperor, Xiangliu, and Jiuying are still chasing and killing the very yin body.

Three minutes later, the polar sun body flew over the sun star.