Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, his eyes are full of blazing white flames, like a sea of ​​fire, endless

The surrounding temperature has reached tens of thousands of degrees, which can melt iron.

If ordinary humans come here, they will be vaporized in an instant!

With the strength of Jiyang's body, under such high temperature baking, he is calm and composed, and there is not even a single drop of sweat on his forehead.

"This is the sun star!"

Ji Yang's body overlooked the bottom, with some emotion in his heart.

He never thought that he could fly to the sun one day.

Although this sun is not that sun, the types are similar and there is not much difference.

correct!

Where is the Demon Emperor's lair?

Boom~!

Just a thought, the consciousness of Jiyang's body instantly swept the entire sun star.

After a while, his eyes lit up and he looked in a certain direction!

In that direction, there was a huge valley filled with white flames.

And in that sea of ​​fire, there is a golden temple that is as high as hundreds of millions of feet!

Obviously, the Golden Temple is the Demon Emperor's lair!

Swish~!

Jiyang body dodged and flew towards the golden temple

After a while, he reached the sky above the valley, fell directly from the sky, and fell into the sea of ​​fire.

This time it entered the sea of ​​​​fire, and the surrounding temperature suddenly soared to hundreds of thousands of degrees.

The body of Ji Yang finally felt a burning sensation, and sweat dripped from his forehead.

He looked around and saw flames all around him, his eyes stinging from the flames.

In the next second, his eyes lit up with aura, pierced through layers of flames, and looked around.

Looking at it, he found that there were a lot of spiritual plants growing in the valley.

There are sun **** flowers that are red and bright like fire, fire essence grass that glitters with golden light, nine sun fruits that are red as blood, and three suns that are purple and golden.

At a glance at the body of Jiyang, there are dozens of varieties, all of which are top-quality god-level spiritual plants, covering the valleys with a radius of 100 miles.

Extremely positive body rejoice!

Excited!

This time, he really came right!

Just the spiritual plants in this valley, the source energy contained in them is several times more than those of the demon king's nest!

Of course, the treasures in this valley are more than that!

The body of Jiyang looked to the left side of the valley again, where there was a spiritual pond, which was filled with golden spiritual liquid.

As soon as his heart moved, he peeped towards the Lingchi.

[Tangchi: Good Fortune, Innate Blessed Land]

[This pool can automatically absorb the essence of the sun and condense the 'Jiuyang Shenlu']

[Jiuyang Shenlu: Creation Grade Spiritual Liquid, you need to master the S Grade Extreme Yang Law before refining]

[Reminder: Refining a thousand drops of Nine Sun God Dew can automatically awaken the ‘Road of the Sun’]

Seeing this, the eyes of the polar body are shining!

This is actually a blessed place of good fortune. Looking at the spiritual fluid in the pool, there are tens of thousands of drops of Jiuyang Divine Dew.

These divine dew, he only needs to refine a thousand drops, and he can obtain the power of the 'Road of the Sun'.

Not only can he, he can also let some subordinates who master the law of extreme sun, and also master the 'Road of the Sun'.

Being able to master a Dao is equivalent to having the potential to become a God King!

This 'Tanggu' is very useful for him to cultivate his subordinates!

The more I think about it, the more excited I get!

However, instead of rushing to collect the soup pool, he looked towards the right side of the valley

Boom~!

When he saw it, he was stunned!

I saw that in that corner, a spiritual creature of the pinnacle level of fortune grew, and its momentum was astonishing.

Chapter 831 Heaven and Earth Spiritual Roots! Great Sun Fire!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took another look at the direction where the demon emperor left.

After confirming that the demon emperor was really far away, he flew towards the fifth star

The speed of the anode body is extremely fast!

Four minutes later, he arrived at the sky above Ji Mengxing, the fifth planet.

Looking around, the planet has dense vegetation, spiritual springs everywhere, and the spiritual energy between heaven and earth is also extremely rich.

This is another huge treasure house of spiritual plant origin.

Ji Yang's body didn't waste time, he hurriedly squeezed the seal, and activated the supernatural power - Lingzhi Devouring!

Om~!

In just an instant, he radiated black light all over his body and turned into a human-shaped black hole.

The invisible power of devouring emanated from the black hole, covering the entire planet

Afterwards, countless spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, spiritual fruits, and spiritual trees withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Thousands of Taoist spirits are rooted in the body, pouring into the body of the polar body

His momentum suddenly soared all the way!

It didn't take long for the spiritual plants of the entire planet to wither away, even the top-grade god-level spiritual plants were no exception, becoming lifeless.

At this time, the black light on the anode body faded away.

He slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

With just this devouring, his basic combat power has skyrocketed, reaching 22.32 billion stars.

This makes the anode body extremely satisfied!

What he needs most now is to improve his strength!

Only when his strength is improved can he have a first-line chance to kill Jiuying, Xiangliu and the Demon Emperor.

"Hoo~! It's finally devoured!"

At this point, the anode body breathed a sigh of relief.

He looked around and smiled contentedly.

Afterwards, he looked at the starry sky behind him, and there was a hint of worry in his eyes.

The demon emperor is chasing after the extreme yin body, and sooner or later the truth will be discovered.

He wanted to copy the Demon Emperor's lair before the Demon Emperor noticed it.

Otherwise, he has no chance!

With this in mind, Jiyang's body did not dare to delay, and hurried to the fourth planet

As soon as his strength increased, his speed was 283 times faster!

Three and a half minutes later, he arrived at the fourth planet.

Ji Yang's body directly used Lingzhi to swallow, and the basic combat power soared to 22.86 billion stars, and the strength rose again!

After another 3 minutes, he arrived at the third planet.

After being swallowed by Lingzhi, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 23.49 billion stars!

After another 2 and a half minutes, he arrived at the second planet.

After being swallowed by Lingzhi, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 24.6 billion stars!

After another 2 minutes, he arrived at the first planet.

In this way, the strength of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed!

The speed of his escape is also getting faster and faster.

In the end, it only took him 2 minutes to reach the first planet, Xiang Liuxing.

That is Xiangliu's lair!

After another devour of spiritual plants, Qin Feng's basic combat power skyrocketed again, reaching 24.73 billion stars in a blink of an eye!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At this moment, Ji Yang's body resides in the sky above Xiangliu Star, overlooking the withered spiritual plants all over the ground, showing a satisfied smile.

If Xiangliu found out that all the resources in his nest were swallowed up by Qin Feng, he was afraid that he would vomit blood on the spot.

Thinking of this, Jiyang's body slowly raised his head and looked at the sun star ahead!

Xiang Liu is the closest to the Sun!

At this moment, when Ji Yang's body hovers over Xiang Liuxing, you can feel the infinite heat. The temperature of Xiang Liuxing reaches hundreds of degrees from the sun.

At such a temperature, ordinary people cannot survive at all, nor can ordinary plants survive.

Therefore, the plants that can grow on Xiang Liuxing are all high-level spiritual plants.

Now, they are all swallowed up by the anode body.

Next, the polar body will go to the sun star to see it!

Sunstar is the Demon Emperor's lair. I wonder what treasures will be on it?

There is some expectation to think about it!

Now, he is ready to go to Sunstar!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the power of the monstrous avenue radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness and poured into his body.

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (rain), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of the Dao of Drought, your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of rain! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +120 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated with the Avenue of Rain, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 120 million stars for the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the power of the ‘Avenue of Rain’ flooded the entire body of Ji Yang

His aura was soaring wildly!

It turned out that his mind body was finally refined at this moment with the Taiqing Daojing (rain) obtained from Shang Qing.

After a long time, all the movement slowly disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

After a while, his basic combat power reached 25.3 billion stars!

He is extremely satisfied with such an improvement!

"It's just the right time for this Rain Road to awaken. I wonder if I can kill Xiang Liu with my current strength?"

Ji Yang murmured in his heart.

The existence of Xiangliu makes him always feel that it is a big hidden danger!

If Xiangliu didn't die, it would be twice as difficult for him to kill the Demon Emperor.