Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

That guy has mastered the avenue of life and can instantly heal the demon emperor's injuries.

Therefore, if he wants to destroy the Demon Emperor, he must first destroy Xiang Liu.

With the target of the avenue of life, he must blast it with one blow, and it is best to kill it in one blow.

To achieve a one-shot kill, his basic combat power needs to reach more than 28 billion stars, so that he has a chance.

But his current combat power is 25.3 billion stars, which is still quite different from 28 billion stars!

"It seems that I have to find a way to improve my combat power! That's right!"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, as if he thought of something.

The next second, as soon as he waved his hand, more than twenty spiritual plants appeared in front of him, all of them of the highest grade.

This is what he has harvested before, and has never been refined.

Now, his Devouring Magical Ability has soared, it is better to devour it now and use it to improve his combat power.

Thinking of it, do it, Jiyang body quickly pinched the seal, and displayed 'Spirit Plant Devouring'

In just an instant, the endless devouring power devoured all the top-quality spiritual plants.

In the next second, those spiritual plants quickly withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Immediately afterwards, one after another huge source power poured into the body of the polar yang.

His momentum began to soar all the way!

It didn't take long for those top-quality spiritual plants to turn into powder and disperse with the wind.

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face showed joy again.

With just this devouring, his basic combat power soared to 25.3 billion stars again, a big step forward from the goal of 28 billion!

"It's finally done!"

Next, whether he can increase his combat power to 28 billion stars depends on the harvest on Sunstar.

At the moment, when the mind of Jiyang's body moved, a fission body of Jiyang was separated, and then the figure flashed and flew towards the sun star.

After the polar body left, the fission body displayed the "silent body" and quietly hid.

In this way, the polar body flies straight to the sun star!

On the other side, the demon emperor, Xiangliu, and Jiuying are still chasing and killing the very yin body.

Three minutes later, the polar sun body flew over the sun star.

At this moment, his eyes are full of blazing white flames, like a sea of ​​fire, endless

The surrounding temperature has reached tens of thousands of degrees, which can melt iron.

If ordinary humans come here, they will be vaporized in an instant!

With the strength of Jiyang's body, under such high temperature baking, he is calm and composed, and there is not even a single drop of sweat on his forehead.

"This is the sun star!"

Ji Yang's body overlooked the bottom, with some emotion in his heart.

He never thought that he could fly to the sun one day.

Although this sun is not that sun, the types are similar and there is not much difference.

correct!

Where is the Demon Emperor's lair?

Boom~!

Just a thought, the consciousness of Jiyang's body instantly swept the entire sun star.

After a while, his eyes lit up and he looked in a certain direction!

In that direction, there was a huge valley filled with white flames.

And in that sea of ​​fire, there is a golden temple that is as high as hundreds of millions of feet!

Obviously, the Golden Temple is the Demon Emperor's lair!

Swish~!

Jiyang body dodged and flew towards the golden temple

After a while, he reached the sky above the valley, fell directly from the sky, and fell into the sea of ​​fire.

This time it entered the sea of ​​​​fire, and the surrounding temperature suddenly soared to hundreds of thousands of degrees.

The body of Ji Yang finally felt a burning sensation, and sweat dripped from his forehead.

He looked around and saw flames all around him, his eyes stinging from the flames.

In the next second, his eyes lit up with aura, pierced through layers of flames, and looked around.

Looking at it, he found that there were a lot of spiritual plants growing in the valley.

There are sun **** flowers that are red and bright like fire, fire essence grass that glitters with golden light, nine sun fruits that are red as blood, and three suns that are purple and golden.

At a glance at the body of Jiyang, there are dozens of varieties, all of which are top-quality god-level spiritual plants, covering the valleys with a radius of 100 miles.

Extremely positive body rejoice!

Excited!

This time, he really came right!

Just the spiritual plants in this valley, the source energy contained in them is several times more than those of the demon king's nest!

Of course, the treasures in this valley are more than that!

The body of Jiyang looked to the left side of the valley again, where there was a spiritual pond, which was filled with golden spiritual liquid.

As soon as his heart moved, he peeped towards the Lingchi.

[Tangchi: Good Fortune, Innate Blessed Land]

[This pool can automatically absorb the essence of the sun and condense the 'Jiuyang Shenlu']

[Jiuyang Shenlu: Creation Grade Spiritual Liquid, you need to master the S Grade Extreme Yang Law before refining]

[Reminder: Refining a thousand drops of Nine Sun God Dew can automatically awaken the ‘Road of the Sun’]

Seeing this, the eyes of the polar body are shining!

This is actually a blessed place of good fortune. Looking at the spiritual fluid in the pool, there are tens of thousands of drops of Jiuyang Divine Dew.

These divine dew, he only needs to refine a thousand drops, and he can obtain the power of the 'Road of the Sun'.

Not only can he, he can also let some subordinates who master the law of extreme sun, and also master the 'Road of the Sun'.

Being able to master a Dao is equivalent to having the potential to become a God King!

This 'Tanggu' is very useful for him to cultivate his subordinates!

The more I think about it, the more excited I get!

However, instead of rushing to collect the soup pool, he looked towards the right side of the valley

Boom~!

When he saw it, he was stunned!

I saw that in that corner, a spiritual creature of the pinnacle level of fortune grew, and its momentum was astonishing.

Chapter 832 Ransacked! Avenue Awakens!

That is a sky-high spirit tree!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The two trees support each other, the leaves are like mulberries, the color is purple, the roots are like horned dragons, intertwined, vigorous and powerful, reaching hundreds of millions of feet, and the whole body emits golden light!

The power of several avenues radiates from it...

[Fusang Sacred Tree: The peak level of fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, not recognized ~ Lord]

[This thing contains the power of the three avenues of the Dao of Sun, Dao of Flame, Dao of Wood and Dao]

[Reminder: Only Dao-level bloodline and mastery of one of the Dao of Sun, Flame and Wood can be allowed to recognize the master]

This is actually a heaven and earth spirit root!

Jiyang body is excited!

Heaven and Earth Spirit Roots!

Born between heaven and earth, what the Great Dao nurtures!

An existence that belongs to eternity and immortality, comparable to half-step eternity among monks.

Stand together! Three lives!

The king of gods stands together with one heart!

Half-step eternity establishes its life with three ways, and it is indestructible by shoulder-to-shoulder eternity!

In the same way, the three avenues contained in the spiritual plant of heaven and earth are the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, which are comparable to the existence of half-step eternal level.

Treasures like this can be found but not sought after!

Even if it is obtained, it may not be able to make it recognize the master.

The spiritual roots of heaven and earth have their own spirituality, and they have requirements for recognizing the master, which cannot be forced.

This hibiscus tree did not recognize its owner!

Qin Feng believed that the demon emperor absolutely mastered the avenue of the sun, even the avenue of flames and the avenue of wood.

But the demon emperor failed to make the fusang **** tree recognize the owner. It can only be said that the bloodline quality of the demon emperor has not yet reached the Dao level.

Dao-level bloodlines generally only appear on Half-Step Eternal.

And Qin Feng's bloodline is also Dao-level bloodline!

Thinking of this, the eyes of Ji Yang's body lit up, secretly thinking about this spiritual root of heaven and earth, I'm afraid it's going to cost me!

In order to remove this 'Sacred Fusang Tree', it must first recognize the owner.

Qin Feng's bloodline level is enough, but he has not mastered the avenues of the sun, the avenues of fire and the avenues of wood.

In order to make the Fusang Divine Tree recognize its master, it is not enough to have a Dao-level bloodline, and one has to master one of these three ways.

However, the polar body is not worried at all!

His eyes fell on the soup pool in front of the left.

There are tens of thousands more drops of Nine Sun God Dew!

As long as he refines a thousand drops, he will be able to master the "Road of the Sun", and he will also be able to meet the requirements for the God Fusang Tree to recognize the master.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body took a step and arrived at the soup pool.

I saw him condensed at will!

Suddenly, the spirit pool vibrated!

Thousands of golden drops of Jiuyang Divine Dew slowly floated up from the Spirit Pond and hovered above the Spirit Pond.

In the next second, Ji Yang's body beckons!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Thousands of drops of Jiuyang Shenlu flew into his body and disappeared.

That was sent into the chaotic space by him!

At the moment when those gods entered the space, a thousand thought bodies were born in the chaotic space.

Afterwards, each mind body took a drop of Jiuyang Divine Dew and refined it on the spot!

This means that the speed of Qin Feng refining a thousand drops of Jiuyang Shenlu is equivalent to that of others refining one drop.

Coupled with 40 times the time flow rate of the chaotic space, it is estimated that it can be completed in a few minutes!

This is Qin Feng's advantage and his strength.

After dealing with the thousand drops of divine dew, Ji Yang's body started a seal!