Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the valley shook!

The soup pool, which was thousands of feet in diameter, slowly rose from the ground.

When the whole Lingchi was completely floating, Ji Yang's body thought, and the whole soup pool turned into white light and was taken into the chaotic space!

So far, Qin Feng has obtained another good fortune-level blessed land!

This is another huge gain!

Very satisfied with the anode body!

Next, he just waited for the mind body to refine the thousand drops of Nine Sun Dew, and then collected the 'Fusang Divine Tree'.

Before that, he had to devour the spirits in this valley...

Thinking of this, the body of Jiyang looked at the sun **** flower, fire essence grass, and nine sun **** fruit in the valley...

These are all spirits of the highest level!

Immediately, he picked up a seal in his hand and displayed 'Spirit Plant Devouring'...

In the next second, the infinite power of devouring covered the entire valley...

Hundreds of thousands of powerful source powers poured into the body of Jiyang body frantically!

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed all the way...

Just as Ji Yang was searching for the Demon Emperor's nest, something was happening on the other side.

At the edge of the galaxy, there is a large belt of meteorites.

At this moment, the Demon Emperor, Xiang Liu, and Jiu Ying hovered in the starry sky and looked around...

"Damn it! The little thief is gone again!"

"Yeah! We clearly watched him escape into this meteorite belt! Where is this man hiding?"

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying are very depressed!

The 'silent body' of the extreme yin body is too strange, even if it is hidden beside them, they can't detect it.

You can't find it unless you see it with your own eyes!

"Your Majesty, what about this?"

At this moment, Xiang Liu said with a helpless expression.

The demon emperor smiled coldly: "That kid should be nearby! He can't hide!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the demon emperor released a monstrous golden flame!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, the golden flame turned into a sea of ​​fire, spreading in all directions...

Wherever the sea of ​​fire went, all the meteorites were burned to ashes!

In the blink of an eye, the meteorite belt with a radius of thousands of miles was burned to the ground, and there was not a single meteorite left!

At this moment, a figure rushed out of the sea of ​​​​fire and fled into the distance!

"It's him!"

"The boy is out!"

When they saw that figure, Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were overjoyed!

That figure is the very yin body!

Without those meteorites, he had nowhere to hide, so he had to run away!

"Humph! Can you escape?"

huh~!

The demon emperor snorted coldly and turned into a rainbow light, chasing and killing the extreme yin body...

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying followed closely behind!

The speed of the demon emperor is extremely fast, thousands of miles away, it only takes a few seconds!

It turned out that this demon emperor has mastered the 'Road of Escape' and can use the magical power 'Golden Crow Hua Hong'.

In terms of speed, it is infinitely close to half-step eternity, crushing the **** king of the same rank!

In the blink of an eye, he chased after the extreme yin body!

But without waiting for the demon emperor to take action, the body of the extreme yin lit up with white light!

Then, as soon as he stepped over, he instantly escaped a hundred miles away.

That is the supernatural power attached to "Book from the Ground"—shrinking the ground into an inch!

"Damn!"

The demon emperor cursed in his heart!

This human being is obviously not at a high level, and his aura is only more than 20 billion stars. He is not as good as Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying.

In this regard, the demon emperor is extremely annoyed!

huh~!

In the next breath, he turned into a rainbow light again.

The speed of the golden crow turning into a rainbow is, after all, faster than shrinking into an inch!

After dozens of seconds, the demon emperor finally caught up with the very yin body.

He took a big mouth and spit out a golden flame!

Boom~Long~Long~!

That monstrous flame instantly turned into a sea of ​​golden flames, covering the sky and covering the earth, shrouding the body of the extreme yin...

In just an instant, the sea of ​​​​fire engulfed the very yin body!

The demon emperor's eyes lit up!

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were even more surprised!

His Majesty the Demon Emperor's "Great Sun Fire" can burn the sky and destroy the earth, and even the early days of the God King can be burned to ashes!

In the middle stage of the God King, he will be burned and seriously injured!

What's even more terrifying is that the great sun fire can stick to the skin, burn people's souls...

Once the soul body is injured, it is extremely difficult to recover from the injury!

This human is not far from death!

really!

In that instant, the very yin body was swallowed by the golden sea of ​​fire!

·

Countless golden flames were burning his skin, causing a severe burning pain!

There are also wisps of fire, which turned into invisible flame energy, drilled into his body, and penetrated into his sea of ​​consciousness...

Those flame energies are burning his internal organs, as well as his soul...

The sharp pain came in a burst!

The extremely yin body has a painful color on its face!

Seeing this, the demon emperor's eyes are proud!

This human being really can't resist his Great Sun Fire!

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were even more excited!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Ha ha!

If the strength is not at the peak of the God King, there are really few people who can resist the divine fire of His Majesty the Demon Emperor!

This man is dead!

But just when the three demon emperors were complacent, they soon discovered that something was wrong!

I saw that the body of the extreme yin was not as they imagined, it was instantly baked into coke, and it was not turned into ashes, but the skin all over the body was red!

As for the soul aura of the extremely yin body of the face, it has not weakened in the slightest!

It turned out that the extreme yin body has a sky-reaching hegemony body, and its physical body is extremely powerful, comparable to the peak of the **** king!

That divine fire is hard to hurt his flesh!

And his soul body is a Dao-level soul body, comparable to half-step Eternal-level strength.

The damage of the Great Sun God Fire to it is even more negligible!

However, the very negative body also knows that it cannot be calcined by divine fire all the time.

The power of the Great Sun Fire is terrifying!

If he keeps being calcined, he will be injured eventually.

It was at this moment that the demon emperor came to his senses from the shock, and hurriedly slaughtered the extreme yin body...

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front, and smashed the head of the extreme yin body with one claw!

sigh~ la~!

That claw ripped apart the sky and the earth, and the momentum was monstrous, and it suddenly reached 600 million stars. It is definitely not something that the extreme yin body can resist!

huh~!

But at this moment, the polar yin body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

The sky is cracking!

The demon emperor's claws instantly hit the air!

He hurriedly raised his head, and his consciousness swept across hundreds of millions of miles. With this sweep, he was immediately stunned!

Within a radius of hundreds of millions of miles, there is not any figure of the extremely yin body, not even a breath!

The very negative body just disappeared!

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were also dumbfounded!

At the same time, on the sun star, in that valley.

Jiyang Ontology has completed the devouring of spiritual plants!

At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy.

After a bit of devouring just now, he has skyrocketed 1.1 billion star combat power, which is extremely powerful!

This made his basic combat power reach 26.4 billion stars in one fell swoop!

However, there is still a big gap between this and his goal of 28 billion stars!

Jiyang has a sigh in his heart!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and the very yin body appeared out of thin air!

It turned out that when the extreme yin body encountered a crisis before, he cast a space call and returned to the extreme yang body.

As soon as the two main bodies met, they smiled knowingly.

Then, Ji Yang's body beckoned, and four Taiqing Daojing appeared out of thin air.

That's what he got from killing Lu Wu, Ji Meng, Yingzhao, and Bai Ze.

The situation was urgent before, and after getting Taiqing Daojing, there was no time to allocate it.