Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Now that the two main bodies are present, Dao Jing can be allocated.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang received two Taiqing Dao Crystals as soon as he waved his hand.

His points skyrocketed to 994 points!

The cathode body received another two Dao crystals, and the points skyrocketed to 928 points.

After doing this, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared!

When he appeared, he looked around the valley, and only the divine fusang tree was left uncollected.

Then, he looked at the Golden Temple not far away! Small.

Chapter 833 Sniper Xiangliu! Kill with one sword!

"This temple is very imposing! By the way, will the Sword of Execution and Remnant be in this temple?"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the temple in front and muttered in his heart.

As soon as he thought of the 'Zhutian Can Sword', his eyes lit up.

In addition to collecting points and resources, he also has an extremely important task when he enters the high-grade special secret realm this time, and that is to obtain the Sword of Execution.

If you can't get the Heaven Execution Sword, the mission of the Heaven Execution Sword Formation will fail.

All the tasks that have been done before will be foreshadowed!

Counting the time, he only had 19 minutes left.

If it exceeds the time, he will be forcibly passed out of the secret realm!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the temple.

He has to hurry into the hall to see if he can find the Sword of Execution!

Having said that, this temple is the real lair of the Demon Emperor, and there must be more treasures in it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was looking forward to it again.

Soon, he walked to the entrance of the temple and stepped directly in.

As soon as he entered, he saw a splendid sight in front of him, and the surrounding hall walls were made of glass-shaped spar.

Qin Feng was curious and peeped towards the wall of the temple

[Yanghuo Glazed Crystal: Low-Grade Divine Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[It can be used for refining and creating objects, living in the palace built by this object all the year round, which is conducive to awakening the S-level extreme sun law]

Huh~!

These white spar is actually a low-grade god-level thing!

Looking around, the whole wall of the temple is covered with this thing!

The demon emperor is really generous!

So many yang fire glazed crystals are a huge treasure house in themselves!

If he can get it back, he will create a similar shrine and let all his subordinates enter into it.

As long as there are 1 in 10,000 people, they can perceive the S-level Extreme Yang Law.

He can use Jiuyang Divine Dew to let those few people get the Dao of the Sun.

At that time, he will be able to have a few more **** king seeds under his command.

At this thought, Qin Feng was immediately excited!

However, he did not immediately start to demolish the temple.

He wants to see first, what treasures are in this temple?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and entered the depths of the temple...

After a few minutes, he was walking around the temple.

There are a lot of treasures inside!

He has harvested dozens of middle-grade and low-grade artifacts, thousands of high-grade god-rank elixir, and a lot of fire resources.

Finally, he found a secret room in the deepest part of the temple.

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing in the secret room, looking forward with surprise.

I saw a huge altar in the center of the secret room.

In the center of the altar, there are two golden eggs of war pets...

[Emperor Jun: The pinnacle of good fortune, the battle pet spirit egg, transformed by the congenital sun fire essence, does not recognize the master]

[Reminder: Only Dao-level bloodline and mastery of the Dao of the Sun can be recognized as the master]

[Taiyi: The peak of good fortune, the battle pet spirit egg, transformed by the congenital sun fire essence, does not recognize the master]

[Reminder: Only Dao-level bloodline and mastery of the Dao of the Sun can be recognized as the master]

Boom~!

After watching this, Qin Feng was shocked and surprised!

The pinnacle-level pet of good fortune!

As long as one is born, it is the existence of the main **** realm.

This is a small level higher than the four spirit eggs of Hou Tu, Tian Wu, Zhu Rong, and Gong Gong in his hands.

This is so rare!

Even better, these two spirit eggs did not recognize their masters.

Obviously, the bloodline level of the demon emperor is not enough to allow the two spirit eggs to recognize the master.

"Emperor Jun! Taiyi! In my ancient mythology of Longbi, there are two heavenly emperors in the ancient heaven. I didn't expect that this universe also appeared!"

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more emotional he becomes!

He felt more and more that many things in this universe were inextricably linked with Long Bi.

What is all this about?

Qin Feng can't understand!

Maybe he will go to the Judgment God Realm and find the mysterious Heavenly Venerate, so that the relationship between the two can be clarified.

It seems that the ancestors of Long Bi came from the Realm of Judgment.

correct!

According to the myth of Longbi, Emperor Jun and Taiyi are three-legged golden crows.

But the information on the two spirit eggs only suggested that the two eggs were transformed by the congenital sun fire essence, but did not suggest that they were the three-legged golden crow.

Looking at the body of the demon emperor is the three-legged golden crow, but there is no congenital sun fire essence on his body.

That's weird!

Qin Feng is a little confused, what is the relationship between the demon emperor and Dijun and Taiyi?

never mind!

I don't want so much anymore!

Now that the time is short, he will get the two spirit eggs in his hands first!

The pinnacle-level pet of good fortune!

If he can get it, he will have two big help in the future.

Although he can't make the two spirit eggs recognize the master, this goal is not far away.

His mind body is refining Jiuyang Shenlu, and it is estimated that he will soon be able to master the avenue of the sun.

With this thought, Qin Feng quickly walked to the altar!

I saw that on the altar, there was a huge protective mask, which protected the two spiritual eggs.

Looking at the protective energy level emitted by the mask, it suddenly reached 500 million stars, which is the peak level of the **** king.

If ordinary **** kings come here, I am afraid that they will only be able to sigh and sigh, and they will not be able to get the eggs of battle pets.

But all this is difficult for Qin Feng!

Just a thought, Qin Feng's breath changed, and his body exuded invincibility!

Boom~!

In the next second, he punched with all his strength and slammed into the mask!

A heart attack!

Launch it!

The momentum of that punch instantly exceeded 500 million stars, and it bombarded the mask!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

In the next breath, the divine patterns engraved around the altar collapsed automatically one after another!

The mask is completely broken!

Qin Feng happily stepped forward, put away the Dijun Spirit Egg and Tai Yi Spirit Egg, and sent them into the chaotic space.

At this point, he has two more battle pets at the peak of good fortune, and the future can be expected!

"Hoo~! The treasures are all collected and scraped! Now all that's left..."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and looked around.

The entire temple was swept away by him, leaving only the walls of the temple.

Those are 'Yanghuo Glazed Glass Crystal', a very rare god-level resource.

Without saying a word, Qin Feng started to tear down the wall!

In the next second, there was an earth-shattering sound of breaking walls in the temple...

At the same time, at the edge of the galaxy.

The Demon Emperor, Xiang Liu, and Jiu Ying are just wandering around in the starry sky!

The faces of the three are a little confused!

The very negative body suddenly disappeared!

They have wandered for millions of miles, and they have not found any trace of the extremely yin body...

"Strange! Why did that kid suddenly disappear?"

"Yeah! He seems to have disappeared in an instant, and there is no trace of him within hundreds of millions of miles around!"

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying kept mumbling!

The two are incomprehensible!

That human being is so weird!

The demon emperor even had a calm face, and was extremely depressed in his heart.

Suddenly, his heart skipped a beat, as if he sensed something, he suddenly turned back and looked towards the direction of the sun star.

His face instantly became extremely ugly!

"Your Majesty, what's wrong?"

Xiang Liu immediately noticed the abnormality.

The demon emperor was shocked and angry: "Damn it! Someone destroyed the altar that I guarded Emperor Jun Taiyi! The warning rune that the deity left on the altar was destroyed!"

As soon as these words fell, Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying's expressions changed drastically!