Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately, Jiuying exclaimed: "Your Majesty, did that human copy our back way and ran to our old nest?"

The Demon Emperor's heart skipped a beat, thinking that it's not good!

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed to his old nest...

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying followed closely behind!

It's just that they are on the edge of the galaxy, and it will take at least ten minutes to get back to the sun star...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, seven minutes passed!

On the sun star, the huge sun temple has been demolished by Qin Feng.

All the Yanghuo glazed crystals, without missing a trace, all reached the hands of Qin Feng and were sent into the chaotic space by him.

On the original site of the temple, there was only a pile of ruins left, which looked extremely dilapidated, even a little desolate!

At this moment, Qin Feng is suspended in the air, proudly admiring his masterpiece.

Then, he looked around the whole valley again...

Now there is only the 'Sacred Fusang Tree' that has not been moved!

In addition, there is no trace of Zhutian Canjian, it is estimated that it is on the demon emperor.

It's a pity that he has not yet realized the avenue of the sun.

Qin Feng can sense that the refining of Jiuyang Shenlu by the mind bodies has reached about 80%.

He would have to wait another two or three minutes before awakening to the avenue of the sun.

Only after awakening the Dao of the Sun can he move this divine fusang tree.

I just don't know, when will the demon emperor rush back?

If the Demon Emperor rushes back at this time, it will be troublesome!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is a little worried...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, another three minutes passed!

At this moment, a small sun appeared in the sky above Xiang Liuxing!

If you look closely, you will find that the small sun is a divine bird burning with golden flames!

The divine bird is incomparably huge, with golden red feathers, the first born emperor's feather crest, and the shadow of the Great Sun Holy Wheel on its back, and the sky is full of rays!

It is the demon emperor who is rushing back!

At this moment, its eyes spurted out monstrous anger, rushing towards the sun star at full speed

Boom~Long~Long~!

An earth-shattering sound of breaking the air!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The demon emperor passed Xiang Liuxing in an instant, leaving only a distant back.

But not long after the demon emperor left, in a hidden valley in Xiang Liuxing, a tall and straight figure appeared, looking at the back of the demon emperor from a distance!

That figure is none other than the fission variant Qin Feng left behind.

At this moment, the fission face anxiety.

The demon king is back!

But his body hasn't realized the 3.8 "Road of the Sun", so the Fusang Sacred Tree can't be moved away!

This is a bit of a hassle!

The fission body is anxious!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But he just had this idea, and Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: You have successfully refined a thousand drops of Nine Suns God Dew, comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Road of the Sun, and your combat power will be +120 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow—the avenue of the sun! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +140 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated the 'Road of the Sun' and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 140 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

The fission body's eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise!

His body finally awakened the 'Road of the Sun', which was too timely!

At the same time, on the sun star.

Qin Feng is full of the power of the avenue of the sun, and the momentum is soaring all the way!

In a blink of an eye, his momentum has reached 26.8 billion stars!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

He finally mastered the avenue of the sun!

Next, let the fusang **** tree recognize the owner!

With this in mind, he strode towards the Fusang tree.

But as soon as he arrived at the divine tree, there was an earth-shattering roar over the sun star!

The Demon King is finally back!

Chapter 834 Points break 1,000! Special bonus!

Qin Feng was shocked when he heard the sound of breaking the air!

He hurriedly broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the hibiscus tree...

Pa~!

The blood essence fell at the root of the tree, and it was completely absorbed at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

In the next second, the fusang **** tree lit up with a faint red light...

At that moment, Qin Feng sensed that a bond like a soul contract had been established between himself and the divine tree of Fusang!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You have successfully obtained the owner of the Fusang tree! 】

【Congratulations on getting up from the Fusang tree! Obtained 50% Dao Rhyme Comprehension on the Avenue of Wood, your combat power +50,000 stars]

【Congratulations on getting up from the Fusang tree! Obtained the comprehension of 50% Dao Yun of the Avenue of Flames, your combat power +50,000 stars]

At this moment, the two majestic Dao rhyme powers of wood and flame radiate from Qin Feng!

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed, reaching 26.9 billion stars in the blink of an eye!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

He didn't expect that there would be such a big benefit in letting the divine tree of fusang recognize its owner!

After comprehending 50% of the Dao rhyme of Wood and Yan, it will be easier for him to awaken these two Dao in the future.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air above the head is getting closer and closer!

The demon emperor has arrived near the valley!

Qin Feng was in a hurry, so he quickly pinched the seal and manipulated the divine tree of Fusang!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the valley shook and the earth cracked!

The huge hibiscus tree slowly rose from the ground, and thousands of roots were pulled up from the ground!

At this moment, Qin Feng only felt a gloom on the top of his head.

A golden flame bird with a length of hundreds of millions of feet flew over the valley!

That divine bird is the Demon Emperor!

As soon as it arrived, it saw Qin Feng pulling up the fusang tree, and he was immediately furious.

19 "Stop it!"

The demon king roars!

Boom~!

In the next second, it will kill Qin Feng!

It wants to stop this human being and take away its hibiscus tree!

That is the root of heaven and earth! It is also one of the most precious treasures on the sun planet!

Even it has no way to make it recognize the master, so it has no way to move the divine tree!

To his surprise, this human being was able to move the hibiscus tree!

Could it be that he made the **** Fusang tree recognize the owner?

Just when these thoughts popped up in the Demon Emperor's mind, the divine fusang tree had completely risen from the ground, and thousands of whiskers were floating in the air!

Qin Feng's heart moved quickly, and the divine fusang tree turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air!

That was sent into the chaotic space by him!

"No~!"

Over the valley, a shocking roar suddenly sounded!

The demon emperor is furious!

The divine fusang tree was actually taken by this human in front of his eyes!

It's going to kill this human!

At this moment, it happened to hit Qin Feng's head!

It hurriedly slapped Qin Feng's Tianling!

Boom~!

The sharp claws wrapped in golden flames slammed down, and the momentum destroyed the ground, covering a radius of 100 miles, making Qin Feng unavoidable!

The power of that claw has reached 600 million stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng also changed his face slightly!

With his current strength, he can't resist this claw!

But before he thought about it, that claw had already fallen!

Wherever its claw wind passes, all spaces are torn apart, and all laws are destroyed!

It seems that with one blow, Qin Feng can be caught to pieces!

At that critical moment, Qin Feng's hand lit up!

huh~!

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~!

That claw shot in the air!

I'm afraid that the sea of ​​​​fire will swell, and the starry sky will tremble!

The demon emperor was stunned again!

The thief escaped again!

It quickly looked up and looked around, and there was still no trace of Qin Feng in the radius of hundreds of millions of miles.

But when it retracted its consciousness and returned its gaze to the valley, it suddenly let out a hoarse wailing sound!