The whole sun star trembled for it!

It turned out that when the Demon Emperor turned his gaze back to the rest of the valley, he was horrified to discover that all the spiritual plants in the valley were gone!

Even the soup pool is gone!

What made it vomit blood even more was that its old nest, the Temple of the Sun, was also torn down into a pile of ruins!

There is not even a single piece of the 'Yanghuo Glazed Crystal', the main material for the construction of the temple, not to mention the other precious treasures in the temple!

That human thief is really hateful!

"Little thief! This emperor must kill you!"

At this moment, the demon emperor was so angry that his eyes were blood red!

It's about to explode!

At this moment, on Xiang Liuxing, in that hidden valley.

The fission body is looking at the sun star from a distance, as if observing something.

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that when the demon emperor's attack fell, Qin Feng summoned through the space and came to the fission body instantly.

When Qin Feng appeared, the fission body was surprised.

The next second, the fission body took the initiative to integrate into his body.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

When the fission body returns, he will return to the complete state, and he can cast the golden body of the law.

Dharma golden body!

That is his greatest support!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the sun star...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his chaotic space, there was an earth-shattering roar!

At that moment, he sensed that the chaotic space was expanding outward, and the momentum was also increasing...

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The spiritual root of heaven and earth 'Fusang tree' has been integrated with your 'chaotic space']

[Your chaotic space has been blessed with the power of the avenue of wood from the 'Sacred Tree of Fusang']

[Your Chaos Space has been blessed with the power of the Dao of Flame from the 'Fusang Sacred Tree']

[Your Chaos Space has been blessed with the power of the Dao of the Sun from the 'Fusang Sacred Tree']

[Your chaotic space has been greatly enhanced by the 'Wood Avenue', and you will permanently obtain the power of heaven and earth with 100 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has been greatly enhanced by the 'Avenue of Flames', and you will permanently obtain the power of heaven and earth with 110 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has been greatly enhanced by the "Road of the Sun", and you will permanently obtain the power of heaven and earth with 140 million stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

The huge backfeeding power of heaven and earth came from the chaotic space!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way, and it has reached 27.25 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

He was amazed!

Heaven and Earth Spiritual Roots have such a magical effect!

As long as the spiritual root is integrated into the chaotic space, the space can be greatly strengthened, thereby providing him with more power to feed back from heaven and earth!

What's even better is that he has awakened the Avenue of the Sun before, and the chaotic space has been strengthened by the Avenue of the Sun.

Unexpectedly, after the chaotic space was integrated with the fusang **** tree, it was still strengthened once again by the road of the sun contained in the fusang **** tree.

In other words, the power of the Great Dao contained in the spiritual roots of heaven and earth can be superimposed to strengthen the space.

"I really didn't expect that the spiritual roots of heaven and earth have such benefits! In this way, if I collect more spiritual roots of heaven and earth in the future, I can make the chaotic space stronger and stronger!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that it was very feasible!

Swish~! Swish~!

It was at this moment that there were two more rapid air-breaking sounds in the starry sky!

He hurriedly followed the sound and saw Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying, swiftly escaping from a distance...

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled.

Everything is as he expected!

He had long known that Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were far inferior to the Demon Emperor.

When the demon emperor notices the abnormality, he will definitely rush back to the sun star as soon as possible, and its speed will pull the two demons far away.

In this way, it is equivalent to separating them!

Qin Feng left a fission variant here just to snipe Xiang Liu!

If he wants to kill the demon emperor, he must first kill Xiangliu!

That guy has mastered the avenue of life!

Xiang Liu is immortal!

The Demon King is hard to destroy!

Now, here's your chance!

In just a moment, Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying rushed to the sky above the planet.

As soon as they arrived, the two demon kings saw that the entire planet was devastated and dead, and all the spiritual plants withered and died!

Xiang Liu's roar suddenly sounded in the air!

"Damn it! My spiritual plant is gone! It must be the little human thief!"

At this moment, Xiang Liu was so angry that his veins burst out.

Jiu Ying's eyes were red as well: "That human being is extremely hateful! We have fallen for his trick!

Xiang Liu was indignant: "Let's go! Let's meet up with His Majesty the Demon Emperor! It is estimated that Sunstar has also suffered! Maybe, the thief is still on Sunstar!"

"Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two demons were about to rush to Sunstar.

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred!

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

At this moment, Qin Feng displayed the confinement of time and space!

Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying were immediately frozen in place, unable to move.

The two demons are horrified!

huh~!

But without waiting for them to think, a white light flashed behind the two demons, and Qin Feng teleported to him!

In the next breath, Qin Feng displayed his dharma promotion, turned into a giant of 283 feet, and stood in the starry sky!

His momentum has also skyrocketed to around 40.8 billion stars, just reaching the threshold of the peak of the **** king!

Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, he slashed towards Xiang Liu's back with a sword!

That sword strikes out!

The Divine Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The power of luck! The power of chaos!

Bless them all!

The attack power of that sword suddenly reached about 43 billion stars!

At the same moment, a knowing strike will activate instantly!

Invincible only me!

Fight for the number of heaven and earth!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Om~!

At that moment, the attack doubled!

Suddenly reaching 86 billion stars, extremely terrifying!

It was at this moment that Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying finally broke free from the confinement of time and space!

"not good!"

The two demons also sensed the sneak attack behind them.

Especially Xiang Liu, he sensed that the attack was aimed at him.

But at this moment, he had no time to dodge.

In a critical moment, he subconsciously held up a protective mask!

"stop!"

Nine babies screamed!

He was not the target of the attack.

At this moment, he realized that Xiang Liu was in danger, and turned around subconsciously, suddenly punched, and faced Qin Feng's sword!

He actually tried to block Qin Feng's attack!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

A sword fell!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Jiuying roars miserably!

That sword easily cut off Jiuying's giant fist, and the sword light continued to fall!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Another two consecutive crisp beeps!

Blood splashed again!

That sword cut through the mask and cut Xiang Liu in half!

But the next second, mutation regeneration!

Boom~!

The Xiang Liu, which was split in half, burst into pieces and turned into a blood mist!

Then the blood mist surged, re-condensed, and was about to be resurrected!

This guy isn't dead yet!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and a holy light of punishment shot out, instantly penetrating the blood mist!

Poof~!

A light to!