Playvolume00:00/01:37
Truvid
fullScreen

Because each upgrade, the energy value required has more than doubled.

Because of this, he found that the gap between everyone and him was getting smaller and smaller.

Today, the lowest level in Longyuan Village is level 4, and most of them are level 5 or above.

He ranks second on the level list, and his upgrade progress is only 91% at level 8, which is less than level 9.

As for Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, and Gu Ming, the guys with D-level talents have all reached level 8, and they are about to catch up.

Thinking of this, he was a little anxious.

Having said that, Qin Feng's boss has risen to level 11. How did he do it?

Going from level 10 to level 11 requires a lot more energy than going from level 1 to level 10.

But it didn't take long for Boss Qin Feng to upgrade from level 10 to level 11. I don't know how he did it?

Liu Xuan sighed in his heart, and couldn't help but call up the ranking channel to check the ranking.

Seeing this, he was completely dumbfounded!

[Longyuan Village Level Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng, level 12

Second place: Liu Xuan, level 8.

Third place: Lei Jue, level 8

Fourth place: Longshan, level 8.

Fifth place: Wu Yong, level 8.

Sixth place: Gu Ming, level 8

7th place: Yu Wen, level 8

Eighth place: Liu Yuan, level 8

Ninth place: Hu Neng, level 7

...

Omg!

Qin Feng's boss is level 12!

Liu Xuan was extremely shocked.

He thought that his level was going to be closer to Qin Feng, but he didn't expect that the gap was even bigger.

hiss~!

After a long time, he took a deep breath.

accelerate!

He's going to speed up!

Obviously, the whole village is dragging Qin Feng's boss.

Even him is no exception!

no!

He couldn't hold back the boss like that.

He has to work harder to get to level 10 sooner!

Thinking of this, Liu Xuan's figure flashed, and he went to Liluo Grassland to kill.

He wants to challenge higher-level beasts and speed up the upgrade...

At the same time, at the bottom of the Autumn Lake.

Qin Feng has killed all the giant tortoises without letting one go.

His gains were also huge.

Today, his upgrade progress is level 12 (217600/1000000).

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

At this moment, he came to the corpse of the One-Horned Turtle King to harvest his trophies.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Not bad! Not bad! Finally got the core of the king (water), and a silver treasure chest."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and put away the spoils.

As a result, the king's core required for his map-opening task is still short of a wooden core and a fire core.

In addition, his silver treasure chest has accumulated to five, and he is only one synthesis card away from the golden treasure chest.

After dealing with these trivial matters, he began to process the extraction of the turtle king's body.

【Endless extraction success! Once again extracted to the C-level talent - the true meaning of ice (water). 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Successful evolution... Your ice (water) talent has evolved to level B - the mystery of ice (water). 】

what!

Got another B-level talent!

good! good!

Qin Feng was delighted.

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[In the process of awakening the profound meaning of the B-level talent ice (water), you will automatically awaken the talent skill - Ice Storm! 】

[Ice Storm: A fourth-order skill that can release countless ice arrows and snow blades, forming a large-scale ice and snow storm, covering a radius of ten miles, with great power. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked and his eyes widened in astonishment.

Fuck it~!

Tier 4 skills!

This is the highest-level skill he has mastered so far!

Or a rare astronomical attack and killing skill!

One kill is a big one!

Mastering this skill, he is like a god, summoning an ice storm, slaughtering the world, and madly pulling cool!

Ha ha!

Awesome!

It's so arrogant!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

After a while, he suppressed his excitement and began to clear the battlefield.

It took him a full hour to clear everything.

He donated all the more than 700 giant tortoise corpses in exchange for 300 contribution points.

His contribution points also accumulated to 1439 points.

This shows that there is a way to gain contribution points by killing monsters and upgrading.

Afterwards, he went to dig ice stones and got 217 pieces in total.

So far, he has received a lot of money and left with satisfaction.

It's just that the clear lake water has already been dyed a blood red.

Not long after Qin Feng left, an exclamation sounded from the depths of the **** water at the bottom of the lake.

"Tsk! Tsk! It's only the third day, this Blue Star Realm human killed the one-horned tortoise king and got the third king's core, his strength is very good!"

The voice just fell, and a proud female voice lit up in the blood mist.

0

"It's really good! What's more rare is that the resources of his village have been doubled many times, and the difficulty of the task has also increased several times. Under such circumstances, he can still kill the Turtle King! It's not easy!"

"Yeah! Wealth and misfortune depend on each other! While he gets the benefits of doubling the resources, he also faces more severe challenges from Heaven!"

"Haha! This is the nature of Heaven's Way. What is lost will make up for what is lacking! I am worried that he will be able to complete the task of opening the map. After this operation, the difficulty of a C-level task has been raised to B-level by him. "

"Yeah! His biggest difficulty is not to obtain the core of the five kings, but to fight against Longpo. That is the most terrifying. However, if he can complete it, the benefits he will get will far exceed those of ordinary C-level tasks. Difficulty."

"I hope he can pass the customs! However, the little girl is not very optimistic about him. After all, this Blue Star Realm is only a small world, and it is difficult to produce a decent master."

"That's the truth! The humans of Xiaoqian World have weak innate physiques, and they don't master innate abilities, so they have a poor start."

"Yeah! In the past, after the novice assessment, few of the humans in the small world could reach the earth-level combat power. I wonder if this Blue Star man can reach the earth-level?"

"It's hard to say! The humans in Xiaoqian World are too weak except for their strong learning ability. Many of them were destroyed by the group before they persisted until the War of Ten Thousand Worlds began. The cruelty of Heaven, they can't bear it!"

"No matter how much! We are only responsible for observation and recording at the Temple of Heaven's Punishment. I hope this Blue Star Realm can bring us some surprises."

"At present, it seems that there are more than 20 players in the 10,000 novice areas in the Blue Star Realm. The human being just now is one of them, and he is also the youngest one."

"It's interesting! However, whether he is successful or not depends on whether he can raise his combat power to the prefecture level before the end of the novice assessment. If he can't even do this, then he is not worthy of attention."

"Look! Maybe he'll surprise us!"

As soon as the voice fell, the mysterious voice in the blood mist disappeared.

There was peace again in the field... . . .

Chapter 103 Dead Wood Old Demon

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, another two hours passed.

Including the one hour of clearing the battlefield before, three hours have elapsed.

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing outside the Valley of Thousand Flowers.

Wanhua Valley is located in the east of Liluo Grassland.

His fourth target, the old dead wood demon (king level), is in this valley.

Having said that, in the past three hours, Longyuan Village has also made significant progress.

The number of Class 1 cabins has reached 93, not far from the 100 standard.

Liu Xuan had already reached level 9 two and a half hours ago.

Lei Jue was the latecomer, and he had reached level 9 just fifteen minutes ago.

In addition, Liu Yuan actually rose to level 9 three minutes ago, surpassing Long Shan, Wu Yong, Gu Ming, and Yu Wen in one fell swoop.

This surprised Qin Feng.

In terms of strength, Liu Yuan is ranked below Longshan, Wu Yong, Gu Ming, and Yu Wen.

Qin Feng was quite curious, but he had no time to study.

His current goal is to kill the old dead wood demon as soon as possible and get the core of the king (wood).

Having said that, since he upgraded the novice cabin to level 2 and received 100 attribute bonuses, he has risen to level 12.

This made his combat power skyrocket.

From Qiushui Lake all the way to Wanhua Valley, he killed more than 30 level 11 beasts all the way, and gained dozens of attributes.

Before he knew it, he had also withdrawn the full amount of level 11 beasts.

His combat power also increased to the 87 star limit.

"The combat power has reached 87 stars. When I reach 100 stars, I will enter the prefecture-level combat power threshold. I wonder if there will be any changes after entering the prefecture-level?"

Qin Feng was full of expectations.