Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At present, the innate avenue he can master the fastest is the avenue of the heart!

That has been refined by 99% of the mind body, and it is not far from awakening.

As for the avenue of immortality, it is necessary to master the law of immortality at the SSS level before it can be refined.

He hasn't mastered the law of immortality, and he can't refine it yet!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, a golden flame bird with a body length of hundreds of millions of feet slammed into the sky above Xiang Liuxing.

The Demon King is finally here!

As soon as it arrived, it turned into a golden-robed man wearing a crown, showing the majesty of an emperor!

Qin Feng hurriedly peeped at him...

[Devil God]: Demon Emperor)

[realm]: peak of **** king

[Combat Strength]: 500 million stars

[Dao]: Avenue of Sun, Avenue of Flame, Avenue of Reincarnation (Xiantian)

[Characteristics]: The King of the Secret Realm, the sword-wielder of the Heaven-killing Sword!

The Swordsman of the Sword of Execution!

Sure enough!

Qin Feng sighed with emotion!

Having said that, this Demon Emperor has mastered three great avenues, among which the Great Way of Reincarnation is the Innate Great Way.

This demon emperor is definitely not easy!

Stand together! Three lives!

If you want to become a half-step eternity, you must first master the three avenues!

The Demon Emperor has mastered three types, one of which is the Innate Great Way!

This is the best among the peak powerhouses of the God King!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and did not dare to be careless!

At the same moment, after the demon emperor transformed into a human form, he stared at Qin Feng with incomparable anger.

However, he didn't do it right away!

This human being is so weird!

He had already discovered just now that Qin Feng's aura was only around 28 billion stars, not as good as Xiang Liu and Jiu Ying!

Why was he able to kill Xiangliu and the other two?

This makes him really can't figure it out!

However, he wasn't worried.

He still has a big hole card to play!

As long as he takes out his trump card, even the peak power of the **** king will fall here, not to mention that this human strength is only in the middle stage of the **** king.

Thinking of this, he spoke slowly, his tone extremely cold.

"."Human! You kill this emperor's subordinates! Grab this emperor's treasures! Today, this emperor will let you die without a place to die!"! "

As soon as the voice fell, a white light flashed in the hands of the demon emperor, and a heaven-penetrating divine sword appeared out of thin air and fell into his hands...

As soon as the Divine Sword appeared, it exuded a monstrous killing intent, causing the world to tremble!

The glow of the rays blooming on it has a heaven and earth rhyme!

That was actually a good-fortune-level divine sword!

The only regret is that the blade on the side of the divine sword has a large gap.

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised and hurriedly peeped at the divine sword...

[Sword of Execution of Heaven: Innate Divine Artifact, Fortune-level, with its own killing and cutting avenue, has recognized the master]

[Reminder: Kill the master to recognize the master again]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The Sword of Execution has finally appeared! .

Chapter 836 Kill the Demon Emperor! Hongmeng Supreme!

Soon, Qin Feng's eyes were withdrawn from the Sword of Execution!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: You have the last 3 minutes remaining in the secret territory of this layer! 】

Qin Feng was shocked!

Only 3 minutes left!

In other words, he must kill the demon emperor within 3 minutes!

Otherwise, the mission of the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation will fail!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

But without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the demon emperor came madly!

Swish~!

The Sword of Execution! Chop down!

That sky-piercing sword light, connecting the sky and the ground, was as long as hundreds of millions of feet!

Its potential shrouded a hundred miles, directly locking Qin Feng's Qi, making him unavoidable!

sigh~ la~!

In just an instant, the divine sword ignited with raging golden flames, slashed the starry sky, and slashed above Qin Feng's head!

The momentum of that sword, burning the sky and boiling the sea, is like destroying the starry sky with one sword!

The aura of combat power exuded on it suddenly reached 800 million stars, which was extremely terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, that sword is about to fall!

Qin Feng did not avoid it!

There was a hint of mockery in the eyes of the demon emperor, and the speed of the sword's whereabouts suddenly accelerated!

Swish~!

Divine Sword cut off!

But at the moment when the divine sword fell, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air!

The demon emperor suddenly slashed into the air with a sword!

Where the Divine Sword fell, the starry sky turned into a sea of ​​fire!

At the same moment, Qin Feng appeared strangely behind him!

This appearance, Qin Feng immediately displayed the golden body of the law, turning into a giant of ten thousand feet, standing tall!

Its momentum also instantly soared to about 42 billion stars!

"Damn!"

The demon king roars!

He instantly sensed that Qin Feng was behind him!

In the next breath, he suddenly turned around and swept away with another sword!

Swah~!

The sword light burning with golden flames lit up the starry sky!

In the blink of an eye, the demon emperor's backhand sword smashed to the front!

The reaction speed of the demon king exceeded Qin Feng's expectations. His strength is indeed much stronger than that of the ten demon kings, and his reaction is faster!

He was locked by the demon emperor again, and it was impossible to avoid 283, and the teleport skill was still on the cooldown time!

In desperation, he raised his hand with a sword and greeted the demon emperor!

At this moment, two sky-high giants stand above the starry sky!

Both sides attacked each other with a sword!

Seeing that Qin Feng dared to take it hard, the demon emperor sneered!

A little thief in the middle stage of the God King, dare to fight with him recklessly, it is simply courting death!

Even if it is the peak power of the king of gods, few people can catch his sword!

With one sword, he can unleash an 800 million star attack. First, it relies on secret techniques, second, it relies on the blessing of the Great Sun Fire, and third, it relies on the law of killing in the Sword of Execution!

In other words, he is now strong on offense and weak on defense!

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks will collide!

The smirk in the eyes of the demon emperor became even stronger!

He is confident that this sword can kill Qin Feng on the spot!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up, and the momentum of that sword increased sharply!

A heart attack!

Instant start!

The two attacks also collided instantly!

When~!

A symphony of gold and iron resounded through the starry sky!

Wherever the sound wave goes, the starry sky is destroyed!

Xiang Liuxing, not far away, was also destroyed by the sound waves, causing the earth to crack and the mountains and rivers to flow backwards!

In the next second, the demon emperor groaned, and the whole person was shocked and flew thousands of feet away!

And Qin Feng only retreated three thousand feet!

In this round, Qin Feng has the upper hand!

The demon emperor was extremely shocked!

You know, that super attack is one of his cards!

That kid's attack is actually stronger than his?

But before he could stabilize his body, Qin Feng had already stabilized his body one step at a time.

Next breath, mutation regeneration!

Om~!

Behind Qin Feng, the phantom of "Book from the Ground" suddenly appeared.

huh~!

In the next breath, he used the Divine Ability to Shrink the Earth!

I saw Qin Feng take one step forward, and he came to the back of the demon queen, and suddenly slashed at the back of the demon queen with a sword!

At this moment, the demon emperor stabilized his figure!

Qin Feng's sudden attack shocked him!

He didn't have time to dodge either.

What's more terrible is that he is strong in attack and weak in defense!