Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

If Qin Feng were to cut out that terrifying sword again, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to resist it!

It seems that he is about to show his second hole card!

Thinking of this, the demon emperor immediately pinched the seal, and an innate power of the Great Dao radiated from him!

That is the power of the Great Way of Reincarnation!

Om~!

The seal is activated instantly!

Divine Ability - Reincarnation!

Activate instantly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of white light in the field, and powerful figures appeared one after another. They were actually ten demon kings such as Xiangliu, Jiuying, and Bai Ze.

The demon kings were resurrected at this moment!

This scene made Qin Feng stunned!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

But if he doesn't think too much, the ten demon kings will attack him together!

The ten gods attacked, and the momentum was joined together, and they met Qin Feng's sword towards the demon emperor!

The power of that joint strike suddenly surpassed 500 million stars!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Qin Feng snorted and was blasted away by the ten demon kings, and he rolled and flew out a hundred thousand feet away!

If he hadn't possessed the Heaven-penetrating Dominant Body, his fleshly body was extremely powerful, and he would have been injured in a single face-to-face encounter.

At the same moment, the demon emperor turned to look at the embarrassed Qin Feng, and immediately showed ecstasy!

"Haha! Little thief! The emperor thought you were really strong in attack, but it turns out that you only have the power of one blow! You can't even take a single blow from the joint strike of the ten demon kings, and you will die next time!"

As soon as the voice fell, the demon emperor slaughtered again!

Xiangliu, Jiuying, Yingzhao and other nine demon kings also came to kill them together.

Bai Ze even picked up a seal in his hand and activated his supernatural power—absolutely frozen!

In just a split second, Bai Ze froze the law of space in a radius of ten thousand miles, restraining Qin Feng's teleportation and shrinking into an inch!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's face changed greatly!

Without teleporting and shrinking into an inch, he could not avoid the siege of the demon king and the nine demon kings!

And his knowing blow is still in a cooling state!

How to resist this?

correct!

Having said that, wasn't the Ten Great Demon Kings killed by him?

How did these guys come back to life?

What is even more terrifying is that after the resurrection of these guys, their strength has not weakened in the slightest!

Qin Feng is a little confused!

At that moment, as soon as his mind moved, he spied on one of the demon kings...

[Xiang Liu (Reincarnation): Resurrected by the law of the supernatural 'reincarnation']

[Reminder: The existence time of the reincarnated body is 3 hours, after the timeout, there will be no resurrection]

Reincarnated!

Existed for 3 hours?!

Qin Feng was shocked!

He looked at the other demon kings again, all of them were reincarnated, and they could exist for 3 hours!

That way of reincarnation is really amazing, it can summon the dead to fight for him!

He now has only about 2 and a half minutes left.

But the reincarnations of these demon kings can last for 3 hours.

With the help of these demon kings, how could he still kill the demon king? !

Especially here is Xiang Liu!

He has mastered the avenue of life!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was instantly furious!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the demon king and the nine demon kings have already been killed!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

The demon emperor roared and slashed at Qin Feng with a sword!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The nine demon kings also shot at the same time, all of them punched, and rushed towards Qin Feng!

Those ten attacks, the momentum is connected together, the power is infinitely close to 100 million stars!

Qin Feng's face changed greatly!

Such a terrifying attack, even if he used a knowing strike, he would not be able to resist it!

If he is bombarded by this combination, he will definitely be bombed to scum!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to teleport to avoid it!

But then, he remembered that the laws of space with a radius of ten thousand miles had been frozen by Bai Ze.

His teleportation and shrinking into an inch are all ineffective!

In other words, he can't avoid the siege of the monsters!

In the blink of an eye, those attacks are approaching!

The demon emperor's eyes showed excitement!

In his opinion, Qin Feng is dead this time!

But right at that moment, the mutation in the field regenerated!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

I saw Qin Feng hand up a seal, and it was completed in an instant!

Om~!

The next breath, the universe is reversed, time and space are reversed! Instant start!

Suddenly, the timeline of this time and space began to flow backwards!

The demon king and the nine demon kings retreated uncontrollably.

The siege is broken!

In a blink of an eye, the demon king and all the demon kings returned to the starting point!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Immediately afterwards, the bodies of the ten demon kings were shattered and turned into wisps of blue smoke!

That's back in time to 3 seconds ago.

3 seconds ago, the demon king had not summoned the reincarnation of the ten demon kings!

Naturally, these demon kings do not exist!

The demon emperor was suddenly stunned.

"Time and space skills! It's actually time and space skills!"

At this moment, the demon emperor was amazed!

Mastering the laws of time and space is actually almost as difficult as mastering an acquired avenue.

Because it is rare, it becomes rare, and it has a great effect.

But then, the demon emperor sneered again.

"Little thief! Do you think that with time and space skills, you can break the emperor's endless reincarnation? Your time and space skills have a cooldown, but the emperor's endless reincarnation does not have any cooling time!"

As soon as the voice fell, the demon emperor once again choked the seal!

Divine Ability - Reincarnation!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of white light in the field, and the ten demon kings such as Xiangliu, Jiuying, and Bai Ze appeared again!

The demon emperor also showed a proud look!

"Little thief! You are dead!"

As soon as the voice fell, the demon emperor came to kill Qin Feng again!

Xiang Liu, Jiu Ying and other demon kings followed closely behind!

Bai Ze also immediately cast Absolute Freeze to freeze the laws of space!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng frowned!

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, as if thinking of something!

The next second, he moved the seal with both hands.

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

Suddenly, a huge matrix appeared in the starry sky behind him, engraved with innate divine patterns, exuding an extremely mysterious atmosphere.

That is the age matrix!

It was at this moment that the Demon King and the other Demon Kings had already come to a close!

Qin Feng quickly moved the seal!

The sacrifice of the years starts!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

That matrix of years, lit up with azure light, one after another, and brightened the starry sky!

Immediately afterwards, ten invisible forces blessed the demon kings.

In just a split second, Qin Feng sacrificed his 10-year lifespan!

That is the smallest unit of sacrifice of years!

At the same moment, the flow of time on the top ten demon kings instantly passed a month!

This time, Qin Feng launched the sacrifice of the reverse years!

Time is no longer reversed, but accelerated forward!

Those demon king reincarnations can only exist for 3 hours, how can they withstand the passage of a month!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

In just a split second, the ten demon kings turned into wisps of green smoke, and disappeared!

The demon emperor was immediately dumbfounded! .

Chapter 837: The Great Way! Devour supernatural powers!