Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

In just a while, he skyrocketed his 800 million star combat power!

At the same time, he also obtained 50% Dao Rhyme of Destiny Avenue, which added another 200 million stars to him.

As a result, his basic combat power has reached 30.1 billion stars in one fell swoop, and his strength has skyrocketed!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with such an improvement!

Having said that, his perception of the Dao of Destiny is more than 50%.

His mind body has been comprehending the Dao of Fate Scroll, and he has comprehended 47%. In addition, he has obtained 50% of Dao Yun comprehension this time, and the total is 97%.

In other words, he is not far away from the awakening of the Avenue of Destiny.

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely looking forward to it!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: You have been promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme successfully, and one of the SS-level 'Truth of God's Domain' quest goals has been completed]

【The mission objectives you have not yet completed are as follows】

[Task content 1: Collect the Book of the Present World, Book of the Past, and Book of the Future]

[Mission content 2: Solve the mystery of the disappearance of Longbi's ancestors and obtain the ancestor's order]

[Reminder: The higher the rank of the vocation title, the easier it is to obtain the ancestral order]

[Reminder: You are currently the primary Hongmeng Supreme, if you are promoted to the intermediate Hongmeng Supreme, the success rate of obtaining the ancestor's legacy will be doubled]

[Reminder: When the vocation reaches level 85 and masters the Dao of Destiny, you can be promoted to the intermediate-level Hongmeng Supreme]Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

[Reminder: The ancestral decree is related to the 'Domain Master Inheritance' of the Judgment God Domain]

[Reminder: If you complete this task within one year, the task reward will be doubled]

[Reminder: If you complete this task within three months, the task reward will be doubled]

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng suddenly felt in his heart!

It turned out that he was only the primary Hongmeng Supreme.

Having said that, Judgment God's Domain is really mysterious!

This time, after he was promoted to Hongmeng Supreme, he actually awakened a new vocation skill "Three Realms Supreme".

In other words, he can create the three worlds of heaven, earth and man.

The prerequisite is that he first has a space of his own, and reaches the level above the high-grade **** rank.

His chaotic space has reached the level of 'fortune-telling', which fully meets this requirement.

Secondly, he must master the 'Six Realms Dao'.

The Six Realms Avenue is the final form of the SSS-level Six Paths Law, which can also be called the Six Paths.

As long as these two conditions are met, Qin Fengneng will create the three worlds of heaven, earth and man.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt inexplicably that these methods were very similar to the methods of the 'Master of the Universe'.

Could it be that 'Judgment God's Domain' has something to do with the Lord of the Universe?

Qin Feng has guesses!

However, he only had more than a minute left in the secret realm, and he had no time to think about it.

It's time for him to hurry up and collect the loot!

At this moment, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand rang out with golden light

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword absorbs all the luck of the 'Demon Emperor', and your luck value is +210 times]

Qin Feng is very happy!

Increase your luck by 210 times!

As a result, his luck has been increased to 4840 times!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the front

I saw three Dao crystals floating there, a treasure chest, a divine card, and a broken divine sword!

This is his harvest!

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the treasure chest and divine card were sucked in front of him.

[Chaos Treasure Chest (Complete State): 99% of the treasures of the highest grade are opened, 98% of the treasures of the good fortune are issued, and 2% of the treasures of the peak of good fortune are issued]

This is actually a complete chaotic treasure chest!

Having said that, Qin Feng already has 30 treasure chests in his hands, just enough to synthesize three complete chaos treasure chests.

In addition to the one in front of him, he has 4 Chaos Treasure Chests, and he has the opportunity to open 4 peak-level treasures of good fortune.

Think about it, it's exciting!

With this in mind, Qin Feng put away the treasure chest with satisfaction.

Then, he looked at the **** card in front of him.

That **** cartoon body is purple, with Dao patterns inscribed on it, exuding an amazing breath

[Dao Treasure Chest God Card (Dao Level): This card can synthesize 10 Chaos Treasure Boxes (complete state) into a 'Dao Level Treasure Box']

[Dao-level treasure chest: 1% chance to open the 'Article of the Dao', 99.99% will fail to open the box and turn into nothingness]

[The device of the avenue: Suppressing qi and luck, avoiding cause and effect, going through thousands of kalpas without grinding, lasting forever and not dying]

[The device of the avenue, there are many heaven and earth, only those who have a great chance can get it]

Boom~!

After reading this information, Qin Feng was shocked and surprised!

The device of the road!

Even the existence of the Eternal Realm is impossible!

Rumor has it that if a God King can possess a 'Dao's Tool', he can compete with Half-Step Eternity!

Even the existence of Eternal Realm is difficult to kill!

The device of the avenue is comparable to the alternative eternal realm, full of spirituality!

Once you recognize the master and remain loyal, you can allow the master to coexist with him.

The Taoist tool is immortal, and the master is immortal!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was immediately excited.

If he now has 4 Chaos Treasure Chests, and if he collects 6 Chaos Treasure Chests, he will have the opportunity to obtain the Artifact of the Great Way.

At the moment, he put away the divine card with satisfaction!

After doing this, Qin Feng waved to the Zhutian Canjian in front of him...

huh~!

In a flash of white light, the Sword of Execution and Remnant came to him.

He hurriedly took out the shards of the broken sword from the Zhuxing Sword from the storage ring.

Om~! Om~!

As soon as the fragment of the broken sword appeared, it resonated with the broken sword of Zhutian, and the two things lit up at the same time!

In the next second, the broken sword shards will automatically fly to the gap of the sword!

In just a moment, the two merge into one!

A complete Heaven Execution Sword appeared!

Om~!

Suddenly, the divine sword burst into a divine light, illuminating the entire starry sky!

Qin Feng also resonated in the depths of his soul!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Task reminder: congratulations on finding the complete Heaven Execution Sword! Tianzhujian has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master]

[Sword of Execution: Fortune-level, contains the avenue of slaughter, and can feed back 400 million stars in combat power]

[Congratulations on obtaining the mission reward of this stage: Awaken the top 100 Houtian Avenue - Killing Avenue! 】

Om~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the white beam of light that the task rewarded fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

In the next second, the endless power of Dao Rhythm will frantically pour into his sea of ​​consciousness

[Reward reminder: congratulations on your understanding of the 1% Dao rhyme of Killing Avenue, your combat power +160 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow—The Dao of Slaughter! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +220 million stars]

[Your 'chaos space' has successfully integrated the killing avenue, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 220 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed again

In a blink of an eye, his basic combat power reached 30.7 billion stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Congratulations on your automatic awakening of supernatural powers - the body of killing]

[Killing Body: When the state is turned on, the attack skyrockets by 30%! This state cannot be used in combination with 'Critical Strike']

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he showed a satisfied smile again

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, he took the Heaven Execution Sword in his hand and watched it with love.

From now on, this Heaven Punishing Sword will be his main weapon!

The Heavenly Fate Sword can only be used as a backup weapon!

correct!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he took out the divine artifact.

In the next second, he stroked the blade with one hand, and a dazzling white light lit up in the palm of his hand.

[You are in the process of endless extraction, and it is detected that you have mastered the Devouring Avenue, meeting the extraction requirements]

【Endless reminder success! Congratulations, you obtained the supernatural power 'Luck Devouring' from the 'Sword of Fate']

[Luck Devouring: Killing the existence above the quasi-god king can plunder all the luck of the target]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng laughed again!

Endless extraction was successful!

"One Road" is really amazing!

The endless extraction derived from it, even the magical skills contained in the artifact, can be extracted.

He is indeed the uncrowned king of the Tao!

In short, now that he has mastered the magical power of 'Luck Devouring', it will be easier to plunder luck in the future.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

Next, he still has the last three Dao Crystals to collect.

With this in mind, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and the extreme yang body and the extremely yin body appeared.

Afterwards, Ji Yang's body waved at the three Dao crystals and sucked those Dao crystals into his hands.

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Yuqing Daojing (Wood)', your points are +50 points, and your points have accumulated to 1244 points]

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Yuqing Daojing (Flame)', your points +50 points, and your points accumulated to 1294 points]