Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations on getting a 'Reincarnation Daojing (Xiantian)', your points +150 points, and your points accumulated to 1444 points]

Hearing the prompt, Jiyang body is in a good mood.

The points have reached 1444 points!

When he goes to the king-level secret realm again, he can easily break 13.85 points, and the triple reward can be obtained.

With this in mind, he glanced curiously at Dao Jing in his hand.

[Yuqing Daojing (Wood): Contains 50% of the Dao rhythm of the avenue of wood, it can be refined only after mastering the law of S-level wood]

[Yuqing Daojing (Flame): Contains 50% Dao Rhythm of the Dao of Flame, you need to master the Law of A-level Fire and the Law of A Aurora before refining]

[Reincarnation Dao Crystal (Xiantian): Contains 50% Dao Rhyme of Reincarnation Avenue, it is necessary to master SS-level reincarnation law and S-level life law before refining]

These three are actually 50% Dao Yun!

It seems that he still has to find a way to get 1% together!

[Holy Land Reminder: Remind the players of your stay time in the Holy Land, only the last 10 seconds are left, please prepare for the players to be forcibly passed out]

【Countdown: 1987】

The time has finally come!

As soon as he heard the prompt, Jiyang body quickly put away Daojing.

The negative body is also ready!

Speaking of which, I don't know what's going on outside?

Ran Deng, Di Jiang, Jumang and others, I don't know how many points they have gained?

Thinking of this, the two main bodies felt curious.

After a while, the stay is over!

The two main bodies turned into white light and disappeared into the secret realm.

Chapter 838 Harvest the audience! The points are complete!

In the next second, the extremely positive body and the extremely negative body appeared at the entrance to the top-grade special secret realm.

With this appearance, the two main bodies looked towards the center of the square.

I saw Emperor Jin and an early stage player of the God King sitting cross-legged.

At this moment, the two of them are surrounded by spiritual mist, and they are trying their best to refine their respective gains.

They didn't seem to notice the appearance of the two main bodies.

The two of them didn't pay attention to their bodies, and walked straight to the king-level area...

Today, the anode body is 1444 points, and the cathode body is 928 points.

As long as the two main bodies go to the king-level area and collect 1 point each, they can achieve their respective goals.

Then the chance is perfect!

Soon, the two main body levels walked to the edge of the square.

At this moment, in the center of the square, Emperor Jin's eyelids twitched slightly.

He seemed to feel something, slowly opened his eyes, and looked towards the square!

Looking at it, he found that the two main bodies were actually walking towards the king-level area.

He was stunned for a moment!

These two False God realm players are actually going to the king-level area?

Isn't this courting death!

But before he could think about it, another white light lit up at the exit of the low-grade special secret realm, and a figure appeared out of thin air.

Emperor Jin turned back quickly, and saw that the person who appeared was Emperor Zi.

At this moment, Zi Di's face was very ugly.

It turned out that after he found nothing in the middle-grade secret realm, he went to the lower-grade secret realm, and then naturally he was empty-handed.

The treasures in the low-grade secret territory have long been swept away by Qin Feng.

At this moment, he also saw the two main bodies, walking towards the secret realm of the king-level area.

Seeing that scene, Emperor Zi couldn't help feeling agitated, and looked at the backs of the two main bodies with disgust!

This time, he was devastated by earning points. Naturally, he couldn't see some players taking advantage of the realm to roam the secret realm everywhere.

The behavior of the two main bodies naturally made him very uncomfortable.

Soon, the two main bodies entered the secret realm and disappeared.

Emperor Zi didn't stop, he walked directly to Emperor Jin and sat down with his knees crossed.

"Emperor Zi, how is the situation?"

Emperor Jin hurriedly asked in a low voice.

"Hey! Nothing!"

Zi Di smiled wryly.

Emperor Jin sighed: "Hey! That's true!"

He had known for a long time that this would be the result, and he had told Zidi before that there might be no treasures in the lower-grade secrets.

Zidi didn't want to believe it, so he went to the secret realm of the lower grades.

Not to mention the Purple Emperor, after the Qing Emperor came out of the middle-rank secret realm, he also went to the lower-rank secret realm, and he hasn't come out yet!

"Hey! It seems that your points and mine have been frozen!"

Zi Di sighed helplessly.

Jin Di smiled bitterly: "Anyway, you still have 2 points, and the top three are hopeful! I only have 1 point, so I should miss the top three."

Emperor Zi frowned: "The old man always feels that besides the Qing Emperor, there is another person who surpasses the old man, but I don't know who that person is?"

Emperor Jin said coldly: "If that person really exists, then he is also a suspicious target! Emperor Qing is not necessarily the training target of Judgment God Domain, maybe that person is!"

Emperor Zi nodded slightly: "That makes sense! By the way, what happened to the two False God realms just now? The old man saw that the two of them entered the king-level area!"

What Zidi said was the very positive body and the very negative body.

Emperor Jin raised his head slightly, looking towards the direction where the two main bodies were leaving, with a sneer at the corners of his mouth.

"Haha! That's just two clowns jumping on the beam! From this chance, they jumped back and forth! After a while, they went to the False God area, and then they went to the True God area and the Main God area, and now they have entered the king-level area!"

Being reminded by this, Emperor Zi's eyes lit up: "I remembered this old man! It turned out to be those two living treasures!"

At the end, Emperor Zi shook his head again and again, as if he felt that the two main bodies were very unbearable.

The two main bodies were running around before, and many **** kings and quasi **** kings were watching, and it was a little difficult to remember!

The kings of gods are naturally contemptuous of the behavior of the two main bodies.

Immediately, Emperor Jin said again: "Those two guys are just opportunistic, knowing that there is no chance to pass the first round of opportunities, they just want to go to the secret realm of each district to get some resources!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "Haha! How can the resources of the king-level secret realm be so easy to obtain? Those are guardian spirit beasts from the main **** to the god-king level. How can these two False God children get it?"

Jin Di sneered: "Yeah! I guess they will die soon?"

"That's it! Don't talk about those two clowns! Let me refine the resources first! The next round of challenges is expected to combine the three security zones, and the competition will be more intense!"

"Makes sense!"

As soon as the words fell, the two great emperors stopped talking, and began to hurry up and refine resources...

At the same time, a major event was taking place in the king-level area, the secret territory of the Avenue of the Moon.

At this time, in a corner of the secret realm.

A black-robed old man with extraordinary temperament was looking forward with joy.

In that direction, a spiritual flower is growing, shaped like a crescent moon, emitting a faint moonlight.

[Moon Spirit Flower: The best **** rank, which can enhance the power and soul power of the extreme yin law]

The spirit flower of the best god-level!

The old man is very excited!

In this secret realm, it is not easy to find a high-grade god-rank spirit grass, let alone find a top-grade god-rank.

Of course, he can get such a big harvest, but it is not easy!

That was because he killed the guardian beasts of two quasi-god kings before he had the opportunity to pick this moon spirit flower.

It turned out that this old man was actually a great power in the early days of a **** king.

Thinking of this, the old man took a deep breath and strode towards the moon spirit flower...

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Suddenly, an invisible force of devouring came from a certain direction, and instantly enveloped the entire secret realm, and also enveloped the moon spirit flower...

In the next second, the moon spirit flower was in front of the old man's eyes, withered at a speed visible to the naked eye, fell, and then turned into a pile of mud!

The old man was dumbfounded!

He looked around again, and all the plants were rapidly withering at a speed visible to the naked eye, or turned into dust and scattered with the wind, or turned into mud and gave off a stench!

The whole world lost its vitality and became lifeless in an instant!

"This... what's going on here?"

The old man was furious!

Heart is very distressed!

The Moon Spirit Flower he finally discovered was gone!

The old man suddenly turned his head and looked in the direction of the power of devouring.

There must be some weirdness in there!

He would have to take a look, who the **** is it?

Boom~!

Thinking of this, the old man dodged and flew towards the source!

With this action, the aura of the God King's initial combat power erupted, stirring the world to tremble, and the momentum was astonishing...Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At the same moment, where the source is.

A human-shaped black hole is frantically devouring the source of spiritual plants around!

After a while, the devouring is over!

The black light slowly dissipated, revealing the person's original appearance, which is the very yin body!

At this moment, the very yin body was full of joy.

Just now, he used Spirit Plant Devouring, which devoured all the spirit plants in the entire secret realm.

His basic combat power has increased by 240 million stars, and it has reached 30.94 billion stars!

This is not a small gain!

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

Lingzhi is swallowed up!

Next, he is going to harvest points...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But at this moment, the sound of breaking the air sounded in all directions, rushing towards his location.

The very yin body was stunned for a moment, and the consciousness swept out in an instant...

In the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

It turned out that several players were rushing towards him angrily, and they seemed to be looking for him to settle accounts.