Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It seems that he devoured Lingzhi and destroyed the interests of others.

Looking at those players, they are basically quasi-god kings, and there is only one old man who is an early **** king.

Ji Yin suddenly smiled on the body!

These guys are here to give him luck!

Immediately, Ji Yin dodged and rushed towards the nearest person.

The next second, in that direction, there was a shrill scream!

The extremely yin body easily killed a quasi-god king, swallowed his luck, and got a lot of gains.

In this way, the extreme yin body began to sweep the entire secret realm, dominating one side...

Similar things also happened in the Wang-level district, the secret territory of the Great Path of Flame.

At this moment, in the secret territory of the Great Path of Flame.

The polar body has just completed its devouring and gained 260 million combat power.

In this way, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 31.2 billion stars.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Title reminder: It is detected that the player's first title has been promoted to 'junior preacher', and the title task of intermediate preacher is automatically started]

[Intermediate evangelist: The combat power reaches 300 million stars, the prestige reaches 150,000 points, and the master of 20 avenues can be promoted]

Huh~!

The title task of 'Intermediate Evangelist' has finally started!

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

According to this promotion condition, his combat power has reached. 283

Reputation is even worse!

His current reputation is 128,000 points.

In addition, the avenues he masters include heart, blood, soul, power, swallowing, killing, opening the sky, sun, wind, thunder, drought, rain, hurricane, Wandu, Taiyue, etc., a total of 15 kinds of avenues.

In other words, he is still 5 kinds of avenues away!

The anode body is analyzing in his heart.

It was at this moment that there were several sounds of rapid air breaking from all around...

Ji Yang's body quickly looked up, and a smile appeared on his face.

Someone else took the initiative to die!

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed in that direction.

Not long after, a scream came from that direction!

Another quasi-god king was beheaded by Jiyang's body!

In this way, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body began a frantic sweep in the two secret realms.

Time flies!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

In the king-level area, two white lights lit up successively at the exits of the Secret Realm of the Avenue of Flames and the Avenue of the Moon.

The polar yang body and the polar negative body manifest themselves!

At this moment, the eyes of the two main bodies were full of joy.

They were full of points and were forcibly sent out by the secret realm.

After this appearance, Ji Yang's body found that there were only four figures in the square, namely Emperor Qing, Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, and the great power of the early God King.

Obviously, the points of these four people have all been frozen and have nowhere to go.

As for the other players, they are still struggling in the secret territory.

Not everyone can easily get the full amount of points like Qin Feng.

At the moment, the two main bodies silently walked to a corner.

After reaching the corner, the two main bodies sat cross-legged and began to count the harvest...

It was at this moment that Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin all felt a sense of it, and they all raised their eyes and looked at the two main bodies.

In the next second, Emperor Zi showed disdain in his eyes: "Haha! These two living treasures have finally come out!"

Emperor Jin also smiled and said, "Yeah! You see that they don't plan to go in anymore, they should know what's inside!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "Don't pay attention to them! In another hour, this round will end. Let's hurry up and refine resources!"

"Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two continued to refine resources...

Chapter 839: Lianwu Avenue! The chance is over!

In the next second, the extremely positive body and the extremely negative body appeared at the entrance to the top-grade special secret realm.

With this appearance, the two main bodies looked towards the center of the square.

I saw Emperor Jin and an early stage player of the God King sitting cross-legged.

At this moment, the two of them are surrounded by spiritual mist, and they are trying their best to refine their respective gains.

They didn't seem to notice the appearance of the two main bodies.

The two of them didn't pay attention to their bodies, and walked straight to the king-level area...

Today, the anode body is 1444 points, and the cathode body is 928 points.

As long as the two main bodies go to the king-level area and collect 1 point each, they can achieve their respective goals.

Then the chance is perfect!

Soon, the two main body levels walked to the edge of the square.

At this moment, in the center of the square, Emperor Jin's eyelids twitched slightly.

He seemed to feel something, slowly opened his eyes, and looked towards the square!

Looking at it, he found that the two main bodies were actually walking towards the king-level area.

He was stunned for a moment!

These two False God realm players are actually going to the king-level area?

Isn't this courting death!

But before he could think about it, another white light lit up at the exit of the low-grade special secret realm, and a figure appeared out of thin air.

Emperor Jin turned back quickly, and saw that the person who appeared was Emperor Zi.

At this moment, Zi Di's face was very ugly.

It turned out that after he found nothing in the middle-grade secret realm, he went to the lower-grade secret realm, and then naturally he was empty-handed.

The treasures in the low-grade secret territory have long been swept away by Qin Feng.

At this moment, he also saw the two main bodies, walking towards the secret realm of the king-level area.

Seeing that scene, Emperor Zi couldn't help feeling agitated, and looked at the backs of the two main bodies with disgust!

This time, he was devastated by earning points. Naturally, he couldn't see some players taking advantage of the realm to roam the secret realm everywhere.

The behavior of the two main bodies naturally made him very uncomfortable.

Soon, the two main bodies entered the secret realm and disappeared.

Emperor Zi didn't stop, he walked directly to Emperor Jin and sat down with his knees crossed.

"Emperor Zi, how is the situation?"

Emperor Jin hurriedly asked in a low voice.

"Hey! Nothing!"

Zi Di smiled wryly.

Emperor Jin sighed: "Hey! That's true!"

He had known for a long time that this would be the result, and he had told Zidi before that there might be no treasures in the lower-grade secrets.

Zidi didn't want to believe it, so he went to the secret realm of the lower grades.

Not to mention the Purple Emperor, after the Qing Emperor came out of the middle-rank secret realm, he also went to the lower-rank secret realm, and he hasn't come out yet!

"Hey! It seems that your points and mine have been frozen!"

Zi Di sighed helplessly.

Jin Di smiled bitterly: "Anyway, you still have 2 points, and the top three are hopeful! I only have 1 point, so I should miss the top three."

Emperor Zi frowned: "The old man always feels that besides the Qing Emperor, there is another person who surpasses the old man, but I don't know who that person is?"

Emperor Jin said coldly: "If that person really exists, then he is also a suspicious target! Emperor Qing is not necessarily the training target of Judgment God Domain, maybe that person is!"

Emperor Zi nodded slightly: "That makes sense! By the way, what happened to the two False God realms just now? The old man saw that the two of them entered the king-level area!"

What Zidi said was the very positive body and the very negative body.

Emperor Jin raised his head slightly, looking towards the direction where the two main bodies were leaving, with a sneer at the corners of his mouth.

"Haha! That's just two clowns jumping on the beam! From this chance, they jumped back and forth! After a while, they went to the False God area, and then they went to the True God area and the Main God area, and now they have entered the king-level area!"

Being reminded by this, Emperor Zi's eyes lit up: "I remembered this old man! It turned out to be those two living treasures!"

At the end, Emperor Zi shook his head again and again, as if he felt that the two main bodies were very unbearable.

The two main bodies were running around before, and many **** kings and quasi **** kings were watching, and it was a little difficult to remember!

The kings of gods are naturally contemptuous of the behavior of the two main bodies.

Immediately, Emperor Jin said again: "Those two guys are just opportunistic, knowing that there is no chance to pass the first round of opportunities, they just want to go to the secret realm of each district to get some resources!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "Haha! How can the resources of the king-level secret realm be so easy to obtain? Those are guardian spirit beasts from the main **** to the god-king level. How can these two False God children get it?"

Jin Di sneered: "Yeah! I guess they will die soon?"

"That's it! Don't talk about those two clowns! Let me refine the resources first! The next round of challenges is expected to combine the three security zones, and the competition will be more intense!"

"Makes sense!"

As soon as the words fell, the two great emperors stopped talking, and began to hurry up and refine resources...

At the same time, a major event was taking place in the king-level area, the secret territory of the Avenue of the Moon.

At this time, in a corner of the secret realm.

A black-robed old man with extraordinary temperament was looking forward with joy.

In that direction, a spiritual flower is growing, shaped like a crescent moon, emitting a faint moonlight.

[Moon Spirit Flower: The best **** rank, which can enhance the power and soul power of the extreme yin law]

The spirit flower of the best god-level!

The old man is very excited!

In this secret realm, it is not easy to find a high-grade god-rank spirit grass, let alone find a top-grade god-rank.

Of course, he can get such a big harvest, but it is not easy!

That was because he killed the guardian beasts of two quasi-god kings before he had the opportunity to pick this moon spirit flower.

It turned out that this old man was actually a great power in the early days of a **** king.

Thinking of this, the old man took a deep breath and strode towards the moon spirit flower...

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Suddenly, an invisible force of devouring came from a certain direction, and instantly enveloped the entire secret realm, and also enveloped the moon spirit flower...

In the next second, the moon spirit flower was in front of the old man's eyes, withered at a speed visible to the naked eye, fell, and then turned into a pile of mud!