Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The old man was dumbfounded!

He looked around again, and all the plants were rapidly withering at a speed visible to the naked eye, or turned into dust and scattered with the wind, or turned into mud and gave off a stench!

The whole world lost its vitality and became lifeless in an instant!

"This... what's going on here?"

The old man was furious!

Heart is very distressed!

The Moon Spirit Flower he finally discovered was gone!

The old man suddenly turned his head and looked in the direction of the power of devouring.

There must be some weirdness in there!

He would have to take a look, who the **** is it?

Boom~!

Thinking of this, the old man dodged and flew towards the source!

With this action, the aura of the God King's initial combat power erupted, stirring the world to tremble, and the momentum was astonishing...

At the same moment, where the source is.

A human-shaped black hole is frantically devouring the source of spiritual plants around!

After a while, the devouring is over!

The black light slowly dissipated, revealing the person's original appearance, which is the very yin body!

At this moment, the very yin body was full of joy.

Just now, he used Spirit Plant Devouring, which devoured all the spirit plants in the entire secret realm.

His basic combat power has increased by 240 million stars, and it has reached 30.94 billion stars!

This is not a small gain!

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

Lingzhi is swallowed up!

Next, he is going to harvest points...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But at this moment, the sound of breaking the air sounded in all directions, rushing towards his location.

The very yin body was stunned for a moment, and the consciousness swept out in an instant...

In the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

It turned out that several players were rushing towards him angrily, and they seemed to be looking for him to settle accounts.

It seems that he devoured Lingzhi and destroyed the interests of others.

Looking at those players, they are basically quasi-god kings, and there is only one old man who is an early **** king.

Ji Yin suddenly smiled on the body!

These guys are here to give him luck!

Immediately, Ji Yin dodged and rushed towards the nearest person.

The next second, in that direction, there was a shrill scream!

The extremely yin body easily killed a quasi-god king, swallowed his luck, and got a lot of gains.

In this way, the extreme yin body began to sweep the entire secret realm, dominating one side...

Similar things also happened in the Wang-level district, the secret territory of the Great Path of Flame.

At this moment, in the secret territory of the Great Path of Flame.

The polar body has just completed its devouring and gained 260 million combat power.

In this way, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 31.2 billion stars.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Title reminder: It is detected that the player's first title has been promoted to 'junior preacher', and the title task of intermediate preacher is automatically started]

[Intermediate evangelist: The combat power reaches 300 million stars, the prestige reaches 150,000 points, and the master of 20 avenues can be promoted]

Huh~!

The title task of 'Intermediate Evangelist' has finally started!

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

According to this promotion condition, his combat power has reached. 283

Reputation is even worse!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His current reputation is 128,000 points.

In addition, the avenues he masters include heart, blood, soul, power, swallowing, killing, opening the sky, sun, wind, thunder, drought, rain, hurricane, Wandu, Taiyue, etc., a total of 15 kinds of avenues.

In other words, he is still 5 kinds of avenues away!

The anode body is analyzing in his heart.

It was at this moment that there were several sounds of rapid air breaking from all around...

Ji Yang's body quickly looked up, and a smile appeared on his face.

Someone else took the initiative to die!

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed in that direction.

Not long after, a scream came from that direction!

Another quasi-god king was beheaded by Jiyang's body!

In this way, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body began a frantic sweep in the two secret realms.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

In the king-level area, two white lights lit up successively at the exits of the Secret Realm of the Avenue of Flames and the Avenue of the Moon.

The polar yang body and the polar negative body manifest themselves!

At this moment, the eyes of the two main bodies were full of joy.

They were full of points and were forcibly sent out by the secret realm.

After this appearance, Ji Yang's body found that there were only four figures in the square, namely Emperor Qing, Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, and the great power of the early God King.

Obviously, the points of these four people have all been frozen and have nowhere to go.

As for the other players, they are still struggling in the secret territory.

Not everyone can easily get the full amount of points like Qin Feng.

At the moment, the two main bodies silently walked to a corner.

After reaching the corner, the two main bodies sat cross-legged and began to count the harvest...

It was at this moment that Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin all felt a sense of it, and they all raised their eyes and looked at the two main bodies.

In the next second, Emperor Zi showed disdain in his eyes: "Haha! These two living treasures have finally come out!"

Emperor Jin also smiled and said, "Yeah! You see that they don't plan to go in anymore, they should know what's inside!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "Don't pay attention to them! In another hour, this round will end. Let's hurry up and refine resources!"

"Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two continued to refine resources...

Chapter 840 The battle for points! Ranking announced!

With the strength of Qin Feng's two main bodies, he could hear the whispers of Emperor Jin and Emperor Zi clearly.

Those two old guys obviously didn't take them seriously!

Ji Yang's body smiled without saying a word.

Of course he didn't bother to pay attention!

With his current strength, he really didn't take the middle stage of the God King seriously.

The only people who can threaten him now are the powers above the peak of the God King.

This safe zone no longer exists!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took out the token and checked the latest points.

[Player]: Qin Feng (Jiyang body)

[Evil Value]: 204, 20 points deducted in total

[Daojing Score]: 1562 points

[Accumulated points]: 1542 points

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body showed a satisfied smile.

1542 points!

The triple reward is stable!

At this time, the cathode body has also checked the points.

His points are 1027 points, and the double reward is also stable.

Having said that, the two main bodies killed a lot of quasi-god kings in the king-level area this time, as well as two early **** kings.

Before he knew it, Qin Feng's luck value soared to 4970 times.

This is another invisible strength improvement!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, the two main bodies sat cross-legged, pretending to refine resources.

And Qin Feng's mind body has digested resources in the chaotic space.

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In the blink of an eye, there are only three minutes left until the end of the opportunity.

At this time, there were only eight people in the square.

In addition to Qingdi, Zidi, Jindi, Jiyang body, Jiyin body, there are three strong early **** kings.

Other players are still fighting in the secret realm!

At this moment can end the struggle ahead of schedule, that is the master of the master.

That means that under the existing conditions, they will end their struggle only when their points reach the upper limit and they cannot score any more.

Of course, the two Emperor Zi did not feel that the two main bodies were the same as them.

In their view, these two living treasures gave up on themselves and ended their struggle.

Seeing that it was about to end, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin also suspended resource refining and began to whisper.

"Brother Zi, in three minutes, this chance will end!"

Jin Di was deeply moved.

Emperor Zi took a deep breath: "Yeah! We will be able to know who is the successor of the domain lord of Judgment God's Domain after this round of points rankings come out?"

Jin Di sneered: "After finding that person, we will have a goal."

Emperor Zi sneered: "Of course! In the next round of opportunity, the three security zones should be merged. Those of us who peep into the Divine Realm will gather together. As long as we find the target, we can deal with it!"

Emperor Jin nodded slightly: "This time, we must never let the successor of the Judgment Divine Realm feel better! The inheritance of the realm master is the goal of offering sacrifices to the heavens!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin chat privately through voice transmission.