Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

However, they didn't know that there was still a soul body that reached the Dao level in the field.

That existence is Qin Feng!

With the powerful soul power of the Dao-level soul body, the two main bodies naturally eavesdropped on the voice transmission of the two Zidi emperors.

After listening to those conversations, Ji Yang's body changed slightly!

Peeping into the Divine Realm?

Big festival? !

The more I listened, the more I felt that I was talking about myself.

After he was promoted to Hongmeng Supreme, he had the primary qualification to inherit the Judgment Domain Lord.

Listening to the meaning of the two emperors, they came from the realm of peeping heaven.

Entering the Holy Land this time seems to be looking for him.

And the great sacrifice to heaven behind them actually wanted to **** the inheritance of the domain owner of the Judgment God Domain.

At this thought, Ji Yang's brows were slightly wrinkled, and his heart was quite unhappy.

Since he took over that task, it is very likely that he is to inherit the 'Domain Lord's inheritance' of Judgment God's Domain.

The big sacrifice to heaven wants to grab the 'inheritance of the domain master', isn't it just to take his chance!

It's just that he can't figure it out, how could Dajitian know of his existence?

Is it calculated?Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

still…

The body of Ji Yang faintly smelled a hint of conspiracy.

This made him think of Tianzun.

Tian Zun seems to have been helping him secretly, allowing him to obtain some resources.

He had been strange before, Tianzun really wanted to help him, why didn't he come forward directly?

Now it seems that Tianzun seems to be afraid of some things, it seems that he is afraid that others will discover his existence.

Could it be that Tianzun is afraid of the great sacrifice to the sky, fearing that the great sacrifice to the sky will not be good for him?

The more I think about the anode body, the more I think it is possible!

If this is the case, it will be difficult for him not to reveal it this time.

It seems that after he leaves the Holy Land, he has to go to the Judgment Divine Realm as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body raised his head slightly and looked at the two of Zidi.

As soon as he saw it, Emperor Zi and the two felt a sense of it, and turned their heads to look.

Ji Yang body quickly closed his eyes and continued to pretend to meditate.

The two of Zidi only glanced at Jiyang's body, and didn't look any more.

"Brother Zi, was that kid peeping at us just now?" "

"It seems so! However, don't pay attention to him! The old man has observed it many times in secret. Since the two of them have been meditating, they have not come up with any resources for refining!"

Speaking of this, Emperor Zi showed a meaningful smile, implying ridicule.

Jin Di's eyes lit up: "So, these two living treasures have nothing to gain, so they can't come up with resources!"

Emperor Zi smiled and said, "It's just two ants in the False God realm! It's not surprising that they have such achievements!"

Emperor Jin also smiled and said, "That's true! The living treasure is really a living treasure! Seeing them running around so hard before, the old man thought that they would really gain something. Now, it seems that the old man looks at them highly!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of them laughed heartily.

Ji Yang's body eavesdropped on this, and sneered in his heart.

These two old things are really self-righteous!

Whether it's gains or points, the two old guys together are not as much as him, so they're too embarrassed to laugh at him.

When the points ranking comes out, I wonder how the two old men will feel.

Of course, his identity will also be revealed at that time.

However, Qin Feng didn't care.

Sooner or later, he will face the people who peek into the Divine Realm.

The only thing that makes him dread is how many people have come to Peeping Heaven Divine Realm?

Listening to Emperor Zi's tone, there are people who peep into the Divine Realm in the No. 1 security zone and the No. 3 security zone.

At this moment, the voices of Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin sounded again.

"Brother Zi, in a minute or two, the chance will end. You will definitely be in the top three this time. The reward for the top three is not small!"

The Emperor Jin's tone was full of admiration.

Emperor Zi smiled slightly: "It's hard to say! This opportunity is Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and the old man can't guarantee that he will definitely be in the top three. If you don't talk about others, Emperor Qing is stronger than this old man!"

Jin Di hurriedly said: "You got 2 points! It's absolutely no problem to get into the top three! Having said that, this Holy Land has a really rich opportunity!"

"In the first round, the old man has already obtained 1 Dao Crystal Fragment, which is a complete Taiqing Dao Crystal! It is equivalent to obtaining a kind of acquired Dao!"

"Judging from this, the ranking reward this time is absolutely rich! Thinking about it is enviable!"

Emperor Zi smiled: "I hope so!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi was also full of expectations for the next reward.

On the other side, Ji Yang's body was heartbroken when he heard this.

He is also curious, what will be the reward for the first and second place in this round of chances?

He has 1542 points, and the extremely negative body has 1027 points, so he will definitely win the first and second.

As for the third place, it is probably Qingdi.

That Purple Emperor was just happy for nothing.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is inexplicably funny.

Boom~Long~Long~!

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Flame), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of the Dao of Flame, and your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Reminder: You have successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Moon), comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Avenue of the Moon, and your combat power +110 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of flames! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +100 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow—the avenue of the moon! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +130 million stars]

[Your chaotic space is successfully integrated with the avenue of flames, greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 100 million star power of heaven and earth to feed back]

[Your Chaos Space has successfully merged with the Avenue of the Moon and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 130 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

Surprise!

He finally realized the two avenues!

In addition, in the previous hour, he had realized the six avenues of Wufeng, Lanwu, Vine, Extreme Cold, Jiji, and Life.

Those were Lu Wu, Ji Meng, Ying Zhao, Bai Ze, Jiu Ying, and Xiang Liu.

As a result, the number of avenues mastered by Qin Feng has accumulated to 23.

He wants to be promoted to Intermediate Evangelist, but only lacks 22,000 reputation points.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of the polar yang body and the polar yin body are soaring all the way!

After a long time, everything calmed down!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 34.6 billion stars in one fell swoop!

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Up to now, he only has several kinds of innate avenues left, and he has not yet realized it.

And among those kinds of innate avenues, his fate avenue has been realized to about 99%, which is not far from the epiphany.

"." Hey! There seems to be some movement just now?"

At this time, Emperor Zi muttered again, and then aimed at Ji Yang's body intentionally or unintentionally.

He faintly felt just now that there were strong Dao rhythm fluctuations on Ji Yang's body.

When he spied carefully, he was hidden by the polar body again.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for Emperor Zi to think about it, the voice of heaven resounded over the square.

[Holy Land Reminder: This round of opportunities is coming to an end, players please prepare, countdown: 19]

Jin Di's eyes lit up: "It's finally over!"

Emperor Zi also breathed a sigh of relief: "Yes! The old man can't wait!"

At this moment, the very positive body and the very negative body also opened their eyes!

After a while, the countdown ends.

In the field, white light flashed again and again, and one player after another was passed out of the secret realm.

In just a moment, the field was densely packed with tens of thousands of players.

Then, those secret realm entrances disappeared one after another.

The major monuments also slowly retracted to the ground and disappeared.

[Holy Land Reminder: Players with less than 3 points will be eliminated now]

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder!

The field suddenly lit up one after another white light!

One player after another with less than 3 points, was eliminated like that

Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin looked at the two main bodies in unison.

In their opinion, these two should be eliminated.

In a blink of an eye, the elimination is over!

There were more than 7,000 people missing!

But the two main bodies are still present and have not been eliminated!

The two purple emperors were surprised

The eight hundred and forty-first chapter even entered the top 100! Shocked the audience!

"Strange! Those two living treasures were not eliminated!"

Emperor Jin looked at the polar yang body and the polar yin body with surprise.

Zi Di also frowned slightly: "I didn't expect it! Just the two of them can get 3 points!"

"Yeah! There are only 20 or 30 False God realm players left in the field, and less than half of them can stay. The two of them can stay! That shows that they are considered good in False God realm! "

Jin Di murmured a little unhappily.

Emperor Zi sneered: "It's just two ants in the False God realm! No matter how powerful they are, how can they be stronger? I don't need to pay attention to them. By the way, the rankings should be out soon, and the ranking rewards will be issued soon! "

When it came to ranking rewards, the two looked at each other with anticipation.

In their opinion, the ranking reward this time.

If one of them can enter the top three and one can enter the top ten, it must be a soft reward.

Excited just thinking about it!

In the crowd, Jiyang's body naturally eavesdropped on the conversation between the two of Zidi.