Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He laughed without saying a word!

Those two old men are so self-righteous!

I suspect that he can't even get 3 points!

After knowing the truth for a while, will the two old men be shocked and doubt their life? !

However, after the elimination was over, the players breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, the atmosphere in the field began to liven up!

There are those who are fortunate enough not to be eliminated, there are those who start to gather in groups of three or five, and there are those who discuss this harvest.

At this moment, several beautiful figures are walking towards the corner where the body of Jiyang is located.

Those were Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er.

And Di Jiang, Jumang, and Qingchengzi also passed through the crowd and came over.

Soon, several people approached.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Yu Xuanji and the others greeted the body of Jiyang with joy.

The anode body smiled 283 and nodded.

Looking at the faces of several people, they are all happy, obviously the harvest is good!

Immediately, he asked, "How did you guys gain?"

As soon as these words fell, Di Jiang couldn't wait to speak: "Dad! Dad! I got 94 points!"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that this result is very good!

"Little guy! Well done!"

At the moment, Ji Yang's body doted on Dijiang's little head.

The little guy was praised and his eyes narrowed with joy.

"Dad! I got 91 points too!"

Jumang is not to be outdone.

"you are great too!"

Jiyang body also happily praised the little guy.

Having said that, these two little guys have broken 90 points, maybe there is a glimmer of hope to enter the top ten!

After all, even if the God King is powerful in the early stage, not all of them will get more than 90 points.

The guardian beasts in the king-level area are basically above the quasi-god king.

In 5 hours, killing 90 such powerful guardian beasts is not something everyone can do, even if it is the power of the gods in the early stage.

The more I think about the anode body, the more hopeful I feel.

Afterwards, Yu Xuanji and several others also shared their scores.

Yu Xuanji scored 83 points, Feng Xi 81 points, Xiao Luan'er 77 points, Qiyue 71 points, Qingchengzi 70 points.

These achievements make Qin Feng very satisfied!

It can be said that the results of Yu Xuanji and several others have crushed 99.9% of the main **** players.

The full points in the main **** area are only 60 points!

There are not many main gods who can get full marks in the main **** area.

And the main **** who can go beyond the rank to the king-level area is even rarer.

As a result, there are very few main **** players who can exceed 60 points.

This is the advantage of Yu Xuanji and the others!

Not only can they go higher, but they can even reach the third rank, so they will naturally gain more benefits.

"Not bad! Not bad! With your scores, you should all hope to enter the top 100 and get the extra reward of this round of chance!"

Having said that, Ji Yang's body showed a gratified smile.

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Dad, do we really have any hope of entering the top 100? But there are more than 120 players above the quasi-god king! The top 100 places are basically occupied by them, right?"

Yu Xuanji also nodded slightly: "Luan'er is right! Master, if we want to enter the top 100, I'm afraid it won't be easy to enter!"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "I have been to the king-level area, and naturally I know the situation inside. Most of the guardian beasts there are of the quasi-god-king level, a few are the main **** level, and a few are the early god-king level."

"Just based on the strength of those guardian beasts, it's not bad for those quasi-god kings to get 60 points in 5 hours, let alone 70 points. In other words, some quasi-god kings' scores are not necessarily comparable to the main gods. territory."

"And all of you have more than 70 points, so there is a great hope of entering the top 100 this time!"

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "Wow! That's great! If we can make it into the top 100, we can get rich rewards again. By the way, Dad, what do you think the top 100 will be rewarded this time?"

Ji Yang's body smiled: "I don't know! Just wait!"

"Um!"

At that moment, Xiao Luan'er and his party waited expectantly.

At the same time, the atmosphere in the square is getting hotter and hotter.

Everyone is talking about ranking rewards.

"Everyone, the ranking rewards will be issued next! I wonder what the top 100 rewards will be?"

"I don't know! However, the old man guessed that the reward must be extremely rich!"

"Of course! This is the second floor of the Holy Land! The rewards are definitely not bad! It's a pity! There are only rewards for entering the top 100. I have no hope!"

"Yeah! The players who can make it into the top 100 are not only the bosses above the quasi-god king, but also the ones with outstanding strength! After all, there are some quasi-god kings who can't make it into the top 100, let alone us!"

"Hey! I really envy those who can make the top 100!"

At this moment, the crowd sighed.

Many players looked enviously at the quasi-god king players in the crowd.

In their view, the top 100 appeared among these people.

As for Qin Feng and his party in the corner, almost no one paid attention.

Because no one thinks that Qin Feng, a group of False God realm players, can enter the top 100!

Having said that, more than 7,000 people were eliminated from the field.

There are only twenty or thirty people left in the False God Realm.

Qin Feng and his party accounted for one third.

It's pretty impressive when they get together.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when everyone was talking, the sky above the square echoed the ethereal voice of Heaven.

[Holy Land Reminder: The rankings of this round will be announced now]

As soon as the prompt came out, the audience immediately heated up!

"Wow! The rankings are finally announced!"

"Yeah! I don't know if those people can make it into the top 100?"

"Look! You'll find out soon!"

The more people talk, the more excited they are!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in the center of the square, the earth trembled.

Immediately afterwards, a huge white jade tablet broke through the ground and slowly rose from the ground!

Everyone looked over curiously

After a while, the stele rose up completely, and a line of golden characters lit up at the top of it—the points ranking list!

"It's the points ranking list!"

"The rankings are coming soon!"

People are muttering!

In the corner, Qin Feng and his party also watched curiously.

That Di Jiang said even more excitedly: "Dad! The reward will be released in a while! I am so looking forward to it! I wonder what reward I will get this time?"

Jumang also said: "Yes! I'm so nervous too! I hope this reward will be useful to me!"

Seeing the nervous appearance of the two little guys, Ji Yang smiled and wanted to appease the two little guys.

But at this moment, a yin and yang strange voice came from the side.

"Haha! Two little brats who are in the False God Realm, actually want to get the top 100 rewards! How dare you think about it!"

Hearing this, Di Jiang and Jumang immediately followed the sound angrily.

The anode body also looked over.

I saw that the speaker was a middle-aged man!

His skin was fair, his lips were thin, and his expression was arrogant and harsh!

The man's name is Bai Ni, and his cultivation is the pinnacle of the main god. He is regarded as the best among the players. In theory, there is a glimmer of hope to enter the top 100.

However, he himself has no confidence in entering the top 100, but he is not reconciled.

At this time, Di Jiang and Jumang were discussing, hoping that the top 100 rewards would be useful to them.

Makes them seem like they've got a reward!

Bai Ni thought he was an expert, so he looked at the sound, only to realize that the speakers were actually two children in the False God realm.

This suddenly made him feel ridiculous!

Couldn't help but sneer!

At this moment, Di Jiang and Jumang looked at him angrily.

The faces of the two little guys were all red with anger.

Bai Ni didn't care, but looked at the two little guys with contempt.

It's just two little False God realms! Really self-righteous!

Besides, isn't what he said true?

False God realm also wants to enter the top 100, isn't it just whimsical!

It was at this moment that Bai Ni sensed that Ji Yang's body was looking at him.

He knew that Ji Yang was the father of the two children.

At the moment, Bai Ni looked at Jiyang body provocatively

Om~!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At this moment, a golden light lit up on the monument.

Everyone was shocked and looked at the monument

Bai Ni couldn't help but look.

Jiyang body and the little guys were also diverted their attention, and they all looked at the monument

I saw a line of information at the bottom of the monument.

[Taolong (False God Realm) No. 31166 3 points]

"Look! The rankings are starting to be announced!"

"It seems to be announced from the last one!"

"It really is the bottom of the False God realm!"