Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Of course! With the strength of the False God Realm, you can only be at the bottom!"

The crowd chatted excitedly.

It was at this moment that golden light flashed on the monument!

[Qu Ru (False God Realm) ranked 31165th with 3 points]

[Changyou (False God Realm) No. 31164 3 points]

Row after row of rankings emerge!

Everyone's eyes widened, holding their breath, watching the monument nervously.

Everyone wants to know what their ranking is.

To a certain extent, the ranking of points can also reflect the ranking of strength.

Soon, the points ranking was more than 100, and it was getting closer and closer to the top 100!

The atmosphere in the field is getting more and more tense!

In the crowd, Bai Ni held his breath and watched nervously.

In the depths of his heart, there is still a longing that he can enter the top 100.

At this moment, a line of information lit up on the monument.

[Bai Ni (Main God Realm) ranked 131st with 57 points]

Seeing this line of information, Bai Ni suddenly smiled bitterly.

He didn't make it to the top 100 after all!

On the other side, Di Jiang and his party showed joy.

57 points to take the 131st place.

Then there is a real hope for them all to enter the top 100! .

Chapter 842 Eliminate the God King! Break into the top ten!

At this moment, an old man in gray robe beside Bai Ni looked at Bai Ni in amazement.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, you actually scored 57 points! This old man admires! I admire!"

The tone of the gray-robed old man was full of respect.

He is also a powerhouse at the peak of the main god, but his points are only 51 points, which is not less than that of Bai Ni.

Bai Ni smiled bitterly: "What's the use of 57 points? If you can't make it into the top 100, you can't get rewards, it's no different from the more than 30,000-name!"

"Friend Daoist is right! It's a pity! It's too difficult to enter the top 100. It is estimated that players in the main **** realm can enter one or two.

The old man was amazed!

Bai Ni nodded slightly: "That's right! It's Bai who is so lofty!"

As soon as the words fell, the two of them sighed and continued to look at the ranking monument...

And their conversation was naturally heard by Qin Feng and his party.

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er lowered her voice and sneered: "Haha! I thought this surnamed Bai was so powerful! It turned out to be only 57 points!"

Qi Yue quickly echoed: "Just now, when I saw how high he looked, he actually mocked Xiaodi and Xiaoju. I thought his score would be very high. After a long time, he couldn't even compare with me, let alone with Xiaodi and Xiaoju. Comparable!"

The two girls both fought for Di Jiang and Jumang.

Di Jiang also raised his mouth, just about to publish something.

But at this moment, a looming corpse aura floated over from the side.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Everyone was startled, and they turned their heads to look, and saw a tall man with a slightly thin face approaching.

That looming corpse aura floated from the man.

Looking at the realm aura it exudes, it suddenly reached the peak of the main god, the same as that of Bai Ni, but its aura seems to be stronger.

When Di Jiang and the others saw the man, they felt familiar.

But the man didn't even look at Di Jiang and others, but walked straight to Ji Yang's body and saluted respectfully.

"The lamp has seen the master!"

It turned out that the man was actually the ancient **** of burning lamps!

The anode body seems to have known for a long time that the lamp will come.

He smiled and nodded.

"Huh! Is he the ancient **** of burning the lamp?"

Xiao Luan'er looked at the lamp in surprise.

Di Jiang and Jumang were also stunned.

They have all seen the ancient **** of burning lamps.

But the man in front of him was only seven points similar to the ancient **** of burning lamps, and his expression became very agile, almost no different from ordinary people.

Especially those eyes, which used to be green eyes, are now gray-brown.

This time, the ancient **** of burning lamp came out of the secret territory, and his appearance has changed a lot.

The strength of its soul power has returned to the limit of the peak of the main god, and the combat power has reached 7 billion stars, which is already on the same level as the quasi-god king.

Looking at the expression and action of the lamp, it is more natural than before.

Obviously, this burning lamp has a big chance in the secret realm!

When everyone was reported out of the secret realm before, Ji Yang's body immediately discovered the location of the burning lamp.

It was just that the lamp was meditating, as if he had entered a state of epiphany, and he did not summon him.

It was not until the ranking of points was announced that Ran Deng woke up from meditation.

He also rushed here to meet!

"Dad! Daddy! Is he really lighting the lamp?"

At this time, Di Jiang asked in a milky voice.

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "That's right! He is burning the lamp!"

Then, he looked at the ancient **** of burning the lamp: "How did you get this time?"

Ran Deng quickly and respectfully replied: "Go back to the master! Ran Deng scored 103 points!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Di Jiang, Jumang, Yu Xuanji and the others widened their eyes in astonishment!

Oh my God!

103 points!

It's definitely going to be in the top ten!

The anode body is also quite surprising.

If Ran Deng can enter the top ten, their reward harvest this time will increase a lot!

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er said excitedly: "Dad! Burning the lamp is too powerful! With his points, he will definitely be in the top ten!"

Qiyue also smiled happily: "Yes! Master, it will be no problem to light the lamp to enter the top ten this time."

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "I hope so!"

As soon as these words fell, there was a movement in the crowd!

"Everyone, it's already ranked 103! It's going to be in the top 100 soon!"

"Yeah! I'm so nervous! I don't know who the top 100 are?"

At this moment, the crowd kept muttering, and the atmosphere became more and more tense!

Everyone knows that the top 100 is about to come out!

That's what everyone cares about the most!

Ji Yang Ontology and others also looked up...

Looking at it, I saw a line of golden light lit up on the stele...

[Kuan Zun (quasi-god king)... 102nd place... 69 points]

The 102nd place is 69 points!

Qingchengzi's expression suddenly panicked, and his forehead began to sweat!

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qi Yue and the others were also nervous, and they all held their breaths, not even daring to breathe.

Especially Qiyue, her forehead also oozes fine beads of sweat.

It turned out that Qingchengzi's points were 70 points, and Qiyue's points were 71 points.

Now the 102nd place is 69 points, so will the next 101st place be 70 points?

If so, Qingchengzi is likely to be eliminated!

Thinking of this, Yu Xuanji and the others immediately became very nervous.

Even the polar body itself held its breath and watched silently.

Qingchengzi was his confidant and subordinate, and he naturally hoped that Qingchengzi would also be in the top 100.

Unconsciously, the atmosphere in the field became a little tense!

Om~!

It was at this moment that the divine monument lit up with golden light again!

101st place information appeared!

Qingchengzi and the others all opened their eyes and looked carefully...

really!

The 101st place is 70 points!

The name that can appear is not Qingchengzi!

I see that the information is as follows...

[Luoshen (quasi-god king)...101st place...70 points]

Seeing this message, everyone suddenly breathed a sigh of relief.

Especially Qingchengzi let out a long breath.

In the crowd, a beautiful woman showed a gloomy look.

That beautiful woman is Luoshen, who happens to be ranked 101 and missed the top 100.

Many people also feel sorry for her!

hum~!

At this moment, a line of golden light lit up again on the stele...

"Everyone! The top 100 is finally coming out!"

"Yeah! Who is the lucky 100th?"

"Why don't you ask? He must be a quasi-god king!"

At this moment, the atmosphere in the crowd has become higher and higher.

Everyone is getting more and more nervous!

Soon, the dazzling golden light passed by, and a line of ranking information went out...

[Qingchengzi (False God Realm)...1st place...70 points]

Boom~!

This information is out!