Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There was an uproar!

"Oh my god! The one hundredth place turned out to be a False God realm? This old man has no dazzling eyes!"

"My God! It's really a False God Realm!"

"This...this...this is too exaggerated! False gods can also get 70 points? Who is this Qingchengzi?"

At this moment, the audience was shocked!

A player in the False God realm can even get 70 points and even enter the top 100!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it was true.

To say that the main **** realm got 70 points, they can still accept it.

As for the False God Realm, they felt it was too exaggerated!

Not to mention the False God Realm, even if Qingchengzi was in the True God Realm, they all thought it was an exaggeration.

Of course, there are also a few players who secretly aim at the two main bodies, with awe in their eyes.

·

At this moment, those people actually suspected that one of the two main bodies was Qingchengzi.

Those are the players who were killed by the two main bodies.

They know some of the strengths of the two main bodies.

"Hey! Strange! Both are 70 points, why is this Qingchengzi the first and Luoshen the 101st?"

At this time, in the square, someone raised doubts.

"Haha! It's not easy to understand? If the points are the same, the lower level will be ranked higher!"

"If the points are the same and the realm is the same, how do you rank high and low?"

"That should be based on age! The younger ones are ranked higher, and the older ones are lower! In short, with the same points, the more potential you have, the higher the ranking!"

"I see!"

Everyone showed a sudden look.

On the other side, everyone in Long Yuan was already happy.

Especially Qingchengzi, his face flushed with excitement!

He finally made it to the top 100!

This time the extra reward is stable!

At this time, the golden light continued to light up one after another.

The 99th, 98th, and 97th have appeared one after another!

Those are all quasi-god kings, and the points are all 71 points.

Everyone was amazed, and they all envy those quasi-god kings who can enter the top 100!

At this time, another line of information appeared

[Qiyue (False God Realm)...96th place...71 points]

Boom~!

There was an uproar again!

Everyone was shocked again!

Oh my God!

Another False God realm powerhouse entered the top 100!

Who is this Qiyue?

At this moment, the crowd murmured constantly!

"The second False God Realm entered the top 100! This is too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! Even some quasi-god kings can't make it into the top 100. This time, two False God realms have entered, which is really surprising!"

"It's probably a coincidence! There shouldn't be a third one!"

Many people think so.

The top ranking of the stele continues...

95th, 94th, 93rd…

Moments later, the 87th appeared!

Another False God Realm!

This time, it is Xiao Luan'er, and the score is 77 points!

The audience finally moved!

Everyone suddenly realized that among the only 20 or 30 False God players in the field, there are several powerful characters!

At this moment, everyone looked at those False God players.

There are ten people in Jiyang's main body. Except for the burning lamps, all of them are in the False God realm. It is difficult not to attract attention.

That Bai Ni was on the side, and naturally looked at Ji Yang's body for the first time.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, do you think that Qingchengzi, Qiyue, and Xiaoluan'er are among the nine people?"

The gray-robed old man beside Bai Ni muttered.

Bai Ni smiled coldly: "It shouldn't be possible! Experts like to be alone. This group of ants in the False God realm is obviously not strong and needs to help each other. How could the three of Qingchengzi appear among them? middle?"

The gray-robed old man nodded slightly, feeling that it made sense.

The group of Jiyang Ontology was a little speechless.

This Bai Ni is really self-righteous!

However, everyone in Long Yuan was too lazy to argue.

At this moment, the rankings on the monument continue to be announced...

86th, 85th, 84th…

After a while, ranked 67th, it was another False God realm!

This time it's Feng Xi, with 81 points!

The audience was shocked!

But it didn't take long, the 61st place was another False God realm!

This time it's Yu Xuanji, 83 points!

The audience was shocked!

Everyone did not expect that these False God realm players were stronger than each other!

After a while, five False Gods have entered the top 100.

They don't know, these are just appetizers.

Chapter 843: Terrorist Points! Petrochemical all over the place!

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the square.

"My God! There are actually five False Gods in the top 100!"

"Yeah! This is too exaggerated!"

"Everyone, have you noticed that the only ones who enter the top 100 are the Quasi-God Kings, the False God Realm. None of the players in the True God Realm and the Main God Realm entered!"

"Huh! It seems like this is the case!"

"No way? Could it be that players in the False God Realm are stronger than those in the True God Realm and the Main God Realm?"

"This is not clear! However, there are only 27 False God players in the audience, and 5 people have entered the top 100. It can be seen that these False God players who can stay cannot be underestimated!"nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As soon as these words fell, everyone secretly observed those False God realm players, especially those who acted alone, with complicated eyes.

As for Qin Feng and his party of nine, no one cared.

It turned out that their ideas were the same as Bai Ni!

In their opinion, strong people like to be alone!

Like Qin Feng and his party of nine False Gods getting together, there is a high probability that there will be no masters.

Presumably the five Qingchengzi, Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, and Yu Xuanji should be among the remaining eighteen False God players.

As a result, the eighteen people became the focus of everyone's attention.

In short, the appearance of the five Qingchengzi disturbed the mood of many players.

Especially some players who had the opportunity to make it into the top 100, but failed to make it, felt sour in their hearts.

Even some people have become jealous of the Qingchengzi five!

That Bai Ni is one of them!

He was originally one of the peak powers of the Lord God, and theoretically he has the hope of entering the top 100.

pity!

He couldn't get in!

On the contrary, in his eyes, False God realm players like ants actually entered five people in a row.

How could this not make him jealous!

At this moment, with a gloomy expression on his face, he silently watched the ranking announcement...

The gray-robed old man beside him was full of emotion.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, the False God realm players this time are really talented! In such a short time, five False God realm players have entered the top 100! I don't know how they did it?"

Speaking of this, the old man was extremely sighed, and his tone also revealed envy.

The corners of Bai Ni's mouth twitched slightly: "Brother, do you think the five Qingchengzi really made it into the top 100 by their ability?"

The old man was slightly taken aback: "Isn't it?"

Bai Ni sneered: "Oh! Brother, think about it, no matter how powerful a False God realm is, how powerful can it be? Can it be compared to the peak of the main **** like me?"

The old man pondered for a while, then shook his head firmly: "Absolutely not comparable!"

Bai Ni sneered: "That's right! Don't look at the five Qingchengzi entering the top 100, thinking they are very powerful."

"Actually, they were lucky enough to enter the top 100 by relying on the care of heaven for those who surpassed the ranks! In terms of real strength, they are definitely not your opponents!"

In this analysis, Bai Ni also talked about the key points.

The gray-robed old man suddenly realized: "So it is! It seems that the five Qingchengzi are not very strong, but rely on luck to enter the top 100."

Bai Ni said indignantly: "That's right! There are only five lucky guys who have been blessed by heaven. However, the good luck of these False God players will end here! There will never be another chance. Six in the top 100!"

The old man nodded again and again: "Yes! That Yu Xuanji got 83 points, which should be the limit of the False God realm. The old man doesn't think that there is a False God realm with higher points than this!"

Bai Ni smiled proudly: "Of course! The rankings are now in the top 20. Do you think there will be a False God realm that can enter the top 20? If so, read Bai's name upside down!"

But just after these words fell, there was an exclamation from the front!

"My God! This ranking..."

"No way? Another one!"

Bai Ni was startled and felt bad!

He looked up quickly...

I saw a new line of ranking information appearing on the stele...

[Jumang (False God Realm)...17th place...91 points]

Boom~!

Seeing this, Bai Ni's body trembled violently, and his expression froze instantly!