Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, what he is most looking forward to is that he can defeat the Heavenly Punisher with his own hands and get double the assessment reward.

However, Heavenly Punishers are all above 100-star combat power.

After four days, it is really hard to say how strong the Heavenly Punisher will be!

After committing suicide, he suddenly realized a cruel truth.

That is the difficulty of killing the Turtle King, which obviously exceeds the C-level task itself.

Obviously, that's because Longyuan Village has doubled the amount of resources. While getting the benefits, Tiandao has also increased the difficulty of the task.

In the same way, in the Heavenly Punishment assessment four days later, will Heavenly Dao also increase the difficulty of the assessment and send a stronger Heavenly Punisher?

Perhaps, the Heavenly Punisher faced by other villages has only 100-star combat power.

The Heavenly Punisher faced by Longyuan Village had a 150-star combat power, or even a 200-star combat power.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a big head.

Because it is very possible!

I don't want so much anymore!

The most important thing now is to kill the old dead wood demon and complete the map opening task as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode into the valley.

He knew very well in his heart that the sooner he completed the task, the sooner he would become stronger.

In this slaughtering world full of many unknowns, only by making yourself stronger can you have more chances to survive.

In the same way, if he wants to lead Longyuan Village and Longguo to experience the test of Heaven, he also needs enough strength.

Therefore, he has to constantly improve and become stronger.

In just a moment, Qin Feng walked into the valley.

As soon as he entered the valley, he saw a large field of flowers, hundreds of them, which were extremely beautiful.

However, those flowers were huge, each as big as a washbasin.

The flowers are red, yellow, blue, and purple in color.

They look beautiful, but they have some weird atmosphere.

Qin Feng was cautious, and the Eye of True Sight scanned away.

[Demon Plant]: Fascinating piranha flower

[Level]: Level 15

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 24 stars

[Characteristics]: Bloodthirsty, psychedelic, immortal.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 15%

what!

This thing is actually a monster!

Qin Feng was surprised.

Looking at the feature description, there is actually an 'undead' feature.

what does that mean? !

Is it...

At this moment, a gust of valley wind blew, and those flowers swayed in the wind, which was extraordinarily enchanting.

A burst of flowers, but also with the wind.

Qin Feng inadvertently took a sip of the floral fragrance, which was refreshing and extremely pleasant.

what!

wrong!

The next second, he was alert and quickly stopped breathing.

These are all piranhas!

It's a demon plant!

How can they smell the fragrance of flowers?

Sure enough, just as Qin Feng inhaled a hint of it into his nose, he felt the fragrance of flowers on his head, and the whole person felt a little fluttering.

That feeling is extremely pleasant, but it also makes people's spirits begin to disperse and their bodies begin to soften.

Fuck it~!

Hit!

Pollen is poisonous!

Qin Feng was horrified.

The poison of the pollen was strange and violent.

It does not hurt the human body, but paralyzes the nerves of the human, so as to control the human spirit and make human beings lose their ability to fight.

This trick is great!

What's more terrifying is that just a little bit of pollen made Qin Feng stunned, and his body became uncontrollably weak.

no!

He had to get out of those pollen grips or he was in danger.

At the same time, those demon flowers also sensed Qin Feng's strangeness.

They knew that this human was recruited, and immediately became excited.

However, the energy of this human being is too strong. Even if he is recruited, he can still stay awake and struggle.

They must increase the dose of poisonous powder and bring the human being completely under their control.

Whoo~! Whoo~! ~ Whoosh!

Suddenly, hundreds of monster flowers swayed without wind, swaying huge flowers, shaking out sheets of pollen, filling the air.

Those pollen come in different colors, forming a colorful haze of pollen poison.

At this time, a demonic wind blew, and the poisonous pollen mist flew towards Qin Feng.

As long as these poisonous mists cover this human being, it will definitely make this human lose consciousness and lose the ability to fight within a few minutes.

At that point, they can **** the human dry.

At this moment, Qin Feng is fighting against the poisonous powder he inhaled.

In the current novice stage, the biggest weakness of human beings is that they have little resistance to unknown poisons.

Even Qin Feng has some anti-toxic constitution, it is difficult to resist the erosion of pollen poison.

The main reason is that those pollen are not harmful to the body, but paralyze the nerve center of the person, and it is hard to prevent...

It was at this moment that he saw a large swath of pollen poisonous mist, and he was horrified.

He must not be enveloped by the poisonous mist 2.8!

correct!

At the critical moment, a light flashed in his mind.

Boom~!

In the next second, his whole body burst into a raging fire that was several meters high.

The terrifying fire temperature distorted the surrounding space.

That is his skill - **** flames!

sigh~! sigh~! ~ scoff!

It was at this moment that the poisonous haze of pollen came, but as soon as it encountered the fire, it all turned into blue smoke, which could not harm Qin Feng in the slightest.

In just a moment, the large cloud of poisonous mist was completely wiped out.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

At this moment, the roots of those demon flowers let out a strange cry, which seemed to be angry.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, one after another, the demon flowers rose up from the ground, and their roots were like tentacles. They could walk on the ground and attack Qin Feng.

Chapter 104 Slaughter the demon flower, happy with the green wood core!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Immediately afterwards, one after another, the demon flowers rose up from the ground, their roots were like tentacles, and they could walk on the ground and besiege Qin Feng.

Those flowers the size of the washbasin bloomed completely one by one, revealing rows of sharp teeth, resembling a wide mouth.

Fuck it~!

These monster flowers are really weird!

But Qin Feng's body is still a little weak, and the pollen toxicity in his body has not been cleared.

Not waiting for those demon flowers to approach, his heart sank.

Boom~!

In an instant, he channeled the fire of **** into his nose and throat.

Wherever the fire went, it immediately burned his nose and throat, and issued a 'Squeak! squeak! ' The scorching sound, and the smell of scorching.

The burning pain made his forehead sweat.

But the pollen he inhaled was also burned into smoke in an instant.

He immediately cleared his body and was no longer weak.

Om~!

In the next second, a faint green light lit up on his body.

Rejuvenation activated!

In just an instant, the burns on his nose and throat were repaired, and the pain disappeared.

The benefits of diverse abilities!

Perfect show!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

At this moment, dozens of piranhas have been slaughtered, and they opened their huge mouths and gnawed at Qin Feng.

"court death!"

Qin Feng danced wildly with his long sword.

Swish~07! Swish~! Swish~!

I saw the swordsmanship in the field!

In the light of a knife, the dozens of piranhas were cut into pieces, and the broken branches and petals were scattered all over the place.

But without waiting for Qin Feng to be happy, the mutation regenerated.

I saw the demon flowers that were cut off in the middle, and the fractures of the flower rods kept squirming and began to grow.

It didn't take long for a complete piranha flower to be resurrected again.

Qin Feng was stunned for a while.

These monster flowers can actually be reborn from severed limbs, no wonder their characteristics describe 'immortality'.