Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

At this time, the seventh information appeared on the tablet...

[Golden Emperor (God King Realm)...7th place...1 point]

Boom~!

The audience broke out again!

Emperor Jin is a great power in the middle stage of the God King!

He only got 7th place!

It stands to reason that he should not be in the top three?

Everyone was astonished!

In the crowd, Emperor Jin and Emperor Zi were also dumbfounded! .

Chapter eight hundred and forty-four rich rewards! Huge gain!

Boom~!

As soon as Tiandao's reminder came out, the audience immediately became excited.

"Everyone, the ranking rewards are about to be distributed! What do you think the ranking rewards will be this time?"

"I don't know! However, this is the second floor of the Holy Land, and the rewards must be very generous!"

"Of course! It's a pity that you can only get rewards if you enter the top 100!"

"Yeah! I really envy those players who are in the top 100!"

Many people's tone revealed envy.

In the crowd, Bai Ni and the gray-robed old man were also sighing.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, I really didn't expect nine False God players to break into the top 100, and two of them even won the first and second place. If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, this old man would never have believed it!"

The gray-robed old man sighed.

He couldn't describe how he felt.

Hearing those words, Bai Ni swallowed his saliva, with an expression hesitant to speak.

At this moment, he only felt sour in his heart.

Even the False God realm can enter the top 100, but he, the peak of the main god, did not enter, and he felt sullen when he thought about it.

This makes him who thinks very highly of himself, it is really difficult to accept!

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, who do you think the nine False God contestants are?"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Having said that, the gray-robed old man couldn't help but look at the False God player in the field.

Finally, his eyes fell on Long Yuan and his group, and his heart suddenly moved.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, look at those False God realm guys on the side, there are exactly nine. Isn't it just them?"

Bai Ni was stunned!

Immediately, he glanced at Long Yuan again, and shook his head with a sneer.

"Brother, do you think it's possible? All of the nine False God realms have extremely low qi and blood ages, and are basically under the age of 100. Do you think the False God realm under the age of 100 is that powerful? "

Bai Ni said confidently.

The direction of his perception is the avenue of blood, and he is very good at detecting blood.

Although he couldn't see the strength of everyone in Long Yuan, there was absolutely nothing wrong with the age judgment.

The old man in the dragon robe was stunned: "These people are not even a hundred years old! That's too young!"

Bai Ni sneered: "Yeah! So young, it means that they have not broken through to the False God realm, and their strength is naturally limited. Bai said before that the strong like to be alone, and only the weak will choose to get together!"

"The nine False God players who entered the top 100 will never appear among them..."

The gray-robed old man nodded slightly: "That makes sense! It seems that those nine are among the other 18 False God contestants!"

The corners of Bai Ni's mouth twitched slightly: "Of course! Brother, just watch it! After a while, the heaven will drop the reward, and you will know who it is!"

The old man nodded slightly: "That's right!"

Just as Bai Ni and the old man were talking privately, a strange expression appeared on Ji Yang's face.

With his strength, how could the private conversation between Bai and Ni be able to hide from him!

What made him speechless was that the surnamed Bai was too self-righteous, and felt that none of the nine Long Yuan would be able to make it into the top 100.

"Dad, that guy named Bai Ni is so funny! He actually said that we can't make it into the top 100!"

At this moment, Di Jiang's voice sounded next to Ji Yang's body.

"Hee hee! Dad, I heard it too!"

Jumang smiled wickedly.

These two little guys are extremely powerful, and it is not surprising that they can eavesdrop on those.

At the moment, Ji Yang's body smiled: "Don't pay attention to them! Rewards will be issued soon! We should pay attention to these 々"! "

Di Jiang's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, I don't know what will be distributed this time? I really want to know sooner!"

Jumang also said excitedly: "Yes! I'm so nervous now!"

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, Yuxuanji, and Qingchengzi all smiled.

They are also both looking forward and nervous!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook, and the reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded.

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for 11th to 1st places are now issued]

【Rewards are as follows】

【Bonus players double luck!】

【Reward players with 2 reputation points!】

【Reward players with 50,000 stars!】

[Reward the player with 1 Chaos Treasure Box (incomplete state)! 】

Boom~!

The bonus content is announced!

There was an uproar!

"Wow! This reward is too generous!"

"Yeah! Luck, prestige, and combat power are all there! Finally, there is a Chaos Treasure Chest!"

"Let's not talk about luck, prestige, and treasure chests! Just the 50,000-star combat power is amazing!"

"Yeah! If this old man can get the 50,000 combat power reward, his strength can reach the threshold of the main god!"

"Tsk tsk! I really envy those players!"

"Hey! Who isn't?"

At this moment, tens of thousands of players are full of emotion!

Only 100 of the 30,000 people can get the reward!

Those players who don't get rewards are naturally envious.

What's more, the rewards are so generous!

At this time, Bai Ni was so envious that his heart became sour!

If only those rewards were given to him!

He didn't realize that the Long Yuan people on the side were already full of joy.

The anode body is even more secretly happy!

He found the prestige, luck, combat power, and treasure chest that Tiandao issued this time.

It's all he wants!

I wonder if the rewards for the first and second places will also have these?

Thinking of this, he looked forward to the next reward even more.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, one after another golden reward beams of light descended from the sky!

There are a total of ninety paths, all of which fall straight to the crowd!

"The reward has finally been distributed!"

"That's right! Those six who entered the False God Realm in the top 100, let's see who they are?"

A reminder rang out from the crowd!

Everyone's heart moved, and they quickly looked at those False God players.

The Bai Ni and the gray-robed old man were the first to look at the eighteen False God players who were alone.

None of them looked at Long Yuan and everyone.

But in the next second, they realized that something was wrong.

None of the ninety beams of light that descended from the sky went to the eighteen contestants.

But before they could think about it, golden beams of light lit up next to the two of them!

The two hurriedly turned their heads to look, and saw six reward beams, covering Qingchengzi, Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, Yu Xuanji, and Jumang respectively.

Bai Ni was dumbfounded!

His entire expression froze for a moment, standing there extremely embarrassed!

Before that, he had been sneering and sneering, and he vowed to say that among the people in Longyuan, there was no master who could make it into the top 100!

It's better now!

Not only did there exist among the Long Yuan crowd, but there were also six of them at once!

This made his old face slap!

At this time, everyone also discovered the vision in this corner!

There was an exclamation in the field!

"Look over there! The six False God realm players are over there!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone turned to look at everyone in Long Yuan!

"Hey! The six of them are actually together!"

"These six people seem to have been together all the time!"

"Are these six people from the same faction?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone seemed to think of something, and the eyes of everyone looking at Long Yuan changed!

Thinking about it, with the cultivation of the False God Realm, to enter the top 100 among more than 30,000 players, that is definitely a genius among geniuses!

It is extremely rare for a force to produce such a genius!

It would be terrifying if there were six at once!

Thinking of this, the eyes of the six people in Jumang became awe-inspiring.

At this moment, no one would dare to despise them because the Jumang Six were in the False God realm.

Even Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin began to pay attention to Long Yuan...