Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone in Long Yuan didn't bother to pay attention to the attention from all around.

At this moment, under the shroud of the reward beam, their luck, prestige, and combat power have all skyrocketed...

It is very gratifying to see the anode body!

It won't take long for the luck, prestige, and combat power rewards to end!

The six people in Jumang slowly opened their eyes, and their faces were full of joy.

In such a short time, the strength of the six of them has greatly increased!

Even the weakest Qingchengzi, the combat power has skyrocketed to 200 million stars, just reaching the threshold of the main god!

Jumang's combat power has reached 370 million stars, which is almost the same as the middle stage of the main god.

What's more, the luck and prestige of the six people have skyrocketed a lot, and their invisible strength has also improved.

For such a result, the anode body is largely satisfied.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this time, the sky shook again!

One gray treasure chest after another, falling from the sky!

After a while, the six people in Jumang were rewarded with six treasure chests.

The players are envious!

Chaos treasure chest!

Even if it is not complete, its value is far more precious than a fortune-telling treasure chest.

How can people not be envious!

"."Dad! My strength has improved a lot this time!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er came to Ji Yang's side happily, with a bit of coquettishness in her tone.

Ji Yang's body also doted on the authentic: "It's good to improve! There are more benefits waiting for you later!"

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Dad, what's the benefit?"

Ji Yang's body smiled and said, "We'll talk about it after the rewards are distributed!"

"Oh! By the way, Dad, this Chaos Treasure Chest is for you!"

Xiao Luan'er took out the Chaos Treasure Chest she just got.

It was an incomplete Chaos Treasure Chest, which could not be opened yet.

Treasures can only be opened from a complete Chaos Treasure Chest.

Xiao Luan'er felt that it was useless to keep it, so she might as well give it to her father!

"Dad, this one of mine is also for you!"

At this time, Jumang also handed over the treasure box he just got.

"Master, the concubine will also be given to you!"

"Give it back to me!"

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Qing Chengzi also took out the treasure chest they had just obtained.

Ji Yang's body smiled and put away six treasure chests.

In his hand, he has a Dao Treasure Chest God Card, which can be combined into a Dao-level Treasure Chest.

Dao-level treasure chest, that is the supreme treasure chest that has the opportunity to open the device of the Dao.

He naturally has to go all out to synthesize.

And if he wants to close that Dao-level treasure chest, he needs a lot of Chaos treasure chests (incomplete state).

He also accepted the treasure chest of the six people in Jumang.

Seeing Ji Yang accepting the treasure chest, the six Yu Xuanji were all delighted.

They can finally help the master!

And Bai Ni and the gray-robed old man also saw this scene in their eyes.

The two of them were shocked by the prestige of Ji Yang's body, so that six powerful False God realms could willingly give away their treasure chest slaves.

So what is the origin of this man?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when the two were suspicious, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven sounded again

[Holy Land Reminder: The 10th ranking reward will now be distributed]

As soon as I heard the prompt, the audience was excited again!

Higher rewards are coming!

That Di Jiang was even more looking forward to it.

The anode body also showed the color of expectation.

Chapter Eight hundred and forty-fifth Heart Demon Avenue! Envy everyone!

At this moment, everyone in the field perked up their ears.

Everyone wants to know, what will be the reward for the tenth place?

At this time, the voice of Tiandao sounded again

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players double their luck! 】

[Reward players with 4 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 100 million stars! 】

[Reward players with 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)! 】

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing (sand) 1 piece! 】

Boom~!

This content is published!

The audience was extremely sensational!

"My God! This tenth place reward is too scary!"

"Yeah! Not only has the luck, prestige, combat power, treasure chest and other rewards doubled, but also a Taiqing Daojing!"

"Taiqing Daojing! It contains a complete Houtian Dao, which is Taiqing Dao. If it is half avenue, it is Yuqing Daojing or Shangqing Daojing. The reward this time is too precious!"

"Yeah! The reward value of the tenth place is almost five times that of the others! It's really enviable!"

"That's right! The tenth place seems to be Di Jiang from the False God Realm! Which one is Di Jiang?"

Om~!

As soon as those words fell, the sky rang out for a while!

Then, a dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and fell to a corner.

Everyone looked around, and saw that beam of light fell on a little cute baby who looked like three or four years old!

It turns out that little cute baby is Dijiang!

Everyone was shocked!

"So he is Di Jiang!"

"Looks so young!"

"Hey! This Di Jiang is with the previous six False God winners. So they are together!"

This reminder shocked everyone!

The eyes that looked at the people in Long Yuan changed again, and the respect was even stronger!

This group is obviously a force!

One faction has produced seven peerless geniuses, and one of them is a monster-level genius in the top ten. It is difficult for 313 not to be awe-inspiring!

At this thought, everyone was silent!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

In the crowd, Bai Ni's face was extremely embarrassed.

Before, he had ridiculed Di Jiang and Jumang, saying that the two little brats were dreaming.

I just didn't expect that he was slapped in the face again!

Thinking of this, Bai Ni's face flushed red and he was a little restless!

In a short while, Di Jiang's reputation, luck, and combat power all skyrocketed wildly.

Jiyang body is very pleased to see it!

After a while, the combat power reward is over!

Di Jiang slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After a while, his combat power skyrocketed to 450 million stars, a proper mid-term power of the Lord God.

Om~!

At this moment, another white reward beam of light fell!

Afterwards, a Taiqing Daojing (sand) and two chaotic treasure chests slowly fell along the beam of light, and in a blink of an eye they arrived in front of Dijiang.

The little guy happily put away those rewards

Everyone in Longyuan is also very happy!

"dad!"

At this time, Di Jiang happily walked to Ji Yang's body.

"Dad, these two treasure chests are for you! And this Taiqing Daojing is also for you!"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Just give me the treasure chest! Dao Jing, you keep it!"

Di Jiang smiled bitterly: "Dad, this Taiqing needs the law of fire and the law of earth to be refined. I can't refine it, so it's more suitable for you."

"yes?"

The anode body took Daojing and took a look

[Taiqing Daojing (sand): It contains 1% of the Taoism of Qiansha Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the A-level fire law and A-level soil law before refining this crystal! 】

Sure enough!

At the same time, there are no subordinates who master the two A-level laws of fire and earth, and only he can refine them.

At the moment, he smiled slightly: "It's okay! I'll accept it as a father!"

Di Jiang was delighted: "Hee hee! Dad, when you refine it, you will have another kind of acquired avenue."

Ji Yang himself smiled without saying a word, but he was quite relieved in his heart.

In this way, Qin Feng got two treasure chests and a Taiqing Daojing, and the harvest was huge.

Many people around saw this scene, and they were all envious, and even some were jealous.

Bai Ni on the side looked even more sour.

At this moment, the voice of the gray-robed old man sounded beside Bai Ni.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, this young man is not simple! Di Jiang actually called his father and was willing to give him his Taiqing Daojing! That is a complete acquired avenue!"

Speaking of this, the old man's tone was envious.

However, Bai Ni swallowed his saliva and said, "Bai Mou didn't see anything wrong with this person, but he has a good son, which I really can't envy! However, I didn't get it by my own ability, and Bai Mou also Disdain it."

The tone is still sour!