People who are jealous, no matter how much they get beaten in the face, it is difficult to change their jealous nature. It is almost an instinct.

This time, the gray-robed old man did not dare to talk nonsense.

Just as the two were whispering, the nearby Jiyang body showed a slightly meaningful smile.

How could the conversation between the two of Bai Ni hide from his ears.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven resounded again in the sky

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for the 9th place will be distributed now! 】

When they heard that the ninth place was going to be placed, everyone was excited and pricked up their ears again.

Heaven's Way's Prompt Continue

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward the player's luck by 3 times! 】

[Reward players with 5 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 200 million stars! 】

[Reward players with 3 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)! 】

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing (Chuan) 1 piece! 】

Boom~!

A reward is out!

The audience exclaimed again!

Oh my God!

The reward for the ninth place is indeed much richer than the tenth place.

Not to mention anything else, the light combat power has 100 million more stars!

According to this calculation, the eighth, seventh, sixth, and so on!

The rewards are definitely more powerful than one!

This thought makes everyone envious!

In the corner, Ji Yang's body saw such an increase in reward and showed an expectant smile.

He won the first place, and the extreme yin body won the second place.

He was naturally looking forward to the next reward.

Soon, the ninth prize will be distributed!

Next, the rewards for the eighth, seventh, and sixth places will be distributed.

Everything is as expected!

Every higher rank!

The rewards are huge!

This provoked everyone to exclaim loudly again and again!

The envy of the people for the top ten powerhouses is getting stronger and stronger.

In a blink of an eye, Tiandao began to announce the reward content for the fifth place!

The atmosphere of the audience is up again!

Everyone in Long Yuan also pricked up their ears and listened nervously.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Even the polar body held its breath and listened quietly...

Because the fifth place is to light the lamp, and the matter is concerned with the interests of Long Yuan!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the voice of Tiandao echoed over the square.

[Holy Land Reminder: The 5th ranking reward will be distributed now! 】

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 7 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 8 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 600 million stars! 】

[Reward players with 7 chaotic treasure chests (incomplete state)! 】

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing (heart demon) 1 piece! 】

Boom~!

This content is published!

The audience exclaimed again!

The combat power reward for the fifth place will reach 600 million stars!

And that Taiqing Daojing (heart demon)!

It contains the Dao of Inner Demons, but it ranks among the top 100 existences in the Dao of Houtian!

Before that, the 10th to the 6th place, the reward road is the acquired road after the 100th.

It seems that starting from the fifth place, the reward road is getting stronger and stronger!

At this moment, everyone was envious.

In the crowd, Emperor Jin was aggrieved!

With his strength and instinct, he entered the top five and got the top 100 Houtian Avenue.

However, Qin Feng's little thief was too ruthless, and he swept the low-grade special secret realm one step ahead of time, leaving his points stuck at 1 point!

Up to now, Emperor Jin has already speculated on the cause and effect, and he feels very aggrieved in his heart!

"That's right! Everyone, the fifth-placed Ran Deng is a master **** realm player!"

"Yeah! He's the only one in the top ten realm of the gods! Who is he?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked towards the center of the square.

Where there are the most players in the main **** realm, all of them look arrogant!

Om~!

At this moment, the heaven and the earth are clear!

A golden beam of light descended from the sky!

However, it did not fall in the center of the square, but in a corner

Everyone followed the sound and saw the beam of light falling on a man with a thin face.

And the man was standing in front of Jiyang body, with Di Jiang and others!

Boom~!

There was an uproar in the audience!

This scene is self-evident!

It turned out that the lamp and Dijiang seven were together!

What kind of power is this?

Eight out of ten people were rewarded, and two of them entered the top ten.

At this moment, everyone was silent, and the eyes of everyone looking at Long Yuan became more awe-inspiring.

Bai Ni on the side has a complicated expression.

Soon, the burning lamp will be rewarded!

His combat power skyrocketed to 7.6 billion stars, and he also got 7 treasure chests and a Taiqing Daojing (heart demon).

Everyone in Long Yuan was very happy.

Soon, Tiandao began to distribute the rewards for the fourth place.

This time it's Zidi's turn!

Everyone's attention was diverted again, and they all pricked up their ears and listened to the announcement of Tiandao.

In the corner, Ran Deng walked to Jiyang's body and took out seven treasure chests and Taiqing Daojing (heart demon).

"Master, these two treasures are not needed for burning lamps, please accept them!"

Light up the lamp and offer the treasure respectfully.

Ji Yang body nodded slightly, then smiled and put away the treasure.

As a result, the treasure chest in his hand has accumulated to 45, and one complete one.

This allowed him to condense the Dao-level treasure chest plan and take another big step forward.

Then, he put away the Taiqing Daojing again.

[Taiqing Daojing (Inner Demon): It contains 1% Dao Yun of Inner Demon Avenue]

[The Dao of Heart Demons: the top 100 Acquired Dao, after the epiphany, all evils retreat, and all methods are invincible! 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level Nine Consciousness Awakening and the S-level Extreme Yin Law to refine this crystal! 】

"Good job!"

The anode body satisfactorily put away the Daojing.

This Daojing, it is true that the lamp can't be refined, so he can refine it.

"Ran Deng, these three Heavenly Soul Pearls are prepared for you!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Yang took out three spirit beads.

At this moment, there was another exclamation in the square.

It turned out that the reward content of Emperor Zi was announced, and its richness once again exceeded everyone's imagination.

Chapter 846 Three disasters and nine disasters! The road is impermanent!

Looking at the exclaimed crowd, Ji Yang himself smiled.

Zidi's harvest this time is indeed rich!

The combat power alone was rewarded with 700 million stars, as well as a top 100 Taiqing Daojing.

This also makes Jiyang body look forward to it even more. What rewards will I get?

At this time, a reward beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Zidi.

Jiyang body also retracted his gaze.

At the same moment, Ran Deng took the three Heavenly Soul Pearls from his hands.

"Hey! This Spirit Orb"

After taking a look at the lamp, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

It wasn't until this moment that he knew the magical effect of the Heavenly Soul Pearl.

That is the wonder of heaven and earth that can help him reshape his physique and become a living being!

After recovering his sanity, how to change back to a living being has become a burning lantern's heart disease.

If he cannot become a living being, after returning to the realm of the king of gods in this life, there will be no possibility of promotion.

Now that he has the Sky Soul Pearl, he will be able to become a living creature again, and he will have infinite potential.

"I thank the master for lighting the lamp!"

At the moment, Ran Deng thanked Ji Yang body with great excitement.