Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Ji Yang's body smiled and said, "After the rewards are distributed, there should be a rest period. At that time, you will refine these three Heavenly Soul Pearls."

"Yes!"

Burning the lamp excitedly promises.

When he refines the Sky Soul Pearl, his strength will definitely be restored to the level of a **** king.

By then, he will be better able to help his master.

Soon, Zidi finished the reward.

The voice of heaven resounded again

[Holy Land Reminder: The 3rd ranking reward will be distributed now]

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 10,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 800 million stars]

[Reward players with 9 chaotic treasure chests (incomplete state)]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (bad luck) 1 piece]

This announcement is out!

The audience was amazed again!

The reward for the third place did not disappoint everyone!

The Dao of Doom contained in the Taiqing Daojing is a very powerful Dao of Hundred Names.

Om~!

Then, the sky shook!

The reward beam fell on Qingdi!

Everyone is envious!

"Dad, when Emperor Qing has received the reward, it will be your turn!"

At this moment, next to Ji Yang's body, Xiao Luan'er's excited voice sounded.

The little girl is full of expectations for the rewards of the two main bodies.

Ji Yang's body smiles without saying a word!

It was at this moment that the old man in gray robes muttered again nearby.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, the Qing Emperor's reward has been distributed! Next, there are the second and first places. I don't know who those two are?"

The gray-robed old man's tone was full of curiosity.

Bai Ni also took a deep breath and said, "Bai also wants to know, which two False God realms won the top two!"

"Will Di Jiang's father be one of them?"

The gray-robed old man's gaze was aimed at the body of Jiyang.

Bai Ni also glanced at Jiyang's body.

Afterwards, he said sourly: "Bai thinks that guy should be inferior to Di Jiang. If he is stronger than Di Jiang, how can he be in the False God realm like Di Jiang? Even Di Jiang can't make it into the top three, so he will Even more impossible!"

"Uh! This"

The gray-robed old man was stunned!

He vaguely felt that Bai Ni had something to say.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, Qingdi finished receiving the reward!

Tiandao's reminder sounded again

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for the 2nd place will be distributed now]

Boom~!

The news is out!

The crowd started to riot!

"Finally, the reward for the second place is going to be issued!"

"Yes! The old man has to wait for a long time!"

At this moment, everyone's emotions rose again!

The second place situation is very special!

People are naturally more curious!

"Master! It's your turn soon!"

"Dad, I'm a little nervous!

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was even more nervous.

Jiyang body also took a deep breath and waited for the announcement of the reward.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 11,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 1 billion stars]

[Reward players with 1 Chaos Treasure Box (complete state)! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (human disaster) 1 piece]

The news is out!

There was an uproar!

"Wow! The combat power reward alone has 1 billion stars!"

"The combat power of the third prize is only 800 million stars!"

"Yeah! However, this time, the luck reward is 9 times, which is the same as the third place. Could it be that 9 times the luck reward is the upper limit?"

"I guess so!"

"It seems to be the case! By the way, everyone, you said that a False God realm can get 1 billion combat power rewards, and its strength can be compared with the threshold of the main god's peak, right?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone remembered that the player who won the second place was just a False God!

A False God realm gets 1 billion combat power, which is equivalent to reaching the sky in one step!

Thinking of this, all the players felt sour in their hearts.

Especially those players in the main **** realm, their hearts are even more unpleasant!

They originally thought, how strong is a False God realm?

In terms of real strength, I am afraid that it is not their opponent!

Now it's good, the second place has gained 1 billion combat power at once, and the strength is comparable to the threshold of the peak of the main gods, directly crushing most of the main gods!

This is naturally difficult for those people to accept!

But without waiting for those people to adjust their mood, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

[Holy Land Reminder: It is detected that the score of the player Qin Feng (the very yin body) exceeds 1 point. If the hidden conditions are met, the reward for this round will be doubled! 】

Boom~!

What? !

Double the reward? !

The audience was shocked!

Without waiting for everyone to relax, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[After the reward is doubled, the content is changed as follows….]

[Reward players with 18 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 22,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 2 billion stars! 】

[Reward players with 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete state)! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing (human disaster) 1 piece! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (earth disaster) 1 piece! 】

Boom~!

The reward has doubled!

The combat power was rewarded with 2 billion!

Taiqing Daojing rewarded two!

This time, even Qingdi was jealous!

His reward is compared with this second place!

It's completely a sky and an underground!

And the main **** players are even more dumbfounded.

A reward of 2 billion combat power!

You must know that the limit of the battle power of the main god's peak is only 2 billion!

This reward, combined with the player's own strength, has exceeded the limit of the Lord God!

Om~!

At this moment, a purple-gold reward beam of light descended from the sky!

Everyone followed the light and saw the beam of light falling on a black-haired young man with a noble temperament.

And around the black-haired youth, Ran Deng, Di Jiang, Yu Xuanji, and the others all stood respectfully by the side!

That black-haired youth is the very yin body!

It turned out that the second place was him!

At this moment, everyone finally knew the identity of the second place!

Everyone immediately thought of something, and their expressions became more complicated!

·

In this group of ten people, nine people have entered the top 100, and one is stronger than the other!

In the crowd, the expressions of Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin became solemn.

The successor of Judgment God's Domain has finally appeared!

The talent of this successor is very terrifying, and even the subordinates around him are all peerless geniuses!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

No wonder the 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven' attaches so much importance to him!

Anyway, they finally found their target!

Thinking of this, Zi Di's eyes became cold...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the momentum of the extreme yin body is skyrocketing wildly!

After a long time, he slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.