Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In just a while, he gained 2 billion combat power, and his prestige and luck skyrocketed...

For such a harvest, the very negative body is extremely satisfied!

Om~!

At this moment, another white beam of light fell and landed in front of him!

Immediately afterwards, two chaotic treasure chests (complete state) and two Taiqing Dao crystals slowly fell along the beam of light...

Another great harvest!

The very yin body happily put away the reward!

The crowd is full of admiration!

After the extreme yin body received the reward, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for the first place will be distributed now! 】

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 12,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 1.3 billion stars! 】

[Reward players with 11 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (natural disaster) 1 piece]

[Holy Land Reminder: It is detected that the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) has more than 15 points, and if the hidden conditions are met, the reward in this round will be tripled! ].

[After the reward is tripled, the content will be changed as follows]

[27 times the luck of the reward player]

[Reward players with 36,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 3.9 billion stars]

[Reward players with 33 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (natural disaster) 1 piece]

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing (Nine Difficulties) 1 piece]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (impermanence) 1 piece]

This time it tripled!

The audience was speechless in shock!

Om~!

At this time, under the watchful eyes of the public, the reward beam of light fell on the body of Jiyang!

It was this group of people again!

People are moved!

The atmosphere in the field became extremely quiet once again!

Soon, the rewards are over!

Ji Yang's body opened his eyes with a look of joy.

Then, 33 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state) and 3 Taiqing Daojing also fell in front of him.

The anode body is stowed away with satisfaction!

So far, Qin Feng has 3 complete treasure chests and 78 incomplete treasure chests, which can condense Dao-level treasure chests.

In addition, the two main bodies have accumulated five Taiqing Daojing, that is, "three disasters and nine disasters" plus "impermanence", all of which are the top 100 acquired avenues.

In short, this time the harvest is full of pots!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, there was a murmur in the field.

"Everyone, have you noticed that the names of the first and second place are similar!"

"Indeed! The old man discovered it very early! Could it be?"

These words are not finished yet, the mutation in the field regenerates!

I saw the two main bodies merged into one under the eyes of the public.

Qin Feng appeared!

Everyone was stunned!

It turned out that the first and second place were the same person!

This time, everyone fell into a deep shock! Small.

Chapter 847 Merger of the three districts! The ultimate opportunity!

Looking at the exclaimed crowd, Ji Yang himself smiled.

Zidi's harvest this time is indeed rich!

The combat power alone was rewarded with 700 million stars, as well as a top 100 Taiqing Daojing.

This also makes Jiyang body look forward to it even more. What rewards will I get?

At this time, a reward beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Zidi.

Jiyang body also retracted his gaze.

At the same moment, Ran Deng took the three Heavenly Soul Pearls from his hands.

"Hey! This Spirit Orb"

After taking a look at the lamp, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

It wasn't until this moment that he knew the magical effect of the Heavenly Soul Pearl.

That is the wonder of heaven and earth that can help him reshape his physique and become a living being!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After recovering his sanity, how to change back to a living being has become a burning lantern's heart disease.

If he cannot become a living being, after returning to the realm of the king of gods in this life, there will be no possibility of promotion.

Now that he has the Sky Soul Pearl, he will be able to become a living creature again, and he will have infinite potential.

"I thank the master for lighting the lamp!"

At the moment, Ran Deng thanked Ji Yang body with great excitement.

Ji Yang's body smiled and said, "After the rewards are distributed, there should be a rest period. At that time, you will refine these three Heavenly Soul Pearls."

"Yes!"

Burning the lamp excitedly promises.

When he refines the Sky Soul Pearl, his strength will definitely be restored to the level of a **** king.

By then, he will be better able to help his master.

Soon, Zidi finished the reward.

The voice of heaven resounded again

[Holy Land Reminder: The 3rd ranking reward will be distributed now]

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 10,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 800 million stars]

[Reward players with 9 chaotic treasure chests (incomplete state)]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (bad luck) 1 piece]

This announcement is out!

The audience was amazed again!

The reward for the third place did not disappoint everyone!

The Dao of Doom contained in the Taiqing Daojing is a very powerful Dao of Hundred Names.

Om~!

Then, the sky shook!

The reward beam fell on Qingdi!

Everyone is envious!

"Dad, when Emperor Qing has received the reward, it will be your turn!"

At this moment, next to Ji Yang's body, Xiao Luan'er's excited voice sounded.

The little girl is full of expectations for the rewards of the two main bodies.

Ji Yang's body smiles without saying a word!

It was at this moment that the old man in gray robes muttered again nearby.

"Fellow Daoist Bai Ni, the Qing Emperor's reward has been distributed! Next, there are the second and first places. I don't know who those two are?"

The gray-robed old man's tone was full of curiosity.

Bai Ni also took a deep breath and said, "Bai also wants to know, which two False God realms won the top two!"

"Will Di Jiang's father be one of them?"

The gray-robed old man's gaze was aimed at the body of Jiyang.

Bai Ni also glanced at Jiyang's body.

Afterwards, he said sourly: "Bai thinks that guy should be inferior to Di Jiang. If he is stronger than Di Jiang, how can he be in the False God realm like Di Jiang? Even Di Jiang can't make it into the top three, so he will Even more impossible!"

"Uh! This"

The gray-robed old man was stunned!

He vaguely felt that Bai Ni had something to say.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, Qingdi finished receiving the reward!

Tiandao's reminder sounded again

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for the 2nd place will be distributed now]

Boom~!

The news is out!

The crowd started to riot!

"Finally, the reward for the second place is going to be issued!"

"Yes! The old man has to wait for a long time!"

At this moment, everyone's emotions rose again!

The second place situation is very special!

People are naturally more curious!

"Master! It's your turn soon!"

"Dad, I'm a little nervous!

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was even more nervous.

Jiyang body also took a deep breath and waited for the announcement of the reward.