Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 11,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 1 billion stars]

[Reward players with 1 Chaos Treasure Box (complete state)! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (human disaster) 1 piece]

The news is out!

There was an uproar!

"Wow! The combat power reward alone has 1 billion stars!"

"The combat power of the third prize is only 800 million stars!"

"Yeah! However, this time, the luck reward is 9 times, which is the same as the third place. Could it be that 9 times the luck reward is the upper limit?"

"I guess so!"

"It seems to be the case! By the way, everyone, you said that a False God realm can get 1 billion combat power rewards, and its strength can be compared with the threshold of the main god's peak, right?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone remembered that the player who won the second place was just a False God!

A False God realm gets 1 billion combat power, which is equivalent to reaching the sky in one step!

Thinking of this, all the players felt sour in their hearts.

Especially those players in the main **** realm, their hearts are even more unpleasant!

They originally thought, how strong is a False God realm?

In terms of real strength, I am afraid that it is not their opponent!

Now it's good, the second place has gained 1 billion combat power at once, and the strength is comparable to the threshold of the peak of the main gods, directly crushing most of the main gods!

This is naturally difficult for those people to accept!

But without waiting for those people to adjust their mood, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

[Holy Land Reminder: It is detected that the score of the player Qin Feng (the very yin body) exceeds 1 point. If the hidden conditions are met, the reward for this round will be doubled! 】

Boom~!

What? !

Double the reward? !

The audience was shocked!

Without waiting for everyone to relax, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[After the reward is doubled, the content is changed as follows….]

[Reward players with 18 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 22,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 2 billion stars! 】

[Reward players with 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete state)! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing (human disaster) 1 piece! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (earth disaster) 1 piece! 】

Boom~!

The reward has doubled!

The combat power was rewarded with 2 billion!

Taiqing Daojing rewarded two!

This time, even Qingdi was jealous!

His reward is compared with this second place!

It's completely a sky and an underground!

And the main **** players are even more dumbfounded.

A reward of 2 billion combat power!

You must know that the limit of the battle power of the main god's peak is only 2 billion!

This reward, combined with the player's own strength, has exceeded the limit of the Lord God!

Om~!

At this moment, a purple-gold reward beam of light descended from the sky!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Everyone followed the light and saw the beam of light falling on a black-haired young man with a noble temperament.

And around the black-haired youth, Ran Deng, Di Jiang, Yu Xuanji, and the others all stood respectfully by the side!

That black-haired youth is the very yin body!

It turned out that the second place was him!

At this moment, everyone finally knew the identity of the second place!

Everyone immediately thought of something, and their expressions became more complicated!

·

In this group of ten people, nine people have entered the top 100, and one is stronger than the other!

In the crowd, the expressions of Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin became solemn.

The successor of Judgment God's Domain has finally appeared!

The talent of this successor is very terrifying, and even the subordinates around him are all peerless geniuses!

No wonder the 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven' attaches so much importance to him!

Anyway, they finally found their target!

Thinking of this, Zi Di's eyes became cold...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the momentum of the extreme yin body is skyrocketing wildly!

After a long time, he slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In just a while, he gained 2 billion combat power, and his prestige and luck skyrocketed...

For such a harvest, the very negative body is extremely satisfied!

Om~!

At this moment, another white beam of light fell and landed in front of him!

Immediately afterwards, two chaotic treasure chests (complete state) and two Taiqing Dao crystals slowly fell along the beam of light...

Another great harvest!

The very yin body happily put away the reward!

The crowd is full of admiration!

After the extreme yin body received the reward, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards for the first place will be distributed now! 】

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 9 times luck]

[Reward players with 12,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 1.3 billion stars! 】

[Reward players with 11 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (natural disaster) 1 piece]

[Holy Land Reminder: It is detected that the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) has more than 15 points, and if the hidden conditions are met, the reward in this round will be tripled! ].

[After the reward is tripled, the content will be changed as follows]

[27 times the luck of the reward player]

[Reward players with 36,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 3.9 billion stars]

[Reward players with 33 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state)]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (natural disaster) 1 piece]

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing (Nine Difficulties) 1 piece]

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing (impermanence) 1 piece]

This time it tripled!

The audience was speechless in shock!

Om~!

At this time, under the watchful eyes of the public, the reward beam of light fell on the body of Jiyang!

It was this group of people again!

People are moved!

The atmosphere in the field became extremely quiet once again!

Soon, the rewards are over!

Ji Yang's body opened his eyes with a look of joy.

Then, 33 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state) and 3 Taiqing Daojing also fell in front of him.

The anode body is stowed away with satisfaction!

So far, Qin Feng has 3 complete treasure chests and 78 incomplete treasure chests, which can condense Dao-level treasure chests.

In addition, the two main bodies have accumulated five Taiqing Daojing, that is, "three disasters and nine disasters" plus "impermanence", all of which are the top 100 acquired avenues.

In short, this time the harvest is full of pots!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, there was a murmur in the field.

"Everyone, have you noticed that the names of the first and second place are similar!"

"Indeed! The old man discovered it very early! Could it be?"

These words are not finished yet, the mutation in the field regenerates!

I saw the two main bodies merged into one under the eyes of the public.

Qin Feng appeared!

Everyone was stunned!

It turned out that the first and second place were the same person!

This time, everyone fell into a deep shock! Small.

Chapter 848: Resource Allocation! Heavenly Sovereign!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in a secret room.

He looked around and was about to summon Di Jiang, Ran Deng and the others.