Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a reminder of the Tao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[It was detected that your reputation has reached 186,000 points, reaching the promotion standard of 'Intermediate Evangelist']

【Your title is being promoted...】

【Congratulations on your new title—Intermediate Evangelist! 】

[Title promotion is successful! You have obtained a 3 billion star power blessing! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'God Punishment Holy Light' has been promoted to a high level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Three Thousand Avatars' has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Ling Plant Devouring' has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power "Knowing Strike" has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Silent Body' has been promoted to a high-level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power "Killing Body" has been promoted to intermediate level, and its power has been greatly improved]

Boom~Long~Long~!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed wildly, and the power of various magical powers has skyrocketed!

He quickly closed his eyes and felt the crazy increase in strength!

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In such a short time, his combat power has skyrocketed to 43.5 billion stars, which is considered to have properly entered the peak of the king of gods.

In addition, the power of his various magical powers has skyrocketed by 19!

In particular, the 'Knowing Strike' magical power has reached an advanced level in one fell swoop.

Before he awakened the Dao of Heart, the one-hit supernatural power was a primary level, and he could only deliver a single blow within ten seconds.

After awakening the Dao of Heart, a knowing strike is an intermediate level, and he can deliver three strikes within ten seconds.

Today, a knowing strike is advanced into a high-level magical power, and five strikes can be issued within ten seconds.

This is a huge improvement in overall strength!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

"I don't know what the strength of Chenghuang and Dixun are? If it is one-on-one, I should not be afraid! If it is two-on-one?"

At this moment, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He thought of Chenghuang and Emperor Xun mentioned by Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin.

Those two are the peak powers of the God King!

Although Qin Feng has also reached the peak strength of the God King, he has only reached the threshold after all.

After all, the range of combat power at the peak of the God King ranges from 400 million to 800 million, and the span is very large.

The same as the peak of the **** king, the strength will be very different!

Besides, in addition to Cheng Huang, there were also Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin who were peeping into the Divine Realm.

That's it!

Forget those!

Or shut down now!

At this time, Qin Feng remembered the business and waved quickly...

The next second, white light flashed next to him, and all eight people, including Ran Deng and Di Jiang, were present.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they came forward with joy to greet him.

They have been waiting for a long time.

The next retreat has to be arranged by Qin Feng.

"Dad, this is the Dao Crystal fragment I got this time!"

Jumang was the first to take out a bunch of Dao Crystal fragments, 91 pieces a piece, all of them blue and green.

That is the Dao crystal fragment (wood), and each piece contains 1% of the Dao rhyme of the Wood Road.

Qin Feng took it with a smile.

Then, he took out 50 fragments from it, and then took out a green Dao crystal the size of an egg.

That was the Yuqing Daojing (Wood) that burst out when he hunted down the Demon King, which contained 50% of the Dao of Wood.

In the next second, the Yuqing Daojing (wood) merged with 50 fragments and turned into a fist-sized green Daojing—Taiqing Daojing (wood).

[Taiqing Daojing (Wood): Contains 1% Dao Yun of Wood Avenue]

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan's eyes lit up.

Taiqing Daojing!

Refining can get a complete avenue!

"Little sentence, this Taiqing Daojing is for you!"

Qin Feng handed it over.

Jumang was overjoyed: "Wow! Thank you Dad!"

The little guy happily took Dao Jing.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "This avenue of wood is very suitable for you! Go! Hurry up and refine it!"

"Um!"

Jumang agreed and walked away.

Di Jiang and others looked envious.

At this time, Xiao Luan'er thought of something.

The little girl asked: "Dad, Xiaoju has Taiqing Daojing, and there are 41 more pieces of wood Daojing, will it be wasted?"

Qi Yue also said: "Yes! Among us, except for Jumang, no one is suitable for refining those pieces of the Wood Dao Crystal, and the master does not need to refine it!"

Qin Feng understood what Qiyue meant.

He has a vocation skill - Faith Sharing.

As long as Jumang awakens the Avenue of Wood, Qin Feng can obtain the Avenue of Wood, so he doesn't need to refine it.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled and said, "Don't worry! Those Dao crystal fragments will not be wasted! Don't forget, Tiandao reminded that the points exchange will be opened in an hour."

"Perhaps, the Dao Crystal fragments that are not needed at that time can also be exchanged for what we need!"

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

If it can be exchanged, it will be of great help to them.

"Dad! Dad! This is the Dao crystal fragment I got this time!"

Di Jiang also couldn't wait to hand over his fragments.

There are a total of 94 pieces, all of which are space Dao crystal fragments, and there are still 6 pieces away from the combination Taiqing Dao crystal.

When the little guy saw that Jumang had obtained Taiqing Daojing, he was already envious.

After Qin Feng took the Dao crystal fragments, he looked up at the lamp.

Ran Deng understood, and hurriedly handed over 103 Dao Crystal fragments.

Qin Feng took out 6 space Dao crystal fragments and merged with the 94 pieces, and a Taiqing Dao crystal (space) appeared.

Later, Qin Feng gave the Taiqing Daojing to Di Jiang and sent the little guy away.

It turned out that the nine secret realms of the great avenues in this round of opportunity are not suitable for burning lamps.

What Ran Deng comprehends is the Innate Yin-Yang Dao, which is recovering.

Under Qin Feng's instructions, he went to the secret realm of space and the secret realm of the moon successively, and successively obtained 60 space fragments and 43 pieces of the underworld.

Next, Qin Feng continued to give Taiqing Daojing to his subordinates.

Xiao Luan'er got Taiqing Daojing (Feng).

Qin Feng's Jiyang body went to the secret realm of Fen, and got 1 quick fragment, just enough to condense a Taiqing Dao Crystal (Feng).

In this way, Xiao Luan'er handed over the 77 pieces of the Dao of Flame Crystal Fragment.

Qiyue got Taiqing Daojing (month).

The very yin body has also been to the secret realm of the moon, which was prepared for this girl.

This girl also handed in 71 pieces of Moon's Way Crystal Shards.

And Yu Xuanji handed in 84 pieces of Sun Zhidao crystal fragments and got a thousand drops of Jiuyang Shenlu.

Those thousand drops of Divine Sun Dew can awaken him to the avenue of the sun.

In addition, Xiao Luan'er also got a thousand drops of Nine Sun Dew.

This little girl has mastered the S-level extreme sun law, and also has the qualifications to awaken the avenue of the sun.

Feng Xi chose the Dao of the Underworld and had 81 fragments in her hand.

Qin Feng took out 19 pieces of Nether fragments from the fragments provided by Ran Deng, and condensed Taiqing Daojing (underworld) for them.

Qingchengzi chose the way of life, and he had 70 fragments in his hand, and there was still 30 fragments left.

Qin Feng did not have any crystal fragments of the Way of Life in his hands.

Qingchengzi can only refine those Dao crystal fragments first, and the insufficient part will be replenished after the point exchange is opened.

In this way, Qin Feng arranged it properly.

Everyone basically got the Taiqing Daojing, and they were very excited.

Afterwards, Yu Xuanji and others went to retreat.

Burning the lamp also went to refine the Heavenly Soul Pearl.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng was the only one left in the secret room.

At this moment, he took stock of the excess Dao crystal fragments, and suddenly it reached 391 pieces.

This is another great fortune!

When the point exchange is opened, it is estimated that it can be exchanged for a lot of treasures!

Qin Feng happily put it away.

Then his mind moved, the space in the field twisted slightly, and the seven mind bodies appeared out of thin air.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the seven Taiqing Daojing flew to the seven mind bodies.

Those are the seven avenues of thousands of sands, demons, human disasters, earth disasters, natural disasters, nine disasters, and impermanence, and they are also obtained in this ranking reward.

After the seven mind bodies took over Dao Jing, their eyes were filled with joy, they sat cross-legged on the spot, and began refining.

It's finally arranged!

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, his figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in another secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, each of the six spirit eggs exuded aura, and they were sleeping quietly.

The first four spirit eggs are Tianwu, Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong.

There are also two glittering golden eggs in the innermost, which are the Dijun Spiritual Egg and Taiyi Spiritual Egg...

Seeing the two spirit eggs, Qin Feng walked over excitedly...