Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

That is the 313 battle pet spirit egg at the peak of fortune, and it is the existence of the main **** realm at birth, which is a small level higher than the four spirit eggs in the back soil.

Qin Feng is now the Supreme Being of Hongmeng, and he has awakened a new vocation skill - Supreme Being of the Three Realms.

The three realms are the three realms of heaven, earth and man.

He can recruit six subordinates to merge with the Supreme Divine Seal and become the Supreme of the Three Realms for his own use.

Because of this, Qin Feng intends to cultivate Emperor Jun Taiyi into two supreme beings in the heavens, the so-called heavenly emperors.

After Di Jun Taiyi became the Emperor of Heaven, he would be able to give him back his combat power just like Di Jiang and others.

This also coincides with the myth of Longbi!

Qin Feng smiled and walked to Di Jun Ling Egg...

Having said that, if he wants to create the Three Realms, he also needs to awaken the Six Realms.

It will take some time for Emperor Jun and Taiyi to become the Emperor of Heaven.

Qin Feng inexplicably remembered that in the myth of Longbi, the Supreme Court of Heaven seems to have always been two.

The ancient heaven was in charge of Emperor Jun Taiyi.

The Middle Ages of Heaven was ruled by the East Prince and the West Queen.

Then there is the Jade Emperor and the Queen Mother in charge.

Don't think about it anymore, he will finish the matter in front of him first!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood clotting on his finger and dripped it to the emperor's spirit egg...

Pa~!

The glass-like fiery red blood essence dripped onto the golden eggshell and was sucked out at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Om~!

In the next second, the spirit egg radiated a dazzling golden light and released an incomparably happy mental wave.

【Congratulations on your successful recognition of the Lord! Di Jun Ling Egg has recognized you as the master! 】

At that moment, there was telepathy between Qin Feng and Ling Egg, just like relatives...

He was overjoyed!

Afterwards, he began to confess his master with Taiyiling Egg.

It only takes a moment to recognize the Lord and succeed!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he took out a red gourd with a whole body like jade, exuding an amazing aura...

That is Jiujiu Sanshou gourd, which contains red clouds.

Next, he will try to identify the master with a drop of blood, and let Hongyun transform into a battle pet spirit egg.

If the red cloud is successfully transformed, it is at least a fortune-level spirit egg, which is generally the same as Houtu...

PS: It's the beginning of the month, the little author asks for a monthly pass! .

Chapter 849 Title activation! Dao-level fusion!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in a secret room.

He looked around and was about to summon Di Jiang, Ran Deng and the others.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a reminder of the Tao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[It was detected that your reputation has reached 186,000 points, reaching the promotion standard of 'Intermediate Evangelist']

【Your title is being promoted...】

【Congratulations on your new title—Intermediate Evangelist! 】

[Title promotion is successful! You have obtained a 3 billion star power blessing! 】

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'God Punishment Holy Light' has been promoted to a high level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Three Thousand Avatars' has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Ling Plant Devouring' has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power "Knowing Strike" has been promoted to advanced level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power 'Silent Body' has been promoted to a high-level, and its power has been greatly improved]

[Title promotion is successful! Your supernatural power "Killing Body" has been promoted to intermediate level, and its power has been greatly improved]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed wildly, and the power of various magical powers has skyrocketed!

He quickly closed his eyes and felt the crazy increase in strength!

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In such a short time, his combat power has skyrocketed to 43.5 billion stars, which is considered to have properly entered the peak of the king of gods.

In addition, the power of his various magical powers has skyrocketed by 19!

In particular, the 'Knowing Strike' magical power has reached an advanced level in one fell swoop.

Before he awakened the Dao of Heart, the one-hit supernatural power was a primary level, and he could only deliver a single blow within ten seconds.

After awakening the Dao of Heart, a knowing strike is an intermediate level, and he can deliver three strikes within ten seconds.

Today, a knowing strike is advanced into a high-level magical power, and five strikes can be issued within ten seconds.

This is a huge improvement in overall strength!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

"I don't know what the strength of Chenghuang and Dixun are? If it is one-on-one, I should not be afraid! If it is two-on-one?"

At this moment, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He thought of Chenghuang and Emperor Xun mentioned by Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin.

Those two are the peak powers of the God King!

Although Qin Feng has also reached the peak strength of the God King, he has only reached the threshold after all.

After all, the range of combat power at the peak of the God King ranges from 400 million to 800 million, and the span is very large.

The same as the peak of the **** king, the strength will be very different!

Besides, in addition to Cheng Huang, there were also Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin who were peeping into the Divine Realm.

That's it!

Forget those!

Or shut down now!

At this time, Qin Feng remembered the business and waved quickly...

The next second, white light flashed next to him, and all eight people, including Ran Deng and Di Jiang, were present.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they came forward with joy to greet him.

They have been waiting for a long time.

The next retreat has to be arranged by Qin Feng.

"Dad, this is the Dao Crystal fragment I got this time!"

Jumang was the first to take out a bunch of Dao Crystal fragments, 91 pieces a piece, all of them blue and green.

That is the Dao crystal fragment (wood), and each piece contains 1% of the Dao rhyme of the Wood Road.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Qin Feng took it with a smile.

Then, he took out 50 fragments from it, and then took out a green Dao crystal the size of an egg.

That was the Yuqing Daojing (Wood) that burst out when he hunted down the Demon King, which contained 50% of the Dao of Wood.

In the next second, the Yuqing Daojing (wood) merged with 50 fragments and turned into a fist-sized green Daojing—Taiqing Daojing (wood).

[Taiqing Daojing (Wood): Contains 1% Dao Yun of Wood Avenue]

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan's eyes lit up.

Taiqing Daojing!

Refining can get a complete avenue!

"Little sentence, this Taiqing Daojing is for you!"

Qin Feng handed it over.

Jumang was overjoyed: "Wow! Thank you Dad!"

The little guy happily took Dao Jing.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "This avenue of wood is very suitable for you! Go! Hurry up and refine it!"

"Um!"

Jumang agreed and walked away.

Di Jiang and others looked envious.

At this time, Xiao Luan'er thought of something.

The little girl asked: "Dad, Xiaoju has Taiqing Daojing, and there are 41 more pieces of wood Daojing, will it be wasted?"

Qi Yue also said: "Yes! Among us, except for Jumang, no one is suitable for refining those pieces of the Wood Dao Crystal, and the master does not need to refine it!"

Qin Feng understood what Qiyue meant.

He has a vocation skill - Faith Sharing.

As long as Jumang awakens the Avenue of Wood, Qin Feng can obtain the Avenue of Wood, so he doesn't need to refine it.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled and said, "Don't worry! Those Dao crystal fragments will not be wasted! Don't forget, Tiandao reminded that the points exchange will be opened in an hour."

"Perhaps, the Dao Crystal fragments that are not needed at that time can also be exchanged for what we need!"

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

If it can be exchanged, it will be of great help to them.

"Dad! Dad! This is the Dao crystal fragment I got this time!"

Di Jiang also couldn't wait to hand over his fragments.

There are a total of 94 pieces, all of which are space Dao crystal fragments, and there are still 6 pieces away from the combination Taiqing Dao crystal.

When the little guy saw that Jumang had obtained Taiqing Daojing, he was already envious.

After Qin Feng took the Dao crystal fragments, he looked up at the lamp.

Ran Deng understood, and hurriedly handed over 103 Dao Crystal fragments.

Qin Feng took out 6 space Dao crystal fragments and merged with the 94 pieces, and a Taiqing Dao crystal (space) appeared.

Later, Qin Feng gave the Taiqing Daojing to Di Jiang and sent the little guy away.

It turned out that the nine secret realms of the great avenues in this round of opportunity are not suitable for burning lamps.

What Ran Deng comprehends is the Innate Yin-Yang Dao, which is recovering.

Under Qin Feng's instructions, he went to the secret realm of space and the secret realm of the moon successively, and successively obtained 60 space fragments and 43 pieces of the underworld.

Next, Qin Feng continued to give Taiqing Daojing to his subordinates.

Xiao Luan'er got Taiqing Daojing (Feng).