Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng's Jiyang body went to the secret realm of Fen, and got 1 quick fragment, just enough to condense a Taiqing Dao Crystal (Feng).

In this way, Xiao Luan'er handed over the 77 pieces of the Dao of Flame Crystal Fragment.

Qiyue got Taiqing Daojing (month).

The very yin body has also been to the secret realm of the moon, which was prepared for this girl.

This girl also handed in 71 pieces of Moon's Way Crystal Shards.

And Yu Xuanji handed in 84 pieces of Sun Zhidao crystal fragments and got a thousand drops of Jiuyang Shenlu.

Those thousand drops of Divine Sun Dew can awaken him to the avenue of the sun.

In addition, Xiao Luan'er also got a thousand drops of Nine Sun Dew.

This little girl has mastered the S-level extreme sun law, and also has the qualifications to awaken the avenue of the sun.

Feng Xi chose the Dao of the Underworld and had 81 fragments in her hand.

Qin Feng took out 19 pieces of Nether fragments from the fragments provided by Ran Deng, and condensed Taiqing Daojing (underworld) for them.

Qingchengzi chose the way of life, and he had 70 fragments in his hand, and there was still 30 fragments left.

Qin Feng did not have any crystal fragments of the Way of Life in his hands.

Qingchengzi can only refine those Dao crystal fragments first, and the insufficient part will be replenished after the point exchange is opened.

In this way, Qin Feng arranged it properly.

Everyone basically got the Taiqing Daojing, and they were very excited.

Afterwards, Yu Xuanji and others went to retreat.

Burning the lamp also went to refine the Heavenly Soul Pearl.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng was the only one left in the secret room.

At this moment, he took stock of the excess Dao crystal fragments, and suddenly it reached 391 pieces.

This is another great fortune!

When the point exchange is opened, it is estimated that it can be exchanged for a lot of treasures!

Qin Feng happily put it away.

Then his mind moved, the space in the field twisted slightly, and the seven mind bodies appeared out of thin air.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the seven Taiqing Daojing flew to the seven mind bodies.

Those are the seven avenues of thousands of sands, demons, human disasters, earth disasters, natural disasters, nine disasters, and impermanence, and they are also obtained in this ranking reward.

After the seven mind bodies took over Dao Jing, their eyes were filled with joy, they sat cross-legged on the spot, and began refining.

It's finally arranged!

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, his figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in another secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, each of the six spirit eggs exuded aura, and they were sleeping quietly.

The first four spirit eggs are Tianwu, Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong.

There are also two glittering golden eggs in the innermost, which are the Dijun Spiritual Egg and Taiyi Spiritual Egg...

Seeing the two spirit eggs, Qin Feng walked over excitedly...

That is the 313 battle pet spirit egg at the peak of fortune, and it is the existence of the main **** realm at birth, which is a small level higher than the four spirit eggs in the back soil.

Qin Feng is now the Supreme Being of Hongmeng, and he has awakened a new vocation skill - Supreme Being of the Three Realms.

The three realms are the three realms of heaven, earth and man.

He can recruit six subordinates to merge with the Supreme Divine Seal and become the Supreme of the Three Realms for his own use.

Because of this, Qin Feng intends to cultivate Emperor Jun Taiyi into two supreme beings in the heavens, the so-called heavenly emperors.

After Di Jun Taiyi became the Emperor of Heaven, he would be able to give him back his combat power just like Di Jiang and others.

This also coincides with the myth of Longbi!

Qin Feng smiled and walked to Di Jun Ling Egg...

Having said that, if he wants to create the Three Realms, he also needs to awaken the Six Realms.

It will take some time for Emperor Jun and Taiyi to become the Emperor of Heaven.

Qin Feng inexplicably remembered that in the myth of Longbi, the Supreme Court of Heaven seems to have always been two.

The ancient heaven was in charge of Emperor Jun Taiyi.

The Middle Ages of Heaven was ruled by the East Prince and the West Queen.

Then there is the Jade Emperor and the Queen Mother in charge.

Don't think about it anymore, he will finish the matter in front of him first!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood clotting on his finger and dripped it to the emperor's spirit egg...

Pa~!

The glass-like fiery red blood essence dripped onto the golden eggshell and was sucked out at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Om~!

In the next second, the spirit egg radiated a dazzling golden light and released an incomparably happy mental wave.

【Congratulations on your successful recognition of the Lord! Di Jun Ling Egg has recognized you as the master! 】

At that moment, there was telepathy between Qin Feng and Ling Egg, just like relatives...

He was overjoyed!

Afterwards, he began to confess his master with Taiyiling Egg.

It only takes a moment to recognize the Lord and succeed!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he took out a red gourd with a whole body like jade, exuding an amazing aura...

That is Jiujiu Sanshou gourd, which contains red clouds.

Next, he will try to identify the master with a drop of blood, and let Hongyun transform into a battle pet spirit egg.

If the red cloud is successfully transformed, it is at least a fortune-level spirit egg, which is generally the same as Houtu...

PS: It's the beginning of the month, the little author asks for a monthly pass! .

Chapter 850 Dao Sharing! Soaring strength!

At the moment, Qin Feng was in the corner of the secret room, found an open space, and sat down cross-legged.

Afterwards, he was about to open the cork of the Nine-Nine Sansoul gourd, ready to recognize the master with Hongyun.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking innate power of the Great Dao emanated from his sea of ​​consciousness and instantly poured into his body

[Reminder: You have successfully comprehended the Scroll of Destiny Avenue, comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of Destiny Avenue, your combat power + 300 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the innate avenue - the avenue of destiny! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +400 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated with the Avenue of Destiny and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 400 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum is skyrocketing wildly!

In a blink of an eye, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 44.6 billion stars, and it has improved a lot!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

He finally awakened a kind of innate avenue!

In this way, the innate avenues he masters are: the four avenues of heart, soul, blood, and destiny.

The innate avenue of chaos space fusion, plus a causal avenue, that is five.

As long as he awakens an innate avenue again, the chaotic space can be upgraded again!

Having said that, the total number of avenues he currently masters has reached 24!

The avenues that he has not yet refined are the seven types of points rewarded this time, and the several types of avenues that Dijiang and several people are refining.

In this way, there are more than ten kinds of avenues he is about to obtain!

Just thinking about it makes him feel happy!

In addition, he also has the Dao of Cause and Effect, the Dao of Six Realms, the Dao of Creation, the Dao of Chaos, the Dao of Creation, and the Dao of Yizhi.

These are all extremely important innate avenues!

In addition, Qin Feng also has an immortal Dao crystal and a reincarnated Dao crystal.

That Indestructible Dao Crystal is a complete body, containing 1% Dao Rhyme of Indestructible Dao.

It's a pity that Qin Feng has not mastered the law of SSS-level immortality, so he cannot refine it.

Reincarnation Daojing contains 50% reincarnation Dao rhyme, and it has not been collected yet, and Qin Feng is not in a hurry to refine it.

This Dao of Immortality and Dao of Reincarnation are also Innate Dao, but they are ranked at the bottom!

In this way, there are still eight kinds of innate avenues that Qin Feng can master, all of which are being prepared.

After taking stock of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he opened the cork of the Sansoul gourd and began to let Hongyun recognize the master.

In this way, Qin Feng began to retreat

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, more than fifty minutes passed by the outside world.

In the square, more and more players woke up from the retreat.

Because in another five or six minutes, the redemption of points will start.

More than fifty minutes have passed in the outside world, and thirty-seven hours have passed in the chaotic space.

In these thirty-seven hours, Qin Feng gained a huge harvest

At this moment, the chaotic space, a certain secret room.

Qin Feng looked at the treasure chest in front of him with joy.

It was a purple treasure chest, exuding a heaven-shattering Dao rhyme and a sacred glow, and it was extremely extraordinary at first glance...

[Dao-level treasure chest: 1% chance to open the 'Article of the Dao', 99.99% will fail to open the box and turn into nothingness]

This is actually an extremely precious Taoist treasure chest!

It turned out that Qin Feng used the 'Dao Treasure Box God Card' to fuse the treasure box in his hand into a 'Dao-level treasure box'.

In this way, he has a Taoist treasure chest and 8 Chaos treasure chests (incomplete state) in his hand.

Taoist treasure chest!

This is a strange thing that can open the device of the avenue!

The device of the Great Dao, can suppress the qi and avoid the cause and effect, endure ten thousand eons without grinding, and last forever and never die!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Qin Feng thought excitedly.

It's a pity that he can't open this treasure box yet!

Because the success rate of this treasure chest is only 1%, if it fails, it will be turned into nothingness on the spot, which is really not worth it!

"It seems that I have to increase my luck to more than 10,000 times to increase the success rate to 1%"! "

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

His current luck is 9470 times, not far from 10,000 times.