Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Going on like this, it is really difficult for him to kill these demon flowers.

How to kill, how to regenerate.

Then **** it?

correct!

Qin Feng's heart moved, he even held the long knife in front of him, stroked the blade with his left hand, and wiped it slowly...

Boom~boom~boom~!

Suddenly, the blade ignited a raging flame and turned into a long flaming blade.

At this moment, a group of demon flowers, reborn from severed limbs, came under siege again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng shot with a long knife, and the flames filled the sky.

Those demon flowers that were cut off by the flaming long knife were scorched at their severed limbs and could no longer be reborn.

The demon flowers seemed to feel great pain, and each made a strange cry of 'squeak'.

Ha ha!

The flames of **** can really restrain the demon flower!

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and hurriedly swung the flaming long knife into the flower group.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The demon flower screamed constantly!

Under the scorching flames of hell, demon flowers constantly turned into coke.

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

...

Another feast of energy harvesting began like this.

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and slaughtered happily.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

Some demon flowers realize the danger and are about to run away.

But they use roots as tentacles and move very slowly on the ground, where they can escape...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and the Aoki core exploded. 】

…

Qin Feng continues to kill!

He found that every time he killed seven or eight demon flowers, something called 'Aoki Core' would erupt, and he didn't know what it was.

He was slaughtering the demon flower, and he didn't have time to check it.

It didn't take long for him to slaughter more than a hundred ecstasy man-eating flowers, leaving none of them.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He also got more than 80,000 energy points, which made him feel somber.

It was only then that he had time to pick up a green wood core and examine it.

The blue wood core was green throughout, only about a foot long, and the material looked like wood, but it was as smooth and hard as jade.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the eye of true vision swept away.

[Bluewood Core: Tier 2 resource, produced in the ecstasy of piranhas in Wanhua Valley, has the effect of speeding up the recovery of physique, and is an essential material for upgrading to Tier 3 wooden houses. 】

what!

It turns out that this is a must-have material for upgrading a level 3 wooden house!

Just like the Frozen Stone!

This green wood core is also a strategic resource, which is even more precious than the ice stone.

Qin Feng looked down and saw that there were eleven green wood cores on the ground.

Earned!

Earned this time!

If he didn't come to Wanhua Valley, he didn't know where to find materials to upgrade to the third-level wooden house in the future.

Immediately, he picked up the eleven green wood cores with a look of joy, and then stuffed them into the storage ring...

After processing the green wood core, Qin Feng wanted to donate the remains of those piranhas.

However, it was found that most of them have become coke, and some have even become ashes, and have no donation value.

He ignored it, tried to extract endlessly, and successfully extracted 6 energy attributes, which was considered a gain.

In fact, the value of the twelve green wood cores has already made him very satisfied.

Donate a green wood core, you can get 50 exchange points, which is more than twice that of the ice stone.

From this point of view, he made a lot of money this time.

Besides, he also got more than 80,000 energy points.

"It's time to move on!"

Qin Feng looked up at the depths of the valley.

That old dead wood demon is in the deepest part of the valley!

Having said that, the range of this valley is not small, and it takes some time to get to the deepest part.

Immediately, he continued to walk deep into the valley.

At the same time, in the chat channel, everyone was full of energy, and they were chatting with enthusiasm.

"Haha! Brothers, the number of first-class wooden houses in our village has reached 94, which is only 6 away from the goal of 100."

"Not bad! Not bad! Everyone works hard! Come on!"

"Haha! Of course!"

"Everyone, I found that I'm addicted to logging! It's risk-free and easy to do this, and I can exchange contribution points for energy stones, so I can still upgrade!"

"Haha! I have also decided that even if there are 100 tier 1 wooden houses, I will continue to log! I found a large piece of tier 0 trees, one by one, it's so cool!"

"The two upstairs, I support you! If my guess is correct, in the future, upgrading from a level 1 village to a level 2 village will require more novice cabins to reach the level 1 standard, so your career has a bright future!"

"Brothers, this is the division of labor and cooperation! I believe that our Longyuan Village will get better and better!

"Yeah! When I think of the glorious future of Longyuan Village, I get excited!"

"Haha! Everyone, don't talk too much, everyone, work hard! Try to reach the fourth standard of upgrading the village as soon as possible - 100 level 1 wooden houses!"

"Upstairs at 370, our victory is in sight! At present, the biggest pressure should be Liu Xuan and a few bosses, just wait for them to rise to level 10 sooner!"

"Hey! Everyone, look at the ranking list, Qin Feng's boss has risen to level 12!"

"Wow! Really!"

"Oh my god! The boss is too powerful!"

The crowd was amazed.

Up to now, everyone has realized that the further down the level, the harder it is to upgrade.

Going from level 11 to level 12 is several times harder than going from level 1 to level 10!

They dare not imagine how Qin Feng did it.

"Everyone, look! Liu Yuan is leveling up so fast, he's already ranked third!"

"Yes! Huh! No, the ranking list was refreshed just now. Liu Yuan surpassed Lei Jue and was second only to Liu Xuan!"

"Fuck~! Why did he level up so quickly? What did he do?"

"He must have discovered a secret to a quick upgrade!"

"Yes! Quickly call Liu Yuan and let him teach the secret of rapid upgrade!"

"Big Boss Liu Yuan! Call Big Boss Liu Yuan!"

"Boss Liu Yuan, quickly teach you the secret of leveling up and speeding up, the brothers will be grateful to you!"

Everyone kept calling, but Liu Yuan did not respond for a long time.

"Uh! This guy doesn't respond!"

"Fuck~! I knew that Liu Yuan was a thief. He discovered the skills and wouldn't say it."

"Haha! Most of the secret is that it's not easy to use if there are more people who know it, so he doesn't want to tell it."

"That's right! It's his ability to discover that secret! Brothers, stop gossip! Come on!"

"Come on! Let's go together!"

The blood boiled again and everyone continued to invest in the great cause of village upgrading.

Chapter 105 Frozen thousands of miles, sweeping thousands of troops!

Before I knew it, half an hour passed.

Qin Feng finally arrived at the deepest part of Wanhua Valley.

Along the way, he encountered all kinds of level 15 beasts, some were monsters, some were insects, and some were beasts.

The Valley of Ten Thousand Flowers is a huge ecosystem.

He beheaded dozens of beasts back and forth, harvested more than 30,000 energy points, and extracted more than 20 attribute points.

Now, his combat power has been raised to the limit of 87 stars, and his upgrade progress has reached level 12 (323700/1000000), which is a big improvement.

At this moment, Qin Fengyao looked several miles ahead.

In that direction, there is a towering ancient tree, reaching a height of 10,000 zhang, with a broad canopy, covering several miles and a grand scale.

It's just that on those branches, there are some withered leaves, which are sparse and withered.

That was his goal this time - the old dead wood demon.

[Demon Plant]: Deadwood Old Demon (King Level)

[Level]: Level 16

[Combat evaluation]: 53 stars

[Characteristics]: Control, Immortality, Aging.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

what!

This old tree demon was actually a level 16 king-level monster.

Logically speaking, shouldn't it be a level 15 king-level monster?