Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In the next round of opportunities, as long as he kills a few more **** kings, he will be able to get together.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the treasure chest with satisfaction.

He is looking forward to opening this Taoist treasure chest!

After collecting the treasure chest, he looked forward again.

There is a whole-body red spirit egg with cloud patterns and innate dao patterns on it.

[Red Cloud: Fortune-level, battle pet spirit egg, the first red cloud born in this universe, has recognized the owner]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a relieved smile!

In this retreat, he quickly and smoothly transformed Hongyun into a spirit egg and made him recognize his master.

As a result, there are 7 battle pet spirit eggs in his hand.

In short, his retreat this time was very complete, and the resources that should be digested were almost digested.

He is very satisfied!

Counting the time, the redemption of points is about to start!

It's time for him to go out and see what's going on!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to leave...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, a majestic mental power fluctuation radiated from him...

At the same time, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Reminder: Your mind body has controlled the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' to devour the 16th Grade Pure World White Lotus successfully, and your Holy Lotus of Mind is automatically advanced...]

【Advanced success! The holy lotus of your mind has blossomed with sixteen petals, reaching the level of creation! You have gained a lot of energy back, combat power +300 million stars...]

【Advanced success! Your soul body is transformed with the help of the Holy Lotus of Mind. The strength of the soul body reaches the Tao level soul body (primary peak), and the combat power is +200 million stars….]

Hearing these prompts, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises.

Dao-level soul body!

From elementary to elementary peak, they belong to the half-step eternal level!

From the intermediate level to the peak of the intermediate level, that is the Eternal Realm level.

This time he refined the 'Sixteenth Grade Pure World White Lotus', which actually made the soul body advance.

At the moment, his heart moved, and the holy light was released in front of him.

A holy lotus of consciousness as white as jade appeared in front of him!

This is the holy lotus of his mind!

Since the pure white lotus has been refined, it is time to return!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the holy lotus of consciousness turned into a white light, poured into his eyebrows and disappeared...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, another majestic Dao power radiated from him...

[Reminder: You realized the Dao Rhyme of 1% of Longevity Avenue in refining the 'Sixteenth Grade Pure World White Lotus', your combat power +120 million stars! 】

[Congratulations on your epiphany to the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of longevity! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +200 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated with the Avenue of Longevity, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 200 million stars for the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this reminder came out, Qin Feng's whole body's momentum skyrocketed wildly!

He was instantly amazed!

Refining the pure white lotus, there is a 40% chance of enlightening the avenue of longevity, and he succeeded in enlightenment!

This is luck!

Thinking about it, he is the master of high-level destiny, and his luck has reached more than 9,000 times!

This time, it was no surprise that he could have an epiphany on the Great Way of Longevity!

As a result, the number of avenues he masters has reached 32!

During this time of retreat, his mind body has successively refined the seven great ways of thousands of sands, inner demons, human disasters, earth disasters, natural disasters, nine calamities, and impermanence.

This makes the avenues under his control reach 32!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this moment, he can't wait to open the panel and check his latest data...

[Level]: Level 85

[Occupation]: Level 80 (Hongmeng Judgment Supreme)

[Luck]: 9470 times (advanced master of destiny)

【Reputation】: 186,000 points

[Combat power]: 49.3 billion stars

The combat power has reached 49.3 billion stars!

very good!

Qin Feng laughed!

He is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Title reminder: It is detected that the player's first title has been promoted to 'intermediate guardian', and the title task of senior preacher is automatically started]

[The promotion criteria for senior evangelists are as follows...]

[Combat power reaches 500 million stars]

【Reputation reaches 200,000 points】

【Master the Fifty Avenues】

The mission of the senior evangelist is on!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

If he wants to become a substitute for heaven, he must first get the first title and be promoted to the ultimate evangelist.

Now, he is only an intermediate preacher!

Looking at the promotion conditions this time, he did not meet any of them!Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

It seems that he has to work hard!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and closed the panel.

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

When he reappeared, Qin Feng had already gone to the outside world.

At this time, he was in the foggy barrier.

No one outside can see him!

He can see the situation outside clearly.

At this moment, Qin Feng looked around the whole square through the fog barrier,

I saw that 90% of the players had stopped in retreat.

Everyone is chatting excitedly, and the next points are exchanged.

Speaking of points exchange, Qin Feng was also full of expectations.

Suddenly, he sensed something, looked up and looked forward

I saw that in that direction, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin frequently snooped.

These two have also ended their retreat!

At this moment, the two were whispering while spying.

"."Brother Zi, in three minutes, the point redemption will begin. Why hasn't Qin Feng's child come out yet?"

Jin Di murmured softly.

Emperor Zi sneered: "I guess it's coming soon! Brother Jin, what kind of strength do you think Qin Feng Xiaoer will have after this retreat?"

Emperor Jin sneered: "How strong can a False God realm be? It is estimated that it has more than 200 million combat power, and it is impossible to reach 300 million stars!"

Emperor Zi smiled slightly: "It's the same as what the old man thinks! If that kid doesn't have 300 million combat power, you and I will be able to suppress him together. If Lord Chenghuang and Di Xun take action again, killing that little thief will be the difference. A matter of minutes!"

Emperor Jin also smiled proudly: "Of course! Master Cheng Huang's combat power has reached 600 million stars, and Master Di Xun has even reached 700 million stars. Killing that little thief is not enough!"

Emperor Zi smiled and said, "Wait and see! The show is yet to come!"

As soon as the words fell, the two smiled knowingly again.

In the Lanwu Barrier, Qin Feng was shocked when he eavesdropped on this!

It turns out that the strength of Chenghuang and Dixun is so strong!

His current combat strength is only 49.3 billion, so I am afraid that he is not the opponent of Cheng Huang and Di Xun.

If it is one against two, it will be even more headache!

However, the two Emperor Zi also underestimated his strength!

PS: It’s the beginning of the month, and the little author is asking for a monthly pass. Thank you readers!

Chapter 851: The Great Way of Merit! Sweep away!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes were withdrawn from the two Zidi.

After learning about the great strength of Chenghuang and Dixun, he began to think about how to improve his strength.

With his existing resources, the fastest way to improve his strength is naturally enlightenment.

Especially the Awakening Innate Avenue!

As long as he awakens an innate avenue again, the chaotic space can be upgraded.

Among the many congenital avenues of enlightenment, his understanding of the avenues of creation has reached more than 98%, and he is most likely to wake up before the next round of opportunities opens.

The reason why he realized the Dao of Fortune so quickly was because of Hongyun's recognition of the master, which allowed him to obtain 60% of the Dao of Fortune in one fell swoop.

The red cloud was born at the beginning of the universe. It is the first spiritual cloud, and it has the power of creation innately.

Let it recognize the master, can feed back 60% of the master's good fortune rhyme.

In addition, he can also obtain Dao sharing from Di Jiang, Jumang and others.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up

He sensed that Di Jiang, Jumang, and others had all left!

Immediately, he waved his hand quickly, and white light flashed around!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, Fengxi, Yu Xuanji, and Qingchengzi all appeared.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

As soon as several people appeared, they happily came forward to meet them.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile and looked at the seven people in Dijiang.

Seeing this, a happy smile appeared on his face.

I saw that apart from Qingchengzi, Di Jiang, Jumang and others all mastered one avenue, and Xiao Luaner mastered two avenues.