Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As a result, the strength of the six people in Dijiang skyrocketed.

Today, Dijiang's combat power has reached 1 billion stars.

Jumang has reached 900 million stars.

Yu Xuanji has reached 730 million stars.

Fengxi has reached 700 million stars

Qiyue has reached 600 million stars.

What surprised Qin Feng even more was that Xiao Luan'er's combat power reached 1 billion stars, which was on par with Di Jiang.

That is the effect after Xiao Luan'er mastered the two great roads!

In this retreat, among the subordinates, Xiao Luan'er gained the most.

This little girl has awakened two avenues, the 'Burning Dao' and the 'Sun Da Dao'.

"Dad! My combat power has reached 1 billion stars!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er was also coquettish with excitement.

"Well, I see it!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little girl's head

Unconsciously, the little girl has grown a lot taller, she is thirteen or fourteen years old, and she is more and more beautiful, a peerless beauty embryo.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Hey! Look at the guys outside, it seems that there is no change in strength?"

At this time, Qi Yue's voice sounded again in the field.

Having said that, after this retreat, Qiyue has grown up a lot, her curves have become more slender, and she is full of youthful vigor.

When everyone heard her reminder, they all looked beyond the barrier...

I saw that on the square, most of the players had finished their retreat, and they were discussing excitedly.

Looking at the momentum variants on them, they did improve, but not much.

Even the strongest Qingdi, the momentum has not improved much!

On the contrary, the momentum of the people in Long Yuan, each of them is an earth-shaking advance!

At the moment, Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "Yue'er, isn't it hard to understand? Not everyone can master the time force field. These people can only rest for an hour in the square, and they can refine it in an hour. How many resources?"

"We are different! We can rest for 40 hours in the master's chaotic space. This is equal to the resources we can refine, 40 times that of them, and the improvement is naturally greater!"

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue was stunned.

Everyone also smiled and nodded, and there was a dark feeling in their hearts.

This rapid increase in strength is also an advantage, which will be of great help to their next trip by chance.

"By the way, Master, I have awakened the Dao. You can use 'belief sharing' to gain the Dao insight from me!"

At this time, Yu Xuanji reminded again with concern.

She is extremely concerned about her master and her own man.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "I was about to say this! Who will come first?"

"Dad! Daddy! Me first! Me first!"

Di Jiang volunteered to stand up.

This little guy is getting more and more lively.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Then start with you, close your eyes!"

"Hmm~!"

Di Jiang obediently closed his eyes.

Seeing this, Qin Feng stretched out a fair and slender finger

Om~!

In the next second, his fingertips lit up with dazzling golden spots and slid in the air

Where the fingertips passed, there were actually golden lines, exuding an astonishing breath.

In just a moment, Qin Feng drew a golden rune in the air, and then pressed to Di Jiang's eyebrows.

huh~!

I saw a flash of golden light, and the rune poured into the eyebrows and disappeared!

Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng and Di Jiang were shaking all over at the same time, and their souls resonated!

In the next second, the monstrous power of space Dao rhyme radiated from Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing the insights of the avenue with your subordinate Dijiang]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Yun of Space Avenue from Di Jiang, your combat power +150 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany on the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of space! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +250 million stars]

[Your 'chaotic space' has successfully integrated the space avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 250 million stars in the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed wildly!

After a long time, everything is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

After a while, he awakened the space avenue, and his combat power skyrocketed by 650 million stars.

Qin Feng looked at Di Jiang again, his momentum did not drop in the slightest, and he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Knew it!

Faith sharing can allow him to obtain the corresponding Dao insights from his subordinates, and it will not have any negative impact on his subordinates.

This vocation skill is so useful!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

"Dad, are you alright?"

At this time, Di Jiang opened his eyes.

The little guy was curious.

From start to finish, he didn't feel anything

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Well! Okay!"

"Dad! Dad! This time it's my turn!"

At this time, Jumang also volunteered.

"Hmm~!"

Qin Feng was in a good mood and began to share beliefs with Jumang

In this way, he shared with several people one by one.

After a while, sharing is complete!

After this sharing, he successively obtained four kinds of Dao of Space, Dao of Wood, Dao of Fen, and Dao of Nether.

As for the other avenues, he has already awakened, and there is no need to share them.

As a result, the number of avenues that Qin Feng has mastered has reached 36.

He checked the changes in combat power again, and suddenly reached 51.7 billion stars, and his strength has skyrocketed by a lot.

Having said that, his combat power has broken through 500 million stars.

Then he was promoted to senior preacher next, and he was short of 14,000 reputation points and 14 kinds of avenues.

"Dad, have you shared everything?"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

"Well, it's all shared!"

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, his eyes lit up again, and he seemed to sense something?

The next second, he waved his hand, and the lamp appeared out of thin air.

Turns out the lights are off!

When the lamp appeared, everyone looked at him one after another, and immediately found that there was a great change in his body.

The corpse aura that had been looming had disappeared without a trace, and the dry body had turned back into fresh flesh.

He has turned back into a living creature, but there is still some lingering in his temperament!

Looking at its realm aura, it has returned to the level of a quasi-god king!

And its combat power suddenly reached 12 billion stars, entering the early stage of God King.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was greatly relieved.

Ran Deng was a **** king who had mastered the Innate Dao before his death, and his strength recovered quickly.

Especially since he has reshaped his body, his recovery will only be faster in the future.

However, when he regains his strength before his death, he will become slower and fuller if he improves again.

In terms of cultivation potential, burning a lamp is not necessarily comparable to Shen Jiang and others.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with the change of Ran Deng this time.

"The lamp has seen the master!"

At this time, Ran Deng respectfully stepped forward to meet him, his eyes couldn't hide his excitement.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Yes! You recovered very well this time! By the way, how much did you recover from the Innate Yin-Yang Avenue?"

Ran Deng hurriedly said: "Go back to the master, the subordinates have recovered 90%!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Very good!"

When the Innate Yin-Yang Avenue of the burning lamp is restored to 100%, its strength will inevitably skyrocket.

At that time, Qin Feng can get another innate avenue from him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the recovery of the lamp.

"Okay! It seems that everyone's retreat is over, and it's time for us to go out."

Qin Feng waved his hand, and the fog barrier in front of him surged and then dissipated.

The figure of a group of people suddenly appeared on the square!

"Look! Lord Qin Feng is out!"

When Qin Feng appeared, everyone around him looked at him, and their eyes were full of awe.

Many people actually started to call him "adult"!

In this world where strength is respected, strength is more important than realm.

"Haha! Brother Zi, Qin Feng Xiaoer is finally willing to come out!"

On the other side, Emperor Jin and the two looked at Qin Feng with indifference.

In their opinion, Qin Feng won't be complacent for long.

When the next round of opportunities opens, they will join forces to deal with Qin Feng, including all of Qin Feng's subordinates.

They want this kid to get nothing in the second round of chances.

Only by preventing Qin Feng's rapid growth can they win a chance for their great sacrifice to the sky.

Sensing the bad eyes of Emperor Jin and the two, Qin Feng also glanced at them and ignored them.