Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

They have the same mind as Qin Feng, and they also want to buy the best treasures first, so that other players cannot take advantage.

At this moment, when the three of Qingdi saw the treasure on the last page, their eyes lit up with excitement on their faces.

The treasure on the last page is so precious!

The three were very excited to see it, and could not wait to exchange it immediately.

But the next second, the three of them looked sad.

·

Although those treasures are precious, they can't exchange them!

"Hey! This treasure requires so many points. I don't have enough points!"

At this moment, the altar next to Qin Feng heard the muttering of Emperor Qing.

There was a hint of anxiety in that tone.

Clearly, the Qing Emperor was eager to buy the treasure on the last page.

Too bad he doesn't have enough points!

As for Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin on the other side, they looked at each other with sad faces.

Lian Qingdi's points are not enough, the points of the two of them are not enough.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook, and the voice of heaven came again...

[Holy Land Reminder: Daojing Fragments redemption channel is open, which can be viewed in the redemption mall]

Huh~!

On!

The three of Qingdi are overjoyed!

Immediately, they were in the mall, looking for the exchange channel for Dao Crystal fragments...

The three of them have useless Taiqing Daojing in their hands, which can be exchanged for a lot of points...

At this moment, the three of them are racing against time, and they all want to collect their points earlier and exchange them for their favorite treasures.

Not only the three of them, but the other six powerhouses in the early stage of the God King also entered the Dao Crystal Fragment exchange channel for the first time to exchange for points...

Those god-king early powers also took a fancy to the last page of treasures...

An invisible time competition started like this...

Around the square, all the players were watching silently.

They are only qualified to drink soup, not qualified to eat meat.

Now, they can only watch ten big bosses grab the meat to eat...

At this time, Qin Feng has turned to the last page and started to browse those treasures...

When he saw it, his eyes lit up with ecstasy on his face!

There are only three treasures on the last page, all of which are related to the Innate Great Dao...

The three treasures are as follows...

[Avenue of Merit Scroll: Fortune Level]

[After comprehending this scroll, you can master the Way of Merit]

[Price]: 6 points (half price for the lord of destiny)

【Inventory】: 1 piece

Merit Avenue!

It ranks second among the innate avenues, second only to the cause and effect avenues!

This scroll is absolutely precious!

Of course, the scroll is far less precious than Daojing.

Comprehension scrolls require extremely high comprehension and take a long time.

As long as Daojing is refined, he can obtain Dao.

Even so, this scroll still needs 6 points, and the three of Qingdi can't redeem it at all.

Qin Feng can not only redeem it, but also only needs half price!

Look at the second treasure...

[Reincarnation Dao Crystal (Innate): Fortune Level]

[Contains 50% Dao Rhyme of Reincarnation Avenue]

[Price]: 15 points (half price for the Lord of Fate)

【Inventory】: 1

Seeing this, Qin Feng was greatly surprised!

He has a 50% Reincarnation Dao Crystal in his hand, and when combined with this one, he just gets the complete 1% Reincarnation Dao.

At that time, he can directly refine...Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

With excitement, Qin Feng looked at the third treasure...

[Karma Dao Crystal (Innate): Fortune Level]

[Contains 1% Dao Yun of Karma Avenue]

[Price]: 3 points (half price for the Lord of Destiny)

【Inventory】: 1

This actually contains a complete innate avenue!

He has to exchange it quickly, so as not to be exchanged away...

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly exchanged...

【Successful exchange! You redeemed a scroll of merit avenue, which cost 3 points]

【Successful exchange! You redeemed a Reincarnation Dao Crystal (Xiantian), which cost 750 points]

【Successful exchange! You redeemed a karma crystal (innate), which cost 15 points]

In just a moment, Qin Feng exchanged the three treasures... Xiao.

Chapter 853 The resource game! Joined forces!

"Dad! We're done!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er came to Qin Feng's side happily.

She redeemed the resources she needed and was in a good mood.

Look at Ran Deng, Di Jiang and others like this!

Qin Feng also smiled and nodded: "Let's go! Let's hurry up and refine this batch of resources. In more than two hours, the next opportunity will open!"

Everyone promises!

At the moment, Qin Feng led Long Yuan's people and left the fourth altar.

As soon as they left, there was a top **** player who could not wait to step forward to exchange

The same is true for the Purple Emperor and the Golden Emperor!

The exchange atmosphere in the venue was hot!

Soon, Qin Feng led Long Yuan to the corner of the square before.

After he condensed the fog barrier, he took everyone from Long Yuan into the chaotic space.

Afterwards, he also prepared to enter the chaotic space.

"Hey! These two people"

It was at this moment that Qin Feng seemed to sense something and looked back outside the enchantment.

In the corner of the crowd, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin were staring coldly at the fog barrier.

Beside them, there were ten subordinates of the quasi-god king.

The eyes of those subordinates looking at Lanwu enchantment were also extremely bad.

It was at this moment that the two of Jindi whispered softly.

"Brother Zi, Qin Feng's child has entered the enchantment again!"

Emperor Jin's tone was filled with deep resentment.

His Taiqing Daojing was cut off by Qin Feng!

This made him lose a great road, how could he not be resentful in his heart.

Emperor Zi also said coldly: "The little thief exchanged seven Taiqing Dao crystals at one time, which would cost 21 points. And the scroll of merit avenue, he should also exchange it!"

Emperor Jin nodded slightly: "In this way, the little thief spent 27 points. And the points in his 19 points should be around 37 points. Who is the opposite of Reincarnation Daojing and Karma Daojing? ?"

"This," Zi Di thought.

The price of turning Daojing is 15 points!

Karma Dojing is 3 points!

He didn't think Qin Feng could afford it.

Not only did he think so, Jin Di also thought so.

They didn't know that Qin Feng was the legendary master of destiny, and the exchange of those resources was half price.

Those two treasures have already fallen into Qin Feng's hands.

Immediately, Emperor Zi said coldly: "The Reincarnation Daojing and Karma Daojing are probably not in the hands of the little thief. However, the Scroll of Merit Dao is definitely in the hands of the little thief!"

Emperor Jin nodded: "That's right! The purpose of my waiting here is to stop that little thief from getting a chance. But how can I stop it? He has a lot of chances now!"

Emperor Zi sneered: "That's not necessarily! Don't look at him getting a lot, but some of them may not be his! Brother Jin, have you found a Daojing gambling card in the mall?"

Jin Di was stunned: "I saw it! The God Card has 1 point, and there are five in total! I originally wanted to exchange it, but it turned out to be a step behind. Could it be?"

Zi Di smiled mysteriously: "The old man exchanged one, and the remaining four are gone. It is estimated that they were exchanged by Cheng Huang and Di Xun!"

Emperor Jin's eyes lit up: "Are you going to attack that little thief?"

Zi Di smiled without saying a word.

Emperor Jin was even more delighted: "Haha! The old man guessed that it must be the handwriting of you and the two adults. With the 'Daojing vs. gambling card', I can make all the gains that the little thief will get. come out!"

Zidi smiled and said, "Yes! Five cards against the God of Gamblers should allow him to lose five Taiqing Daojing, which is a huge loss to him."

Emperor Jin smiled smugly: "This is not exactly what I want! By the way, Emperor Qing also suffered losses this time. Do I want to win him over and let him deal with Qin Feng with us. Give him some."

Emperor Zi's eyes lit up: "This is a great plan! Ninety percent of Emperor Qing will agree!"

Emperor Jin smiled and said, "Brother Zi, then go talk to Emperor Qing!"

"it is good!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Emperor Jin went to Emperor Qing

In the foggy barrier, Qin Feng saw this scene in his eyes, and also listened to the secret chat between the two of Jindi.

When Emperor Jin walked towards Emperor Qing, his brows frowned slightly.

Without looking at the results, he could guess that the Qing Emperor 90% would agree.

As a result, he had another powerful enemy, and the situation became more and more urgent.

Especially the 'Dao Jing vs. Gambler Card' mentioned by Emperor Zi made him quite stressed.

When he was browsing the treasures before, he also saw it, but did not choose to exchange it because his points were limited.