Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Unexpectedly, those five God Cards were all redeemed by those who peeked into the Divine Realm!

That is to be used exclusively to deal with him!

[Daojing vs. God of Gamblers Card: Select a betting target, take out two Taiqing Daojings as a price, and deal with the Taiqing Daojing already on the target]

[If the target has refined the Taiqing Dao Crystal, the Heavenly Dao will also be forcibly stripped from its body and re-condensed the Taiqing Dao Crystal]

[If the person who uses the God Card does not have two Taiqing Dao Crystals in his hand, he can also use his own enlightened Dao to gamble. If you lose, the Dao of Enlightenment will be forcibly stripped out by the Dao of Heaven and turned into the Dao of Taiqing]

[The innate avenue of enlightenment can be regarded as two kinds of acquired avenues, a kind of acquired avenues on the target of gambling. 】

This is the role of 'Dao Jing to the God of Gamblers' card!Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In other words, it is the way to help the strong to plunder the weak!

Of course, if the bet fails, the stronger loses more.

However, the rules of this kind of gambling are set by the strong!

The strong will naturally gamble with their best side!

That way the odds are higher!

Because of this, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin felt that Qin Feng was dead.

It's just that they far underestimated Qin Feng!

They thought that Qin Feng was in the illusory realm, so he must be weak.

In fact, Qin Feng is not weak, but a strong one!

His combat power has reached 51.7 billion stars, and he has stepped into the threshold of the peak of the **** king, stronger than Jindi, Zidi, and Qingdi.

The people who can threaten him are Cheng Huang and Di Xun!

"One fight for two! This is a good deal!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He thought about it, Emperor Zi has a card against the God of Gamblers in his hand.

If he could get two kinds of Taiqing Daojing from Emperor Zi, it would be a great deal.

However, he did not dare to be careless!

Hearing what Emperor Zi said, Chenghuang and Emperor Xun each had two divine cards in their hands!

Those two guys are real powerhouses!

If those two people won the four avenues, he would lose a lot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy!

It seems that he has to quickly go to the refining avenue to improve his strength.

Having said that, if he wins, he will get ten great avenues!

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer thought about it, and disappeared in the enchantment in a flash.

The next second, he returned to the chaotic space and appeared in a secret room.

When he appeared, white light flashed in front of him, and the seven mind bodies appeared out of thin air.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the seven Taiqing Daojings of doom, nightmare, psychedelic, stars, death, Baichuan and Wanxi flew to the seven mind bodies.

The seven mind bodies took over Daojing with joy, and they all retreated away.

Afterwards, Qin Feng summoned a mind body and asked it to take the scroll of the avenue of merit to comprehend it.

After doing this, he took out three more golden divine cards, directly broken the tip of the blood, and dripped them into the divine cards.

Om~! Om~!

In the next second, the three divine cards turned into three groups of golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Prestige Gold Card (Superior Divine Rank) used successfully! Congratulations on adding 10,000 reputation points! 】

[Prestige Gold Card (Superior God Rank) used successfully

[Title reminder: It has been detected that your reputation has reached 216,000 points, and your reputation for promotion to senior preacher has reached]

【The conditions you have not yet met are as follows….】

【Master 50 Avenues】

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Reputation reached!

The combat power has also reached!

He is only a few steps away from the senior preacher!

It turned out that the 'reputation gold card' was the resource he exchanged this time.

pity!

There are only three in total in the store!

In short, without the restriction of prestige, it was easier for him to be promoted to senior preacher.

Next, he is going to retreat with all his strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and two green Innate Dao Crystals appeared out of thin air.

In the next second, the two Dao crystals automatically merged into one, exuding an amazing aura of the Dao, filling the entire secret room

[Reincarnation Dao Crystal (Xiantian): Fortune Grade, contains 1% Dao Rhyme of Reincarnation Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the SS-level reincarnation law and the S-level life law before refining]

Seeing this, Qin Feng took a breath of excitement.

This is an innate avenue!

He'll have it right away!

As soon as his mind moved, an idea body appeared out of thin air.

Then, the mind body took the 'Reincarnation Dao Crystal' and left.

When the mind body left, Qin Feng took out a divine card and a pale red Dao crystal.

That is the SSS-level talent card (law of immortality), and the immortal Dao crystal!

This time, he will personally refine the 'Indestructible Dao Crystal' and obtain another Innate Dao!

In this way, Qin Feng began to retreat

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed by the outside world!

At this time, some time is going on in the square outside.

In the corner of the crowd, Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, and Emperor Qing were gathering together to plot something.

At this moment, Emperor Zi looked at Emperor Qing with a smile on his face.

"Qingdao friend, how are you thinking? If you are willing to join forces with me, then sign a cooperation contract. If the chance of Qin Feng's children is ruined, I will reward you as promised!"

"This..." Qingdi hesitated.

He resented Qin Feng for taking his chance, but he didn't think about taking revenge.

Now, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin asked him to join forces and promised to give him benefits, which made him a little moved.

After pondering for a moment, the Qing Emperor said: "You two, you just said that there are still people in the No. 1 security zone and No. 3 security zone. Is this true?"

Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin looked at each other.

Afterwards, Emperor Zi smiled and said, "I want to cooperate honestly with fellow Daoists, and naturally I won't hide it. To tell the truth to fellow Daoists, in this No. 2 area, there are me, Emperor Jin, and ten quasi-god kings."

"In Area 1, we also have one God King Peak, and three God King Early Powers. In No. 3 Area, we also have one God King Peak and three God King Early Powers."

After hearing these words, Emperor Qing was slightly moved!

Then, he took a deep breath and said, "Your forces are so strong, I'm afraid you won't be able to use Qing?"

Zidi smiled and said, "What I need is absolute victory! Fellow Daoist, if I have such strength, are you afraid that you will lose after joining?"

Emperor Qing nodded slightly: "It makes sense! Okay! Qing is willing to join you!"

As soon as these words fell, Emperor Zi and the others were overjoyed.

They finally got a reinforcement!

Chapter 854 Three kinds of innate! Chaos Advanced!

"Dad! We're done!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er came to Qin Feng's side happily.

She redeemed the resources she needed and was in a good mood.

Look at Ran Deng, Di Jiang and others like this!

Qin Feng also smiled and nodded: "Let's go! Let's hurry up and refine this batch of resources. In more than two hours, the next opportunity will open!"

Everyone promises!

At the moment, Qin Feng led Long Yuan's people and left the fourth altar.

As soon as they left, there was a top **** player who could not wait to step forward to exchange

The same is true for the Purple Emperor and the Golden Emperor!

The exchange atmosphere in the venue was hot!

Soon, Qin Feng led Long Yuan to the corner of the square before.

After he condensed the fog barrier, he took everyone from Long Yuan into the chaotic space.

Afterwards, he also prepared to enter the chaotic space.

"Hey! These two people"

It was at this moment that Qin Feng seemed to sense something and looked back outside the enchantment.

In the corner of the crowd, Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin were staring coldly at the fog barrier.

Beside them, there were ten subordinates of the quasi-god king.

The eyes of those subordinates looking at Lanwu enchantment were also extremely bad.

It was at this moment that the two of Jindi whispered softly.

"Brother Zi, Qin Feng's child has entered the enchantment again!"

Emperor Jin's tone was filled with deep resentment.

His Taiqing Daojing was cut off by Qin Feng!

This made him lose a great road, how could he not be resentful in his heart.

Emperor Zi also said coldly: "The little thief exchanged seven Taiqing Dao crystals at one time, which would cost 21 points. And the scroll of merit avenue, he should also exchange it!"

Emperor Jin nodded slightly: "In this way, the little thief spent 27 points. And the points in his 19 points should be around 37 points. Who is the opposite of Reincarnation Daojing and Karma Daojing? ?"

"This," Zi Di thought.

The price of turning Daojing is 15 points!

Karma Dojing is 3 points!

He didn't think Qin Feng could afford it.

Not only did he think so, Jin Di also thought so.

They didn't know that Qin Feng was the legendary master of destiny, and the exchange of those resources was half price.

Those two treasures have already fallen into Qin Feng's hands.

Immediately, Emperor Zi said coldly: "The Reincarnation Daojing and Karma Daojing are probably not in the hands of the little thief. However, the Scroll of Merit Dao is definitely in the hands of the little thief!"

Emperor Jin nodded: "That's right! The purpose of my waiting here is to stop that little thief from getting a chance. But how can I stop it? He has a lot of chances now!"