Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qing Emperor was shocked: "You two, isn't it forbidden to send messages to each other in these three security zones? Why can Daoist Emperor Xun contact you?"

Hearing this, Emperor Zi smiled proudly: "My Lord Emperor Xun has mastered an innate avenue, and the means are unbelievable. He has the means to break through the restrictions of the heaven and contact me."

The Qing Emperor exclaimed: "My God! Innate Dao! Lord Di Xun's methods are truly extraordinary!"

At this moment, Qing Emperor's address to Emperor Xun has changed from 'daoist friend' to 'adult', with respect in his tone!

In this world where strength is respected, the strong will always be respected!

At this time, Emperor Qing said again: "Two! So, Lord Di Xun already knows the existence of Qin Feng?"

Emperor Zi smiled and said, "It's natural!"

Qingdi sighed: "Daoist friend, it seems that without my participation, it would be easy for you to take down Qin Feng!"

Zi Di said with a sneer: "Haha! Don't lie to fellow Daoists, I will not only win Qin Feng's children's five avenues this time, but also let that child gain nothing in the next round of opportunities!"

Emperor Jin also said coldly: "Not only Qin Feng, but also his subordinates can't imagine anything!"

The tone of the two is full of confidence!

Qing Di was shocked to hear that!

He was also a little fortunate in his heart that he did not stand on the opposite side of Zidi and his group.

Otherwise, his life will not be easy!

"By the way, Brother Zi, do you think that Qin Feng's strength will increase after retreating this time?"

Jin Di asked curiously again.

Zidi pondered for a while and said, "After just three hours of rest, he didn't have time to refine all the Dao Crystals, only one or two at the most. If you want to see this old man, his combat power is still no more than 300 million stars!"

Emperor Jin breathed a sigh of relief: "It's the same as what this old man thinks! Forget it, I'll hurry up and refine some resources first!"

"Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, Emperor Zi and others also began to retreat...

Everyone wants to improve their strength and prepare for the last round of opportunities!

It will be a fierce battle of chance!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, another hour passed!

Only an hour and a half left until the next opportunity.

In the square, there are only thousands of players who have not completed the exchange, and are still lining up there!

The rest of the players who have completed the exchange are all rushing to refine resources and scrambling to improve their strength!

Everyone realizes that the next competition will be more intense!

The outside world has passed an hour and a half!

About 60 hours have passed in the chaotic space!

In the sixty hours, the gains of Long Yuan's people were enormous.

At this moment, in the chaotic space, in a secret room.

Qin Fengzheng closed his eyes slightly and sat cross-legged.

He is refining the 'Indestructible Dao Crystal' with all his strength!

Suddenly, there was a sudden change in the field!

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking innate power of the Great Dao erupted from him, instantly filling the entire secret room...

[Reminder: You have refined the Indestructible Dao Crystal, comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Indestructible Dao, and your combat power +270 million stars...]

[Congratulations on your epiphany realization of the Innate Dao - the Indestructible Dao! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +350 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully merged with the Dao of Inextinguishability, and has been greatly strengthened. You will permanently receive 350 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: Your Mind Body refines the Reincarnation Dao Crystal, you understand the 1% Dao Rhyme of Reincarnation Avenue, and your combat power +280 million stars...]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Innate Avenue - Reincarnation Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +360 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully merged with the Avenue of Reincarnation, and has been greatly strengthened. You will permanently receive 360 ​​million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind...

[Reminder: Your Mind Body successfully comprehends the Dao of Fortune Scroll, you understand the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Dao of Fortune, and your combat power +300 million stars...]

[Congratulations for your epiphany realization of the Innate Dao - the Dao of Creation! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +400 million stars...]

[Your 'chaos space' has successfully integrated the avenue of good fortune and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 400 million stars of the power of heaven and earth...]

The avenue of creation has also awakened!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

He actually awakened three innate avenues in a row!

What a good thing!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed wildly!

After a long time, the increasing momentum gradually calmed down!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[It is detected that your 'chaos space' already possesses the powers of karma, blood, soul, heart, immortality, reincarnation, destiny, and good fortune, which meet the promotion criteria...]

[Your 'chaos space' is being promoted from intermediate to advanced...]

【Successful promotion! Your chaotic space has been promoted to an advanced level, and you will permanently receive 3 billion stars in the power of heaven and earth! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the chaotic space is like a cosmic explosion, expanding wildly around, making an earth-shattering roar!

The entire secret room was shaking violently!

After a long time, all the movement disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, full of ecstasy!

Chaos space has been upgraded to an advanced level!

I don't know how much has changed?

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's consciousness spread out and swept the entire chaotic space in an instant!

After this investigation, a happy expression appeared on his face again.

It turned out that after the 'Chaos Space' was promoted to high-level, it was tens of billions of miles in size, and it became so vast that it could hold a planet as large as the 'Blue Star Realm'.

"I didn't expect this space to become so big after being promoted to senior level"! "

Qin Feng was very pleased!

He suddenly thought that if the chaotic space was promoted to the ultimate, and it would become more than ten times larger, then the Blue Star Realm could be packed in!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

That's not impossible!

Having said that, the innate avenues he masters now are: blood, soul, heart, body (indestructible), reincarnation, destiny, and creation.

And the Chaos Space has an additional avenue of cause and effect, that is, the power of the eight innate avenues!

That is to say, as long as he masters another kind of Innate Dao power, he can promote the Chaos Space to the ultimate.

At present, he still has karma, merit, chaos, six realms, creation, and one in enlightenment.

Among them, the power of the causal avenue, the chaotic space has been possessed, and the chaotic space cannot be promoted after comprehension.

The rest of the innate avenues of merit, chaos, six realms, creation, and one, I don't know when they will be able to comprehend.

At present, the fastest progress belongs to the Six Realms Avenue, but the Dao Yun perception has only reached about 50%, and it will take some time before the awakening.

"." That's right! I still have this!"

Qin Feng flipped his palm, and there was a red Dao crystal in his palm, exuding an amazing Dao breath...

[Kamma Dao Crystal (Innate): Fortune level, contains 1% Dao Yun of Karma Avenue]

[Reminder: You need to master the SSS-level karma law before refining it]

Seeing this Dao crystal, Qin Feng took a deep breath, and his eyes showed joy.

As long as he refines this Dao Crystal, he will immediately be able to master a kind of Innate Dao.

such a pity!

He hasn't mastered the SSS-level karma law, so he can't refine it!

correct!

He didn't master the law of karma, but Demon Venerable Styx did!

As long as he regains the Demon Venerable Styx, let Styx recognize him as the master.

That would allow Styx to refine the 'Kamma Dao Crystal', and when Styx mastered the karma avenue, he could obtain the karma avenue from him through 'belief sharing'!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he felt that it was very feasible.

At the moment, he wanted to summon the 'Gate of Reincarnation' and release the Demon Venerable Styx.

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and looked up in a certain direction.

It turned out that at this moment, he sensed that Qingchengzi had finally left the customs.

Qingchengzi has finally awakened to the avenue of life!

Qin Feng waved his hand quickly, white light flashed in front of him, three figures appeared out of thin air, it was Qingchengzi, Fengxi, and Jumang.

"City Lord!"

"Master (Dad)!"

As soon as the three of them saw Qin Feng, they came forward to greet him with joy.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Then, his eyes fell on Jumang and Feng Xi.

"Not bad! Not bad! These Jiuyang Divine Dew, you two should accept it!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and the two white porcelain jade bottles flew towards Jumang and Fengxi respectively.

There are 1,000 drops of Nine Sun God Dew in there!

It turned out that among the many subordinates, only Feng Xi and Jumang obtained the S-level Extreme Yang Law in this resource exchange.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

In this way, they have the hope of obtaining the avenue of the sun and mastering their second avenue.

As for Di Jiang, Qi Yue, and others, their physiques do not match.

"Thank you dad!"

"Thank you master!"

At the moment, Jumang and Fengxi happily took the jade bottle.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Go to refining! There is not much time left for the outside world!"

"Yes, Master!"