Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, Feng Xi and Jumang left the punishment happily.

Only Qin Feng and Qingchengzi were left in the field.

"City Lord, the subordinates have awakened to the avenue of life!"

At this moment, Qingchengzi couldn't hide his excitement.

On this awakening avenue, his combat power has also skyrocketed to 600 million stars, and he has entered the middle stage of the main god.

Qin Feng smiled: "Then let me show my faith sharing!"

"Yes!"

Qingchengzi quickly made preparations and waited for Qin Feng to perform the secret technique.

At this moment, Qin Feng was also in a good mood.

He's got another way

Chapter 856: Styx Returns! Get the road again!

At the moment, Qin Feng stretched out his finger, and the fingertip lit up with dazzling golden light spots, sliding in the air

In just a moment, a golden rune was drawn out, and then turned into a golden light, pouring into Qingchengzi's eyebrows

Boom~!

In the next second, there was a soul resonance between Qin Feng and Qingchengzi!

A monstrous power of Dao rhyme radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing the insights of the great road with your subordinate Qingchengzi,,,]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Rhyme of the Avenue of Life from Qingchengzi, your combat power +100 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany on the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of life! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +200 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully merged with the Way of Life and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 200 million stars in the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed wildly!

For a long time, everything calmed down!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

Awakened successfully!

He got another avenue!

Then again, during this time.

In addition to awakening the three innate avenues of good fortune, reincarnation, and immortality, the seven acquired avenues of bad luck, nightmares, hallucinations, stars, death, Baichuan, and Wanxi have also awakened one after another.

Today, the number of avenues he masters has reached 47, and he will be promoted to senior evangelist with just three!

And his combat power has unknowingly increased to 61.1 billion stars!

Such combat power is comparable to Cheng Huang!

Compared with the Emperor Xun, whose combat power has reached 700 million stars, it is still a step behind!

However, Qin Feng has many methods, even if he is not afraid of God!

pity!

Di Xun and others will not give him a one-on-one chance!

They are numerous and powerful, and the situation of 313 Qin Feng is still not optimistic!

However, with this increase in strength, his confidence has also increased!

"City Lord, has the secret technique succeeded?"

At this time, Qingchengzi slowly opened his eyes and asked respectfully.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "Success!"

Qingchengzi rejoiced: "That's good! City Lord, there is a treasure I want to dedicate to you!"

"treasure?"

Qin Feng was taken aback.

Immediately, he asked curiously, "What is it?"

"City Lord, this is the thing!"

Qingchengzi held a plant seed in both hands.

The seed is brownish-yellow in color, seven inches in length, and its shape is actually human-shaped, with turquoise roots growing at the end, and the whole body exudes a faint aura.

Qin Feng was curious, and the eye of the Tao peeped towards him

[Ginseng fruit tree (tree species): the level of good fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, no master! 】

[After this thing is cultivated and mature, it can contain the power of the three avenues of life, the avenue of longevity, and the avenue of life]

[Reminder: You need to judge the blood of the gods and master one of the avenues of life, longevity, and life before you can make them recognize the master]

Huh~!

This is actually the seed of a heaven and earth spirit root!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised!

Up to now, he already knows that the spiritual roots of heaven and earth are of great help to the strengthening of chaotic space!

However, this thing should help Qingchengzi even more!

If Qingchengzi can make this thing recognize its owner, he will have the opportunity to master the avenues of life and longevity in the future, which is equivalent to him being able to master the three avenues!

Stand together! Three lives!

Qingchengzi has mastered the three avenues, and there is hope to be promoted to half-step eternity!

For Qin Feng, the role of this ginseng fruit tree is much smaller.

He has mastered the three great ways of life, immortality, and birth, and the ginseng fruit tree is not helpful to his enlightenment.

At the moment, Qin Feng asked curiously: "Master Qing Guan, where did this thing come from?"

Qingchengzi smiled proudly: "City lord, when subordinates exchanged resources this time, they exchanged two treasure chests. I didn't expect that the same treasure was actually opened!"

Qin Feng was stunned!

When he was exchanging resources, he also saw a treasure chest for sale.

There are two types of treasure chests!

One is the Holy Land Treasure Chest. The treasures that are opened are random, and it is possible to have a low-level **** level to a fortune level.

One is the Chaos Treasure Chest (incomplete state).

Players can only choose to exchange one of the treasure chests, and the number cannot exceed 2.

Qin Feng already has 8 chaotic treasure chests (incomplete state) in his hand, and there are only 2 left to synthesize a complete chaotic treasure chest.

Therefore, he chose to exchange 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete).

Qingchengzi chose the treasure chest of the Holy Land, and also opened the seeds of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth.

This should be the best treasure that the treasure chest can open!

From this, it can be seen that Qingchengzi also has a bad luck!

At the moment, Qin Feng said with a smile: "You are lucky! The seeds of this heaven and earth spirit root seem to be related to the Judgment God's Domain. Only those who have the blood of the Judgment God's Domain can make them recognize the master!"

"You and I are of the same race and origin, and both have the bloodline of judgment. You also have mastered the way of life, and you can make this spiritual root recognize you as the master. You should keep it for yourself!"

Qingchengzi was surprised: "City Lord! This item is a treasure dedicated to you by the subordinates, how can you take it back!"

Qin Feng smiled: "This thing is far less useful to me than you. I have mastered the avenues it contains! On the contrary, if you want to be promoted to half-step eternity, you must rely on it!"

"This"

Qingchengzi hesitated.

He knew that what Qin Feng said was true!

Among Qin Feng's many henchmen, his talent is the worst.

Without the help of this ginseng fruit tree, I am afraid that it will be difficult for him to advance to half-step eternity in the future.

Thinking of this, he said: "If the city lord doesn't accept it, then the subordinates will keep it by themselves. Just with the ability of the subordinates, it may not be able to cultivate success, so the subordinates have something to ask for!"

"What's the matter?"

"My subordinate wants to plant this 'ginseng fruit tree' in the chaotic space, is it possible?"

Qingchengzi respectfully asked.

He has taken a fancy to the rich aura of the chaotic space.

The chaotic space here is the source of the universe, and it is definitely a blessed land. It is the most suitable for cultivating the spiritual roots of heaven and earth.

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

His proposal for Qingchengzi was beyond expectation.

Let the ginseng fruit tree grow in the chaotic space, and the power of its own avenue will strengthen the chaotic space and bring him benefits.

In addition, Qin Feng also has the power to control the spiritual roots of heaven and earth planted in the chaotic space, which is equivalent to another master.

Immediately, he smiled and said: "Of course! By the way, this bottle contains 10,000 drops of jade liquid, you can use it to cultivate ginseng fruit trees!"

Jade liquid is a mid-grade god-level spiritual liquid, which can be used to cultivate various spiritual things.

It is produced in the innate blessed land - Jade Liquid Lingchi!

The Jade Liquid Spirit Pond is a blessed land that Qin Feng obtained in the special secret territory of the lower grades, which can continuously condense the jade liquid.

"Thank you City Lord!"

Qingchengzi took the jade bottle excitedly.

With those 10,000 drops of jade liquid, he should soon be able to make the seeds of the ginseng fruit tree germinate

"Go! You choose a suitable place to plant by yourself!"

"Yes!"

Qingchengzi bowed respectfully and hurriedly retreated.

Looking at Qingchengzi's leaving back, Qin Feng's eyes were also full of expectations.

He naturally expects that there will be one more spiritual root in the chaotic space!

At the same time, he also hopes that Qingchengzi can make great progress in this regard, which will help him even more.

After Qingchengzi was far away, Qin Feng took his eyes back.

Next, he is going to recover the Styx Demon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng pinched the seal with both hands

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

A huge reincarnation light gate emerged, exuding a sacred and solemn aura!

Look at the gate of light, there is a mysterious long bridge!

Under the long bridge, the river is surging!

There are countless corpses floating on Hanoi.

Look at both sides of the river, there are countless strange flowers growing, the flowers do not see the leaves, the leaves do not see the flowers!

The whole picture is gloomy!

The door of reincarnation opened, but he didn't see Styx Demon!

Obviously, Styx is hidden in the depths of the land of reincarnation!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com