Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With this in mind, Qin Feng stepped over the door of light and entered the land of reincarnation.

Once he entered, he found that he had entered a new world, which was very different from the outside world.

Qin Feng looked around, the world was gloomy, and the atmosphere around him was gloomy and cold.

Then, he looked at his feet again, and saw a mysterious long bridge.

Under the bridge is the water of Taotao Yellow Spring, with countless corpses floating, exuding a strong corpse odor.

"This place of reincarnation is very similar to the underworld in my Longbi mythology! The bridge below should be the Naihe Bridge!"

Qin Feng looked down at the long bridge below, muttering in his heart.

He looks more and more like him!

The only difference is that the Naihe Bridge in Longbi mythology is guarded by "Meng Po", but this bridge is empty and unguarded.

Qin Feng suddenly thought that the underworld, also known as the underworld, is one of the three worlds he will create in the future, and it can also be regarded as the primary means of the master of the universe.

The vocation skills of the Judgment Lord are actually related to these methods, which made him have to think that the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord is probably related to a certain universe Lord.

I don't want so much anymore!

It's time for him to find Styx Demon!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and flew to the depths of the land of reincarnation

Flying all the way, the gloomy wind is howling, and the cold wind is blowing!

He saw a lot of broken soul light groups!

Through detection, he found that those soul fragments came from all corners of the outer universe

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to see a huge sea of ​​blood, boundless and larger than the Blue Star Realm.

Obviously, that is the sea of ​​​​nether blood!

Where there is a sea of ​​nether blood, there will be Demon Venerable Styx!

Qin Feng's figure flashed and he rushed towards the sea of ​​blood!

In just a few seconds, he was above the sea of ​​​​blood!

At this time, a gust of wind blew, and the wind was blowing, and the blood was monstrous!

The entire sea of ​​blood is shrouded in endless killing intent, making people palpitate!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and didn't care.

In the next second, he will disperse his consciousness and look for the Styx Demon Venerable

Boom~!

But at this moment, the sea exploded!

A huge ghost came out of the sea, bringing a rain of blood all over the sky, and exuding murderous aura!

Qin Feng took a closer look!

The person here is the Demon Venerable Styx!

"Little thief! It's you! The deity hasn't even looked for you, but you actually delivered it to your door! Haha!"

When he saw Qin Feng, Demon Venerable Minghe was full of surprises, his face flushed with excitement!

He finally has a chance to take revenge!

Boom~!

In the next second, Demon Venerable Styx burst out with an earth-shattering aura, suddenly reaching 6 billion stars, extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised!

This strength is several times stronger than before!

He quickly snooped away...

In the next second, Qin Feng's eyes revealed a surprise!

It turned out that Demon Venerable Styx had been promoted to the quasi-god king, and had awakened the top 100 Acquired Avenue - Shura Avenue!

In other words, if he can make Demon Venerable Styx recognize his master, he can use 'belief sharing' to obtain this avenue!

Thinking of this, the joy in Qin Feng's eyes became even stronger, and his intention to recover Ming He became more determined.

Chapter eight hundred and fifty-seven seven-transformation **** armor! The zone is open!

At this moment, Demon Venerable Minghe looked at Qin Feng extremely arrogantly.

"Haha! Little thief! You didn't expect it? You locked the deity in this place of reincarnation, but let the deity get a blessing in disguise and break through to the quasi-god king realm! This deity sees how you can survive this time?!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ming He burst out with monstrous killing intent!

There are three kinds of Dao rhymes in that killing intent, namely Shura, killing, and karma!

Shura Avenue!

Styx has awakened!

Killing Road! Karma Avenue!

Styx is still comprehending!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The potential of this Styx is stronger than he expected, and it will definitely become a half-step~eternity in the future!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

It was at this moment that Demon Venerable Styx suddenly shot -!

Boom~!

He threw a punch!

At that moment, the blood was surging, and the killing intent was rolling!

The 6 billion-star combat power is madly crushing Qin Feng!

There was also a proud smile on Ming He's face!

In his opinion, this punch can definitely kill Qin Feng into scum!

Up to now, he still thinks that Qin Feng's strength, as before, is at the peak level of the Lord God!

With the strength of the Lord God's peak, how can he stop his punch? !

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that punch was approaching, and it was about to hit Qin Feng...

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

I saw him flick his fingers at will!

huh~!

A golden light shot out from his fingertips and met the punch!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

That golden light instantly pierced through the magic fist, and even the Styx Demon Venerable was smashed to pieces, turned into a blood fog that covered the sky, and quickly dissipated!

With just a flick of his finger, Qin Feng instantly killed the Styx Demon!

Bang~!

The next second, the sea of ​​blood exploded!

The Demon Venerable Styx broke out of the sea again!

He was resurrected!

The sea of ​​blood does not dry up, and the Styx does not die!

As long as the sea of ​​blood does not dry up, he will never die!

At this moment, Demon Venerable Minghe looked at Qin Feng in horror.

He never thought that it didn't take long for the human beings in front of him to become so terrifying!

You must know that he has clearly broken through to the quasi-god king, and his strength has greatly improved.

But the strength gap between the two sides has become even bigger!

"Why did you become so strong?"

Ming He looked at Qin Feng with awe!

At this moment, he no longer had the arrogance he had before, and there was only fear and unwillingness in his heart.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "You don't need to know! Have you figured out the last proposal?"

"The last proposal?! Let me submit to you and accept you as the master?"

Ming He remembered what Qin Feng had said after resurrecting him.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's right!"

Ming He was angry: "Impossible! Boy, even if you are stronger than the deity! But above this sea of ​​blood, the deity cannot be killed. No matter how strong you are, it can't help the deity!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the sea of ​​blood surged!

One after another, blood shadows burst out of the sea!

Those blood shadows are all human-shaped, and their appearance is somewhat similar to Styx, and there are hundreds of millions.

That is the 480 million Blood God Child clone of Styx!

As soon as the Son of Blood appeared, Styx's confidence greatly increased!

"Haha! Boy! The number of the deity blood gods has returned to 480 million! I have joined forces with so many blood gods, even if the **** king mid-term master has to retreat, what can you do to me?"

"If you want to know a little bit, then get out! This deity sees that you have resurrected me once, and I don't care about the previous grudges with you! The previous grievances between you and me will be written off!"

By now, Styx's tone has softened!

He actually planned to reconcile with Qin Feng!

Having said that, this place of reincarnation is full of broken soul bodies, which can be used to transform into a blood **** son, which is indeed suitable for Styx to be stationed.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled coldly: "If you don't surrender, what's the use of keeping you?"

As soon as he finished speaking, he stepped forward to the Styx.

"court death!"

Ming He was frightened and hurriedly thought about it.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The 480 million Blood God Sons came to Qin Feng immediately!

Styx is also about to make a move together!

But at this moment, Qin Feng waved it casually!

Om~!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

A burst of chirping!

Space Avenue is activated!

Millions of miles of space! Instant ban!

In just an instant, Styx and 480 million blood gods were imprisoned in place, unable to move!

With such a method, Ming He's eyes widened in horror!

Boom~!