Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng's aura suddenly burst out!

The 61.1 billion star combat power and momentum instantly shrouded the entire sea of ​​​​netherworld blood, and also shrouded the Styx and the sons of blood!

This time, Ming He also noticed it, and his face was instantly pale!

Oh my God!

61.1 billion combat power!

This is the strength of the god-king peak level!

With such strength, killing him is easy!

Until this moment, Ming He didn't know Qin Feng's horror!

It's just that he can't understand, how long has it been?

The young man in front of him has become so strong!

The speed of this progress is too terrifying!

Completely beyond his comprehension!

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng pointed it out, pointing directly at Ming He's eyebrows.

As long as his thoughts move, he can penetrate the sea of ​​consciousness of the Styx River and make it disappear completely!

"This deity will give you another chance! Either surrender! Or die!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked down at Ming He expressionlessly.

Ming He looked at the fingertip in horror, and there was a struggle in his eyes.

Having said that, the potential of this young man in front of him is unimaginable.

It is clearly in the virtual **** realm, but its strength is comparable to the peak of the **** king!

Fully qualified to be his master!

It's just that he's used to being arrogant in his heart!

Let him bow his head like this, he can't let go!

But life is more important than face!

Ming He struggled in his heart for a while, before he sighed helplessly: "That's it! Ming He is willing to surrender!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng finally showed a smile.

"You should have done this long ago!"

As soon as the voice fell, he released the spatial confinement.

Styx and the billions of blood gods immediately regained their freedom of movement.

Afterwards, Styx's thoughts moved, and all the blood gods fell back to the sea of ​​​​blood.

In the face of such a powerful Qin Feng, he dared not go back on his word.

After the blood gods disappeared, Ming He came to Qin Feng tremblingly and bowed respectfully!

"Subordinate Styx! I have seen the master!"

There was fear in that tone, and a hint of embarrassment.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "If you recognize me as the master, you need to sign a soul contract!"

Styx promised: "Please, master, sign a contract with me!"

"it is good!"

Qin Feng stopped talking nonsense, directly broke the blood and drew a blood talisman in the air, which was printed on the eyebrows of Styx...

Om~!

In the next second, a faint light flashed on the two of them!

The souls of both sides resonate!

Contract signed successfully!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

When Ming He opened his eyes again, his expression had changed.

The eyes that looked at Qin Feng were full of respect, which came from the depths of the soul.

"Styx has seen the master!"

Styx meet again!

This time, there was sincerity and awe in his tone, and a touch of intimacy.

This is the power of the soul contract!

Once you recognize the Lord, stay loyal!

However, both parties need to agree to sign that kind of master-slave contract.

Can't be forced!

·

Styx was also completely conquered before he was willing to sign.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally got another powerful subordinate.

With the potential of Styx, the future will definitely become a half-step eternal existence.

"Okay! This deity wants to cast a secret technique on you to gain your understanding of the Asura Avenue!"

Qin Feng said his intentions.

"Master, please do it!"

Styx did not hesitate at all, and hurriedly agreed.

Loyalty to the master and going through fire and water for the master is one of the tenets of the servant!

"it is good!"

Qin Feng nodded with satisfaction.

At the moment, he didn't say more, just stretched out his fingers and drew runes in the air...

After a while, a golden rune was drawn and printed on the eyebrows of Demon Venerable Styx...

Boom~!

Faith is shared!

Cast it out!

Between Qin Feng and Ming He, the soul resonates again!

In the next second, a monstrous power of Taoism radiated from Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness...

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing the insights of the avenue with your subordinate Styx Demon Venerable]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Rhyme of Shura Avenue from Styx Demon, your combat power +140 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the Shura avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +230 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has been successfully integrated with the Shura Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 230 million stars in the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

After a long time, everything calmed down!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

He got another avenue, which is still the top 100 Houtian Avenue!

So far, the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 48, and he can be promoted to senior preacher with only 2 more.

At the same time, he skyrocketed his combat power by 600 million stars, and his basic combat power rose to 61.7 billion stars!

This is another huge improvement!

"Master, are you alright?"

At this time, Demon Venerable Styx also opened his eyes.

For this shared secret technique, he did not feel any discomfort, nor did he suffer any loss.

"Okay! Styx, this is for you!"

Qin Feng waved his hand again, and a pale red Daojing flew over.

Ming He subconsciously took it and looked at it, and his whole body was shocked, and the whole person was dumbfounded!

That Dao Crystal is exactly the Karma Dao Crystal!

"Master, this is..."

Ming He looked at the Dao Crystal with trembling hands.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "For you!"

"give me?"

The Styx trembled again!

Immediately, he reacted and hurriedly refused.

"Master, my subordinates can't afford such a precious thing! This is the innate way! Please take it back!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "You stay! When you refine this Dao Crystal, the deity will be able to copy the karma avenue from you. It just kills two birds with one stone!"

Styx suddenly said: "So it is! Then the subordinates will go to refining, so that the master can obtain the karma avenue as soon as possible!"

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "That's how it should be!"

At that moment, Ming He happily put away Dao Jing.

At this moment, his respect for Qin Feng rose to the extreme.

If he said that before, he was forced to be in awe before he recognized Qin Feng as the master.

At that moment, he was determined to follow Qin Feng.

Sure enough, if you choose the right host, you will be able to walk smoothly in the future!

At this moment, Styx was overjoyed in his heart.

If there is no master, he still does not know what year and month he will be able to awaken the karma avenue.

The appearance of the master at least saved him a thousand years of work.

Seeing Ming He put away Dao Jing, Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

The trivia here is finally done!

He should also go back and wait for the new opportunity to open... Xiao.

Chapter 858 The gods join forces! Opportunity opens!

But he said that after dealing with Ming He, Qin Feng planned to leave.

Immediately, he said: "Minghe, you are retreating here, the deity will return first!"

Ming He hurriedly said: "Master, this subordinate wants to follow you around and go back with you!"

"This"

Qin Feng looked down at the nether sea of ​​blood below.

This nether blood sea is endless, and its area is equivalent to the Blue Star Realm.

If he brings Styx back, he will bring the sea of ​​blood to the chaotic space.

It's just that the area of ​​the Netherworld Blood Sea is too large, and it is very inconvenient to occupy more than 90% of the chaotic space.

But if you leave the sea of ​​blood and only let Styx return to the chaotic space, it will be equivalent to letting Styx abandon his foundation.

After all, this land of reincarnation is a land without owners. If there is no Styx to guard the sea of ​​​​blood, it might fall into the hands of others, then it will be a big loss.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "If you go back with me, there will be no place for this sea of ​​blood. You can still refine the karma crystal here with peace of mind! When you awaken the karma avenue, I will have a way to place you. !"