Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"My subordinates understand!"

Styx hurriedly agreed.

Qin Feng's method is very simple!

When Styx awakens the Dao of Karma, he will be able to share the Dao of Karma!

At that time, the chaotic space will have the power of the nine innate avenues, and it will automatically be promoted to the ultimate level.

In this way, the chaotic space can be increased dozens of times, and there is a place to put it in the sea of ​​​​blood.

After this arrangement, Qin Feng dodged and disappeared over the sea of ​​​​blood...

Seeing this, Styx also hurriedly returned to the bottom of the sea of ​​blood.

He has to seize the time to refine the Karma Dao Crystal, so that the master can obtain the Karma Dao.

At that time, he will be able to follow the master...

A quarter of an hour later, in the chaotic space, in a secret cultivation room.

At this moment, a huge golden door of light is lit in the secret room.

That is the gate of reincarnation!

At this moment, a stalwart figure stepped out of the door of light and stepped into the secret room!

That is Qin Feng's return!

As soon as he appeared, he waved his hand to close the door of reincarnation.

"In another hour, the outside world will merge the three districts!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

As soon as he thought of the merger of the three districts, he thought of the group of Peeping Heaven God Domain.

In the next round of opportunities, war is inevitable!

It seems that he has to do more preparations...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng made a random move, and the white light flashed in front of him, and several gods appeared out of thin air.

The **** armor in the middle, blue and blue, has an extraordinary aura, and is obviously larger than the other **** armors.

That is Qin Feng's wind and thunder armor!

Looking at both sides of the wind and thunder **** armor, there are five **** armors such as moon white, silver, green, black, and white!

Yuebai is the armor of the sky and the sky, and it is necessary to master the avenue of space before he can recognize the master by dripping blood.

The silver one is the Frost Heaven God Armor, and it is necessary to master the Frost Road before being able to recognize the Lord by a drop of blood.

The green one is the God Armor of the Wood Heaven. You need to master the avenue of wood before you can recognize the master by dripping blood.

The black one is the Underworld God Armor, you need to master the Dao of Underworld before you can recognize the Lord by dripping blood.

The white one is the Destiny God Armor, you need to master the way of life before you can recognize the master by dripping blood.

He has mastered all these five avenues!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke his fingers and blood clotted, and the blood was ejected again and again...

Clap~! Clap~! Clap~!

Five drops of blood essence flew out from the fingertips and landed on the five gods of the sky, Hantian, Mutian, Mingtian, and Mingtian.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In the next second, the five divine armors recognized their masters successfully, and took the initiative to gather at Fenglei Tianjia!

In just a moment, the six divine armors merged into one, turning into a seven-color divine armor, exuding an earth-shattering aura...

[Seven Transformations Divine Armor: Creation Grade, Innate Divine Artifact]

[This armor is made from the fusion of seven **** armors such as sky, wind, thunder, cold, life, Ming, and wood]

[Reminder: At this moment, 1.4 billion star combat power can be fed back! 】

After reading the Shenjia information, Qin Feng is full of information!

The 1.4 billion star combat power feeds back!

This helped him a lot!

Today, his defensive equipment is equipped with the 'Seven Transformations Divine Armor', and his attack equipment is equipped with the 'Sword of Execution of Heaven', all of which are at the level of good fortune.

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

He observed the 'Seven Transformations Divine Armor' for a while, then waved it away.

Today, he still has Shitian God Armor, Water God Armor, Fire God Armor, Earth Heaven God Armor, and Jintian God Armor who have not recognized their masters.

When he masters the five avenues of time, water, fire, earth, and gold, he can make the five gods recognize their masters and condense the gods of Pantian!

Pan Tianshen armor!

That is a treasure of the pinnacle of creation!

Think about it and look forward to it!

After collecting the seven-transformation armor, he began to deal with other trivial matters

While Qin Feng was dealing with various trivial matters, in the outside square, the point exchange had already ended.

All players are retreating and refining resources!

Everyone is scrambling to improve their strength

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed by the outside world!

There are only three minutes left until the break is over.

The players ended their retreat one after another and started chatting.

The atmosphere on the field is getting hotter and hotter.

in the corner of the crowd.

Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, and Emperor Qing also ended their retreats.

At this moment, the faces of the three of them were full of joy.

This time, Qingdi's combat power has skyrocketed by more than one billion stars, suddenly reaching 39.5 billion stars, which is infinitely close to the threshold of the peak of the **** king.

Jindi's combat power has also broken through 35 billion stars!

And Zidi's combat power has increased to 38 billion, and the progress is actually the biggest.

At this moment, his face was full of joy, and his heart was extremely proud.

"Brother Zi, your progress this time is not small!"

Emperor Jin looked at Emperor Zi with envy in his tone.

Emperor Zi smiled slightly: "Brother Jin, you have also broken the 35 billion star combat power, and the progress is not small!"

Emperor Qing also smiled and said, "You two don't need to be humble! Your progress is not small!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them smiled knowingly.

Obviously, they were very satisfied with the results of this retreat.

"By the way, Brother Zi and Brother Jin, what do you think Qin Feng will be when he comes out of this retreat?"

Qingdi asked curiously again.

After taking a glance at the foggy barrier not far away, Emperor Zi sneered.

"Brother Qing, don't think that Qin Feng has gained a lot, but the rest time is limited, even if he wants to refine it, it's too late!"

Emperor Jin also echoed: "That's right! I'm afraid his current combat power is not as good as Jin!"

Zi Di sneered and nodded: "That's it! The last chance, Qin Feng's child was able to win the first place because of the cheapness of the challenge. Its real strength should not be as good as me!"

Emperor Qing took a deep breath: "The deity also thinks the same way. If his combat power is not as good as Brother Jin, then I and the three of us can easily defeat him! Not to mention, we still have Cheng Huang and Di Xun. Lord help!"

Emperor Zi said with a smug smile: "That's why! That little thief is out of luck! When the next round of chance starts, the deity will activate the gambling card and be the first to attack him!"

Emperor Jin's eyes lit up: "Brother Zi, Jin will do his best to help you!"

Emperor Qing also said: "Qing is the same!"

Emperor Zi was overjoyed: "With the help of two people, it's even easier for Zi to win that child!"

Emperor Jin smiled and said, "Actually, even without our help, Brother Zi can easily take down Qin Feng!"

Hearing this, Emperor Zi smiled without saying a word.

He really thought so!

Obviously, he far underestimated Qin Feng!

Today, Qin Feng's combat power has reached 61.7 billion stars, which can completely crush Zidi.

What's more, Qin Feng has mastered many avenues, and methods emerge in an endless stream.

Even if the combat power is comparable to Qin Feng's, I am afraid that it is not Qin Feng's opponent.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook.

Everyone was startled and looked up.

The voice of Tiandao also came!

[Holy Land Reminder: The rest time is over. Invite the players from the three areas to take the teleportation array and go to the safety area in the central area]

Safe Zone in the Central Zone!

This is to three districts in one!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, the center of the square trembled violently again!

Then, a huge teleportation formation slowly rose from the ground!

In just a moment, the teleportation formation was fully revealed!

The atmosphere in the field suddenly heated up!

"Everyone, the teleportation array has appeared!"

"The players in the three districts have to go to the safety area in the central area. This is the integration of the three districts!"

"It seems that a new opportunity is about to begin!"

At this moment, all the players were excited.

Everyone is looking forward to the next opportunity.

However, no one took the initiative to go to the teleportation array, but looked at Qingdi, Zidi, and Jindi.

At this moment, Qin Feng did not show up, and these three bigwigs had the highest status.

These three big men have not yet been dispatched, and no one dares to overstep it!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Seeing the awe-inspiring eyes all around, Emperor Zi smiled slightly, very proud.

He glanced at Lanwu Barrier again, but still did not see Qin Feng appear.

Immediately, he said: "Brother Qing, Brother Jin, it is estimated that Qin Feng's child is still in retreat! I'll go first!"

"it is good!"

Emperor Qing and Emperor Jin complied.

Immediately, the three led ten quasi-god kings and walked towards the teleportation formation.

After a while, Zidi and his party disappeared into the teleportation array.

Everyone also let out a sigh of relief.

At this moment, Qin Feng and his party have not appeared.