Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The players in the square no longer waited, and rushed to the teleportation array one after another.

At this moment, in the chaotic space, in the valley where hundreds of flowers bloom in the central area.

Qin Feng looked at a sapling in front of him with joy.

The sapling was more than ten feet high, exuding the rhythm of the three great avenues, and its aura was extremely extraordinary.

And beside the sapling, there was Qingchengzi.

At the moment of 3.8, Qingchengzi also looked at the sapling with joy.

It turned out that the sapling was the spiritual root of heaven and earth - ginseng fruit tree!

During this period of retreat, Qin Feng just had time to help Qingchengzi cultivate the seeds of the ginseng fruit tree.

Under the nurturing of the jade liquid, and the assistance of Qin Feng's various methods on the plane, in just over 40 hours, the ginseng fruit tree has grown to a height of more than ten feet.

As soon as this ginseng fruit tree grows, it brings a lot of benefits to Qingchengzi and makes him realize a lot of Dao rhyme!

Now, his combat power has increased to 900 million stars, a great improvement!

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi came to Qin Feng.

"City lord, if it wasn't for you, the ginseng fruit tree under my command would have grown so big! This time, thanks to your help!"

Qingchengzi thanked him gratefully.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

He helped Qingchengzi cultivate ginseng fruit trees, and he also got a lot of benefits.

As soon as this ginseng fruit tree takes root, the power of its rhythm subtly strengthens the chaotic space.

Today, Qin Feng's combat power has increased to 62 billion stars!

He is also in a good mood!

"Just now, there was a reminder from Tiandao that the rest is over, and it's time for me to go out!"

Qin Feng brought up the business.

"Yes! City Lord!"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Qingchengzi quickly agreed.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the two disappeared out of thin air and went to the outside world together.

Chapter 859 The foggy zone! God's Land!

At this moment, everyone looked nervous and looked up at the sky.

Qin Feng also held his breath and listened carefully...

The voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[The chance of this round is the second layer of the Holy Land's "Ultimate Chance", and the reward will be dozens of times that of the past! 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

There was an uproar!

Dozens of times the reward!

This is too powerful!

Everyone couldn't help but get excited!

Tiandao's reminders continue to come

[The chance of this round adopts the 'elimination system'! 】

[The chance of this round allows players to fight each other]

[A player who dies during the competition will be disqualified and will be forcibly sent out of the Holy Land]

[Kill the player to get the player token]

[Get the False God Realm player token, you can exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Get the True God Realm Player Token to exchange for 3 Holy Land Points]

[Get the token of the main **** realm player, you can exchange for 10 holy land points]

[Get the quasi-god king player token, you can exchange for 30 holy land points]

[Get the initial player token of the God King to exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Get the mid-term player token of the King of God, you can exchange for 3 Holy Land Points]

[Get the God King Peak Player Token to exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Reminder: Holy Land Points will have special purposes, the more harvest the better]

Hearing this, many people's expressions changed slightly.

Tiandao's reminder is clearly to encourage the players to kill each other!

Those low-level players looked a little ugly.

However, the players above the quasi-god king were full of excitement.

Zi Di and the others were even more excited!

They are worrying about how to stop Qin Feng from getting the chance!

Now the solution is coming, that is to kill Qin Feng directly, isn't it a hundred!

At this moment, the voice of Tiandao continues to echo

[The content of the first stage of this ship's chance is as follows]

[Players will be randomly sent to all corners of the "Mist Zone"!]

[The fog in the "Mist Zone" will suppress people's consciousness and make people lose their sense of direction! 】

[Assessment content: Players rely on their own strength and luck to pass through the foggy area and reach the "land of the gods" at the end of the foggy area! 】

[Reminder: The top ten arrivals can get rich ranking rewards! 】

[Reminder: The 11th to 100th arrivals will get the winning prize! 】

[Reminder: After 30,000 people will be eliminated! 】

Boom~!

The audience was in an uproar again!

After 30,000 people will be eliminated!

Today, there are nearly 100,000 players in the field, which means 70,000 people will be eliminated!

The first stage of this opportunity sounds cruel!

The voice of heaven continues to come

[Reminder: There are many 'Holy Land Demon Gods' hidden in the foggy area, and their realms range from False God Realm to God King Realm. They are obstacles that prevent players from going to the 'Land of Gods']

[Reminder: The first stage of competition will start in 5 minutes, please prepare for players]

【Countdown: 5:4:59】

As soon as this reminder came out, the audience was hotly debated.

"Everyone, the first stage of the competition is about to start!" "

"According to Tiandao's suggestion, the foggy area suppresses the consciousness, and people can't tell the difference between east, west, north and west. This doesn't make people dizzy!"

"More importantly, Heavenly Dao didn't tell us that the end of the 'Land of the Gods' is in that direction, do we want us to find it blindly?"

"You are right! If you look in the right direction, you can pass the border smoothly. If you look in the wrong direction, you will never reach the destination!"

"Hey~! That being said, this first-stage test is not only a test of strength, but also a test of luck!"

"That's true! By the way, if we test our luck, maybe we can also hope to enter the top 100 in the real **** realm!"

"Haha! I'm afraid you are thinking too much! Unless you are unlucky, you can not only find the right direction along the way, but also avoid those players and demon gods above the main **** realm, otherwise you are in danger!"

"Uh~! This"

At this moment, there are constant discussions in the field!

Zi Di and others are also discussing.

It's just that their faces are full of joy.

"Lord Dixun, the rules of this first stage seem to be very beneficial to us!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi smiled.

Di Xun also smiled and nodded: "Yeah! With my strength, even if the fog suppresses spiritual consciousness, it won't suppress much. We want to reach the finish within the top ten, so it shouldn't be a problem."

Cheng Huang even said with a smile: "The ranking is second! Killing Qin Feng is the first! This time, we have entered the foggy area. As long as we meet Qin Feng, we will immediately kill it!"

"It's natural!"

Zi Di and the others nodded again and again.

They didn't notice it, and when they were whispering, Qin Feng was also eavesdropping.

Listening to their secret conversation, Qin Feng sneered in his heart.

At this moment, Yu Xuanji's voice sounded beside him.

"Master, Tiandao reminded me just now that the end point is called the 'Land of God's Relics'. If I remember correctly, there is a 'Jiutian Zhen Temple' in the Land of God's Relics!"

Qin Feng wondered: "Jiutian Zhen Temple? Where is that?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said: "That is the place where the False God Realm is promoted to the True God Realm! Usually, only the headquarters of the major star fields have entrances that can be entered. And the entrances are only opened once every hundred years, not if you want to enter! "

"So, if you want to advance to the True God Realm in the False God Realm, you need to go to the headquarters of the major star fields within a fixed period of time to enter it. Unexpectedly, the Nine Heavens True Temple has always been hidden in the Holy Land."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "What do you mean, we have reached the 'land of the gods', and as long as we find the 'Nine Heavens True Temple', we can directly be promoted to the real **** realm there?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "This is what the concubine thinks! To be promoted from the False God Realm to the True God Realm is to promote the Godhead to the Godhead. The Godhead is limited and changes every hundred years. Now the century has not yet come, but the new Godhead There should be."

"As long as we go in, we should be able to obtain the divine position, which is much easier than normal promotion!"

Qin Feng was a little puzzled: "How do you say this?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly explained: "Master, this is how it is! There is an upper limit to the number of true gods in this universe. Unless the universe is upgraded, the number of true gods will increase. The master of this universe has long ceased to exist, and the number of true gods has always been fixed. !"

"However, a true **** will fall every hundred years. After those true gods fall, the **** position will be vacant."

"Because the number of gods is too limited, the competition is naturally becoming more and more fierce. Every hundred years of battles for gods, less than one ten thousandth of the gods can finally get the gods."

"The situation is different now! The Jiutian Zhen Temple has not yet opened, but there must be vacancies in it, and there are dozens of places. As long as we can enter the temple, we don't need to compete, and we can get the divine position. !"

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiao Luan'er and others on the side also heard it.

Several little guys have their eyes lit up!

"Dad! If we can be promoted to the real **** realm in this holy land, it will save a lot of time! In this way, it will be easier for you to deal with the attack of the gods!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Obviously, the little guy has long wanted to break through the realm.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "If you can really be promoted to the **** position, it's really a good thing! Hey! This is"

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and waved it casually.

I saw a flash of white light in front of him, and the burning lamp appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that the lights are finally out!

As soon as the lamp appeared, he immediately stepped forward to meet him.

"The lamp has seen the master!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly and looked away at the lamp.

He looked at him with joy on his face.