Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

I saw that the realm of the burning lamp was still a quasi-god king, but the combat power and momentum had increased to 15 billion stars, a proper **** king early stage.

This is definitely a great help for Qin Feng!

However, as soon as the lamp appeared, it immediately attracted the attention of the players in the surrounding True God Realm.

Many people turned to look at the lamp.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Seeing this, many players' faces changed slightly.

"."My God! That person is actually a quasi-god king!"

"Uh~! Quasi-God King? Then how does he call that young man the master?"

As soon as these words fell, many True God players looked at Qin Feng in surprise.

In their eyes, Qin Feng is clearly just a False God player!

How can a False God realm player let the quasi-god king recognize him as the master?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, the roar of heaven resounded over the square!

[Holy Land Reminder: Players please take out their tokens, and Tiandao will start teleportation according to the tokens]

Wow~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience was in a commotion!

All the players took out their tokens one after another, anxiously waiting for the opportunity to start!

Di Jiang, Jumang and others also took out tokens.

Burning Lamp also took out the token!

Regarding the rules of chance, Ran Deng also heard the Heavenly Dao prompt in the chaotic space, and naturally knew it.

At this time, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and turned into a very negative body and a very positive body.

This bizarre scene made the surrounding contestants stunned!

But before they thought about it, the two main bodies each took out a token.

The players were even more stunned!

It was the first time they saw that a person had two tokens in his hand.

Those are all players from Zone 1 and Zone 3, so naturally they don't know Qin Feng's details.

At the same moment, Cheng Huang and Di Xun also witnessed all this!

Instead, the two of them made up their minds!

Bipolar body!

Judgment of God's Domain's vocation skills!

Their target was right!

hum~~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook!

Immediately after, thousands of beams of light fell on each contestant!

As the beam of light enveloped, the players were teleported out

The number of people in the square is rapidly decreasing!

Soon, a beam of light fell on the body of the polar sun.

He only felt that the sky was spinning for a while, and the surrounding white light flashed continuously, and he was passed out of the square...

When the surrounding white light dissipated, Ji Yang's body found that he had appeared in a huge jungle.

There is a thick white fog all around, and with his strength, the visible range is only a few miles.

If you change to an ordinary False God realm player, I am afraid you can only see half a meter around!

"These white mists are really weird!"

Jiyang body muttered in his heart.

He felt it in his heart, and sure enough, within this white fog, he couldn't distinguish the punishment from the east, the south, the northwest.

As a result, it is easy to get lost in the fog.

In such a situation, it is not very difficult for the players to find the "Land of the Gods" at the end!

What's more, there are all kinds of dangers hidden in these mists!

correct!

I don't know what will happen to consciousness in this fog?

Boom~!

As soon as his mind moved, Jiyang's body burst into divine consciousness and swept away!

In just an instant, within a radius of ten thousand miles, all those things shrouded in fog appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness.

The face of Ji Yang's body also showed joy.

Chapter Eight hundred and sixty Divination! Come on top!

At this moment, everyone looked nervous and looked up at the sky.

Qin Feng also held his breath and listened carefully...

The voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[The chance of this round is the second layer of the Holy Land's "Ultimate Chance", and the reward will be dozens of times that of the past! 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

There was an uproar!

Dozens of times the reward!

This is too powerful!

Everyone couldn't help but get excited!

Tiandao's reminders continue to come

[The chance of this round adopts the 'elimination system'! 】

[The chance of this round allows players to fight each other]

[A player who dies during the competition will be disqualified and will be forcibly sent out of the Holy Land]

[Kill the player to get the player token]

[Get the False God Realm player token, you can exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Get the True God Realm Player Token to exchange for 3 Holy Land Points]

[Get the token of the main **** realm player, you can exchange for 10 holy land points]

[Get the quasi-god king player token, you can exchange for 30 holy land points]

[Get the initial player token of the God King to exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Get the mid-term player token of the King of God, you can exchange for 3 Holy Land Points]

[Get the God King Peak Player Token to exchange for 1 Holy Land Point]

[Reminder: Holy Land Points will have special purposes, the more harvest the better]

Hearing this, many people's expressions changed slightly.

Tiandao's reminder is clearly to encourage the players to kill each other!

Those low-level players looked a little ugly.

However, the players above the quasi-god king were full of excitement.

Zi Di and the others were even more excited!

They are worrying about how to stop Qin Feng from getting the chance!

Now the solution is coming, that is to kill Qin Feng directly, isn't it a hundred!

At this moment, the voice of Tiandao continues to echo

[The content of the first stage of this ship's chance is as follows]

[Players will be randomly sent to all corners of the "Mist Zone"!]

[The fog in the "Mist Zone" will suppress people's consciousness and make people lose their sense of direction! 】

[Assessment content: Players rely on their own strength and luck to pass through the foggy area and reach the "land of the gods" at the end of the foggy area! 】

[Reminder: The top ten arrivals can get rich ranking rewards! 】

[Reminder: The 11th to 100th arrivals will get the winning prize! 】

[Reminder: After 30,000 people will be eliminated! 】

Boom~!

The audience was in an uproar again!

After 30,000 people will be eliminated!

Today, there are nearly 100,000 players in the field, which means 70,000 people will be eliminated!

The first stage of this opportunity sounds cruel!

The voice of heaven continues to come

[Reminder: There are many 'Holy Land Demon Gods' hidden in the foggy area, and their realms range from False God Realm to God King Realm. They are obstacles that prevent players from going to the 'Land of Gods']

[Reminder: The first stage of competition will start in 5 minutes, please prepare for players]

【Countdown: 5:4:59】

As soon as this reminder came out, the audience was hotly debated.

"Everyone, the first stage of the competition is about to start!" "

"According to Tiandao's suggestion, the foggy area suppresses the consciousness, and people can't tell the difference between east, west, north and west. This doesn't make people dizzy!"

"More importantly, Heavenly Dao didn't tell us that the end of the 'Land of the Gods' is in that direction, do we want us to find it blindly?"

"You are right! If you look in the right direction, you can pass the border smoothly. If you look in the wrong direction, you will never reach the destination!"

"Hey~! That being said, this first-stage test is not only a test of strength, but also a test of luck!"

"That's true! By the way, if we test our luck, maybe we can also hope to enter the top 100 in the real **** realm!"

"Haha! I'm afraid you are thinking too much! Unless you are unlucky, you can not only find the right direction along the way, but also avoid those players and demon gods above the main **** realm, otherwise you are in danger!"

"Uh~! This"

At this moment, there are constant discussions in the field!

Zi Di and others are also discussing.

It's just that their faces are full of joy.

"Lord Dixun, the rules of this first stage seem to be very beneficial to us!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi smiled.

Di Xun also smiled and nodded: "Yeah! With my strength, even if the fog suppresses spiritual consciousness, it won't suppress much. We want to reach the finish within the top ten, so it shouldn't be a problem."

Cheng Huang even said with a smile: "The ranking is second! Killing Qin Feng is the first! This time, we have entered the foggy area. As long as we meet Qin Feng, we will immediately kill it!"

"It's natural!"

Zi Di and the others nodded again and again.

They didn't notice it, and when they were whispering, Qin Feng was also eavesdropping.