Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Listening to their secret conversation, Qin Feng sneered in his heart.

At this moment, Yu Xuanji's voice sounded beside him.

"Master, Tiandao reminded me just now that the end point is called the 'Land of God's Relics'. If I remember correctly, there is a 'Jiutian Zhen Temple' in the Land of God's Relics!"

Qin Feng wondered: "Jiutian Zhen Temple? Where is that?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said: "That is the place where the False God Realm is promoted to the True God Realm! Usually, only the headquarters of the major star fields have entrances that can be entered. And the entrances are only opened once every hundred years, not if you want to enter! "

"So, if you want to advance to the True God Realm in the False God Realm, you need to go to the headquarters of the major star fields within a fixed period of time to enter it. Unexpectedly, the Nine Heavens True Temple has always been hidden in the Holy Land."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "What do you mean, we have reached the 'land of the gods', and as long as we find the 'Nine Heavens True Temple', we can directly be promoted to the real **** realm there?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "This is what the concubine thinks! To be promoted from the False God Realm to the True God Realm is to promote the Godhead to the Godhead. The Godhead is limited and changes every hundred years. Now the century has not yet come, but the new Godhead There should be."

"As long as we go in, we should be able to obtain the divine position, which is much easier than normal promotion!"

Qin Feng was a little puzzled: "How do you say this?"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly explained: "Master, this is how it is! There is an upper limit to the number of true gods in this universe. Unless the universe is upgraded, the number of true gods will increase. The master of this universe has long ceased to exist, and the number of true gods has always been fixed. !"

"However, a true **** will fall every hundred years. After those true gods fall, the **** position will be vacant."

"Because the number of gods is too limited, the competition is naturally becoming more and more fierce. Every hundred years of battles for gods, less than one ten thousandth of the gods can finally get the gods."

"The situation is different now! The Jiutian Zhen Temple has not yet opened, but there must be vacancies in it, and there are dozens of places. As long as we can enter the temple, we don't need to compete, and we can get the divine position. !"

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiao Luan'er and others on the side also heard it.

Several little guys have their eyes lit up!

"Dad! If we can be promoted to the real **** realm in this holy land, it will save a lot of time! In this way, it will be easier for you to deal with the attack of the gods!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Obviously, the little guy has long wanted to break through the realm.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "If you can really be promoted to the **** position, it's really a good thing! Hey! This is"

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and waved it casually.

I saw a flash of white light in front of him, and the burning lamp appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that the lights are finally out!

As soon as the lamp appeared, he immediately stepped forward to meet him.

"The lamp has seen the master!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly and looked away at the lamp.

He looked at him with joy on his face.

I saw that the realm of the burning lamp was still a quasi-god king, but the combat power and momentum had increased to 15 billion stars, a proper **** king early stage.

This is definitely a great help for Qin Feng!

However, as soon as the lamp appeared, it immediately attracted the attention of the players in the surrounding True God Realm.

Many people turned to look at the lamp.

Seeing this, many players' faces changed slightly.

"."My God! That person is actually a quasi-god king!"

"Uh~! Quasi-God King? Then how does he call that young man the master?"

As soon as these words fell, many True God players looked at Qin Feng in surprise.

In their eyes, Qin Feng is clearly just a False God player!

How can a False God realm player let the quasi-god king recognize him as the master?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, the roar of heaven resounded over the square!

[Holy Land Reminder: Players please take out their tokens, and Tiandao will start teleportation according to the tokens]

Wow~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience was in a commotion!

All the players took out their tokens one after another, anxiously waiting for the opportunity to start!

Di Jiang, Jumang and others also took out tokens.

Burning Lamp also took out the token!

Regarding the rules of chance, Ran Deng also heard the Heavenly Dao prompt in the chaotic space, and naturally knew it.

At this time, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and turned into a very negative body and a very positive body.

This bizarre scene made the surrounding contestants stunned!

But before they thought about it, the two main bodies each took out a token.

The players were even more stunned!

It was the first time they saw that a person had two tokens in his hand.

Those are all players from Zone 1 and Zone 3, so naturally they don't know Qin Feng's details.

At the same moment, Cheng Huang and Di Xun also witnessed all this!

Instead, the two of them made up their minds!

Bipolar body!

Judgment of God's Domain's vocation skills!

Their target was right!

hum~~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook!

Immediately after, thousands of beams of light fell on each contestant!

As the beam of light enveloped, the players were teleported out

The number of people in the square is rapidly decreasing!

Soon, a beam of light fell on the body of the polar sun.

He only felt that the sky was spinning for a while, and the surrounding white light flashed continuously, and he was passed out of the square...

When the surrounding white light dissipated, Ji Yang's body found that he had appeared in a huge jungle.

There is a thick white fog all around, and with his strength, the visible range is only a few miles.

If you change to an ordinary False God realm player, I am afraid you can only see half a meter around!

"These white mists are really weird!"

Jiyang body muttered in his heart.

He felt it in his heart, and sure enough, within this white fog, he couldn't distinguish the punishment from the east, the south, the northwest.

As a result, it is easy to get lost in the fog.

In such a situation, it is not very difficult for the players to find the "Land of the Gods" at the end!

What's more, there are all kinds of dangers hidden in these mists!

correct!

I don't know what will happen to consciousness in this fog?

Boom~!

As soon as his mind moved, Jiyang's body burst into divine consciousness and swept away!

In just an instant, within a radius of ten thousand miles, all those things shrouded in fog appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness.

The face of Ji Yang's body also showed joy.

Chapter 861 The betting begins! Harvest all the way!

At this moment, Ji Yang's face was full of joy.

Sure enough!

The fog in front of you is suppressing the consciousness!

But Qin Feng's soul body has reached the Dao level, and even if it is suppressed by the fog, it can allow him to spy on thousands of miles!

Even Di Xun and Cheng Huang are not as good as him!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Although Di Xun and Cheng Huang were the peak powers of the God King, their soul body level had not yet reached the Dao level.

What's more, Qin Feng's detection range is not only a radius of ten thousand miles, but also the very yin body is also spying!

That's his big advantage!

However, Qin Feng did not dare to be too optimistic!

After all, this fog test is like opening a blind box, and there is a lot of luck.

He couldn't guarantee that he would be the first.

correct!

He had to quickly summon Di Jiang, Jumang and the others.

Ji Yang's body suddenly thought of his subordinates!

Without his protection, Di Jiang and others would be in danger, and would even be eliminated at any time.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body casts a space call...

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The surrounding space trembled slightly!

Di Jiang and others did not appear!

Tiandao has sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Space Summoning Failed! In the foggy area, the target can only be summoned within a radius of 10,000 miles]

The body of Jiyang was stunned!

Within a thousand miles!

That is exactly the range that his divine sense can spy on!

It seems that he can't summon him unless he finds Di Jiang and others.

In this way, the situation of Di Jiang and others is a little critical!

If Di Jiang and others met Zi Di and others, they would definitely have their lives at risk!

He had to find Di Jiang and the others before Zi Di and the others!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body is ready to go...

"Hey! This is..."

It was at this moment that his eyes suddenly lit up.

It turned out that he found that there were many precious spiritual plants growing in the jungle under the mist, among which there were many spiritual plants of the highest rank...

In this way, the jungle in front of you is also a treasure 313 library!

With this in mind, Ji Yang had already pinched the seal with his hand and activated the supernatural power—Lingzhi Devouring!

Om~!

In the next second, he became a humanoid black hole!

The engulfing power that covered the sky and the earth radiated from the black hole, covering all around, and it instantly covered hundreds of millions of miles...