Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Extremely positive body rejoice!

It turned out that this fog did not suppress the range of spiritual plant devouring!

This is so beneficial to him!

It seems that he can search for some resources again!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body closed his eyes and fully exerted his spiritual plant to devour...

Immediately with him as the center, the spirit flowers, spirit grasses, spirit fruits, and spirit trees within a radius of 300 million miles began to wither at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Thousands of Taoist spirits have their origins pouring into his body one after another...

His momentum has skyrocketed all the way...

At this time, 700 billion miles away.

The very yin body is full of joy!

He is concentric with the polar body, and naturally knows everything about the polar body.

In the next second, he also displayed Spirit Plant Devouring, and began to frantically devour the resources around him.

At this point, it was still the beginning of the game.

The players are still in a period of panic and adjustment.

Qin Feng's two main bodies have begun to plunder resources on a large scale

Having said that, the two main bodies are 700 billion miles apart, which is equivalent to spanning a galaxy.

It can be seen that this foggy area is very large!

Just when Ji Yang's body devoured resources, it was in a valley 200 million miles away from him.

Di Jiangzheng looked around with a blank expression on his face.

The little guy just came to this place and didn't know where to go.

After all, he is too young, and many things are ignorant.

"Hey! There's..."

At this moment, Di Jiang suddenly opened his eyes wide and looked forward with a look of surprise.

I saw that in that direction, countless spiritual plants withered and died at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Seeing this scene, Di Jiang's eyes showed great joy!

This seems to be my father's devouring skill!

Immediately, his figure flashed, and he flew towards the source of the power of devouring.

That speed is fast, like a long rainbow!

Di Jiang did not guess wrong!

The direction he went was exactly where the polar body was!

While Di Jiang was on his way, in many corners in the depths of the dense fog, there were screams of humans and the roar of monsters.

Obviously, the devouring of the spiritual plant of Jiyang's body has alarmed many players and Warcraft.

Especially those players who discovered that they cherished Lingzhi and watched helplessly as Lingzhi withered in front of their eyes.

The demon beasts who guard and cherish the spiritual plant were even more enraged on the spot, and came directly to the direction of Jiyang's body.

For a time, the foggy area in this area was stirred up by the body of Jiyang.

At the same moment, in the foggy area, in another area.

Yu Xuanji looked at the withered spiritual plant in front of him, and was surprised.

The next second, she rushed towards the source of the withered spiritual plant.

The direction she was going was exactly where the yin body was.

That's it, at the beginning of this game.

Di Jiang and Yu Xuanji sensed the direction of the two main bodies.

Jumang, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, Qiyue, Qingchengzi, Randeng and others were not so lucky.

At this moment, they are carefully shuttling through the fog!

They not only have to guard against beasts and demons in the fog, but also guard against players with bad intentions. It can be said that they are in danger!

In a blink of an eye, minutes passed.

The location where the body of the polar yang is located, within a radius of 300 million miles, all spiritual plants have withered, and the entire area has become lifeless.

At this moment, Ji Yang's body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

After some devouring just now, his combat power has skyrocketed by a large amount, and his combat power has increased by 160 million stars.

It can be seen that the resources in the foggy area are very rich!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body showed a satisfied smile.

But before he was happy, the momentum on his body skyrocketed again, and in a blink of an eye, he increased by 140 million stars!

In this way, his combat power has reached 62.3 billion stars!

It turned out that the very yin body also completed the first wave of devouring, which brought another 140 million combat power increase.

Extremely satisfied with the anode body!

"Next, it's time to find Di Jiang and the others!"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ji Yang's body muttered, and turned the palm of his hand, and a divine book appeared out of thin air, blooming with dazzling golden light.

That is the book of the present world!

As soon as the book of the world came out, Ji Yang's body hurriedly pinched the seal!

Om~!

The divine book shook!

Expand slowly!

The number of human beings in the world is starting to run slowly!

The anode body quickly stretched out his finger

The fingertips glowed gold and began to slide in the air

【Ren, Jia, Geng, Yin】

【Shaoyang in Kanzhong! Sunda is the southeast! 】

At this moment, a mysterious seal script appeared!

"Shaoyang in Kanzhong means the second son. Isn't my second son Dijiang! It turns out that Dijiang is in the southeast direction!"

As soon as the eyes of the polar body light up, it looks in a certain direction.

That is exactly where Dijiang is located!

It turned out that Jiyang Ontology used the number of human beings to urge the "Book of the World" to calculate the location of Dijiang.

Unexpectedly, he calculated the position all of a sudden!

With this method, can he also predict the direction of the end point?

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and once again urged the "Book of the World"

Om~!

The divine book vibrated again!

The number of humanity begins to run slowly!

The fingertips of the anode body lit up with golden light again and slid in the air

【Xin, B, Ding, Gui】

【Leaving the Mountains away! People are not prosperous! 】

Another mysterious seal script emerges!

"Weishan Lixiang! The end point is in the Lihuo direction of Weitu, which is to the south!"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, full of surprises.

He actually occupied the direction of the finish line.

This can save him a lot of time.

With this advantage alone, he is better than 99% of the players!

After being excited, he moved his fingers again, and two lines of seal script appeared again.

[Genzhi to the east! Xu ugly punishment! 】

[Shock to the west! Midday clash! 】

"One is to the east and the other is to the west. There are originally two entrances, which can enter the interior of the land of the gods."

"Gen is a mountain, it is quiet, and it is slow! This entrance is less dangerous! Xu and Ugly punish each other, encounter less resistance, and gain less, but the journey is very long!"

"The shock is thunder, it is moving, and it is urgent! This entrance is very dangerous! Meridian clashes, water and fire are incompatible, and there is bound to be a war. But this road is very rewarding, and the road is short, and each has its own advantages!"

The anode body showed a satisfied smile.

In just a while, he not only found the direction of the 'Land of the Gods', but also had a clear idea of ​​the entrance.

The way of divination!

Mysterious incomparable!

correct!

He knew the direction of Dijiang, as well as the direction of Jumang, Xiaoluan'er and others, but he still didn't know!

Thinking of this, the anode body continued to calculate and divination

At the same time, deep in the thick fog, in a hidden valley.

The Qing Emperor is using the Heavenly Secret Avenue, and is also deducing something.

At this time, there was a light curtain in front of him, and tens of thousands of stars appeared in it.

Qing Emperor manipulated the star map while pinching the seal.

[The giant gate is on the left! Lu exists right! 】

[Purple Palace is the same palace! Four flying stars! 】

【Nandou Stars! Guide ahead! 】

"The Land of the Gods is to the south!"

Qingdi surprises!

Like Ji Yang's body, he also calculated the location of the Divine Relic Land.

"It seems that it can only be deduced here! As for the specific situation of the land of the gods, the astrology is unknown!"

Qingdi murmured and put away the Doushu star map in front of him.

He only calculated the location of the land of the gods, but he did not calculate the two entrances and the difficulty of the entrances.

It can be seen from this that Emperor Qing's divination ability is slightly inferior to Qin Feng's.

"Anyway, if I can calculate the position, I have already seized the opportunity! Presumably in the entire Holy Land, there will be no second person who can predict the position of the God's Relic Land like me!"

Qingdi thought proudly in his heart.

In his opinion, as long as his luck is not too bad, winning the first place is not a problem.

"Right! I don't know what happened to Qin Feng?"

Thinking of Qin Feng, the look in Qingdi's eyes is extremely complicated.

For some reason, he always thinks that Qin Feng is very strange, he is clearly in the illusory realm, but the potential he can express is terrifying!

For this reason, as soon as he entered this foggy area, he foresaw Qin Feng's position.