Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The obtained astrology is chaotic and cannot be deduced!

This surprised Qingdi very much!

There is only one possibility for objects that cannot be divination by the Avenue of Heavenly Secrets.

It can be seen that that Qin Feng is very difficult!

Don't think about it so much, he still won the first place first.

With this in mind, Emperor Qing rushed in the direction of the land of the gods.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded over the entire secret realm.

[Holy Land Reminder: Player Zi Di launched a Taoist bet to player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology)]

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the entire secret realm was shocked! .

Chapter 862: The Talisman of Praying for Heaven! Strong Enemies Gather!

At this moment, in every corner of the secret realm, all the players were shocked!

Dao-level gambling!

That's the way to gamble!

If you lose, the price is huge!

Having said that, those who can launch Dao-level gambling are basically god-king-level~powerful!

Because only the God-king can awaken the Dao-!

And the avenue is also extremely precious to the Gambler card, and ordinary players can't exchange it at all - can't afford it!

Thinking of this, the players felt that this bet was unusual!

The players who have those ideas are all from Zone 1 and Zone 3.

They don't know Zi Di and Qin Feng!

But at this moment, they have regarded Qin Feng and Zi Di as powerful gods!

A contest between the gods and kings is about to start!

Those players from the second area, naturally know the details.

They think differently, most of them are not optimistic about Qin Feng.

Although Qin Feng won the first place in the No. 2 area, it is still in the False God realm after all, and its comprehensive strength is probably slightly inferior to that of the Purple Emperor.

However, the players in Zone 2 did not dare to underestimate Qin Feng!

In their opinion, Qin Feng's comprehensive strength should be close to the mid-term threshold of the God King.

Di Jiang, Jumang and others also heard the prompt and were immediately worried.

At the same time, in the depths of the thick fog, there was an area full of withered spiritual plants.

Jiyang body stands proudly, looking up at the sky!

As soon as he deduced the positions of his subordinates, Tiandao sent a reminder that Zidi launched a bet on him!

The corners of Ji Yang's body twitched slightly, but he was not surprised, everything was within his expectations.

He was also very curious, how did Zi Di play this time?

Launch Dao-level gambling!

The price Zidi has to pay is very high, but the rules are set by Zidi!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body pricked up his ears and listened to the announcement of the Tao of Heaven...

At this moment, it's not just him!

The players in the entire secret territory held their breath and listened carefully...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[The content of this round of betting is as follows]

[The initiator 'Purple Emperor' took Kurong Avenue and Dark Avenue as a bet to play Qin Feng's (Jiyang Ontology)'s 'Doomsday Avenue'. 】

[Content of the bet: Kill 5 monsters in the Holy Land of God King Realm within an hour, that is, to win]

[If both sides fail to reach the goal, the one with the most kills wins]

[If one party dies in the process, the bet will fail]

[During the betting process, both parties can check each other's positions]

[Start betting now: :01…]

Boom~!

As soon as the reminder came out, there was an exclamation in the secret!

Oh my God!

Within an hour, 5 monsters from the God King Realm will be beheaded!

This is too difficult!

The power of the primary God King can never be done!

Only in the middle stage of the God King and above, it is possible!

Could it be that Emperor Zi and Qin Feng are both great powers in the middle stage of the God King?

At this thought, the players from Areas 1 and 3 were shocked.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that there was a roar in Jiyang's mind!

Then, a strange map appeared in the back of his mind.

The map was a vast expanse of white, and there was no terrain to be seen, only the east, west, north and south could barely be seen.

On the quirky map, a green dot and a red dot were flashing.

The name on the green light spot is the very positive body.

Look at the name on the red light spot, it is Emperor Zi!

At this moment, the red light spot representing the Purple Emperor is rapidly approaching the body of the polar sun...

Looking at the lower left corner of the map, two lines of information are also displayed.

[Betting timing: :06…:07…]

[Distance between the two sides: 570 million miles]

After reading the information, Ji Yang's body smiled slightly and recovered his mind...

Then, he looked up at the direction where Emperor Zi came.

He could see that Emperor Zi did not intend to compete with himself to kill monsters, but wanted to use the rules of gambling to find out his position and kill him in one fell swoop.

At this moment, the two sides are only 570 million miles apart, and it won't be long before they meet!

Having said that, the Kurong Avenue and Dark Avenue that Emperor Zi took out were exactly the avenues he lacked!

At this thought, Ji Yang's body was full of expectations.

"Hey! The direction where the Purple Emperor came from and the direction where Emperor Jiang is located seems to be the same direction!"

Ji Yang Ontology was shocked when he discovered this problem.

no!

He has to hurry to find Di Jiang.

Don't let Di Jiang and Zi Di meet!

Otherwise, Dijiang is in danger!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body quickly put away the "Book of the Present World" in his hand, and was about to set off...

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

I saw that on the strange map, the red light spot representing the Purple Emperor suddenly stopped and stopped moving.

Ji Yang's heart skipped a beat, secretly thinking that it's not good!

Could it be that Emperor Zi found Di Jiang?

Otherwise, how could he stop!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is in a hurry!

He wants to contact Dijiang, but in this foggy area, the use of communication symbols is prohibited!

correct!

The communication symbol is useless, what about the chat channel?

With this in mind, Jiyang Ontology quickly opened the chat channel and sent an inquiry message to Dijiang...

Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology): "Little Emperor, have you encountered an enemy?"

As soon as the news came out, there was a message back there.

Di Jiang: "I only encountered a few monsters in the False God realm, but no enemies. By the way, Dad, are you still there? I see the traces of your spiritual plant devouring!"

Seeing this, Ji Yang's eyes lit up!

Di Jiang can see the scope of Lingzhi's devouring, which means that Di Jiang is within 300 million miles, while Zi Di is 500 million miles away from him.

The two sides are clearly not in the same position!

After thinking about this, Ji Yang's body couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief!

Immediately, he sent a message to Di Jiang.

Qin Feng (Jiyang body): "I'm still at the source, you can just come in that direction!"

Di Jiang: "Received!"

After reading this information, Ji Yang body breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he closed the channel and rushed in the direction of Dijiang...

He wants to join Dijiang as soon as possible!

The hidden danger in this foggy area is not only Zidi and others, but also many monsters and other players...

"Right! Why did Emperor Zi suddenly stop? Did he find some monster?"

Ji Yang's body was thinking about it while he was on his way.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, there was a sudden sound of rapid air breaking in front of him!

Jiyang body quickly raised his head and looked at the sound...

I saw in the thick fog, a huge beast with a length of 100 meters, carrying a monstrous devil, killing it here!

Wherever the giant beast passed, the mountains and forests roared, the misty sea surging, and the momentum was amazing!

Judging from its momentum, it is from the body of the polar yang!

Ji Yang's body was slightly taken aback!

Teleported him from Heavenly Dao, he never moved his position, how could he be attacked by monsters?

Then, his heart moved, and he wanted to understand what was going on.

It must be that when he used Lingzhi to devour, he angered the guardian beasts who guarded the Lingzhi, and let them kill the source to take revenge.

When I figured it out, Ji Yang's body laughed!