Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He can't wait for the monsters to come to the door automatically!

In just a few seconds, the giant beast passed through the layers of dense fog and came to the front.

The anode body also saw its appearance clearly!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

It was a monster with a tiger striped leopard tail, golden horns on its head and six eyes on its face.

[Evil Object]: Six-eyed beast

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the God King

[Combat Strength]: 13 billion stars

[Characteristics]: Mist monster, guard treasure

"Hey! It's actually a monster in the early days of the God King!"

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

This is exactly what he wants!

The bet between him and Zidi was to kill five god-king monsters.

Now that he doesn't need to look for it, there is one delivered to the door!

It was at this moment that the six-eyed hideous beast also saw the body of Jiyang.

It was stunned!

False God Realm?

The guy who devoured the source of its spiritual plant is the human being in the False God realm in front of him?

The six-eyed beast can't believe it!

A human in the False God realm should not have such strength!

It's probably not what this human did!

This human is just right in this direction!

However, even if it wasn't for this human being, it would kill this human being.

It was because of the intrusion of these hateful humans that it lost its treasure!

roar~!

A roar!

The six-eyed ferocious beast came straight to the polar body to slaughter it!

In the blink of an eye, it rushed to the front of the polar body!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly and swung a sword at will!

Swish~!

The sword light flashed! Break through the fog!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The six-eyed beast didn't even have time to let out a scream, and it was split into two halves, and even its soul body was smashed to pieces!

In this way, it was instantly killed by the sword of the polar body!

In the next second, a white light poured into the body of the polar sun body...

[You successfully killed the six-eyed beast (early stage of the **** king), and obtained +11 trillion energy points, +9910 golden judgment points]

[You successfully killed the six-eyed beast (early stage of the **** king), and 2 chaotic treasure chests exploded (incomplete state)]

[You successfully killed the six-eyed beast (early stage of the **** king) and obtained 30 Holy Land points]

[Reminder: In this secret area, only by killing monsters above the God King Realm can you get Holy Land Points]

Finally got the judgement value again!

The anode body is very happy!

Currently, he is the primary Hongmeng Supreme.

If you want to be promoted to the intermediate-level Hongmeng Supreme, you need to be promoted to level 85.

The higher the rank of Hongmeng Supreme, the greater the possibility of obtaining the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master!

He naturally wanted to upgrade his vocation!

"It turns out that if you kill monsters above the God King, you can also get Holy Land Points!"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body looked at the token in his hand again, and the Holy Land integral information appeared in it.

This discovery made him quite happy!

He thought that only by killing those players would he get Holy Land points.

Now it seems that there should be various ways to obtain Holy Land points.

At present, he has discovered the second way, which is to kill monsters above the king of gods.

Killing a monster in the early stage of the God King can get 30 points.

This is equivalent to killing a quasi-god king player, which is still very impressive.

You must know that among the players this time, the number of quasi-god kings is only three or four hundred. If you want to kill them, you may not be able to kill them. They are too rare.

"I don't want so much! It's time to go!"

After the body of Jiyang put away the two treasure chests that exploded, it rushed in the direction of Dijiang...

Not long after he set off, he encountered more than a dozen monsters, who also came to him for revenge for stealing treasures.

Ji Yang's body didn't hesitate, he killed everything with one sword, and harvested a lot of judgment points...

In this way, Jiyang's body slaughtered the blind monsters all the way, and merged with Dijiang...

At the same moment, the red light spot representing the Purple Emperor did not move.

It turned out that Emperor Zi was brewing a small shocking ambush against Ji Yang's body.

Chapter 863 Perfect match! Harvest again and again!

At this moment, deep in the fog.

In a hidden valley, Emperor Zi was silently waiting for something.

Behind him, there are nine people standing.

Seven of them are quasi-god kings, and the remaining two are early **** kings.

These nine people are all people who spy on God's Domain!

"Lord Zidi, Lord Jindi hasn't come yet?"

At this moment, an old man beside Zidi muttered in a low voice.

The old man was a great power in the early days of the God King, and he had followed Cheng Huang to the first area.

Now, he is arranged to participate in the action with Zidi.

"Come on! It is estimated that he is contacting Emperor Xuan!"

Zi Di replied softly.

The old man was surprised: "Lord Zidi, how could Emperor Xuan come? Could it be that he also has a talisman in his hand?"

Ziwei nodded slightly: "That's right! The Praying Talisman in Emperor Jin's hand was given to Emperor Xuan!"

The old man was overjoyed: "That's great! With the Heavenly Praying Talisman, Emperor Xuan can join us!"

Emperor Zi smiled slightly: "I hope so!"

The old man said excitedly: "Emperor Xuan is a mid-term **** king. When both he and Jin emperor arrive, we will have three mid-term **** kings here. Killing Qin Feng's child is even easier!"

The words just came to an end, and another god-king early stage almighty took over.

"Oh! The old man didn't see how strong Qin Feng's child was! He was just a hairy boy. Even without the help of Emperor Jin and Emperor Xuan, Lord Zidi could easily kill him! Even the old man could do it! "

The one who spoke was an old man in gray robe, with a arrogant expression, and his cultivation base was the peak of the initial stage of the God King!

His tone was sour, obviously jealous of Qin Feng!

Emperor Zi said with a smile: "That said, but don't be careless! Big sacrifice to the sky has always been a last-ditch strategy. He figured out that this Qin Feng is extraordinary, so I will naturally have to make adequate preparations!"

Swish~! Swish~!

Just after these words fell, there was a rapid sound of breaking through the air at the entrance of the valley!

Everyone followed the sound and saw two figures, one gold and one black, galloping from the Taniguchi!

That golden figure is the Golden Emperor!

The black figure was a bearded man wearing a black shirt, who was the Emperor Xuan in the eyes of the public.

This Emperor Xuan is not someone who peeks into the realm of the gods, but a mid-term **** king who was recruited by Huang from District 1.

At this moment, in front of the heads of Emperor Jin and Emperor Xuan, there is a yellow divine rune floating on it, with a mysterious seal script painted on it, and a faint red light glows in the thick fog!

Those two talismans are the prayer talismans in the mouths of the people!

At this moment, two Heavenly Praying Talismans fled in front, followed by Emperor Jin and Emperor Xuan.

They found the location of Emperor Zi only according to the guidance of the Heavenly Prayer Talisman!

"Come on! They're here!"

"Emperor Xuan is indeed here!"

When everyone saw the two Golden Emperors, they all showed joy!

In the blink of an eye, Emperor Jin and Emperor Xuan merged with Emperor Zi and others!

The two Heavenly Praying Talismans also flew above everyone's heads, igniting spontaneously without fire, and turning into ashes

Seeing this scene, the corners of Jindi's mouth twitched, and his flesh hurt!

Prayers!

It was made by the Great Sacrificial Heaven using the 'Tianji Dao'!

Using this talisman, you can complete some relatively simple wishes!

Just like this time, before the Purple Emperor and others entered the secret realm, they activated the 'Heaven Praying Talisman'.

Their wish for prayer is to be able to quickly meet in the secret territory.

Everything is as they wish!

After Zidi and others were teleported in, they were not far away.

Then, under the guidance of Qi Tianfu, they converged one after another.

The only unfortunate thing is that the production cost of the Heavenly Praying Talisman is also very high.

Among the players who spy on God's Domain, there is only one in the hands of the quasi-god king and the early **** king.

Emperor Zi and Emperor Jin each had two in their hands.

Emperor Jin himself used one, and the other was given to Emperor Xuan.

Emperor Zi used one and left one for another use.

Cheng Huang and Di Xun each have three cards in their hands!

"Finally waiting for you!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi looked at Emperor Jin with a smile.

Emperor Jin smiled and said, "Brother Zi, even if we don't come, you can still kill Qin Feng!"

Zi Di laughed without saying a word!

At this time, Emperor Xuan asked again: "Fellow Daoist Zi, where is Qin Feng's child now? He must have fled far away, right?"