Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With this reminder, Emperor Zi only remembered the goal.

He hurriedly closed his eyes and checked the map in the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

The next second, he opened his eyes and smiled.

"Not only did that kid not escape, but he was getting closer and closer to us! Now, he is only 390 million miles away from me!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned!

Immediately, Emperor Xuan sneered and said: "Is Qin Feng a fool? Even with his False God realm, he dares to chase after him! Isn't he afraid of being beheaded by you, so he loses the bet? That's a loss of a road. Yes!"

Emperor Zi also sneered: "Young man! If you have a little strength, you will be frivolous! Maybe, he thought he could confront me head-on! The old man thinks that he can just send him to the door like this!"

Emperor Jin smiled smugly: "I'm afraid that kid didn't expect that we would have so many people waiting for him! With the strength of our team, I'm afraid that the threshold of the peak of the **** king will have to retreat, let alone that Qin Feng! "

Emperor Zi smiled slightly: "So, that little thief is dead!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience showed a knowing smile.

"Lord Zidi, when will we act?"

At this time, a subordinate of the early God King asked in a low voice.

Emperor Zi looked around the crowd and said, "Wait a minute! There are still four early **** kings and three quasi **** kings on their way. When they are all here, let's kill Qin Feng!"

Hearing this, Emperor Xuan's eyes lit up!

There is even reinforcement!

It seems that Qin Feng is really dead!

At the moment, Zidi and his party just waited and chatted easily.

Anyway, the anode body is still a little far away from them, and they will not meet for a while.

Besides, on that map, Ji Yang's body can't see how many of them, only the list of Zidi alone.

If Ji Yang's body takes the initiative to come to the door, they can't ask for it!

At this moment, in the depths of the fog, on a lake with a radius of ten thousand miles.

At this moment, Jiyang's body has both feet on the lake, like walking on the ground!

I saw the corpses of tens of thousands of monsters floating in the lake, and the entire lake was stained red with blood.

Those were all slaughtered by the polar body!

Along the way, he killed many invisible monsters and gained a lot of judgment value!

When he passed this big lake, he even discovered a monster's lair, which contained a god-level monster and tens of thousands of true god-level monsters.

Ji Yang's body killed it in one breath, and gained a lot of judgment value!

His vocation level was also promoted to level 81!

At this point, he took out the Secret Realm token and checked his points information.

[Player]: Qin Feng (Jiyang body)

【Stage】: Climbing through the fog

[Holy Land Points]: 137 points

[Reminder: At this stage, 2 god-king monsters have been killed]

"Not bad! 137 points!"

The anode body showed a satisfied smile.

He can get so many points, in addition to killing god-king monsters, he also killed dozens of players!

Along the way, he met many players.

In this fiercely competitive environment, Ji Yang's body will naturally not be soft-hearted, and will kill all those players!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Killing players is the main way to get points!

Of course, what Ji Yang is more satisfied with is that he killed 2 god-king monsters in such a short period of time!

As long as he kills 3 more god-king monsters, he can win the bet with Emperor Zi!

Ji Yang's body still doesn't know that Zi Di and others are ambushing in front!

Emperor Zi also didn't know that Ji Yang's body had killed two god-king monsters.

He couldn't even kill one!

Thinking of this, Jiyang body put away the token!

"Huh! That is"

Suddenly, his expression changed slightly, and he suddenly raised his head and looked forward.

He sensed that there were violent energy fluctuations, and it was obvious that someone was fighting there.

Just then, his voice chat channel rang.

This foggy area prohibits communication, but does not prohibit the chat channel of Longyuan City.

Therefore, Qin Feng opened a private chat channel with his confidants.

At this moment, Di Jiang's hurried voice came from the voice channel!

"Dad! I was attacked!"

Ji Yang's body was suddenly shocked and angry!

Swish~!

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of the energy fluctuation.

Obviously, there is the direction that Di Jiang and people are fighting!

At the same moment, three million miles away, an exciting fight is taking place!

In the field, a five- or six-year-old child was being besieged by a black-faced old man and a bald-headed man.

That child is Di Jiang!

Looking at the black-faced old man and the bald-headed man, they were all amazing, and they were all at the peak level of the Lord God.

Dijiang's combat power is only 1.2 billion stars, and has just reached the peak level of the main god.

With his strength, how could he resist the siege of the peak of the two main gods.

At this moment, he was killed and retreated, and the situation was critical!

In fact, the old man and the bald man became more and more frightened as they fought!

They were passing by here and happened to encounter Di Jiang.

Seeing that they were just a child in the False God realm, they wanted to kill him with one palm!

Unexpectedly, the result made their jaw drop!

Just this child in the False God Realm, his combat power has reached the peak of the Lord God!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it at all!

Of course, these two were not from District 2.

Otherwise, they would not dare to attack Di Jiang easily.

"Brother, this kid is weird!"

At this moment, the bald man muttered softly.

No matter what he thinks, Di Jiang is in the False God realm.

Killing a player with 3.8 False Gods can only get 1 point!

The point is, this False God Realm is not easy to kill at all!

At this thought, the bald man felt depressed, and some wanted to give up.

The black-faced old man said fiercely: "Brother, this kid is a master! And we have already offended him, so we can't let him go! Lest he retaliate later!"

The bald man was startled: "That's right!"

As soon as the words fell, the two of them stepped up their attacks, no longer hiding their secrets, and they all attacked and killed with all their strength.

Di Jiang was killed immediately, and the situation was getting worse and worse.

Seeing this scene, both the old man and the man showed joy!

According to this progress, it will be a matter of time before they kill this little baby.

At this moment, Di Jiang roared anxiously: "You two fight one! It's shameless! When my father comes, I will never let you go!"

The old man laughed: "Haha! Little guy, you're still thinking about finding your father! It's too late!"

As soon as these words fell, an icy voice sounded above everyone's heads!

"Who said it's too late?!"

Hearing this, the old man and the bald man were all shocked!

The two quickly looked up and saw a handsome and noble young man standing in the air, overlooking them!

"dad!"

When Di Jiang saw the person, he was immediately surprised!

Chapter 864 The vision is the same! Sneak a glimpse of the enemy!

The person who came is the body of Jiyang!

dad? !

But the old man was shocked when he heard Di Jiang's cry!

This little baby's strength is comparable to the peak of the Lord God!

Will his father be stronger?

With this in mind, the old man hurriedly looked away at Jiyang's body.

Looking at it, he found that the extreme yang body is the virtual **** realm!

He suddenly let out a sigh of relief!

The bald man beside him also breathed a sigh of relief.

He thinks the same way as the old man.

Fortunately, this child's father is only in the False God Realm!

No matter how strong a False God realm can be, how strong can it go?

At most, it is the same as his children, and it is the strength of the Lord God's peak.

Such strength, they are not afraid!

Thinking of this, the bald man said proudly: "Haha! I thought your father was a strong man, but it turned out to be a False God..."

Swish~!

Before these words were finished, Ji Yang's body was slashed with a sword!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

The sea of ​​fog surged!

The man and the old man didn't even have time to scream, they were cut into four pieces by a sword, and they died on the spot!

In the next second, the corpses of the two were automatically turned into blood mist and dissipated in the air!

There were two black secret tokens left in place!

The spike was successful!

Ji Yang's body made a move, and two tokens fell into his hands.