Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the token started, it automatically turned into two golden rays, pouring into his body

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[You killed a main **** realm player and got his token, you get 10 holy land points! 】

[You killed a player in the 19th realm of the main god, and got his token, you get 10 Holy Land points! 】

20 more points!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

He now has 157 points.

I'm afraid that the bald man and the old man did not expect that their trip to the Holy Land would end like this.

"dad!"

At this time, Di Jiang excitedly ran to Ji Yang's body.

"Is the little guy alright?"

Ji Yang's body fondly touched the little guy's head.

"I'm fine! Dad, you are amazing! You killed those two guys with one sword!"

The little guy looked at Jiyang body with admiration on his face.

Ji Yang's body smiled: "It's just killing two main gods! You advance to the chaotic space!"

"Um!"

The little guy nodded excitedly.

Once he entered his father's chaotic space, he didn't have to roam around.

As long as Dad finds the land of the gods, it means that he has also found it, which can be said to be a huge profit!

This secret realm must be the person holding the token in order to be teleported in.

As for how the players act after entering, Tiandao will not interfere.

Therefore, Qin Feng can take all his subordinates into the chaotic space and take them to the land of the gods.

Thinking of this, Jiyang's body will take Dijiang into the chaotic space

"That's right! Dad, that Purple Emperor has wagered against you! He is a mid-stage God King!"

Di Jiang thought of this again, and his tone was full of worry.

He didn't quite know what his father's strength was.

It's really that Qin Feng's progress is too fast, and has been far beyond the expectations of his subordinates.

"Little guy, don't worry! Dad has a way to deal with him!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and comforted.

To be honest, he really didn't take Zidi seriously.

Di Jiang was delighted: "That's good! Dad, I knew you were better than him!"

Ji Yang's body smiles without saying a word!

The next second, he waved his hand and took Di Jiang into the chaotic space.

After doing this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Dijiang is finally safe!

Next, he had to find Jumang and Xiaoluan'er.

correct!

Before that, he had to deal with the trouble of Emperor Zi!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang raised his head slightly and looked at the position of Emperor Zi.

The red light spot representing the Purple Emperor stayed in place without any movement.

Look at the distance between the two sides, but it is only 200 million miles.

"Strange! Why does Emperor Zi keep standing still? What the **** is he doing?"

Jiyang body muttered in his heart.

I don't want so much anymore!

He has to rush over and take a look!

As for finding Jumang and Xiaoluan'er, it can be handled by the very yin body.

In fact, the very negative body has already begun to act

"Hey~! This is"

Suddenly, Ji Yang's body sensed something, turned his head suddenly, and looked in a certain direction

That is exactly the direction of the polar yin body!

In the next second, a happy expression appeared on the face of Ji Yang's body.

It turns out that the extreme yin body also has a new harvest!

Ji Yang's body smiled.

He didn't stop for a while, then turned around and hurried towards the location of Emperor Zi...

At the same moment, deep in the thick fog, at the foot of a volcano.

The extremely yin body looked at the magma pool in front of him with joy.

I saw that in the magma pool, a monster with a body that was thousands of feet long, like a dragon and a dragon, had been split into two halves.

At this moment, a golden light group was flying out from the dried corpse.

If you look closely, you can see a miniature dragon wrapped in the light group, with a panicked expression!

That is the soul of the monster!

Just now, the extreme yin body slashed the monster in front of him with a sword, and used the law of the inextinguishable avenue, causing the body in its corpse to perish and turn into a mummified corpse, and the body could no longer be resurrected.

The body is dead!

The soul is not dead!

At this moment, the soul of the monster escaped from the corpse in a panic, trying to escape...

"Can you escape?"

The very yin body sneered, then stepped behind the soul body and grabbed it...

Om~!

At that moment, the palm of the extreme yin body released a golden light that reached the sky!

The invisible power of the soul, instantly sealed the group of souls, making it unable to move.

After the seal was finished, the extreme yin body grabbed the soul body.

However, instead of pinching it, he looked at the soul body in the light group with a smile on his face.

I saw a miniature Flood Dragon trapped in the light group, which has been banned and cannot move, and its pupils are full of fear.

Judging from the strength of the soul it exudes, this is suddenly a monster in the early days of the God King!

"Congratulations to the master for taking it down!"

At this moment, a surprise voice sounded behind the extremely yin body.

That was the voice of Yu Xuanji!

The very negative body smiled and turned back. Look at Yu Xuanji.

"The monsters in this area have finally been dealt with! Go back to the Chaos Space first!"

"Yes!"

Yu Xuanji respectfully took orders.

It turned out that the location of the subordinates had been calculated before the body of Jiyang.

The extreme yin body naturally knows the position of Yu Xuanji.

He also rushed towards Yu Xuanji.

Along the way, the extreme yin body has also killed a large number of monsters, as well as dozens of players.

Before he knew it, his points reached 113 points!

When he came to the vicinity of this volcano, he and Yu Xuanji met.

It was in this place that the very yin body encountered a monster in the early days of the **** king - the fire jade dragon!

"Hey! Master, won't you kill this Fire Jade Flood Dragon?"

At this time, Yu Xuanji suddenly discovered that the extreme yin body only sealed the soul body of the fire jade dragon, but did not kill it.

The soul body is immortal, if the monster is not dead, then you won't get points!

The very yin body smiled slightly: "I have another use!"

"Oh!"

Yu Xuanji responded, not daring to ask more.

The very yin body didn't say much, and with a wave of his hand, he took Yu Xuanji into the chaotic space.

The two main bodies share a chaotic space.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This is also a wonderful use!

When Yu Xuanji entered the chaotic space, the very yin body was also relieved.

Another subordinate is safe!

Next, he is going to find Qiyue!

According to the previous divination calculations, Qiyue is in the northwest direction near him!

Thinking of this, the very yin body glanced at the soul body of the 'Fire Jade Flood Dragon' in his hand, and stuffed it into the chaotic space.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of Qiyue.

Meanwhile, another place. Ji Yang's body is moving towards the position of Emperor Zi, rushing to the top

The distance between the two sides is getting closer!

In a blink of an eye, the two sides are only 150 million miles apart.

At this moment, Ji Yang's body seemed to sense something and immediately stopped.

Then, when he turned his palm over, a white light flashed in his palm, and a golden light group appeared.

I saw that in the golden light group, a miniature Flood Dragon was banned. It was the Fire Jade Flood Dragon Soul Body that was caught by the Extreme Yin Body!

As soon as he saw the Flood Dragon Soul Body, Ji Yang's body showed a happy expression!

The next second, his palm squeezed suddenly!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The dragon's soul body was suddenly crushed, instantly transformed into countless stars, and began to disappear everywhere...

The poor Fire Jade Flood Dragon, unable to make 313 screams, was killed on the spot!

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew out of those starlights and poured into the body of Jiyang...

[You succeeded in killing the Fire Jade Flood Dragon (Early Stage of the God King), obtaining +1017 trillion energy points, +9993 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the Fire Jade Flood Dragon (early stage of God King), and 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (incomplete state) exploded]

[You successfully killed the Fire Jade Flood Dragon (early stage of the God King) and gained 30 Holy Land Points]

Got another 30 points!

2 more treasure chests!