Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Jiyang body happily put away the treasure chest in front of him!

In this way, he has a Taoist treasure chest, a Chaos treasure chest (complete state), and 6 Chaos treasure chests (incomplete state).

It turns out that the extreme yin body does not kill the ‘Huoyun Jiaolong’, so that the extreme yang body can kill it!

According to the rules of heaven, killing the soul is the real killing!

In this way, Jiyang's body has killed 3 god-king monsters, and there are only 2 left to win the bet!

For such a record, Jiyang Ontology is very satisfied!

In other words, this is the two major bodies joining forces to bet against the Purple Emperor, and they are cheating at the same time.

I'm afraid no one will think of Qin Feng's two main bodies. Resources can be exchanged through chaotic spaces.

"There's still two more! I wonder if you can get it all together before meeting the Purple Emperor?"

Ji Yang's body smiled and continued to rush towards the place where Emperor Zi was located.

At this moment, in the depths of the mist, in that hidden valley.

The gathering of Emperor Zi and others finally came to an end.

At this moment, a dozen people gathered in the valley.

Emperor Zi looked around the crowd, his face full of joy.

In front of him, there are Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, six early **** kings, ten quasi **** kings, and a man wearing a green python robe.

That man was called the Mang Emperor, a powerful mid-term **** king, and also a helper who was recruited by Cheng Huang.

There is no Heavenly Praying Talisman in the hands of the Mang Emperor!

His encounter with Zi Di and others was purely accidental!

In the eyes of Zidi and the others, this is God's help to peep into the realm of the gods!

With a strong man like the Mang Emperor joining in, it would be easier for them to kill Qin Feng.

It's time for them to go

Chapter 865 Victory over the enemy! Strip the avenue!

Thinking of this, Emperor Zi said to everyone: "Everyone, let's go!"

Everyone rejoices!

They couldn't wait.

Emperor Jin even stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Brother Zi, I'm afraid Qin Feng didn't expect the child, we would have so many people looking for him! If I waited to shoot together, I would definitely be able to meet each other and kill him to scum. "

Emperor Zi said with a smug smile: "Of course! With our combined power, even the threshold of the peak of the **** king can't be resisted, let alone that Qin Feng! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Emperor Zi led the way.

Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang and others followed closely behind.

In this way, a group of people slaughtered the body of Jiyang in a mighty manner.

With the actions of Zidi and others, the distance between the two sides began to shorten rapidly...

Ten minutes later, the two sides were only 30 million miles away.

At this moment, Emperor Zi and his party passed through a plain.

The plain area was covered with large tracts of spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual fruits, all of which were above the high-grade **** rank.

Zi Di and the others are overjoyed!

Immediately, after the group killed its guardian beast, they were ready to mine spiritual plants!

Emperor Zi's eyes were quick, and he immediately landed in front of a spirit fruit.

It was a fiery red spirit fruit, the size of a pigeon egg, exuding a very attractive fragrance.

[Tianfeng blood fruit: the best god-level, spiritual plant]

"This is the spiritual fruit of the best god-level! It should be the most valuable spiritual plant in this plain! Fortunately, my eyes are fast!"

At this moment, Emperor Zi thought with joy.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The movement in his hand was faster, and he directly grabbed the phoenix blood fruit that day...

But just at his fingertips, when he was about to touch the spiritual fruit, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

An invisible force of devouring instantly covered the entire plain!

In the next breath, that day, the phoenix blood fruit quickly withered into a dark red dried fruit at a speed visible to the naked eye. It automatically rolled down from the branches and fell into a pile of dust!

Zi Di was dumbfounded!

In less than a second, the Tianfeng blood fruit turned into nothingness in front of his eyes!

"This... what's going on here?"

"Damn!"

"My spirit flower!"

It was at this moment that the startled roars of Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang and others came from all around!

Zi Di looked up quickly and was dumbfounded again!

I saw spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits all withered and died in a radius of thousands of miles!

Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang, and the others all stared at the dead spiritual plant in front of them with a startled expression!

Obviously, they also got nothing!

After a while, this area became lifeless, and not a single spiritual plant survived!

This scene shocked Zi Di in the bottom of his heart!

what happened?

What exactly is going on?

correct!

It seems that the invisible power of devouring has made a ghost before!

Zidi thought of something in an instant, and he looked up quickly and looked at the source of the swallowing power...

what!

This source direction seems to be where Qin Feng is!

At this moment, light and shadow flashed next to Emperor Zi!

Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, and Emperor Mang gathered together one after another!

"Brother Zi, the spiritual plants in this area seem to have been sucked away by someone in an instant!"

"Not only this area! Even the spiritual plants in the outer periphery are being absorbed by others!" "

Jindi and several people talked one after another.

Emperor Zi nodded slightly: "The old man sensed it too! By the way, did you just sense it? That invisible force of devouring spread from the front. Wherever the force of devouring passed, all spiritual plants withered away. !"

The Mang Emperor quickly echoed: "Mang also sensed it! The source of the swallowing power seems to be where Qin Feng is!"

Emperor Jin was shocked and angry: "Could it be that Qin Feng did all this?"

Emperor Zi took a deep breath: "It's very possible! That little thief is very weird!"

Emperor Jin was furious: "Damn it! That little thief actually ruined my chance at this moment! Let's go! Let's slaughter him quickly!"

"As it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, Zi Di and his party angrily killed them!

This time, they all marched at full speed, hoping to meet Qin Feng earlier and kill him!

At this moment, in the depths of the fog, on a certain hill.

A human-shaped black hole is frantically swallowing the Qi of Origin rushing from all directions...

For a long time, all the devouring is over!

The human-shaped black hole gradually dissipated the black light, revealing a handsome figure, which is the body of Jiyang!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

"It's a good harvest this time! Another 300 million miles of spiritual plants have been swallowed up!"

The anode body smiled.

With just such a devouring, he exploded his 210 million star combat power, which was more than the first devouring harvest.

Now, he intends to carry out a carpet devouring.

Every time it crosses the 300 million star land, it will be swallowed once.

If swallowed like this, his strength will continue to improve, and it feels good to think about it!

what!

Purple Emperor actually accelerated!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body found that the red light spot representing the Purple Emperor moved quickly!

In such a short time, the distance between the two sides has narrowed to more than 20 million miles!

Ji Yang's body smiled and didn't care.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the momentum of his whole body soared again!

The polar body was stunned for a moment!

Immediately, he smiled again.

After a while, his aura skyrocketed to the extreme, and he suddenly increased his combat power by 190 million stars!

In this way, his combat power has increased to 62.7 billion stars.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body flashed and rushed to the position of Emperor Zi...

It didn't take long for him to hear the sound of breaking air coming from all directions.

Ji Yang's body quickly spread out his consciousness and swept away...

After this scan, he found that dozens of monsters were rushing towards him.

Obviously, he devoured so many spiritual plants and attracted the revenge of many monsters!

Ji Yang's body smiled and met those monsters directly!

In this way, he turned on the killing mode again...

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

Di Jiang and Yu Xuanji stood in the air, looking ahead...

A light curtain appeared in front of the two of them.

The light curtain is full of white fog.

Under the fog, there are large withered spiritual plants...

What the two of Di Jiang saw was the situation in the outside world.

It turned out that after the Chaos Space was promoted to the advanced level, the Chaos Horizon could be opened.

That is, the creatures in the chaotic space can see the situation of the outside world.

Of course, this requires Qin Feng to take the initiative to help open it, so that the creatures in the chaotic space can see the situation outside.

Di Jiang and Yu Xuanji have their horizons opened!

At this moment, the two of them are looking at Jiyang's body with joy, killing all kinds of monsters along the way, and occasionally encountering some unsightly players...

huh~!

At this moment, a flash of white light flashed next to the two of them!