Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A youthful and beautiful figure appeared out of thin air!

"Hey! Sister Qiyue!"

Di Jiang looked at the visitor in surprise.

The person here is Qiyue!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It turned out that Qiyue had just met the extremely yin body, and was sent into the chaotic space by the extremely yin body.

"Great! Yue'er, you have joined us too!"

Yu Xuanji showed a sweet smile.

Qiyue also said happily: "I was being chased by a monster in the main **** realm just now! Fortunately, I met the master, otherwise I would suffer."

Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "You'll be fine! Now, the three of us are together, and there are still five people left behind."

Qiyue nodded: "With the strength of the lamp, there will be no problem. Unless you encounter monsters and players above the middle stage of the **** king. I'm worried about the Jumang four!"

Yu Xuanji also worried: "Yeah! I'm also worried about the four of them! I hope the master can find them sooner!"

Hearing this, Qi Yue nodded silently.

With the strength of the four Jumang people, without Qin Feng's protection, there is a great risk of elimination.

They are naturally worried!

"Hey! Two sisters! Look! Dad seems to have encountered a god-king monster!"

At this moment, Di Jiang's cry of surprise sounded again in the field.

The two women quickly raised their heads and looked at the light curtain in front of them.

In the light curtain, a head of a thousand meters tall, covered with golden hair, looks like an ape, but has two heads and four arms.

Judging from his demeanor and the light of the God Wheel behind his head, it really is a real god-king-level monster!

Qi Yue suddenly raised her heart to her throat!

In her opinion, any god-king monster is extremely terrifying!

I don't know how long it will take the master to kill this monster?

Qi Yue couldn't help but have this thought in her heart.

She hasn't seen her master take action for a long time!

Swish~!

At this moment, a sword light blazing through the sky lit up in the light curtain, extremely dazzling!

The anode body is out!

Kacha~!

Another invisible crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The terrifying god-king monster was split by a sword and turned into two halves!

In the next second, the corpse of the monster disintegrated automatically, and was instantly killed by a sword!

Qi Yue was dumbfounded!

The master is amazing!

He became much stronger again, far exceeding her expectations!

Just at the moment, in the secret realm.

Ji Yang's body looked at the blood mist in front of him with joy...

The next second, a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into his body...

[You successfully killed the two-headed ape (early stage of the king of gods), and obtained +1049 trillion points of energy, +10,000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the two-headed ape (early stage of the **** king), and 2 chaotic treasure chests were exploded (incomplete state)]

[You successfully killed the two-headed ape (early stage of the **** king) and obtained 30 Holy Land points]

【Your level is promoted to level 88】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 82 Judgment Supreme (primary Hongmeng)]

...

Extremely positive body rejoice!

This time, the level and vocation have been upgraded!

Also got 30 Holy Land Points!

As a result, his points accumulated to 206 points.

This is a very good result!

In less than an hour since the start of the game, he has scored more than 200 points.

As for the other players, most of them are still 0 points!

Even by Huang and Dixun, the points did not exceed 30 points.

In order to kill Ji Yang's body, Zi Di and others wasted a lot of time.

They are basically 0 points!

Thinking of this, Jiyang body put away two treasure chests with satisfaction.

As a result, he has 8 treasure chests in his hand.

"." Haha! The Purple Emperor is finally here!"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body noticed that the red light spot representing the Purple Emperor was only 10,000 miles away from him.

The distance of thousands of miles is just within the scanning range of his consciousness.

Boom~!

Immediately, Ji Yang's body released his divine consciousness and swept away towards the Purple Emperor!

In just a split second, his consciousness swept across thousands of miles...

In the next second, his expression changed slightly!

He saw Emperor Zi, as well as Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang and others.

It's hard to deal with so many people joining forces!

If he wants to kill them all, the difficulty is even more extreme.

Chapter 866 The soldiers are divided into three groups! Kill ten people in a row!

In this way, Jiyang's body dived towards Zidi and others...

In just a moment, he hastened for seven hundred miles and came to a mine.

That mine is full of messy boulders!

There are many rare crystal ore in it, exuding a faint golden luster.

A cursory look at Jiyang's body reveals that there are crystal ore of low-grade god-rank and middle-rank god-rank, which are also considered rare...

This misty secret realm is itself a treasure trove of resources.

There are all kinds of treasures hidden in it, and all kinds of opportunities are hidden!

However, now is not the time to collect crystal ore.

Ji Yang's body looked around, then dodged and hid behind a huge rock.

Only then did he hide his figure, and there was a rapid break-empty sound in front of him!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In just a moment, the sound of breaking the air from far to near!

Four figures rushed to the mining area one after another...

The leader is the Purple Emperor!

At this moment, Emperor Zi's face was hideous, his eyes were blood red, and the depths of his eyes were filled with boundless anger!

There were three people behind him, it was Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, and Emperor Mang.

"Hey! There are minerals here..."

"That's a low-grade god-level star crystal!"

As soon as the four arrived, they saw crystal mines everywhere!

Emperor Xuan and Emperor Mang's eyes lit up, and they were a little moved.

Zidi hurriedly said: "You two, these are middle-grade and low-grade crystal mines, and they are not so valuable! I'll hurry over and kill Qin Feng Xiaoer! Don't let him run away!"

Emperor Jin also agreed: "That's right! Qin Feng's child is six or seven hundred miles ahead! Wait for us to kill him! It's not too late to mine again!"

Emperor Xuan and Emperor Mang felt that there was some truth to it!

The most important thing at the moment is to encircle and suppress the main body of Jiyang!

If you miss this time, it will be difficult to find the polar body next time!

They must not miss this opportunity!

At the moment, the four of them continued to rush forward...

In the next second, they passed by the boulder where the polar body was hiding.

They didn't find out at all that the polar body was hidden just a short distance away!

This is the magical effect of the 'Silent Body'!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body was holding his breath, watching the four of them silently, and didn't intend to do anything...

In the blink of an eye, the four Zidi left the mine.

Ji Yang's body silently watched the backs of the four of them, until the four of them walked away!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

It was at this moment that there were several bursts of air rushing in!

Ji Yang's body hurriedly followed the reputation and saw six figures arriving!

It was the six early-stage God King players!

These six people are people who spy on God's Domain!

"Hey! A lot of star crystals!"

"There are also some who are middle-rank gods!"

"Tsk tsk! These are treasures!"

When the six of them saw the mountains full of minerals, they were all amazed.

Then, someone said: "Everyone, let's collect a few pieces first!"

"It's not good! The four adults of Emperor Zi are killing the enemy. If I wait for the mining here to delay things, I'm afraid I will be punished!"

Another person said in a worried tone.

"This…"

At the moment, the six of them looked at each other and looked a little struggling.

These Star Death Crystals are of decent value to the mid-term God King!

But for the early days of their **** king, the value was extremely precious, so they had to be moved!

"That's it! That's it! These crystal mines can be collected again later! But the matter of killing Qin Feng is fleeting! I can't wait for the big event!"

"That's right! Let's go!"

The six people struggled for a while, and finally gave up mining.