Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Afterwards, the six of them reluctantly left.

The polar body is hidden in the dark, and still no action...

After a while, the sound of rapid air breaking came from the front!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, ten figures appeared in the field, and it was the ten quasi-god king players!

The anode body finally showed a smile.

He was waiting for these ten people!

Everything is as he expected!

This group of people is in a hurry to kill him, and they will definitely kill him at full speed to where he was before...

The four Divine Kings of the Purple Emperor are powerful in the middle stage, and their speed is definitely the fastest.

The second is the early stage power of the six gods!

After that, there are ten quasi-god kings in front of him.

Three realms! Three speeds!

Before you know it, the group dispersed.

This point, I am afraid that Zi Di and others did not think of it.

He just wanted to take advantage of the speed difference to catch Zi Di and the others in one go!

"Wow~! There are so many star crystals!"

"Haha! Get rich! We got rich!"

When the ten quasi-god kings saw the mountains full of crystal mines, they were immediately excited.

At this time, someone said: "Everyone, we still have the task of killing Qin Feng, these crystal mines..."

Before he finished speaking, he was interrupted directly.

"What are you doing! Let's mine first! Besides, with the strength of our ten quasi-god kings, we can't help a lot in the past, so it's better to mine some mines first!"

"That's right! It doesn't matter if there are ten of us involved! Besides, with the strength of the four Zidi people and the initial help of the six god-kings, Qin Feng's little thief is dead! We don't need our help at all! "

"In that case, let's mine first!"

"Haha! That's how it should be!"

As soon as the voice fell, the ten quasi-god kings were ready to mine with excitement...

At the moment when their hearts relaxed, a mutation suddenly occurred!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw ten energy lightsabers suddenly shot out from behind a boulder, and shot at ten people with lightning speed!

"This is…"

The ten people immediately noticed it, and turned their heads one after another, and saw a golden lightsaber rushing towards them, and it continued to enlarge in front of their eyes!

The ten people were terrified!

Annoyingly bad!

But it's too late!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

A series of penetrating sounds!

Blood and brains splatter again and again!

In just an instant, the ten lightsabers penetrated the heads of ten people!

Even the soul bodies in their sea of ​​consciousness were destroyed in one fell swoop!

In the next second, the ten quasi-god kings widened their eyes in horror and fell back slowly...

Until they died, they didn't see who made the shot, let alone scream!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Another series of muffled noises!

Ten corpses fell heavily!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body walked out from behind the boulder, and his face was full of satisfaction.

His sneak attack this time can be said to be silent!

At least the six **** kings two hundred miles ahead did not notice it!

At this moment, the corpses of the ten people automatically turned into blood mist and began to dissipate...

These ten players who spy on God's Domain were eliminated from the competition!

After a while, only 10 secret tokens were left in place!

As soon as Ji Yang's body waved his hand, he sucked 10 tokens into his hands...

Those tokens turned into golden light and poured into his body...

[You kill a quasi-god king player and get his token, you get 30 Holy Land Points]

[You kill a prepared player and get his token, you get 30 Holy Land Points]

...

In just a moment, Jiyang body has accumulated 3 points!

If you add the existing points, his score reaches 529 points!

Afterwards, Ji Yang’s body held another seal, sending ten invisible devouring powers forward…

[Luck swallowed successfully! You absorb all the luck of 'Ripple', your luck value +32 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You absorb all the luck of 'Wushen', your luck value +34 times]

·

...

In the blink of an eye, Ji Yang's body completely devoured the luck of the ten people.

This makes him very satisfied!

I'm afraid that the ten people never dreamed that after being eliminated this time, even if they were resurrected, they would lose all their luck.

This invisible loss can be described as huge!

In just a while, Qin Feng's luck value reached 9820 times the value, which is 180 times worse than 10,000 times!

When his luck value reaches 10,000 times, Qin Feng's second title can be promoted to the ultimate master of destiny!

correct!

As long as you kill the six Divine King Chu Chu and Zidi and others, isn't the luck worth enough!

Ji Yang's body looked up at the direction of Zi Di and the others, and his heart was hot...

In addition, after the air luck reaches 10,000 times, he can open the 'Dao-level treasure chest'.

At that time, 1% of the avenues will be available!

The device of the road!

The world has a number!

Even if the eternal realm exists, it may not be able to have it!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body flashed away and killed the six early-stage god-king masters...

He can't wait now, and wants to kill those six people!

At the same time, the six early God King players were rushing forward...

They want to join up with Zidi and the others as soon as possible!

"Five, do you feel that there seems to be a strange energy fluctuation in the back, and there are some heavy objects landing!"

At this moment, among the six, an old man in blue robe with gray hair couldn't help but speak.

"Uh~! Brother Lan, did you sense it wrong? I didn't sense it!"

"Yeah! I didn't feel it either!"

The other two Divine Kings were very powerful in their early stages, but they were puzzled.

They didn't sense anything unusual.

The remaining three great powers also looked at each other face to face and did not speak.

The blue-robed old man frowned: "Is this old man really wrong?"

He is the peak power of the **** king in the early stage, and his strength is the strongest among the six.

If others can't sense movement, it doesn't mean he can't sense it!

"Brother He, your divine sense is stronger than ours! Why don't you use your divine sense to detect it!"

A mighty proposal!

"That's right!"

Boom~!

As soon as the blue-robed old man's mind moved, he released his divine sense and probed behind him!

In just an instant, his consciousness swept across a radius of 300 miles, just in time to scan the mine...

It's just that the mine is empty, and there are no suspicious figures!

He didn't even see the polar body!

The polar body is blessed by the body of annihilation, so the old man can't detect it naturally.

"Am I really suspicious?"

The old man murmured and was about to withdraw his consciousness...

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, his consciousness scanned the ground of the mining area and found that there were many bloodstains left!

Bloodstains? !

How can there be blood?!

When he passed through the mining area before, he didn't find those bloodstains at all!

The old man suddenly felt something was wrong!

But before he could think about it, the roar of Emperor Zi came from the other side!

"Child Qin Feng! Come out for the deity! Come out!"

It turned out that Zi Di and the others had already arrived at the location, but they did not find any trace of Ji Yang's body.

He suddenly roared with rage!

And his roar also alarmed the six old people!

"Brother He! Let's go! Lord Zidi has gone crazy over there!"

Seeing that Emperor Zi was angry, the six did not dare to delay, and hurried to the direction of Emperor Zi.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The blue-robed old man didn't even think about the bloodstain!

But at the moment when the six people turned around and rushed on their way, a figure quietly appeared behind the six people!

The person who came is the body of Jiyang... small.

Chapter 867 Half-step eternity! Bad luck!