As soon as the polar body appeared, it was immediately divided into six and became six polar Yang fission variants, each with a momentum of 500 million stars!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the next second, the six fission bodies teleported, and they arrived behind the early stage powerhouses of the six great gods.

"Hey! This is"

This change, the early powerhouses of the six gods and kings immediately felt it.

Especially the blue-robed old man, who had the fastest reaction, turned around immediately...

As soon as he turned around, he saw the fission body that was killed in front of him, and suddenly exclaimed.

"Not good! Sneak attack..."

Before the roar fell, the six fission variants shot together!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Six swords of light descended from the sky, and the momentum was shocking!

Damn~!

The old man screamed!

It was too late for him to escape!

In panic, he held up a protective mask!

Swish~!

At this moment, the lightsaber fell!

Kacha~!

That sword split the mask, and even split the old man in half!

A burst of blood splashed!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the mist!

In the other five directions, there were also shrill roars at the same time!

Those were the other five god-kings in their early stages, and they were also hacked to death at the same time!

In just one face-to-face, Ji Yang's body beheaded six early-stage great powers of God Kings, and the means can be described as thunderous!

"There are screams over there!"

"That's the screams of Lan Jin and the others!"

"It must be Qin Feng's little thief!"

"Damn it! Quickly kill it!"

At this moment, the roar of Zi Di and others came from three hundred miles away.

Obviously, the screams here completely alarmed them!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, there was a rapid air break in that direction!

The stirring clouds and mist rolled, and the world trembled!

On this side, the six fission bodies merged into one!

The polar sun itself manifests itself!

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, he took the tokens of the initial stage of the six **** kings into his hands...

The token immediately turned into golden light and poured into his body...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You killed an early God King player and got his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

[You killed an early God King player and got his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

...

In just a moment, Ji Yang's body soared by 6 points!

Tiandao also sent a reminder again...

[Holy Land Reminder: It was detected that your Holy Land points reached 1129 points, which has broken 1 point]

[Congratulations to the players for activating part of the hidden information of Holy Land Points]

【The content of the information is as follows】

[For every 1 point increase in Holy Land Points, you can get 100 million star combat power rewards, and get a pass order for the 'Nine Heavenly Temple']

[Reminder: You can only enter the 'Nine Heavens True Temple' by obtaining the pass. 】

[Reminder: The realm exceeds the real **** realm, even if there is a token, you cannot enter the Nine Heavens Temple]

[Reminder: There are hidden rewards for this point, which can only be obtained after players reach the "Land of the Gods"]

Boom~!

Hearing these prompts, Ji Yang's eyes lit up, full of surprises!

He finally knew some of the benefits of getting Holy Land points.

It turns out that by gaining points, not only can you get combat power rewards, but you can also get the pass of the 'Jiutian Zhen Temple'!

Especially that pass, which is so important to him!

If he wants to obtain the divine position in the Holy Land and be promoted to the real **** realm, he must obtain those pass orders.

Knew it!

Jiutianzhen Temple is not easy to enter.

In this case, he needs to get eight tokens!

Because not only he needs it, but Dijiang, Jumang, Xiaoluaner, Yuxuanji, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi all need it.

In this way, he and the extreme yin body must accumulate more than 8 points in order to obtain 8 pass orders!

At present, he has only 1129 points in his hands, and only 316 points in the extremely negative body, which is a huge gap.

Looks like he has to work hard!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air in the distance is getting closer.

Ji Yang looked up and saw that the four of Zidi had been killed within a hundred miles!

At such a close distance, Jiyang's body can see each other even without the need to scan with divine sense...

War is about to break out!

Ji Yang's body didn't dare to take it lightly, so he quickly picked up a seal and activated his luck to swallow...

The invisible power of devouring immediately enveloped the audience!

In the next second, the six invisible powers of luck poured into the body of Jiyang's body...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of 'Cangjin', your luck value +116 times...]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of ‘Zhong Gong’, your luck value +113 times…]

...

Om~!

Suddenly, the Qi Luck of Ji Yang's body soared wildly!

At this moment, something is also happening outside the Holy Land.

At this moment, outside the Holy Land, in the depths of the universe, prying into the Divine Realm.

He Jin and the other six **** kings in the early stage all looked up at the sky above the starry sky with grief and indignation.

I saw that above the starry sky, there was a huge door of light, which was closed.

That is the entrance to the second floor of the Holy Land!

The six of them have just been eliminated, and their hearts are naturally sad and angry!

However, the six of them really did not expect that the strength of Ji Yang's body was so terrifying!

Just one face-to-face kills them!

This kind of strength is absolutely impossible to achieve in the middle stage of the God King, and even the peak of the God King is extremely difficult to achieve.

Thinking of this, the six members of He Jin suddenly felt bad!

At this moment, an aura that covered the sky and the earth rose from the back of the six people.

The six people were alarmed, and they turned around to look, and saw a projection of a god-man that was boundless, appearing behind the six people.

That projection is actually hundreds of times larger than a galaxy, and the planet is as small as gravel in front of him!

In front of him, the six people are even smaller than the dust!

At this moment, the projection is sitting cross-legged.

Looking carefully, his hair is like a vortex circling on his forehead, his face is like a Buddha but not a Buddha, neither happy nor angry, his eyes are slightly closed.

Seeing the projection, He Jin and the other six **** kings hurriedly stepped forward to pay their respects in a very respectful tone!

"I've been waiting to see Venerable Jie Yin!"

Hearing this, the projection slowly opened his eyes.

As soon as he opened his eyes, a scene of disillusionment of the stars was born in his eyes, as if billions of years passed by in an instant.

The breath emanating from his body is immortal!

He Jin and the six people were amazed!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

This is half-step eternal existence!

Half-step eternity and the peak of the king of gods seem to be only one realm apart, but the difference in strength is the difference between clouds and mud!

No matter how strong the peak of the **** king, in front of the half-step eternity, he can only be killed by one finger!

At least the six people from He Jin have never heard of that god-king peak powerhouse who can hold a round in the hands of Half-step Eternal.

You must know that the weakest half-step eternal, the combat power has also reached 1 trillion stars.

The combat power range of the peak of the God King is only 400 million to 800 million stars.

Among them, the excellent ones are only 100 million stars!

"You six also failed?"

At this time, Venerable Jie Yin slowly opened his mouth.

Its voice is neither happy nor angry, and it echoes slowly in the starry sky, which is shocking!

The six people are embarrassed!

"Go back to Tianzun! The six of us were eliminated in advance! However, we also got some useful information about the inheritor of Judgment God's Domain, named Qin Feng, and we still remember his appearance!"

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "This information is available! I will lead you to see Da Jitian. Maybe Da Jitian can deduce the approximate location of Qin Feng's lair based on the information!"

After a pause, Venerable Jie Yin asked again: "Can't you collect a drop of Qin Feng's blood essence? If you can collect it, Da Jitian can use his blood essence to find his old lair, not the general direction!"

He Jin smiled bitterly: "I am ashamed! I have nothing to gain! However, Lord Zi and Jin are about to meet him. Even if those two adults are not his opponents, they should be able to take a drop of blood from their body!"

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "It's so wonderful!"

As soon as the voice fell, he closed his eyes again!

The starry sky swayed for a while, and the projection that received the Venerable also disappeared.

The six He Jin also turned into white light and disappeared into the starry sky...

At the same time, within the Holy Land.

The four people, Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, and Emperor Mang, are carrying a monstrous murderous aura and are killing the body of Jiyang...