Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The two sides are only more than fifty miles apart, and it is already visible to the naked eye!

What shocked Emperor Zi was that he had clearly seen Ji Yang's body, but he couldn't sense the fluctuations of his soul power, as if it didn't exist.

This strange method is very suitable for sneak attack and concealment!

Damn it!

This kid must have used this method before to get behind them!

It seems that he has been underestimating this little thief!

The more he thought about it, the more shocked he became!

It was at this moment that the voice transmission of Emperor Jin came from behind him.

"Brother Zi, fight against that little thief, even if you can't beat him, take a drop of his blood!"

Hearing this, Emperor Zi instantly understood Emperor Jin's intentions.

This is also the task that the Great Sacrifice Heaven gave them.

As long as you take a drop of Qin Feng's blood essence and hide it in the jade bottle they prepared, you can take it out of this holy place.

At that time, Da Jitian can use that drop of blood essence to find the foundation of Qin Feng's lair and kill it completely!

At the moment, Emperor Zi snorted coldly and said nothing!

In his opinion, how could they not be Qin Feng's opponents?

This time, he not only wants to take Qin Feng's blood, but also kill Qin Feng and kick him out of the Holy Land completely!

Immediately, Emperor Zi quickened his speed and killed towards Ji Yang's body...

It was at this moment that the polar body finally absorbed 3.8 Qi Luck!

This made his luck reach 10,520 times in one fell swoop, and finally broke ten thousand times!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came...

[It was detected that your luck value reached 10,520 times, exceeding 10,000 times the value, and your second title "Lord of Destiny" was promoted from senior to final...]

【Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! You get 3 billion star power blessing! 】

【Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! You've earned +50,000 Reputation Points! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! The upper limit of the number of times of your combat power feedback has been increased to 50,000 times]

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! Your luck has reached a half-step eternal state]

[Half-step eternal luck of luck: that is, your luck is not worn, no matter what means your opponent uses, you cannot weaken your luck]

[Reminder: From now on, you can only get luck by killing the God King or above! 】

【Reminder: When your luck value reaches 99999 times, you will enter an eternal state and get unimaginable benefits! 】

Hearing the prompt, Jiyang body is full of surprises!

Om~!

At this moment, another golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering his whole body!

In the next second, the momentum of Jiyang's body began to skyrocket!

Chapter eight hundred and sixty-eight shocking blow! Sweep the field!

As soon as the polar body appeared, it was immediately divided into six and became six polar Yang fission variants, each with a momentum of 500 million stars!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the next second, the six fission bodies teleported, and they arrived behind the early stage powerhouses of the six great gods.

"Hey! This is"

This change, the early powerhouses of the six gods and kings immediately felt it.

Especially the blue-robed old man, who had the fastest reaction, turned around immediately...

As soon as he turned around, he saw the fission body that was killed in front of him, and suddenly exclaimed.

"Not good! Sneak attack..."

Before the roar fell, the six fission variants shot together!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Six swords of light descended from the sky, and the momentum was shocking!

Damn~!

The old man screamed!

It was too late for him to escape!

In panic, he held up a protective mask!

Swish~!

At this moment, the lightsaber fell!

Kacha~!

That sword split the mask, and even split the old man in half!

A burst of blood splashed!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the mist!

In the other five directions, there were also shrill roars at the same time!

Those were the other five god-kings in their early stages, and they were also hacked to death at the same time!

In just one face-to-face, Ji Yang's body beheaded six early-stage great powers of God Kings, and the means can be described as thunderous!

"There are screams over there!"

"That's the screams of Lan Jin and the others!"

"It must be Qin Feng's little thief!"

"Damn it! Quickly kill it!"

At this moment, the roar of Zi Di and others came from three hundred miles away.

Obviously, the screams here completely alarmed them!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, there was a rapid air break in that direction!

The stirring clouds and mist rolled, and the world trembled!

On this side, the six fission bodies merged into one!

The polar sun itself manifests itself!

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, he took the tokens of the initial stage of the six **** kings into his hands...

The token immediately turned into golden light and poured into his body...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You killed an early God King player and got his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

[You killed an early God King player and got his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

...

In just a moment, Ji Yang's body soared by 6 points!

Tiandao also sent a reminder again...

[Holy Land Reminder: It was detected that your Holy Land points reached 1129 points, which has broken 1 point]

[Congratulations to the players for activating part of the hidden information of Holy Land Points]

【The content of the information is as follows】

[For every 1 point increase in Holy Land Points, you can get 100 million star combat power rewards, and get a pass order for the 'Nine Heavenly Temple']

[Reminder: You can only enter the 'Nine Heavens True Temple' by obtaining the pass. 】

[Reminder: The realm exceeds the real **** realm, even if there is a token, you cannot enter the Nine Heavens Temple]

[Reminder: There are hidden rewards for this point, which can only be obtained after players reach the "Land of the Gods"]

Boom~!

Hearing these prompts, Ji Yang's eyes lit up, full of surprises!

He finally knew some of the benefits of getting Holy Land points.

It turns out that by gaining points, not only can you get combat power rewards, but you can also get the pass of the 'Jiutian Zhen Temple'!

Especially that pass, which is so important to him!

If he wants to obtain the divine position in the Holy Land and be promoted to the real **** realm, he must obtain those pass orders.

Knew it!

Jiutianzhen Temple is not easy to enter.

In this case, he needs to get eight tokens!

Because not only he needs it, but Dijiang, Jumang, Xiaoluaner, Yuxuanji, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi all need it.

In this way, he and the extreme yin body must accumulate more than 8 points in order to obtain 8 pass orders!

At present, he has only 1129 points in his hands, and only 316 points in the extremely negative body, which is a huge gap.

Looks like he has to work hard!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air in the distance is getting closer.

Ji Yang looked up and saw that the four of Zidi had been killed within a hundred miles!

At such a close distance, Jiyang's body can see each other even without the need to scan with divine sense...

War is about to break out!

Ji Yang's body didn't dare to take it lightly, so he quickly picked up a seal and activated his luck to swallow...

The invisible power of devouring immediately enveloped the audience!

In the next second, the six invisible powers of luck poured into the body of Jiyang's body...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of 'Cangjin', your luck value +116 times...]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of ‘Zhong Gong’, your luck value +113 times…]

...

Om~!

Suddenly, the Qi Luck of Ji Yang's body soared wildly!

At this moment, something is also happening outside the Holy Land.

At this moment, outside the Holy Land, in the depths of the universe, prying into the Divine Realm.

He Jin and the other six **** kings in the early stage all looked up at the sky above the starry sky with grief and indignation.

I saw that above the starry sky, there was a huge door of light, which was closed.

That is the entrance to the second floor of the Holy Land!

The six of them have just been eliminated, and their hearts are naturally sad and angry!

However, the six of them really did not expect that the strength of Ji Yang's body was so terrifying!

Just one face-to-face kills them!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com