Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This kind of strength is absolutely impossible to achieve in the middle stage of the God King, and even the peak of the God King is extremely difficult to achieve.

Thinking of this, the six members of He Jin suddenly felt bad!

At this moment, an aura that covered the sky and the earth rose from the back of the six people.

The six people were alarmed, and they turned around to look, and saw a projection of a god-man that was boundless, appearing behind the six people.

That projection is actually hundreds of times larger than a galaxy, and the planet is as small as gravel in front of him!

In front of him, the six people are even smaller than the dust!

At this moment, the projection is sitting cross-legged.

Looking carefully, his hair is like a vortex circling on his forehead, his face is like a Buddha but not a Buddha, neither happy nor angry, his eyes are slightly closed.

Seeing the projection, He Jin and the other six **** kings hurriedly stepped forward to pay their respects in a very respectful tone!

"I've been waiting to see Venerable Jie Yin!"

Hearing this, the projection slowly opened his eyes.

As soon as he opened his eyes, a scene of disillusionment of the stars was born in his eyes, as if billions of years passed by in an instant.

The breath emanating from his body is immortal!

He Jin and the six people were amazed!

This is half-step eternal existence!

Half-step eternity and the peak of the king of gods seem to be only one realm apart, but the difference in strength is the difference between clouds and mud!

No matter how strong the peak of the **** king, in front of the half-step eternity, he can only be killed by one finger!

At least the six people from He Jin have never heard of that god-king peak powerhouse who can hold a round in the hands of Half-step Eternal.

You must know that the weakest half-step eternal, the combat power has also reached 1 trillion stars.

The combat power range of the peak of the God King is only 400 million to 800 million stars.

Among them, the excellent ones are only 100 million stars!

"You six also failed?"

At this time, Venerable Jie Yin slowly opened his mouth.

Its voice is neither happy nor angry, and it echoes slowly in the starry sky, which is shocking!

The six people are embarrassed!

"Go back to Tianzun! The six of us were eliminated in advance! However, we also got some useful information about the inheritor of Judgment God's Domain, named Qin Feng, and we still remember his appearance!"

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "This information is available! I will lead you to see Da Jitian. Maybe Da Jitian can deduce the approximate location of Qin Feng's lair based on the information!"

After a pause, Venerable Jie Yin asked again: "Can't you collect a drop of Qin Feng's blood essence? If you can collect it, Da Jitian can use his blood essence to find his old lair, not the general direction!"

He Jin smiled bitterly: "I am ashamed! I have nothing to gain! However, Lord Zi and Jin are about to meet him. Even if those two adults are not his opponents, they should be able to take a drop of blood from their body!"

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "It's so wonderful!"

As soon as the voice fell, he closed his eyes again!

The starry sky swayed for a while, and the projection that received the Venerable also disappeared.

The six He Jin also turned into white light and disappeared into the starry sky...

At the same time, within the Holy Land.

The four people, Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, Emperor Xuan, and Emperor Mang, are carrying a monstrous murderous aura and are killing the body of Jiyang...

The two sides are only more than fifty miles apart, and it is already visible to the naked eye!

What shocked Emperor Zi was that he had clearly seen Ji Yang's body, but he couldn't sense the fluctuations of his soul power, as if it didn't exist.

This strange method is very suitable for sneak attack and concealment!

Damn it!

This kid must have used this method before to get behind them!

It seems that he has been underestimating this little thief!

The more he thought about it, the more shocked he became!

It was at this moment that the voice transmission of Emperor Jin came from behind him.

"Brother Zi, fight against that little thief, even if you can't beat him, take a drop of his blood!"

Hearing this, Emperor Zi instantly understood Emperor Jin's intentions.

This is also the task that the Great Sacrifice Heaven gave them.

As long as you take a drop of Qin Feng's blood essence and hide it in the jade bottle they prepared, you can take it out of this holy place.

At that time, Da Jitian can use that drop of blood essence to find the foundation of Qin Feng's lair and kill it completely!

At the moment, Emperor Zi snorted coldly and said nothing!

In his opinion, how could they not be Qin Feng's opponents?

This time, he not only wants to take Qin Feng's blood, but also kill Qin Feng and kick him out of the Holy Land completely!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Immediately, Emperor Zi quickened his speed and killed towards Ji Yang's body...

It was at this moment that the polar body finally absorbed 3.8 Qi Luck!

This made his luck reach 10,520 times in one fell swoop, and finally broke ten thousand times!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came...

[It was detected that your luck value reached 10,520 times, exceeding 10,000 times the value, and your second title "Lord of Destiny" was promoted from senior to final...]

【Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! You get 3 billion star power blessing! 】

【Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! You've earned +50,000 Reputation Points! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! The upper limit of the number of times of your combat power feedback has been increased to 50,000 times]

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Ultimate)'! Your luck has reached a half-step eternal state]

[Half-step eternal luck of luck: that is, your luck is not worn, no matter what means your opponent uses, you cannot weaken your luck]

[Reminder: From now on, you can only get luck by killing the God King or above! 】

【Reminder: When your luck value reaches 99999 times, you will enter an eternal state and get unimaginable benefits! 】

Hearing the prompt, Jiyang body is full of surprises!

Om~!

At this moment, another golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering his whole body!

In the next second, the momentum of Jiyang's body began to skyrocket!

Chapter Eight hundred and sixty-ninth, the second bet wins! Sensational Secret Realm!

Thinking of this, Cheng Huang said: "That's it! It's time for this deity to collect points!"

Bai Cheng smiled and said: "Sir, with your strength, it is estimated that you can collect 2 points in 4 hours. As for the thief Qin Feng, I'm afraid that when the betting time is over, he will not collect 5 points!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of them smiled knowingly.

In their opinion, Ji Yang's body is just that kind of strength, and it is impossible to have more.

But before the smiles on their faces faded, there was a roar from the sky!

The entire secret realm also vibrated...

The next second, the voice of Tiandao sounded above the secret realm...

[Betting reminder: The betting between player Zi Di and player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) is over! 】

The bet is over?

Cheng Huang's smile froze instantly!

Bai Cheng is also stunned!

Without waiting for the two to think about it, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[Betting reminder: The points of the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) have been detected, and they have broken 2! Therefore, Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) won this bet! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the whole secret realm was a sensation!

Cheng Huang is even more dumbfounded!

He hasn't started yet!

How did you lose?

[Betting reminder: congratulations to the player Qin Feng for winning the 'Cut Avenue' and the 'Frost Avenue', the reward and punishment mechanism is now implemented! 】

Om~!

Before Cheng Huang Duo thought about it, a black beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped him...

The invisible power of the Great Dao quickly penetrated into his whole body...

Cheng Huang was frightened and wanted to struggle, but found that he couldn't move!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the sound of cracking was continuously heard from his body, and the severe tearing pain came from the depths of his soul...

The avenue stripping has begun again!

Cheng Huang suddenly screamed in pain!

Bai Cheng looked terrified!

In the blink of an eye, Cheng Huang was stripped of two light clusters, one silver and one white.

The silver light group is wrapped with Taiqing Daojing (cutting), which contains the cutting avenue.

The white light group is wrapped with Taiqing Daojing (Shuangjiang), which contains the avenue of frost.

huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the rays of light flashed, and the two Dao Crystals disappeared out of thin air!

The black beam of light on Cheng Huang also dissipated!

The look of pain on his face also slowly disappeared, his momentum plummeted to 900 million stars, and his spirit was even more lethargic.

Cheng Huang originally realized the three avenues.

On this trip to the Holy Land, he acquired a new avenue in the first round of opportunities, bringing the number of avenues he mastered to four.

But he didn't want to, this second round of opportunities only started, and he lost two avenues in a row.

Fortunately, his foundation is solid, and he only lost 900 million combat power, unlike the Purple Emperor who plummeted by 7 billion combat power!

Zidi lost the foundation of the Great Dao, so he fell so miserably!

Of course, Cheng Huang apparently lost 900 million combat power, but what he actually lost was not only the combat power, but also the supernatural abilities of the two great avenues!

This made his overall strength plummet by a lot! …

Meanwhile, on the other side.

The anode body is taking stock of its own points.

Now, his points have reached 2329 points, and he can obtain two pass orders for the Nine Heavens Temple.

However, what he needs is eight tokens, two is far from enough!

Om~!

At this moment, a white beam of light descended from the sky and landed in front of him...

Then, a silver Dao crystal and a white Dao crystal slowly fell along the beam of light...

Ji Yang ontology smiled happily!