Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

His reward for winning the bet has arrived!

I'm afraid that Cheng Huang didn't expect that he just started the game, and he hit the muzzle of the gun, and he lost extremely embarrassed!

The anode body doesn't care about that.

He happily put away the two Dao Crystals and sent them into the chaotic space...

In this way, he got two more avenues, which really made a lot of money!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky above the secret realm shook, and the voice of heaven came again...

[Betting reminder: The player has raised 100 million star combat power by Huang, and if the game fails, 100 million combat power will be deducted! Player 'Qin Feng' won 100 million combat power reward]

Om~!

Follow the prompt!

Another black beam of light fell on Cheng Huang and began to weaken his combat power...

On this side, another white beam of light descended, covering the body of Jiyang!

In the next second, the momentum of Jiyang's body soared by 100 million stars, reaching 65.8 billion stars!

Tiandao's prompt also sounded...

【The rewards and punishments are over! 】

[The players lost the cutting avenue, the frosty avenue, and the 100 million star combat power by taking the yellow]

[Qin Feng (Jiyang body) obtained Taiqing Daojing (cutting), Taiqing Daojing (frost), 100 million stars]

[Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) wins this bet! Received 20,000 prestige points]

[Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) has won the Dao-level bet twice in a row! Get 1 extra prestige reward]

Om~!

The sky is shaking again!

The Prestige Reward Light Beam has fallen!

The reputation of Jiyang's body has increased again, and it has reached 370,000 points in a blink of an eye!

Prestige is also something he desperately needs!

He is so happy!

"370,000 reputation points! It is estimated that 400,000 reputation points are needed to be promoted to the ultimate evangelist! I'm afraid these reputations are not enough"! "

Ji Yang's body smiled and didn't think about it any more.

These are all things behind!

This time, he won two bets in a row, and he got a lot of money, which made him very satisfied!

correct!

There are still many star crystals in that mining area, he should go to collect...

Thinking of this, Jiyang's body flashed away and rushed towards the mining area...

He didn't know that at this moment, the players in the entire secret realm fell into consternation!

Everyone did not expect that Jiyang Ontology actually won the bet, and won so quickly!

At this moment, in the chaotic space!

Qingchengzi stared blankly at the light curtain, his face full of shock!

He didn't expect that the city lord won so sharply this time!

Just when all the players were shocked, in the depths of the fog, in a hidden valley.

Di Xun stood in the middle of the valley!

All around him, there were corpses of monsters lying around, and the air was filled with a thick smell of blood.

At this moment, he looked up at the sky with a contemplative expression.

The breath on his body is looming, and he has suddenly surpassed 700 million stars, which is a lot stronger than that of Chenghuang!

"I didn't expect that Cheng Huang would also miss it!"

Di Xun muttered in his heart.

The failure of Emperor Zi made him a little surprised!

Cheng Huang's miss made him unexpected!

It seems that Qin Feng is more difficult than they imagined!

No wonder Da Jitian attaches so much importance to it, and even asks them to find a way to get a drop of Qin Feng's blood and go back.

With that drop of blood essence, Da Jitian can figure out Qin Feng's roots and find his old nest.

At that time, the Venerable Yeyin and Venerable Puyin will kill themselves.

As for the great sacrifice to heaven, due to some special reason, it is temporarily impossible to leave the realm of spying on the gods, and can only be dealt with by the venerable recipient and the venerable general.

However, that's enough!

The two venerables, Jie Yin and Pu Yin, are half-step eternal existences.

By the two of them, Qin Feng will be destroyed!

Before that, Di Xun felt that the plan to sacrifice to the sky was overthinking it.

Now it seems that he underestimated Qin Feng!

It seems that he should act according to the plan, and he can't let Qin Feng's child continue to be arrogant...

Thinking of this, Di Xun waved his hand, and two divine cards and an ancient talisman appeared in front of him.

Those are two Dao-level gambling cards and a heavenly talisman...

The next second, he started his own action!

Meanwhile, on the other side.

on the rushing river.

Cheng Huang's face is extremely ugly!

He just lost two avenues and 100 million combat power!

This has caused his combat power to drop again and again, has dropped to 59 billion stars, and there are two less magical skills!

He can't accept this fact!

Bai Cheng on the side watched silently, not daring to say anything!

The atmosphere in the field is very depressing!

After a long time, Cheng Huang raised his head slightly and looked in the direction of Ji Yang's body!

He had started gambling before, and he briefly learned the location of Ji Yang's body. He was tens of billions of miles away from him, and he would not be able to meet for a while.

It's just that he really can't figure it out, why did Ji Yang's body win him all of a sudden?

How did the thief do it?Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"." Baicheng, you say, how did the Qin Feng thief win me?"

Cheng Huang spoke slowly, breaking the depressing atmosphere.

Bai Cheng swallowed his saliva before opening his mouth cautiously.

"My lord, it should be the little thief who was lucky and met a lot of players along the way to get 2 points so quickly! In terms of real strength, how could the little thief be better than the adults?"

Cheng Huang's face was gloomy and he didn't pick up the conversation.

However, he also felt that Bai Cheng had something to say!

No matter how bad he is, he is still at the peak of the God King. How could he be inferior to a False God realm child?

It seems that he is really unlucky!

"My lord, let's take a look at Bai, the content of your last bet was inappropriate, and you didn't choose your real strength! If you change the content of the bet and choose to kill a god-king peak monster as the goal, you won't be sure to win. ?"

Bai Cheng whispered again!

Ride the yellow eyes light up!

right!

If he chooses to kill the god-king peak monster as the goal, how could he lose?

He doesn't believe that Qin Feng can have the strength of the peak of the **** king.

In his opinion, Qin Feng's strength is at the mid-level of God King at most!

But in the next second, he frowned slightly: "The monsters at the peak of the **** king should exist in this secret territory, but they must be extremely rare and never easy to find! Even if the deity is found, it may not be able to kill it!"

Cheng Huang expressed his concerns.

Bai Cheng smiled slightly: "Mr. Cheng Huang, Bai will walk with you. If you really encounter the peak of the god-king monster, you and I will join forces to kill it!"

"As for the little thief Qin Feng, he is in the False God Realm, and he definitely does not have the strength to kill the peak monsters of the God King. Therefore, he will definitely lose in such a bet!"

Cheng Huang nodded again and again: "It makes sense! Then the deity will bet with him again!"

As soon as the words fell, he took out a card against God of Gamblers again.

This is also his last card against Gambler!

In the next second, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, activating the divine card!

Soon, over the entire secret realm, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded...

[Holy Land Reminder: The player took the yellow to the player Qin Feng (the body of Jiyang) and launched a Taoist bet]

[The content of this round of betting is as follows]

[The initiator Chenghuang took the 'Blessing Avenue' and the 'Tidal Avenue' as a bet to play Qin Feng's (Jiyang Ontology)'s 'Doomsday Avenue']

[The initiator takes the opportunity to make a bet on this basis: using 100 million star combat power as a bet to play Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology)'s 100 million star combat power]

[Content of the bet: Whoever kills a god-king peak-level monster first will be the winner, with no time limit]

[If one party falls in the process, the bet fails]

[During the betting process, both parties can check each other's positions]

【Start the betting time now...】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the entire secret realm became a sensation again...Er.

The eight hundred and seventieth chapter three bets together! Vientiane Avenue!

Boom~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the whole secret realm became a sensation again...

Oh my God!

Lord Cheng Huang actually started a bet again!

This time the stakes are even scarier!

Cheng Huang not only took out two avenues, but also took out 100 million combat power to compete with Qin Feng's 100 million combat power!

This is going to die!

It seems that Mr. Qin Feng completely angered Mr. Cheng Huang, and the two sides are going to gamble with blood!

But looking at the content of this bet, it is extremely unfavorable to Mr. Qin Feng!

The content is actually to kill the god-king peak-level monster!

Hunting god-king peak-level monsters is very difficult even for Lord Cheng Huang, let alone Lord Qin Feng.

All players know that there are only two god-king peak powers in the entire secret realm!