Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

White City is close behind...

At the same time, in the depths of the fog, above a hidden valley.

Di Xun raised his eyes slightly, looking at the sky above his head.

Above his head, there is a 'Heaven Praying Talisman' suspended.

At this moment, the talisman glowed with a faint golden light, sensing the direction of the land of the gods.

As long as he can get within 100 million miles of the 'Land of the Gods', the rune can find the location of the Land of Gods.

A celestial talisman, valid for 2 hours!

He has three Heavenly Praying Talismans, that is, 6 hours of search time!

Di Xun is very confident that he can find the direction of the land of the gods within 6 hours.

As for the Qin Feng child, there is no such magical method!

I'm afraid that after he finds the direction, the little thief is still running around!

Thinking of this, Di Xun felt even more proud in his heart.

He thought that with the help of the talisman, he would definitely reach the land of the gods one step ahead of Qin Feng, thus winning the bet!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already predicted the location of the land of the gods!

At this moment, the very yin body has already rushed in that direction at full speed...

Chapter 871: The Great Way! Good Fortune Jade Plate!

Boom~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the whole secret realm became a sensation again...

Oh my God!

Lord Cheng Huang actually started a bet again!

This time the stakes are even scarier!

Cheng Huang not only took out two avenues, but also took out 100 million combat power to compete with Qin Feng's 100 million combat power!

This is going to die!

It seems that Mr. Qin Feng completely angered Mr. Cheng Huang, and the two sides are going to gamble with blood!

But looking at the content of this bet, it is extremely unfavorable to Mr. Qin Feng!

The content is actually to kill the god-king peak-level monster!

Hunting god-king peak-level monsters is very difficult even for Lord Cheng Huang, let alone Lord Qin Feng.

All players know that there are only two god-king peak powers in the entire secret realm!

One is Cheng Huang!

The other one is Emperor Xun!

There will be no third one!

That is to say, Lord Qin Feng does not have the strength of the peak of the God King at all, so how did he win the bet?

It seems that Lord Qin Feng is really going to have bad luck this time.

In other words, Master Cheng Huang's gambling content is too tricky, and he gave full play to his own advantages!

At this moment, the sighs of the players could be heard in every corner of the secret realm!

They are feeling sorry for Qin Feng!

This time, they are really not optimistic about Qin Feng!

If there are still people who are optimistic about Qin Feng, it is the four of Dijiang.

At this moment, in the chaotic space.

The four of Di Jiang looked at each other, all looking a little weird.

Afterwards, Qi Yue said with a smile but not a smile: "Sister Xuanji, then Cheng Huang is betting against his master again! Isn't he courting death?"

Yu Xuanji also smiled and said, "If he wants to give the master two great roads, then there is no way!"

Di Jiang said proudly: "There are more than two avenues! There are also 100 million star combat power! That's the big one!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them smiled knowingly.

The three of them had witnessed with their own eyes that the process of Jiyang's body killing the four Zidi people had long been shocked by the strength of Jiyang's body.

In their opinion, the strength of Jiyang's body is probably stronger than Chenghuang, so it is more likely to win.

33 Only those players who don't know the truth feel that Chenghuang is stronger.

At this time, Qingchengzi was a little worried and said: "Three, I can't be too optimistic! The current strength of the city owner is likely to be stronger than Chenghuang."

"But the biggest problem for the city owner is not on Cheng Huang, but where to find the monsters at the peak of the god-king?"

With this reminder, Yu Xuanji woke up.

"Yeah! The god-king peak-level monster should be the strongest existence in the secret realm. If you want to find one, I'm afraid it will be very difficult. If you are lucky and find the monster first, then he is likely to win. !"

As soon as these words fell, Qi Yue and Di Jiang became a little nervous.

Especially Di Jiang, the little guy is anxious.

"Sister Xuanji, let's get Dad to look for monsters! We can't let him lose by luck!"

Yu Xuanji consoled: "Don't worry! Master's luck has always been very good! He should have a countermeasure!"

Having said that, Yu Xuanji turned to look at the light curtain...

Di Jiang and others also looked at each other...

I saw that in the light curtain, the body of the polar sun had already arrived at the mining area, and it had transformed into thousands, and was mining star crystals...

Since being promoted to an intermediate preacher, Qin Feng's supernatural power of 'incarnation three thousand' has improved, and he can incarnate 10,000 fission variants.

Under the mining of those 10,000 fission bodies, its efficiency is naturally extremely fast!

After a while, Yu Xuanji and several others witnessed that Ji Yang's body swept away the minerals.

Then the ten thousand fission bodies merged into one, and the polar body appeared again.

At this time, his face was full of joy!

Seeing this, Di Jiang wanted to use his spiritual voice transmission to urge his father to find the monster at the peak of the **** king...

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Outside, in the sky above the secret realm, the sky trembled again, and a reminder came...

[Holy Land Reminder: Player 'Di Xun' launched a Dao-level bet to player Qin Feng (the body of Jiyang)! 】

[The content of this round of betting is as follows...]

[The initiator 'Di Xun' used the 'Avenue of Extermination' and the 'Avenue of Hundred Flowers' as a bet to play the 'Avenue of Natural Disasters' of Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology). 】

[Content of the bet: The first person to reach the "Land of the Gods" wins, there is no time limit]

[If one party falls in the process, it is a failure of the bet]

[During this betting process, the betting map will not be opened]

Boom~!

This announcement is out!

The whole secret is sensational again!

No way? !

Cheng Huang Gang launched a bet against Mr. Qin Feng!

Di Xun also launched a bet against Qin Feng!

These two are clearly taking revenge!

They are going to bring down Lord Qin Feng together!

In the chaotic space, the expressions of Qiyue and the others changed slightly!

"Not good! This time the master is in a bad situation!"

Yu Xuanji's expression changed greatly.

Di Jiang panicked: "Sister Xuanji, why do you say that?"

Yu Xuanji sighed: "Hey! Little Emperor, think about it! The master wants to compete with Chenghuang to kill monsters! At the same time, he wants to compete with Emperor Xun to see who can reach the finish line first! He has no ability to clone himself!"

Di Jiang seemed to understand but not understand!

Qingchengzi suddenly realized: "Yes! In that case, even if the city lord wins Chenghuang, I'm afraid that he won't be able to get to the land of the gods in time, and he will lose to Emperor Xun! This is simply a chain plan!"

Yu Xuanji smiled bitterly: "That's why I feel that the master's situation is not good!"

Di Jiang finally understood.

The little guy was in a hurry: "Then what should I do? By the way, my dad still has a very yin body!"

Boom~Long~Long~!

Only after these words fell, the secret realm of the outside world sounded a shocking roar again!

The voice of Tiandao came again!

[Holy Land Reminder: Player 'Di Xun' launched a Taoist bet to player Qin Feng (the very yin body)! 】

[The content of this round of betting is as follows...]

[The initiator 'Di Xun' used the 'Avenue of Time' and the 'Avenue of Escape' as a bet to play the 'Avenue of Earth Disasters' of Qin Feng (the very yin body). 】

[The initiator 'Di Xun' added a note on this basis: with Vientiane Avenue (innate), the 'human disaster avenue' of Qin Feng (extremely yin body), and a drop of blood essence]

[Content of the bet: The first person to reach the "Land of the Gods" wins, there is no time limit]

[If one party falls in the process, the bet fails]

[During this betting process, the betting map will not be opened]

Boom~!

The whole secret is sensational again!

All the players were stunned!

Looking up at the sky one by one, half speechless!

They did not expect that Di Xun not only challenged the extreme yang body, but also challenged the extreme yin body!

What's even more terrifying is that when Emperor Xun challenged the extreme yin body, he also added an innate avenue - Vientiane Avenue!

This time, Qin Feng has to face three big bets!

If he loses, it is likely to lose four avenues in a row!

However, if he wins, he will be able to win 100 million battle power and seven avenues!

One of them is the Xiantian Avenue that he has longed for!

At present, Qin Feng has only mastered the seven innate avenues, and he is still a long way from creating a universe!

The meaning of Innate Avenue to Qin Feng is more than ten times stronger than Acquired Avenue!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body also stared up at the sky in a daze!

He was surprised too!

There are a total of five God of Gamblers cards in Spy on God's Domain!

They have lost twice!

This time, they used all the remaining three times.

It seems that Di Xun and Cheng Huang are going to join forces to defeat him!