Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body sneered!

Did the two of Di Xun really think that doing that would make him useless?

That too underestimated him!

He and the extreme yin body are all concentric!

As long as the 'extreme yin body' arrives at the land of the gods, it means that he also arrives.

In this secret territory, space summoning has a distance limit.

But the extreme yang body has a way, without using space to summon, it can also rush to the extreme yin body within a few seconds.

That's his big hole card, I'm afraid Cheng Huang and the others didn't expect that he still has such a means!

In short, he has to cooperate with the polar body division of labor.

The extremely yin body rushed to the land of the gods at full speed.

He went to find Jumang, Xiaoluan'er, Fengxi, and the peak-level monster of the god-king...

Thinking of this, Ji Yang has a plan in his heart...

At the same moment, over the surging river.

Chenghuang and Baicheng are all full of joy!

"Lord Cheng Huang! That's great! Lord Di Xun also shot!"

Baicheng said happily.

Cheng Huang also smiled and nodded: "Yeah! If Di Xun takes action, I can make Qin Feng's avatar useless! I'm afraid Qin Feng is already in a hurry at the moment!"

Bai Cheng laughed loudly: "Haha! That's of course! With the strengths of you and Lord Di Xun, which one is not stronger than him! Now that you both attack at the same time, how can he resist!"

Cheng Huang smiled coldly: "That's what he deserves! That little thief relied on luck to make this deity suffer a big loss! This time, this deity wants him to spit it out!"

Bai Cheng nodded again and again: "That's right! Lord Cheng Huang, next, where should we go to find the god-king peak-level monster?"

Cheng Huang Han said: "Why go looking for monsters? Let's look for Qin Feng's Jiyang body directly according to the gambling map! The deity can't wait to kill him!"

Bai Cheng's eyes lit up: "Yes! This is a great plan! On our way to find Ji Yang's body, if we encounter a monster at the peak of the God King, we can win by killing it."

"If we don't encounter it, as long as we find Jiyang's body and kill it, we can still win! This is killing two birds with one stone! Your lord is a great trick!"

Baicheng was amazed!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Cheng Huang smiled proudly: "Let's go!"

What Bai Cheng said was exactly what he thought.

He insisted on starting the second bet with the polar body, that is, to find out the location of the polar body.

As long as there is a gambling map, he will definitely be able to find the Jiyang body...

In the next second, Cheng Huang's figure flashed and rushed towards the location of Ji Yang's body.

White City is close behind...

At the same time, in the depths of the fog, above a hidden valley.

Di Xun raised his eyes slightly, looking at the sky above his head.

Above his head, there is a 'Heaven Praying Talisman' suspended.

At this moment, the talisman glowed with a faint golden light, sensing the direction of the land of the gods.

As long as he can get within 100 million miles of the 'Land of the Gods', the rune can find the location of the Land of Gods.

A celestial talisman, valid for 2 hours!

He has three Heavenly Praying Talismans, that is, 6 hours of search time!

Di Xun is very confident that he can find the direction of the land of the gods within 6 hours.

As for the Qin Feng child, there is no such magical method!

I'm afraid that after he finds the direction, the little thief is still running around!

Thinking of this, Di Xun felt even more proud in his heart.

He thought that with the help of the talisman, he would definitely reach the land of the gods one step ahead of Qin Feng, thus winning the bet!

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already predicted the location of the land of the gods!

At this moment, the very yin body has already rushed in that direction at full speed...

Chapter eight hundred and seventy-two true and false disciples! Mysterious zone!

Di Xun was proud in his heart, and his figure left the valley in a flash.

He officially began to search for the land of the gods...

At the same time, in the depths of the fog, in that mining area.

Ji Yang's body sorted out his thoughts and prepared to act.

At this moment, Di Jiang's voice came from his mind.

"Dad! The situation is very bad! Di Xun and Cheng Huang have shot at you at the same time, what should I do?"

The little guy's tone seemed a little anxious!

"Yeah! Master! That Di Xun and Cheng Huang are too cunning. One bet with you to kill monsters, and the other bet with you to get to the end, just to make you useless!"

Yu Xuanji's tone was very resentful!

After the Chaos Space is upgraded, the function is increased!

The polar body can communicate with all creatures in the chaotic space synchronously, just like a face-to-face conversation,

Hearing the worries of the two, Ji Yang's body smiled slightly.

"Don't worry! I have a way to deal with those two!"

Yu Xuanji was still worried: "Master, the most troublesome thing right now is that we don't know where there are peak-level monsters of the God King, and where is the location of the Land of God's Relics. Everything is unknown, we can only rely on luck!"

Ji Yang's body smiles without saying a word!

He already knew the location of the God's Relic Land, so he didn't have to try his luck at all!

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, Ji Yang's body seemed to be aware of it, and he hurriedly looked at the gambling map.

I saw that on the map, the red light spot representing 'Cheng Huang' was rapidly approaching in his direction.

Ji Yang's body immediately understood Cheng Huang's intention, and snorted coldly.

"Dad, what's wrong?"

Di Jiang's voice sounded again,

The little guy saw something strange.

Ji Yang's body said in a low voice: "Cheng Huang Zheng is coming towards me! However, don't pay attention to him for now! Next, I'm going to find Jumang, Luan'er, Feng Xi, and Ran Deng. After I find them, Go back and solve Cheng Huang!"

As soon as the voice fell, Jiyang's body summoned the "Book of the World", and re-divided the position of the four people in Jumang.

After all, time has passed for a while, there must be new changes in the positions of the four Jumang people, and they need to be re-divided...

When they saw Jiyang's main body in action, Dijiang and the others stopped talking and watched silently again.

They are also afraid of disturbing the polar body...

Soon, the anode body divination came out.

Feng Xi was the closest to him, followed by Ran Deng, and finally Ju Mang and Xiao Luan'er.

According to the hexagram, Jumang and Xiaoluan'er are in the same direction and are very close.

Maybe, the two little guys have already met!

The main body of Jiyang was very satisfied with the divination results, and put away the book of the present world.

Then, his eyes locked in one direction, where Feng Xi was.

Feng Xi was the closest to him, so he naturally went to find Feng Xi first!

Huh~! correct!

I am now the Lord of the Ultimate Destiny, and my luck value has reached more than 10,000 times, just in time to open a Dao-level treasure chest!

Ji Yang's body has a face, and there is a look of surprise in his eyes.

He almost forgot about this big event!

Right now, he has undertaken three Dao-level gambling by himself. It would be a lie to say that there is no pressure!

If he develops an avenue weapon, it will definitely greatly enhance his strength!

That will be of great help to his next bet!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body quickly waved his hand, and a purple treasure chest appeared in front of him, exuding endless rhyme and holy light...

[Dao-level treasure chest: 1% chance to open the device of the Dao, 99.99% will fail to open the box and turn into nothingness]

This is the Taoist treasure chest!

There is only a 1% chance to open the weapon of the avenue!

Qin Feng's luck has reached 10520 times the value, which just increases the chance to 1%!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang took a deep breath and slowly opened the treasure chest!

hum~~!

The treasure chest is open!

Blooming endless rays of light, bright for thousands of miles!

The whole area is bathed in the light of the avenue!

In the chaotic space, the four Yu Xuanji were dumbfounded!

Although they didn't know what treasure chest Ji Yang was opening, the scene was too shocking!

After a long time, the aura dissipated!

A jade plate with a whole body like jade, white as snow, and exuding clear Dao light, appeared in front of Jiyang's body!

That is the weapon of the avenue!

The tools of the avenue, there are many in the world, only those who have a great chance can get it!

The first avenue weapon belonging to Qin Feng appeared!

The anode body excitedly peeped away...

[The Jade Plate of Fortune: Device of the Great Way, Rank 0, Unidentified Master]

【After recognizing the Lord, you can control your luck, avoid cause and effect, endure ten thousand kalpas without grinding, and survive forever without dying】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc can record three thousand avenues, and for each type of avenue recorded, it can feed back 100 million star combat power to its master]

[Every 30 kinds of avenues are recorded, the jade plate of good fortune will be advanced once, and some special changes will occur]

what!

This is actually a Taoist device that records the three thousand avenues!

That's just right for your own use!

He is the future master of the universe, destined to control the three thousand avenues.

This 'good fortune jade plate' is simply tailor-made for him!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body hurriedly broke the blood clot and bounced towards the jade plate...

Pa~!

A drop of divine blood containing golden light fell on the jade plate!

Om~!

In the next second, the jade plate drained the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye, and burst into a dazzling light!