Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, it turned into a clear light, poured into the eyebrows of Jiyang's body, flew into the sea of ​​​​knowledge, and began to merge with Qin Feng's soul...

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

The sea of ​​consciousness roared violently!

The jade plate of good fortune is completely integrated with Qin Feng's soul body!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: The Jade Plate of Fortune (Order 0) has recognized you as the master, and has merged with your soul body into one]

[Reminder: congratulations on getting the assistance of the Tier 0 Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing is increased by 1%]

[Reminder: congratulations on getting the assistance of the Tier 0 Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency on the Dao Scroll is increased by 1%]

[Reminder: congratulations on getting the power of the Dao Item of Fortune Jade Plate (0-order)! You have permanently added 2 billion star combat power! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the momentum of Jiyang's body soared all the way!

After a while, he skyrocketed 2 billion combat power!

But before he is happy, the mutation regenerates!

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Wood Road' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Road of Wind', and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road of Thunder' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Jiyang's body lit up with various avenues of spiritual light!

His momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

In the chaotic space, the four Yu Xuanji were dumbfounded!

The anode body is even more surprising!

The device of the avenue is different!

Afterwards, he closed his eyes and accepted the battle strength of the Fortune Jade Plate!

The ever-increasing sense of pleasure filled my heart again...

After a long time, the jade plate of good fortune was recorded!

All visions disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

This time, the Fortune Jade Disc recorded a total of 48 kinds of avenues, giving him 4.8 billion star power back!

·

According to this calculation, after recording the three thousand avenues on the jade plate of good fortune, it can give him 300 million star combat power back!

This is the magic of the Great Way!

As long as you think about it, Ji Yang's body feels hot!

He is very satisfied with it!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Reminder: Your Fortune Jade Disc has recorded 48 avenues, more than 30 of which have reached the advanced requirements, and are starting to automatically advance...]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from Tier 0 to Tier 1! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 1st-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 2%]

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 1st-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 2%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 1st-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 3 billion stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the momentum of Jiyang's main body will skyrocket again!

He was amazed!

It turned out that once the Fortune Jade Plate was upgraded once, it could give him a battle power back.

And for every 30 avenues recorded, the Fortune Jade Plate can be upgraded!

In this way, after he mastered the three thousand avenues, the jade plate of good fortune will be able to rise to the 10th order!

The combat power that will feed him back will be enormous!

No wonder, it is rumored that the existence of the Great Perfection of the God-king has a great avenue in his hand.

Even half-step eternal power, it is difficult to defeat it.

As for killing it, it is even more impossible!

After the device of the avenue recognizes the master, the soul of the master and the device of the avenue are integrated into one!

The Taoist device is immortal, that is, the soul is immortal!

The soul is immortal, that is, the life is immortal!

And the sturdiness of the instrument of the avenue, half a step of eternity cannot be destroyed!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

However, half-step eternity cannot destroy the avenue device, but it can seal it.

This is also a very scary thing!

If it is sealed for hundreds of millions of years, then life is better than death!

After a long time, Ji Yang's body opened his eyes again, and his face was full of joy.

He gained another 3 billion combat power back!

It can be seen that the first-order fortune-telling jade plate feeds back more than the 0-order!

When he recognized the master, he got 2 billion combat power.

In this way, when the Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to Tier 2, the back-feeding combat power will definitely exceed 3 billion.

At present, the jade disc has recorded 48 avenues, and as long as another 12 avenues are recorded, they can be promoted to level 2.

Thinking of this, Jiyang is looking forward to it!

correct!

He even got a lot of feedback, but I don't know how much the combat power has improved?

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body opened the panel to check the combat power...

[Level]: Level 88

[Holy Duty]: Level 82 (Hongmeng Judgment Supreme)

[Luck]: 10520 times (Lord of Ultimate Destiny)

[Reputation]: 370,000 points

[Combat Strength]: 75.6 billion stars

what!

The combat power has soared from 65.8 billion to 75.6 billion stars!

The anode body is full of surprises!

Obtaining a piece of the avenue weapon will make his strength such a huge improvement!

Of course, what he improved this time was not only the combat power, but also the efficiency of comprehending the Great Dao.

That's exactly what he needs now!

For example, he obtained four Taiqing Dao Crystals before, and his mind body is refining.

According to normal efficiency, it will take at least another hour before it will be refined.

Now, he has obtained the assistance of the Jade Plate of Fortune, and the efficiency has increased by 2% on the original basis, which is equivalent to twice the speed!

It is estimated that in more than 20 minutes, he will be able to refine it!

In short, he is really satisfied with this harvest! .Small.

Chapter eight hundred and seventy-third the road of fascination! The deep valley of ten thousand demons!

correct!

If you get another Great Dao Artifact, I don't know what will change?

Ji Yang's body couldn't help but have this thought in his heart!

He now has two complete Chaos chests in his hands.

If you get 8 more complete Chaos Treasure Chests and a Taoist Treasure Chest God Card, it is not an extravagant hope!

At present, it seems that the Taoist Treasure Chest God Card is the most difficult to obtain!

I don't know if there will be such a divine card in this chance reward?

If there is, he will make a lot of money!

With his luck, as long as he gets the treasure chest, he will definitely be able to open the weapon of the avenue.

I don't want to think so much anymore, Cheng Huang has been constantly closing the distance!

It's time for him to find Feng Xi and the others!

If the time drags on for too long, the four of Feng Xi may be in crisis.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body retracted his mind and was ready to set off...

But at this moment, the momentum of his body soared again!

In the blink of an eye, the combat power of 200 million stars has skyrocketed, reaching 75.8 billion stars.

The body of Jiyang was suddenly filled with surprises!

Then, he looked up in a certain direction...

That's exactly where the negative body is located!

It turned out that the extreme yin body just completed another devouring, which made his combat power soar!

Having said that, Di Xun bet that whoever goes to the Divine Relic Land first must be rushing to the Divine Relic Land.

The very yin body and the emperor will most likely meet on the way to the land of the gods...

However, the current combat power of the extreme yin body has reached 75.8 billion stars, which is stronger than that of Emperor Xun.

Even if they meet, the extreme yin body is not afraid of the emperor at all!

Of course, if the extreme yin body wants to kill Di Xun, it is still impossible!

After all, the battle strength of Emperor Xun has reached more than 700 million stars, and he must also have life-saving magical powers.

If he wants to kill Emperor Xun, Qin Feng has to improve his strength!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body smiled and rushed towards Feng Xi's direction...

At this moment, the entire secret realm players have recovered from the previous shock.

People continue to unfold their actions!

Some are looking for the land of the gods in the fog, some are searching for resources in the fog, and some are specializing in hunting players to get points...

Everyone's goals are different!

The atmosphere in the secret is alive again, and killings can be seen everywhere!

Some people kill each other, some people kill each other with monsters, and so on!