Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With just one knife, Qin Feng killed three king beasts with unparalleled might.

[The first kill of the level 15 golden queen bee (king level) is successful, gaining +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the level 15 golden queen bee (king level) successfully, get +8500 energy value. 】

[Killing the level 15 golden queen bee (king level) successfully, get +8500 energy value. 】

[Killing the level 15 golden queen bee (king level) successfully, get +8500 energy value. 】

[Killing the 15th-level golden queen bee (king level) successfully, the heaven and earth wonders - golden-level royal jelly]

[Killing the 15th-level golden queen bee (king level) successfully, the heaven and earth wonders - golden-level royal jelly]

[Killing the 15th-level golden queen bee (king level) successfully, the heaven and earth wonders - golden-level royal jelly]

what!

The wonders of heaven and earth have exploded!

What is Gold Grade Royal Jelly?

Qin Feng was surprised.

Boom~Long~Long!

But at this moment, the earth shook and the valley shook.

In the distance, the old dead wood demon struggled hard, and the thick roots of the trees were pulled out from the ground, cracking the ground and flying dust.

After a while, it pulled out all its roots, and then used the roots as its feet, staggeringly fled into the distance.

It turned out that this demon tree was full of spirituality.

It was completely intimidated by Qin Feng, and when he saw that the situation was not good, he was about to run away.

"Evil! Can you escape?"

Qin Feng sneered and was about to chase after him.

Whoo~! La~! La~!

But the hundreds of piranhas rushed forward one by one and blocked Qin Feng.

They are all controlled by the tree demon, and they are desperately protecting each other at this moment, fighting for the time for the tree demon to escape...

Qin Feng had no choice but to go with the phantom clone to kill all the flower demons first...

Puff~! Puff~! Puff~!

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and obtained +820 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 15 ecstasy piranha, and the Aoki core exploded. 】

...

One person and one avatar join forces, and the beheading efficiency is greatly improved...

Before he could finish killing him, a message came from Tiandao.

【Your level has been promoted to level 14! 】Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

Haha~!

Upgraded again!

The task of this level is so cool!

Before he was done, he was promoted two levels in a row, and his strength skyrocketed.

This is getting closer and closer to the goal of the prefecture-level combat power threshold!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

After a few minutes, he finally slaughtered the piranha, and gained a lot of energy.

When he looked up again, the tree demon had already fled several miles away.

With a flash of his figure, he chased and killed the tree demon.

Chapter 107 Kill the old demon and gain Tier 4 skills!

The tree demon was huge and moved slowly.

In just a moment, Qin Feng caught up with the tree demon.

Wow~! Wow~! Wow~!

The tree demon sensed Qin Feng's approach, and immediately counterattacked, with countless yellow roots piercing towards Qin Feng fiercely.

呲~!呲~!呲~!

Those roots were like long spears, and they made a piercing sound in the air, and the momentum was extremely ferocious.

"court death!"

Swish~!

The sword light flashed in Qin Feng's hand!

That flaming long knife crossed a beautiful arc of fire in the air!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the firelight passed, those roots were all cut off.

The fracture was scorched by fierce flames and could not be regenerated.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The tree demon made a strange sound similar to a scream.

Hellfire inhibits its ability to regenerate severed limbs.

So with just one face-to-face, Qin Feng hit it hard.

This time, the tree demon panicked completely, turned around and fled with a roar.

Qin Feng chased and killed again.

Whoo~!

A black mist was released from the bottom of the tree demon, drifting towards Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was startled and held his breath.

But as soon as the black mist touched his skin, his skin began to shrink and age, and it continued to erode into his body.

Fuck it~!

This black mist has the strange effect of rapid aging.

If this black mist invades the body and accelerates the aging of his internal organs, it will be extremely harmful.

Qin Feng's heart moved.

Om~!

The next second, his whole body lit up with a faint green light.

Rejuvenation activated!

The green light produced by the rejuvenation technique clears out the black mist that had eroded into the body.

The skin that was dry and aging was quickly recovered.

huh~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng passed through the black fog like an arrow and caught up with the tree demon.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The towering dead tree was cut in half!

Bang~!

The huge tree trunk fell to the ground!

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The demon tree roars!

sucker Punch!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed wildly.

In just a moment, the demon tree was cut into dozens of sections.

Then, a dazzling white light flew out from the demon tree and poured into his body...

[Killing the level 16 dead wood demon (king level) successfully, get +10000 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 dead wood demon (king level) and gained +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the 16-level dead wood old demon (king level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】

[Killed the 16-level dead wood old demon (king level) successfully, and exploded the quest item - the king's core (wood)]

Finally beheaded!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

The difficulty of the task of this level is several times greater than that of the tortoise!

This time, however, the gains were even greater.

Thinking of this, he picked up the silver treasure chest.

So far, there are six silver treasure chests in his hands.

Afterwards, he picked up the core of the king (wood), and he was filled with joy again.

Of the five cores, he has already obtained four, and he is just short of the last fire core.

As long as he gets the Fire Element Core again, he can go to Juelongpo and open a new map.

Of course, now is not the time to think about that.

Thinking of this, he stepped forward to extract the dead wood old demon's body.

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the C-level talent - the six senses are connected! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your Six Senses talent has been promoted to B-level - Six Senses Psychic. 】

Ha ha!

Got another B-level talent!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Your six-sense talent is upgraded to B-level, and your skill 'phantom clone' is automatically strengthened, and you can release two 'phantom clones' at one time. 】