Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Jiyang's body shuttled through the fog, and from time to time, he could smell some blood and see some traces of fighting!

The secret has been open for nearly an hour!

The battle between the players has become more intense!

Ji Yang's body is also more and more worried about Feng Xi, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er.

After all, the strength of the three of them is not among the top players, and there is a great danger of being eliminated!

In a blink of an eye, Jiyang's body traveled 200 million miles!

Along the way, he killed hundreds of monsters, as well as dozens of players, and his points increased to 2611 points.

This is far from his goal!

Qin Feng's goal is to obtain eight passes for the 'Nine Heavenly Temple'!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

It needs more than 8 points!

At this moment, somewhere in the corner of the jungle.

Ji Yang's body looked at the two players' corpses beside his feet, smiled and shook his head.

"Haha! These two guys are so interesting! They are actually talking about how I would lose the first game!"

It turned out that when he was passing through the jungle, he heard the player whispering.

Ji Yang's body displayed the "silent body" and quietly came behind the two of them.

As soon as he approached, he heard that the two guys in front of him actually laughed at him that he would definitely lose to Cheng Huang this time.

The two also said that the first time he won Chenghuang, it should be due to luck.

Ji Yang's body would naturally not be polite to them, and killed the two players with one sword.

Having said that, this is not the first time he has heard such a conversation.

On his way there, he heard similar conversations several times in succession.

Those conversations, without exception, all thought that he would lose to Cheng Huang!

Facing Di Xun, he will lose even worse!

"It seems that everyone is not optimistic about me!"

Ji Yang's body smiles without saying a word!

Come to think of it, in the entire secret realm, there are only two god-king peaks, Chenghuang and Dixun. Who would believe that he would be stronger than the two god-king peaks?

Don't think so much, he continued to look for Feng Xi's four talents!

Thinking of this, Jiyang body put away the token on the ground.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

It was at this moment that the sound of fierce fighting came from the front!

Ji Yang's body was startled and quickly followed the sound.

In that direction, it was exactly where Feng Xi was!

Could it be that Feng Xi was attacked?

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's face changed slightly, he hurriedly dodged, and hurried over in the direction of the fight...

A few minutes later, he arrived at the battle scene!

From a distance, he saw a beautiful woman in a red dress fighting fiercely with a white-haired old man.

That absolutely beautiful woman is Feng Xi!

The white-haired old man is a mid-game player of the main god.

At this moment, the two sides are killing the sky and darkness, and it is indistinguishable!

If you look closely, you can see that this time, Feng Xi has the upper hand!

At this time, the white-haired old man was extremely depressed!

He originally met Feng Xi, thinking that he was just a False God realm ant, and he killed it and got a point!

Unexpectedly, he only made a move, only to find that he encountered a hard stubble!

The beautiful woman in front of her is so powerful that she is even stronger than him!

At this time, the more he fought, the more anxious he became, and the more he regretted it!

After hesitating for a moment, the old man finally couldn't help shouting.

"This girl, the old man had some misunderstandings before! I'll stop here, how about each one?"

The old man actually chose to compromise and wanted to shake hands with Feng Xi to make peace.

Feng Xi was so angry that she couldn't fight.

Before, she was picking a spirit fruit, but she didn't expect that the old thing suddenly attacked and almost caught her!

Now that the old man had misunderstood and wanted to dismiss the matter, how could she be willing to let it go.

Immediately, Feng Xi sneered: "Old thief! You attacked this girl and wanted to walk away! Is it so cheap?"

The old man also said angrily: "Little girl! Don't think that you have some strength, the old man is afraid of you! With our current state, even if we fight for another hour, you will not be able to win against me, but will attract more players and monsters! "

The old man's tone is hard and soft!

He knew very well that if he fought like this, he was definitely not Feng Xi's opponent, so he wanted to run away.

Seeing this scene, Ji Yang's body smiled and quietly approached!

At this time, Feng Xi's coquettish voice came from the front again!

"Old thief! Don't put gold on your face! This girl is sure to kill you in twenty minutes! It doesn't take an hour at all!"

The old man was so angry that he couldn't beat him!

"Arrogant! Thief girl! Do you have to fight with the old man? The old man will tell you the truth, my lord is coming soon! When my lord arrives, you will be dead! With my lord's strength, you can instantly kill with a single sword. you!"

The old man said with oath.

The words were extremely serious, and Feng Xi was shocked to hear that.

Even the main body of Jiyang not far away was stunned!

He also didn't expect that this old man had a helper!

Immediately, Feng Xi asked, "Haha! Who is your lord? You said it so mysteriously! Sign up! Let this girl listen to me!"

It seemed that he could hear the worry in Feng Xi's tone, and the old man was even more proud.

He sneered: "Haha! You can't change your name, don't change your surname! Saying the name of my family will definitely scare you to death! He is Qin Feng, who even Chenghuang and Di Xun are afraid of!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Feng Xi entered a brief period of confusion!

Ji Yang's body is also a little dumbfounded!

When did he become the old man's adult?

He doesn't know this old man at all!

In fact, the old man is from District 3!

He doesn't know Feng Xi and Qin Feng either!

Immediately, Ji Yang's body reacted, and he was dumbfounded.

The old man was obviously lying and wanted to use his name to scare Feng Xi away!

Feng Xi also wanted to understand, and immediately gave a whole smile.

"Old thief! It's not good for you to lie, but you lied to my master. Qin Feng is the master of this girl! When did he accept a subordinate like you? Why doesn't this girl know?"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the old man was stunned!

He also didn't expect that the lie was on the wrong target and hit the muzzle of the gun directly.

"This... this..."

The old man was suddenly incoherent.

Suddenly, his eyes rolled.

"Oh! It turns out that you are also a subordinate of Lord Qin Feng! So, we are flooded into the Dragon King Temple, and our family does not recognize our own family. This old man is not talented, and was accepted as a subordinate by Lord Qin Feng not long ago! "

This old man is extremely cunning, and lies one after another.

Feng Xi couldn't be beaten by him, and the attacks in his hands slowed down.

At this moment, she was a little puzzled, the guy in front of her was really accepted by the master?

Seeing that Feng Xi's attack was slowing down, his defense seemed to be slack.

The old man's eyes were smug, and he secretly thought that the trick was about to succeed, but the woman in front of him was still too tender.

With this in mind, he was about to continue to lie, but a lukewarm voice came from behind him!

"When did I see you?"

The sudden sound shocked the old man!

Immediately, he turned his head to look, and saw an extremely handsome young man in front of him!

Looking at it carefully, this young man is only in the False God realm!

The old man was so angry that he couldn't fight: "Little thief! You are a small False God realm, how dare you run behind the old man, sneaking, do you want to die?!"

"Hey! Master!"

The words just fell, and Feng Xi shouted in surprise 3.8 from the side.

The old man was stunned for a moment, then turned his head quickly to see Feng Xi come forward with a look of joy, and actually salute the young man in front of him!

He suddenly felt that something was wrong, and looked at Jiyang's body in astonishment: "You...you are..."

The corners of Jiyang's mouth curled slightly: "I am Qin Feng!"

"what?!"

The old man was shocked!

"Old thief! You really are lying to me!"

It was at this moment that Feng Xi roared angrily, wanting the old man to take action.

The old man was quick-witted, turned around and was about to run away!

Swish~!

But at this moment, a sword light suddenly lit up in the field, splitting the old man in half!

It is the polar body shot!

The old man didn't even have time to let out a scream, so he fell on the spot!

"Hoo~! This cunning old man is finally dead!"

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi breathed a sigh of relief.

Ji Yang's body smiled: "I finally found you! Go back to the chaotic space first!"

"Yes! Master!"

Feng Xi quickly agreed.

At the moment, Jiyang's body is about to take it into the chaotic space...

It was at this moment that Jumang's cry for help suddenly came from his personal voice channel!

Jumang: "Dad! Come and save us! Sister Xiaoluan'er and I strayed into a mysterious area! My sister is already in a coma! We can't get out! Woo~! Woo~!"

What? !

Hearing Jumang's cry for help, Jiyang's face changed greatly.