Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 874 Ask for help in time! Treasures are everywhere!

Jiyang body quickly entered the voice channel.

"Small sentence! Tell me! Where did you go? Daddy is looking for you!"

Jumang: "Dad, it's like this! My sister and I passed by a huge valley. The inside of this valley is full of red mist, which is different from the outside. We just went in and took a look!"

"As soon as we entered the valley, Tiandao reminded us that we entered the heart of the secret realm, where countless treasures and monsters were hidden. We were very excited at the time, thinking we were going to make a fortune, but we soon discovered that the red mist in the valley was poisonous."

"This poisonous fog will make the soul fall into a deep sleep. My sister can't bear it, and has already fallen asleep. Dad! I can't hold on anymore! I'm so sleepy now! There are monsters roaring in all directions!"

"They don't seem to be afraid of those poisonous mists! I wonder if they will come towards me? Dad! I'm so scared! Come and help us!"

After hearing these words, Ji Yang's body was extremely anxious!

The situation of Jumang and Xiaoluan'er is extremely bad!

Now Xiao Luan'er has fallen asleep, and Jumang can't hold on anymore.

If Jumang also fell asleep, and waited for those monsters to find them, then they could only be slaughtered by the monsters and devoured by the monsters!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body hurriedly comforted: "Little sentence! You insist on it! Dad will come over immediately!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he beckoned to call out "Book of the World", trying to reposition the two of them.

"Master! What happened?"

Feng Xi looked worried.

She also heard some clues!

"Jumang and Luan'er are in danger! I have to hurry up! There's no time to talk about this now!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Yang's body took Feng Xi into the chaotic space.

After doing this, he quickly activated the "Book of the Present World" and performed a new round of divination

Soon, at 19, he found out the latest position of the two of Jumang, which was indeed a bit deviated from before, but it was closer.

Ji Yang's body did not dare to delay, and after putting away the book of the world, he rushed towards that direction.

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

The four Yu Xuanji were overjoyed when they saw Feng Xi meeting.

Afterwards, Feng Xi said what she had heard, and the expressions of the four of them changed slightly.

In particular, Di Jiang said anxiously.

"Sister Fengxi, can you say something about Brother Mang and Sister Luan'er?"

At this moment, the little guy was dying of anxiety.

Feng Xi quickly consoled: "Don't worry! The master has already acted! They should be fine!"

"That's right! Little Emperor, look at the outside world, the master has already rushed over there at the fastest speed!"

Yu Xuanji also comforted him.

Di Jianglian looked at the light curtain, and saw the positive pole of the anode body shuttle through the clouds and mist...

Seeing this, the little guy felt a little relieved.

Afterwards, he looked worried again: "Brother Jumang and sister Luan'er are in danger now! I hope Dad can arrive soon! If Dad is late, brother Jumang and sister Luan'er will be eaten by monsters. of!"

"Little Emperor! The master will definitely arrive!"

Qi Yue comforted in a low voice.

Di Jiang nodded slightly, and silently watched the light curtain.

In this way, the group stopped talking and watched the light curtain anxiously.

They all hope that Jiyang's body can arrive earlier, and they don't want an accident with Jumang...

At the same time, in the depths of the fog, there was a lake above.

Cheng Huang and Baicheng are rushing on their way!

"Hey! Why did the little thief suddenly speed up?"

At this time, Cheng Huang seemed to feel something, and glanced at the gambling map.

Bai Cheng hurriedly asked, "Sir, what's the matter?"

Cheng Huang smiled coldly: "Qin Feng, the thief, didn't move in a hurry before! But just now, he suddenly accelerated, more than twice as fast as before!"

Bai Cheng was surprised: "Uh~! Why did he suddenly accelerate? That's right! Which direction did he flee from?"

Cheng Huang sneered: "It's the opposite direction to us!"

"Opposite Direction?"

Bai Cheng murmured subconsciously.

Immediately, his eyes lit up: "Hey! My lord, I want to understand! He must have looked at the gambling map and found that you were rushing towards him! He was frightened and fled in the opposite direction, not daring to meet you!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Hearing the words, take advantage of the yellow smile without saying a word!

Bai Cheng's idea is the same as his!

He also felt that Ji Yang's body was afraid, so he fled in the opposite direction!

That kid is rubbish!

I don't even have the confidence to meet him!

Cheng Huang thought he had to think about it.

He thought that Ji Yang's body was afraid of him.

At this time, Bai Cheng smiled again: "Sir, before you approached, Qin Feng fled in fright. This is enough to show that the little thief is not as strong as you, so he is so afraid of you."

"If you want Bai to see, that little thief only has the strength of the middle stage of the **** king at most, otherwise he wouldn't be so flustered!"

Cheng Huang smiled: "That's probably the case! After all, he is in the False God realm, and no matter how strong he is, there is no limit! Let's go! The little thief is going to escape, I can't let him get his wish!"

The two smiled and chased towards the direction of Jiyang's body...

They didn't know that Ji Yang's body was not afraid of them, but to save Jumang and the others!

With the current strength of Ji Yang's body, killing them is just a waste of energy.

However, the peak power of the king of the gods has some life-saving magical powers, and it is not accurate to only look at the combat power...

In this way, Ji Yang's body rushed towards the direction of the two Jumang.

Ride and kill the two of them towards Jiyang's body!

Time flies!

Soon, a quarter of an hour will pass!

The polar sun body arrived near the mouth of a huge valley.

He looked up and saw that the valley was filled with thick red fog, which was completely different from the white fog outside the valley!

"Jumang and Xiaoluan'er should have entered here!"

Ji Yang's body muttered, and then strode towards the valley...

Having said that, he came all the way and met many players, all of whom were killed by him.

This brought his points to 3017 points, which was just enough to exchange for 3 pieces of the pass order of the true temple, but it was still far from his goal.

Of course, he also encountered a large number of monsters along the way, and he was also killed by him.

It's a pity that none of those monsters are above the level of the king of gods, and the chaotic treasure chest he wanted did not explode!

Soon, Ji Yang's body walked to Taniguchi, only three feet away from those red mists!

As soon as his mind moved, he probed towards those red mists...

[Mandala Fog: A Mixture of Mandala Pollen and Mystery Fog]

[The mandala pollen contained in this fog is pervasive and can penetrate the sea of ​​consciousness and erode the soul body, thereby sealing the consciousness of the soul body and causing people to fall into a deep sleep]

[Reminder: Mandala pollen contains the power of the 'Avenue of Fascinating Soul', ordinary soul bodies are difficult to resist, and the god-king-level soul body will also be eroded one or two]

[Reminder: Mandala pollen cannot corrode the 'Dao-level soul body'! 】

After seeing the information, Ji Yang's body suddenly realized!

It turns out that the reason why the fog in the valley is red is because of mandala pollen.

The mandala pollen is very strange, and the damage is extremely large, even the soul body of the **** king cannot resist erosion.

Xiao Luan'er's soul body is only at the **** level, so it is naturally difficult to resist.

That little guy, Jumang, is very good at the soul body, and he was born with the magical power of 'three thousand incarnations'. It is because his soul body is strong enough that he can incarnate innumerable.

Even so, the little guy's soul body has only reached the level of a quasi-god king, and it is still difficult to resist the erosion of mandala pollen.

The little guy's mental awareness should be sealed a little bit, and then fall into a deep sleep.

I don't know after so long, has the little guy passed out?

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body hurriedly walked towards the valley without any hesitation.

His soul body has reached the Dao level, and he is not afraid of those mandala pollen...

Soon, Ji Yang's body entered the valley and went deep into the red mist.

Then, he looked around to check the situation in the valley...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Holy Land Reminder: You have entered the heart of this secret realm - the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons]

[Holy Land Reminder: There are a lot of exotic treasures hidden in this valley, please cherish the opportunity! 】

[Holy Land Reminder: There are also god-king monsters hidden in this valley, which are dangerous and abnormal]

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

what!

This valley is beautiful!

There are not only a lot of treasures hidden here, but also god-king monsters.

For Jiyang Ontology, now only God-king monsters can make him have the desire to kill.

Because killing the king-level monster, not only can you get points, but also burst out the chaotic treasure chest (incomplete state), it really kills two birds with one stone!

However, now is not the time to think about that.

He had to find Jumang and Xiaoluaner quickly.

Just when this idea came to mind, Ji Yang's body wanted to find Jumang and the others.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness again...

[Task reminder 330: It is detected that you have entered the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, and your SS-level 'Sword Executioner' quest will be activated automatically...]

[Task reminder: There are three peak-level monsters hidden in this valley, and they have mastered the Heavenly Sword, Killing Heavenly Sword, and Trapping Heavenly Sword respectively; please find them out and let them recognize their masters]

[Task reminder: If the sword search is successful, players can get the awakening rewards of ‘Avenue of Destruction’, ‘Avenue of Destruction’, and ‘Avenue of Destruction’, as well as the corresponding special rewards]

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Jiyang body is full of surprises!

It turns out that the other three divine swords of the Four Swords of Execution are hidden in this Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!

What an unexpected surprise!

However, he can't be careless!

There are three peak-level monsters hidden in this valley, and he had better defeat them all.

This thought came to him, and on his voice channel, Jumang's cry for help sounded again.

Jumang: "Dad! I'm so sleepy! Are you here? I can't hold on anymore!"

Jiyang Ontology: "Small sentence! I've already entered the valley, where are you?"