Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Jiyang body put away the map with satisfaction.

As indicated on the map, there is only one Demon Lord in the east area and two Demon Lords in the west.

Then he will go to the east area and first kill the Demon King——Yan!

Then, he went to the west area and killed the other two demon kings.

After all, the two demon kings in the west lived together, so it was very difficult to fight against one another!

Having said that, the Heaven-Absolute Sword, Heaven-Slaughtering Sword, and Heaven-trapping Sword that he was looking for this time should be on these three Demon Kings.

In addition, the map also revealed that there are also three hidden roots of heaven and earth in this Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, which are guarded by these three demon kings!

Heaven and earth spirit root!

That is the wonders of heaven and earth that can strengthen and perfect the 'chaotic space'!

They are of great help to Qin Feng!

Ever since he learned that there are three spiritual roots of heaven and earth in this valley, Ji Yang's body has been heartbroken, and he can't wait to destroy the three demon kings immediately.

However, he didn't know what the three spiritual roots of heaven and earth were.

"." Find the old lair first! It is estimated that the root of the earth was in its lair that day!"

Ji Yang body muttered in his heart and looked up in a certain direction.

According to the hints on the map, the old nest of Yoongi was in that direction, five to six hundred million miles away from him.

From this, it can be seen that this Valley of Ten Thousand Demons is really huge!

Fortunately, he got a map and had a clearer target, so he didn't have to rush around.

Having said that, he was worried before that he couldn't find the peak-level monster of the god-king.

Now that the peak-level monster is in front of him, he has it within his grasp.

As long as he kills that scorpion, won't he win the bet with Chenghuang?

With this thought, he glanced at the gambling map.

I saw a small green light spot representing Cheng Huang, rushing towards his direction quickly.

The distance between the two sides has narrowed to 7 billion miles.

Jiyang body smiled!

By the time Cheng Huang arrived, he had almost killed Qiang and won the bet.

At that time, he will turn back to clean up Cheng Huang!

He will never be soft-hearted towards those who peep into the Divine Realm!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body flashed away and hurried in the direction of the old nest.

He was only in a hurry when he saw a spiritual flower in front of him.

As soon as his heart moved, he spy on the spirit flower.

[Datura demon flower: the best god-level, can produce Datura pollen]

[Reminder: Every time a mandala is refined, you can get 1% of the rhythm power of the 'Avenue of Fascinating Soul']

[Reminder: Only the soul body above the Dao level can refine this kind of spirit flower]

what!

That is actually the spiritual flower of the best god-level!

Refining it can actually obtain 1% of the power of Dao Rhyme.

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, quite pleasantly surprised.

He also instantly understood that the red mist in this valley was created by this kind of mandala demon flower!

Looking at the red mist everywhere in the valley, there is definitely more than one mandala demon flower, there should be thousands of them to create such an environment!

Before, in order to save the two of Jumang, he did not carefully spy on the situation of the spiritual things in the valley, but now he is just in time!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Boom~!

As soon as his mind moved, the divine consciousness of Jiyang's body was released, and it swept across thousands of miles in an instant.

After a while, a look of joy appeared on his face.

This prying, he found within a radius of ten thousand li, there are more than a dozen mandala demon flowers.

In addition, he also discovered longevity grass, stone flower, egret grass, etc., all of which are the best spiritual grasses and flowers of the gods.

The spiritual things in this valley are more than ten times richer than those outside, it is simply a huge treasure trove of resources!

That being the case, what is he waiting for? Ear!

With this thought in mind, Ji Yang's body pinched a seal and activated the magical power - Lingzhi Devouring!

Chapter 876 The Demon King asks for help! Xiantao hides the way!

Om~!

In just an instant, the body of the polar sun turned into a human-shaped black hole, exuding the power of swallowing that covered the sky and the earth, covering the surrounding area...

Suddenly, the spiritual plants within a radius of 300 million miles around him all withered at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Thousands of wisps of spiritual plant origin, flew away, and poured into his body one after another...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

【Swallowing success! You devoured the origin of a 'Datura Demon Flower' and automatically understood the rhythm of the 1% Dao of Fascinating Soul...]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed wildly!

At the same time, he also has the Dao rhythm of the Fascinating Dao!

This surprised him!

Everything is as he expected!

As long as he devours the source of the mandala demon flower, he can still obtain the rhythm of the Dao of Fascinating Soul, which is a hundred times more efficient than refining!

Besides, according to the number of mandala demon flowers in this valley, there are at least thousands of them.

As long as he devours more than a thousand flowers, he will naturally awaken to the Dao of Fascinating Soul!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang closed his eyes comfortably and devoured those spiritual plants with all his strength...

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

Jumang and Xiaoluan'er were rescued.

But the two had fallen into a deep slumber and were lying on the grass.

"Sister! Sister! Wake up! Wake up!"

Di Jiang anxiously shook Xiao Luan'er's body, trying to wake her up.

"Small sentence! Small sentence!"

Qiyue is also shaking the sentence mang.

But the two little guys, no matter how shaken they were, didn't mean to wake up at all.

This scene made Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, and Qing Chengzi frown and worry.

"Sister Xuanji, what do you think about this situation?"

Feng Xi couldn't help but ask.

Yu Xuanji smiled bitterly: "Their soul body thoughts are sealed, and it is difficult to wake them up with ordinary methods. But we are not good at methods against the soul! We are afraid that it will be inappropriate!"

Di Jiang was very anxious: "Sister Xuanji, if sister Luan'er and brother Jumang can't wake up, what should I do?"

"This…"

33 Yu Xuanji is hesitating.

Om~!

At this moment, the world shook!

A mind body of Qin Feng was condensed out of thin air.

"dad!"

"Master (City Lord)!"

Everyone was surprised and came forward to meet!

The mind body nodded slightly and walked towards Xiao Luan'er, who had fallen asleep.

"Dad, sister and brother have been in a drowsy sleep, and they can't wake up no matter how they shake it! Look at how to wake them up!"

Di Jiang's tone was anxious.

The little guy also cares and messes up!

The mind body smiled slightly: "I already knew it! Don't worry! They are all right!"

As soon as the words fell, he squatted down and pressed a finger on Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows.

Om~!

In the next second, a golden light lit up at his fingertips!

Immediately afterwards, wisps of red mist were extracted from Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows, and then absorbed by the fingers of the mind body.

Those red mists are the mandala pollen that infiltrated Xiao Luan'er's soul...

In just a moment, the pollen that infiltrated Xiao Luan'er's sea of ​​consciousness was completely absorbed by the mind body.

Xiao Luan'er's long eyelashes trembled, and she slowly opened her eyes, revealing big eyes.

As soon as she opened it, she saw everyone in the mind body, obviously a little confused.

Di Jiang and others cheered!

"Great! Sister! You're finally awake!"

Di Jiang excitedly grabbed Luan'er's little hand.

"Little Emperor, why am I here? Am I not in that weird valley?"

Xiao Luan'er looked at everyone with a bewildered expression.

Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "Sister Luan'er, after you entered the valley, you were blocked by the strange fog and then fell into a coma. It was the master who rescued you!"

Xiao Luan'er patted his head and suddenly realized: "Yes! I remembered! I fell asleep in the valley. By the way, what about Xiaoju?"

Thinking of the sentence mang, the little girl suddenly became anxious.

She fainted in the valley, and her brother was still in the valley!

But in the next second, she saw Jumang sleeping on the side, and suddenly heaved a sigh of relief.

At this moment, the mind body stepped forward, pressed a finger on Jumang's eyebrows, and absorbed all the mandala pollen that had penetrated into his sea of ​​consciousness.

After a while, Jumang also slowly opened his eyes.

Everyone showed joy.

"Small sentence!"

Xiao Luan'er is even more surprised!

"elder sister!"

Jumang saw Xiao Luan'er at first sight, and his eyes immediately showed joy.

My sister finally woke up!

The worries that had been suppressed in his heart could finally be put down.

"dad!"