Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Then, the little guy saw the mind body again, and immediately shouted affectionately.

He knew that this time, thanks to his father's help, he and his sister were rescued.

"Little guy, how do you feel?"

The mind body fondly touched Jumang's little head.

This little guy's soul body is extremely tough, and it can persist in the fog of mandala for so long, which is somewhat beyond Qin Feng's expectations.

In particular, in order to protect Xiao Luan'er, the little guy has been holding on to his mind until he arrives.

The time it supports is probably not worse than the threshold of the God King.

"Dad, I feel pretty good! After going through this fascinating fog, I have a lot of insights into the way of the soul. I feel that as long as I retreat, I can realize the way of the soul!"

Jumang said excitedly.

The mind body's eyes lit up: "Not bad! Not bad! Little guy, it seems that your chance has come! The road of the soul is the innate road. Since you have the idea of ​​enlightenment, it is not far from the real enlightenment. You hurry up and retreat. !"

Jumang nodded quickly: "Yeah!"

As soon as the voice fell, the little guy walked away.

The moment he woke up, he felt like he was about to enter a state of epiphany, and he had long wanted to go to retreat.

Just like that, Jumang left.

Di Jiang and several people looked at his back as he left, and they all showed envy.

"Wow! Brother Jumang is about to realize the Dao of epiphany! He has mastered the Dao of Wood and the Dao of Sun. If he needs to realize the Dao of Soul again, he has the potential to advance to half-step eternity."

Di Jiang sighs!

The little guy's tone was full of envy.

Only today has he mastered a space avenue.

"Yeah! Jumang's comprehension is extraordinary, stronger than the rest of us!"

Yu Xuanji also showed envy.

The mind body smiled: "Each has its own chance! You will also have your own chance! Alright! It's about this time, and I should be busy too!"

As soon as the voice fell, the mind body turned into nothingness and disappeared into the field.

Qin Feng was also full of expectations for Jumang's epiphany.

When the little guy has a successful epiphany, his strength will inevitably skyrocket, and it will be of great help to him.

Just like that, the mind body left.

At this time, Qingchengzi also bowed his hands to the girls.

"Several, Pindao is also going to take care of the ginseng fruit tree, so that it will mature as soon as possible, so I won't accompany it!"

Obviously, Qingchengzi was stimulated by Jumang's epiphany.

That little guy is so young, he has to master three avenues, one of which is the innate avenue, how could he not work hard?

As long as he cultivates the ginseng fruit to maturity, he will also be able to master the three great ways.

In the same way, after the ginseng fruit matures, it can also strengthen the chaotic space, which is also very beneficial to Qin Feng.

"Master Qing Guan, please do it!"

Yu Xuanji greeted with a smile.

Qingchengzi left.

After he left, the girls also felt that they should not waste time, so they took out their own resources and went into seclusion and refining in front of the light curtain.

They want to refine resources while paying attention to changes in the outside world

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

The body of Jiyang has completed the devouring of spiritual plants!

At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy.

With just this one swallowing, he has soared 900 million star combat power, which is several times greater than the harvest outside the valley!

Not only that, he also realized the rhyme of 21.7% of the Dao of Ecstasy.

According to this progress, he swallowed it four more times, and he could master the Dao of Fascinating Soul.

In short, such an improvement speed makes him very satisfied!

Having said that, after he skyrocketed his combat power by 900 million, his basic combat power soared from 76.3 billion to 77.2 billion stars.

It turned out that the very yin body was not idle while the polar yang body came to the rescue.

On the way to the 'land of the gods', the extreme yin body used spiritual plant devouring all the way, so that Qin Feng's combat power gradually increased from 75.8 billion to 76.3 billion.

Now, this combat power has skyrocketed to 77.2 billion!

The anode body is very satisfied with this!

This kind of strength made him more confident to face the three major demon kings.

"It's time to go!"

Ji Yang's body murmured in his heart and looked around.

Now, with him at the center, all the spiritual plants within a radius of 300 million miles have withered and become dead!

The red mist also turned white!

The mandala pollen in the mist was also devoured by him.

Ji Yang's body smiled, then dodged and hurried to the lair of the demon king...

Before he could escape for a while, he heard the sound of rapid air breaking from all directions.

Ji Yang's body was startled, and quickly spread out his consciousness to check.

In the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

It turned out that he devoured a large number of spiritual things, attracting hundreds of monsters to seek revenge.

In this regard, Ji Yang's body is not afraid at all, and continues to rush to the old nest of the scorpion...

At the same time, something was happening in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, deep in the east.

In that direction, there is a huge peach forest with a total of 3,601 peach trees, each of which exudes the rhythm of heaven.

In the very center of this peach forest, there is a peach tree that is hundreds of millions of feet tall!

The crown of the tree spreads out like a canopy covering the sky, covering thousands of miles around.

And the 3,600 peaches around it are only a thousand feet tall, but they are covered with fairy peaches.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If you look closely, you can see that the 3,600 peach trees are all derived from the roots of the huge peach tree in the center.

To put it bluntly, the entire peach forest is derived from the central peach tree.

The peach tree in the center is the spiritual root of heaven and earth—Xiantian Renshuipan peach tree!

There is also a fairy pond under the peach tree of Renshui.

The pool was filled with milky white spiritual liquid, and the fairy energy was lingering.

At this moment, a white-robed man with dragon scales on his forehead, eyes like phoenix pupils, and a majestic expression was standing beside the fairy pond.

This white-robed man is the Demon King of the East—You!

At this moment, he looked at a soul card in his hand with a face full of shock.

I saw that the soul card broke from it and split into two.

After a while, he looked away from the soul card and looked up at the location where the human-faced tiger leech was beheaded.

That soul card is a human-faced tiger leech!

"Tiger leech is an existence in the middle stage of the **** king! He was beheaded silently, and he didn't even have time to scream! It seems that a strong enemy is attacking!"

With this in mind, Qiang hurriedly took out the communication jade talisman and prepared to recall all the subordinates of the god-king level to prevent the strong enemy.

Chapter eight hundred and seventy-seven thousand years of peach! Yaochi Wonderland!

After a while, Yoongi finished sending the message.

After doing this, he stared at the fairy pond in front of him and waited silently.

Not long after, white light flashed behind him, and two demon gods appeared one after another.

As soon as the two gods and demons arrived, they respectfully bowed to Qiang.

"Chisel, Gale, I've seen Lord Demon King!"

The demon **** who claimed to be chisel-toothed was a majestic man with a blue complexion and a pair of huge incisors.

The demon **** who calls himself Gale, is a short, thin man in a green robe.

The breaths of the two demon gods have all reached the middle stage of the **** king, and they are extremely powerful!

There are three demon gods in the middle stage of the god-king under the command of the scorpion, namely the tiger leech, the chisel tooth, and the strong wind.

The tiger leech has been beheaded by the polar body, and now there are only chisel teeth and a big wind.

Hearing the movement behind him, Xiao Chen slowly turned around.

Da Feng hurriedly asked: "Sir, why did you summon the two of us?"

Qiang sighed: "Hey! The tiger leech has fallen!"

"what?!"

Gale and the two were shocked!

Shocked!

Immediately, Da Feng asked anxiously, "Sir, how did the tiger leech fall?"

Qiang smiled bitterly: "There is a strong enemy attacking! I just don't know, is the strong enemy attacking from a sneak attack, or fighting head-on?"

Tooth chiseled but couldn't believe it: "Sir, the area your subordinate is responsible for patrolling is adjacent to the area guarded by Tiger Leech. If Tiger Leech is attacked, your subordinates should be able to hear the sound of fighting, but I didn't hear anything. Be still!"

Qiang smiled bitterly: "If you say that, it's even more terrifying! Even if you didn't hear anything, it means that the enemy is stronger than I expected!"

The face of the chisel teeth changed slightly: "Sir, what do you think the strength of the enemy will be?"

Qiang pondered: "That depends on the situation! If the enemy attacked the tiger leech, it is estimated to have a combat power of 600 million stars. Only with such strength can he kill the tiger leech silently!"

"If the enemy is facing the tiger leech, its combat power is at least 700 million stars, so that the tiger leech can be killed with one blow, and it will be too late to let out its screams!"

After listening to this analysis, the chiseled teeth and the strong wind could not help but look at the ground, and they all changed.

You must know that the combat power of the scorpion is only about 600 million stars!

It's terrifying that the incoming person may have a combat power of 700 million!

At this time, Da Feng pondered for a while and said: "My lord, this subordinate thinks that the possibility of that person's sneak attack should be higher! Who will enter this Valley of Ten Thousand Demons and sway around?"

Chisel also nodded quickly: "That's right! I also think it was a sneak attack! I think that person has a maximum combat power of 600 million, and there is absolutely no 700 million."

Yan Kun smiled bitterly: "Even if it is 600 million combat power, it is equivalent to the deity. It is definitely a hot hand!"

Chiseled teeth comforted: "Sir, you don't have to worry! As long as we gather all the god-king-level demon gods here, and join forces together, even if the opponent has 800 million combat power, we are not afraid! Besides, the enemy is not that strong! "

Da Feng's eyes lit up: "This method is feasible!"

Qiang nodded slightly: "This deity is planning to do this! However, since the enemy has killed the tiger leech, how can I let him go? This time, the deity is going to kill him to avenge the tiger leech!"

Da Feng was surprised: "Sir, do you have a solution?"

The chiseled teeth are also shining in both eyes, and my heart is overjoyed!

Qiang smiled coldly: "Of course there is a way! Dafeng, you are fast! You go to the western region now and invite the two demon kings to help! Tell them, as long as they are willing to help, I am willing to give away a thousand peaches!"

"Sir! Give so much?"

The two of them exclaimed.

Afterwards, the two looked up at the peach trees around them, and their eyes were aching.

Qiang said helplessly: "I can't bear to bear the child! I can't catch the wolf! Although I have a good relationship with those two demon kings, I ask them to do it for free, I'm afraid they will not be able to work hard!"