Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Da Feng took a deep breath: "My subordinates understand!"

Qiang said again: "Time is running out! Go now!"

"Yes!"

The gale promised to set off...

"That's right! Tell those two demon kings again! If they can help me kill the incoming enemy! I can double the amount of peaches I donate!"

Qiang asked again.

The wind and the roar all moved.

Afterwards, Da Feng took a deep breath: "Sir, you still have a brilliant idea! You promised such a lot of money, and those two will definitely come to help!"

Qiang smiled proudly: "This is what this deity wants! Go ahead!"

"Yes!"

As soon as the wind retreated, it turned into a cyan whirlwind and went to the western area of ​​Wanmo Valley for help.

Looking at the direction where the wind was leaving, Qiangchen felt emotional.

The three devil kings jointly guard the Valley of Ten Thousand Devils, and they have signed a contract with each other, not to kill each other and fight for treasures.

Therefore, even if the two demon kings really wanted his Peach Spirit Fruit, they would not dare to breach the contract and scramble for it.

Now, he took the initiative to send out 2,000 peaches for help, and he would definitely be able to get the help of the two great demon kings.

At this time, the sound of chiseling teeth sounded in the ears of the scorpion.

"My lord, those two are the peak powers of the **** kings, and you are the three peak powers of the **** kings. In this way, even if the enemy has 700 million combat power, there will be no return!"

Speaking of which, Chig-tooth's eyes are full of pride.

He is full of confidence in the next battle.

What's more, he doesn't think that the enemy has 700 million combat power.

Qiang even laughed without saying a word.

He also thinks that he arranged it perfectly.

The two of them didn't know that they both underestimated the combat power of Ji Yang's body.

Ji Yang's body is not only 700 million combat power, but 77.2 billion.

In addition, in the chaotic space of Jiyang's body, there are six messengers such as Di Jiang.

With the back-feeding of Di Jiang and others' combat power, the combat power of Ji Yang's body has exceeded 800 million stars.

"By the way! Your lord, have you summoned all the demon gods in the early days of the **** king?"

At this moment, Chisel reminded again.

Qiang smiled slightly: "I have given them an order! They should all be on their way back!"

Chitooth sighed in relief: "That's good! That's right! I don't know if this time, the enemy will come first, or the wind and the two demon kings will come first?"

He smiled confidently: "The wind is extremely fast, and he is familiar with the terrain in the valley. He should be unfamiliar with the hostile Ten Thousand Demons Valley, and the speed is not necessarily faster than the wind. He also has to deal with the fog in the valley."

"With such an analysis, he wants to find the deity's lair, but I'm afraid it won't be so easy. It is estimated that when the wind and those two arrive, the enemy may not be able to arrive!"

After listening to this analysis, Chig-tooth's eyes lit up, he felt it made sense, and he couldn't help showing joy.

At the moment, the two demon gods stood beside the fairy pond with confidence, waiting for many subordinates to come together...

They didn't know that Jiyang's body was not only extremely fast, but also had a map of the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons in his hands.

Now, Ji Yang's body is heading straight for their old nest, and the progress is far beyond their expectations...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

At this moment, in the eastern area of ​​Ten Thousand Demons Valley, beside a dry creek.

Ji Yang's body looked around, and all eyes were withered spiritual plants.

He couldn't help but smile.

Just now, he performed the second Spirit Plant Devouring, and his combat power soared by 920 million stars!

The Dao rhyme perception of Fascinating Avenue has also increased to 43.2%!

During this process, the very yin body also completed a spiritual plant swallowing, and it also increased its combat power by 180 million stars.

·

As a result, the combat power of Jiyang's body has reached 78.3 billion stars.

"I'll be there soon! I don't know if that Demon King has noticed anything abnormal?"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body is looking at the direction of the old nest of the scorpion.

He murmured something in his heart and continued to rush in that direction...

At the same time, somewhere in the secret realm.

Cheng Huang and Baicheng are also on their way at full speed.

"Lord Cheng Huang, how far are we from Qin Feng now?"

At this time, Bai Cheng asked curiously.

Cheng Huang glanced at the gambling map before answering, "It's still 3 billion miles away!"

Bai Cheng was delighted: "3 billion miles! That's fast! Speaking of which, there are really too few god-king monsters in this secret realm! We came this way and only encountered two god-king level monsters, and they were both. In the early days of the God King."

"In this way, it is really difficult for us to find the monsters at the peak of the God King!"

Cheng Huang nodded slightly: "It's really difficult! However, it's a good thing! If it's so difficult, Qin Feng's child will definitely not be found. Then we can only wait for us to find him and kill him. As long as he is killed, We won't win the bet!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of them smiled knowingly.

In the next second, the two of them accelerated towards the main body of Jiyang...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed.

In the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, near the old nest of the scorpion, the figure of Jiyang's body appeared.

Right now, Ji Yang's body has always been blessed with a "silent body", and even the peak power of the God King cannot detect his existence.

At this time, he looked at the Demon King's lair in the distance, with a very cautious expression!

Along the way, he found that he encountered fewer and fewer monsters, which was obviously unreasonable.

It stands to reason that the closer you are to the Demon King's lair, the more monsters there should be.

Such an abnormality shows that the demon king has already discovered something, and will soon shrink the combat power of his subordinates back to his old nest.

It was because of this idea that he displayed his body of annihilation and approached quietly.

He wants to find out the enemy's situation first, and then it's not too late to take action...

"There should be the old nest of the scorpion!"

At this moment, Jiyang's body is hidden behind a bush, looking ahead...

Thirty miles ahead, there is a huge peach forest, the trees are full of attractive peaches, exuding a refreshing fruity fragrance, which can be smelled from a distance.

If you look closely, you can see that the peach forest is divided into three layers.

There are 1,200 peach trees in the outer layer, which are slightly shorter.

There are 1,200 peach trees in the middle layer, which are much taller.

The 1,200 peach trees in the inner layer grew even taller.

At the very center, there is a towering peach tree with a height of hundreds of millions of feet, but it does not bear a single spiritual peach.

Ji Yang was very curious, so he first peeped at the 1,200 peach trees in the outermost layer of the peach forest...

[Ren Shui Pan Peach Tree (outer layer): the level of good fortune, the branches of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, can bear a thousand-year-old pan peach]

[Millennium Peach: Spiritual fruit, the best god-level, edible can improve combat power, increase a hundred years of life, and at the same time obtain 1% Dao Yun of Morning Dew Avenue]

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, full of surprises.

The peach forest in front of him was actually a branch of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, and he finally found the old nest of the scorpion.

Having said that, he hasn't mastered the Avenue of Morning Dew yet.

After eating this thousand-year-old peach, you can actually get the Avenue of Morning Dew. Isn't this a great opportunity!

Looking at the surrounding peach trees, there are thousands of peach trees on them, enough for him to awaken a great avenue.

correct!

On the middle peach tree, there are peaches, which are obviously redder and bigger. I don't know what the effect is?

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body continued to spy on the middle-level peach forest. Xiao.

Chapter 878 Kill the Demon King! Happily win the bet!

Soon, Jiyang Ontology spied the information of the middle peach forest

[Ren Shui Pan Peach Tree (middle layer): the level of good fortune, the branches of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, can bear 'three thousand years of pan peach']

[Three-thousand-year-old peaches: Spiritual fruits, top-grade gods, eating one of them can greatly improve the combat power, and can increase the lifespan of five hundred years, and at the same time can obtain 3% Dao Yun of the Health Dao]

The anode body showed joy again.

Health Avenue!

Another avenue he didn't grasp.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

This 'health avenue' can increase the upper limit of lifespan, so eating a 'three thousand year peach' can increase the lifespan by 5 years, and can increase the rhythm of health preservation by 3%.

In this way, as long as he eats 334 pills, he can obtain the avenue of health preservation.

Looking at the 1,200 peach trees in the middle layer, each tree bears three or four spiritual peaches, and there are four or five thousand spiritual peaches in total, which is enough for him to awaken to the Derivative Dao.

Not only is it enough for him, but it can also be used by his confidants.

For example, if Jumang, Yu Xuanji, and Qiyue are all good at water and wood, they can master the way of health preservation.

What's more, these peach spirit roots can always bear spirit peach, and so on if it is an inexhaustible resource.

In the future, whoever Long Yuan's disciples have talent in this area can focus on training them.

The more you think about the anode body, the more cool it becomes!

Of course, it takes a thousand years for a thousand-year-old peach to bear one.

It takes three thousand years for a three-thousand-year-old peach to bear one.

This time cost is very high, and it is not easy to get one!

However, at present, this peach tree is full of fruit.

The anode body can be picked and eaten now!

correct!

The 1,200 peach trees in the innermost layer have the largest and most reddish peach trees, and the effect should be better.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body peeked out to the innermost peach forest

I saw the 1,200 peach trees in the innermost layer, each of which only bears three spiritual peaches, but it is more than double the size of the spiritual peaches in the middle layer, and the fruity fragrance is more attractive.

Soon, the body of the pole spy on the information

[Ren Shui Pan Peach Tree (Inner Layer): The level of good fortune, the branches of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, can bear the 'Wannian Peach']

[Ten-thousand-year-old Peach: Spiritual fruit, top-quality god-level, eating it can greatly improve combat power, and can increase one thousand years of life, and at the same time can obtain 5% Dao Yun of the avenue of years]

[The Avenue of the Years: the top ten Acquired Avenue, the power is infinitely close to the Innate Avenue]

[Reminder: The Avenue of the Years needs to control the SS-level space-time law in order to understand it]

Talents are divided into four seasons, people are divided into spring and autumn!

The four seasons are in rotation, and the years are impermanent!