Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Swish~!

I saw that in his hand, a beam of sword light suddenly lit up the sky, facing the attack of the fission body...

That sword slashed, tearing the world apart, and the momentum suddenly reached 800 million stars, far exceeding the combat power of the scorpion itself!

At this moment, Qiang also clearly sensed that the momentum of the fission body in front of him had reached 600 million stars, on par with him.

But in terms of attack power, he has magical powers and treasures to help him, and can reach 800 million stars, which should be stronger than this human being!

With this thought in mind, Qiang slashed towards the fission body on the opposite side with a full-strength sword!

He wants to blast this human with a sword and take the initiative!

At the same moment, the fission variant also slashed down with a single sword!

Just as he slashed out that sword, he suddenly launched a knowing strike!

A sense of invincibility radiated from him!

The power of that sword suddenly doubled!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the two swords intersect!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony, sound waves swaying!

The shock shattered the void, the ground cracked, and boulders flew everywhere!

In the next second, Qiang groaned, was shocked by the sword and vomited blood and flew out!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

At the same moment, the sound of a long sword entering the flesh came from all around!

It was the other eleven fission variants that split the eleven demon gods, including Chisel Tooth, into two halves!

For a time, blood splattered again and again!

Chisel and other eleven demon gods were killed on the spot before they could even scream!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the twelve fission bodies merged into one, and the polar body appeared again!

As soon as he appeared, he looked at the demon king, who was thousands of feet away!

I saw that after the scorpion stabilized his body, he didn't even have time to wipe the blood on the corner of his mouth, so he looked over in horror!

At this moment, there was an unbelievable look in his eyes!

He originally thought that the strength of the incoming enemy was comparable to himself, but he did not expect to be much stronger than himself!

Even if a fission variant is separated, under the same basic combat power, it completely crushes him!

What frightened him even more was that eleven of his subordinates, including Chisel Tooth, were killed in a single glance!

With such strength, he is no match at all!

Thinking of this, Qiangyu suddenly thought of retreating!

"Huh! That's..."

At this time, the gaze of Ji Yang's body fell on the long sword in the hands of Qiang.

It was a divine sword with a gap, and the breath on it suddenly reached the level of creation...

As soon as Ji Yang's mind moved, he spy on it...

[Absolute Heaven Sword (Broken): Innate Divine Artifact, Good Fortune Grade, comes with the 'Road of Destruction', has recognized the master]

[Reminder: quest item, kill its owner, you can re-identify the owner]

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

Isn't this the quest sword he was looking for!

As long as he kills the scorpion, he can get it!

The anode body suddenly became excited.

Swah~!

But it was only when he had this thought, that Qiang suddenly turned around and fled towards the western area.

He didn't even want his old nest, so he wanted to join the other two demon kings.

As long as he joins with the two demon kings, Feng Xi and Kui Lang, he will not be afraid of Ji Yang's body.

In the blink of an eye, he escaped a thousand feet away!

"Can you escape?"

Ji Yang's body sneered, then stepped out, and instantly came to the back of the scorpion!

At that moment, Qiangyi sensed the momentum emanating from the body of Jiyang, and suddenly reached 78.3 billion stars, which was infinitely close to the Great Perfection of the King of God.

This made his face change greatly!

But he still roared in his mouth: "Human! This deity has mastered the avenue of life, and is not afraid of being injured! And your strength is not much stronger than mine, you can't kill me! Besides, my reinforcements are coming soon! Don't do useless work. !"

He shouted hard in his mouth, but he was actually frightened.

He wanted to use these words to scare away the body of the polar yang, in order to protect himself!

Ji Yang's body sneered and didn't bother to pay attention.

At the same moment, seven colors of divine light suddenly lit up on his body.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, he put on a seven-color divine armor, which was the seven-transformation divine armor!

In the next second, the Heaven Punishing Sword in his hand and the Seven Transformations Divine Armor all lit up with dazzling light!

Om~! Om~!

Two great fortune-telling artifacts, instantly complete the unity of human and machine!

The momentum of Jiyang Ontology has skyrocketed wildly, and in a blink of an eye, 1.6 billion stars have been added, and the comprehensive momentum has reached 79.9 billion stars!

Qiang's face changed greatly, and he had to speed up to escape!

hum~~!

But at this moment, six golden lights lit up continuously on Jiyang's body.

His aura also skyrocketed!

In the blink of an eye, he had soared by about 8 billion in combat power, and his comprehensive momentum had skyrocketed to 88 billion stars, properly entering the level of the Great Perfection of the God King!

That is why he performed the "Sacrificial Faith", and obtained the blessing of 8 billion combat power from the six people of Dijiang!

The scorpion was terrified!

He never thought that Ji Yang's body had such a means to greatly improve his combat power in such a short period of time!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he didn't even think about it, and ran to the west at full speed...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Ji Yang's body is a rapid sprint, chasing and killing...

With his movement, the sky and the earth roared, and the sea of ​​fog was monstrous!

In the blink of an eye, he caught up with You, and with a sword in the sky, he slashed down!

A knowing strike is also instantly activated!

The attack of that sword suddenly doubled. Suddenly reached 176 billion stars!

Horror to the extreme!

sigh~ la~!

A crisp sound!

That sword cut through the sky, the sword energy enveloped thousands of miles, and locked the scorpion!

"No~~!"

The scorpion screamed in horror!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, he was locked in the Qi machine and could not escape!

He had to bite the bullet and unleash the strongest attack to meet the slash with all his strength!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

Mixed with blood!

Ji Yang's body smashed the long sword in Fei's hand with a single sword, blasting one of his arms, extremely powerful!

The Yu Wei of that sword continued to slash down!

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That sword, Yu Wei, split the scorpion into two halves!

But all this is not over, Ji Yang's body is shaking with a long sword!

Swish~! Swish~!

He made four more swords in a row, and the swords and swords were all knowing strikes, directly beheading the corpse of the scorpion more than a dozen!

The soul body hidden in its corpse was severely injured!

Now, Qin Feng has mastered the avenue of the heart, and he can make five swords in ten minutes with a single blow!

"Ah~~!"

A painful roar!

The corpse of the scorpion suddenly exploded, turning into a fog of blood.

Then the blood mist gathered, and it was about to be resurrected!

That scorpion isn't dead yet!

The Divine King's peak power is extremely difficult to kill, and his soul body is also extremely tenacious.

Ji Yang's body sneered, his eyebrows suddenly opened, and a ray of divine punishment was shot out, penetrating the blood mist!

puff~!

A soft sound!

A shrill roar came from the blood fog!

The scorpion is completely dead!

The anode body also breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally killed the existence of a god-king peak, and it belongs to a relatively powerful god-king peak!

Next, he will have a big harvest!

correct!

If he killed the scorpion, he won the bet with Chenghuang!

That betting map will also disappear!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body quickly glanced at the gambling map, and found that Cheng Huang was approaching the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!

The distance between the two sides is only 1.3 billion miles!

At the same moment, outside the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!