Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cheng Huang and Bai Cheng are on their way at full speed...

At this moment, they entered a barren place, surrounded by dead spiritual plants.

It makes them rush very depressing!

In fact, those spiritual plants that died were all swallowed up by the polar body.

The lot they passed was the place where the polar sun body once passed by.

"It's really weird! In this radius of hundreds of millions of miles, all the spiritual plants have withered away, leaving no trace of spiritual energy, and I don't know what happened?"

Baicheng murmured.

Cheng Huang also nodded slightly: "It's really weird! Not only will there be no spiritual plants, but even monsters and players will not be encountered. This makes us go all the way, without any gain!"

Speaking of which, Cheng Huang looked a little depressed.

Bai Cheng hurriedly persuaded 330 Wei: "Sir, you don't have to be sullen! We will meet Qin Feng soon! As long as you kill Qin Feng and win this bet, you will not only get a road, but also Win 100 million star power!"

With this reminder, Cheng Huang laughed!

That's right!

His bet this time was a bloodbath.

In addition to gambling on the avenue, he also wagered an additional 100 million star power.

When he thought that he would soon win 100 million combat power, he was a little excited.

"Right! Sir, how far are we from Qin Feng now?"

Bai Cheng asked curiously again.

Cheng Huang glanced at the map and said, "There are still 1.3 billion miles!"

Bai Cheng was overjoyed: "That's fast!"

Cheng Huang smiled: "Let's go! Go and kill that kid early, and the deity will feel at ease sooner!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of them smiled knowingly.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, there was a sudden roar from the sky!

The whole secret is shaking...

The next second, the voice of Tiandao sounded above the secret realm...

[Betting reminder: The bet between player ‘Cheng Huang’ and player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) is over! The gambling map has disappeared! 】

The bet is over? !

The smile on Bai Cheng's face froze instantly!

Cheng Huang's face changed greatly!

This familiar scene has appeared again!

Is it...

Soon, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[Betting reminder: It was detected that the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) was the first to kill a god-king peak-level monster! Therefore, Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) won this bet]

Boom~!

The whole secret is completely fried!

All the players were stunned!

Gosh!

Lord Qin Feng actually killed the god-king peak-level monster!

It turns out that he is also the peak strength of the God King!

At this moment, the players were amazed in their hearts!

Boom~!

On the other side, Cheng Huang's legs were soft, his eyes were black, and he almost fell to the ground!

Lost!

He actually lost!

Then he will lose two avenues and 100 million star combat power!

Thinking of this, Cheng Huang felt a burst of qi and blood in his heart, and he almost vomited blood on the spot.

Chapter 880 Seven Killing Divine Body! Pray for guidance!

Just when Cheng Huang was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood, the sky roared again!

[Betting reminder: congratulations to player Qin Feng for winning the 'Blessing Avenue' and the 'Tidal Avenue', and now the reward and punishment mechanism is implemented! 】

Om~!

As the reminder of Tiandao sounded, a black beam of light descended from the sky, shrouding Cheng Huang's body...

The invisible power of the Great Dao quickly penetrated into his whole body...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the sound of cracking continued to come out of Cheng Huang's body...

The avenue begins to peel!

He screamed in pain!

Bai Cheng was at a loss!

It didn't take long for Cheng Huang to be stripped of two light groups, one gold and one white.

The golden one is Taiqing Daojing (blessing), which contains the avenue of blessing.

The white one is Taiqing Daojing (tidal), which contains the tidal avenue.

huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the rays of light flashed, and the two Dao Crystals disappeared out of thin air!

The black beam of light on Cheng Huang dissipated along with it!

His whole person slumped, and his combat power plummeted by 8 billion stars!

Cheng Huang originally understood the four avenues, but he lost two bets in a row, and all the four avenues were lost, thus losing the foundation of the road!

This caused him to drop 8 billion battle power in one round, which was even more miserable than the original Zidi!

Today, his combat power is only 51 billion stars!

Bai Cheng was completely dumbfounded!

After a while, Cheng Huangcai opened his eyes tiredly, his eyes full of resentment.

Bai Cheng swallowed his saliva, and was just about to say a few words of consolation, when Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Betting reminder: The player added 100 million star combat power by the yellow, and the game failed, deducting 100 million combat power! Player 'Qin Feng' won 100 million combat power reward]

Om~!

As the prompt sounded, another black beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Cheng Huang...

Immediately afterwards, taking advantage of Huang's momentum, it began to plummet wildly!

"No~~!"

The next second, in the black beam of light, there was a desperate cry of Chenghuang!

Bai Cheng was stunned! …

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

Jiyang body also heard Tiandao's announcement...

Soon, a milky white beam of light descended from the sky and landed in front of him...

After a while, a golden Dao crystal and a white Dao crystal fell in front of him along the beam of light...

That is Taiqing Daojing (blessing) and Taiqing Daojing (tidal)!

Two more roads!

Ji Yang's body happily put away the Dao Jing and sent it into the chaotic space!

Before he could be happy, a clear chirping came from the sky again!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, another golden reward beam of light fell on him...

The reward of 100 million combat power has arrived!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the momentum of Jiyang's body began to skyrocket wildly!

He was amazed!

Then, he closed his eyes and comfortably enjoyed the rapid increase in combat power!

The thrill of rapidly becoming stronger filled his heart!

It's wonderful!

After a long time, the golden reward beam slowly dissipated...

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

In such a short time, his combat power has skyrocketed by 100 million, and his basic combat power has reached 88.3 billion stars. He has properly entered the level of God King Dzogchen!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao's prompt came again...

【End of reward and punishment】

[Player Chenghuang lost Blessing Avenue, Tidal Avenue, and 100 million star combat power]

[Player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) gets Taiqing Daojing (blessing), Taiqing Daojing (tidal), 100 million stars]

[Congratulations to Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) for winning this bet! Received 20,000 prestige points]

[Congratulations to Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) for winning the Dao-level bet three times in a row! Get 3 additional prestige points]

Om~!

The sky is shaking!

The prestige reward beam of light fell on the body of Jiyang!

His reputation has increased, and it has reached 330,000 points in a blink of an eye!

The anode body is very comfortable!

This time, he really won the bet!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But before he was happy, more than a dozen white lights flew out of thin air and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing the demon king, the pinnacle of the **** king, and obtained +40,000 trillion energy points and +130,000 gold judgment points]

[You killed the monster 鮮貐 (the pinnacle of the **** king) and got 3 holy land points]

[You succeeded in killing the devil king (the pinnacle of the **** king), and a chaotic treasure chest (complete state) was exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the demon king, the peak of the king of the gods, and the sword of the heavenly remnant (fortune-telling level) burst out]

[You succeeded in killing the demon king (the pinnacle of the **** king), and the avenue treasure chest **** card (dao level) was released]

[Reminder: The first-killed demon king in this secret will reveal the avenue treasure chest card]

[You successfully killed the Demon God Chisel (mid-stage God King) and gained +2411 trillion points of energy…