[You killed the Demon God Shaomang...

...

It turned out that after Ji Yang had killed more than a dozen demon gods, he began to feed him back!

In just a moment, he absorbed all the feedback, and his body continuously lit up with an upgraded white light...

【Your level is promoted to level 89】

[Your vocation is promoted to level 83 Hongmeng Supreme]

[Your vocation is promoted to level 84 Hongmeng Supreme]

...

The vocation has been upgraded again and again!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile.

He looked around again and saw that the ground was full of treasure chests and loot!

Among them are the Absolute Heaven Sword that he cares about most, and the God Card (Dao level) of the avenue treasure chest.

The avenue treasure chest **** card!

He is expected to synthesize a second Dao-level treasure chest again.

According to Tiandao's prompt, it will only explode if the first Demon King is killed.

This **** card is extremely rare!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body stepped forward to collect the spoils!

Meanwhile, on the other side.

Take the yellow cry and stop!

The black light of punishment on him has dissipated!

At this moment, his whole person suddenly aged hundreds of years, and his black hair turned white, from the appearance of a middle-aged man to that of an old man.

Bai Cheng, who was beside him, was amazed.

At this moment, Bai Cheng's eyes were full of sympathy.

Master Cheng Huang is really miserable!

It lost two games in a row!

All four avenues have been lost, and the Dao foundation has been lost in one fell swoop!

What's even more terrifying is that he also lost 100 million star combat power!

In this way, Master Cheng Huang's combat power is only 41 billion stars, and only reaches the threshold of the peak of the **** king!

How strange!

This second match was a must-win game, but Master Cheng Huang actually lost!

Could it be that Qin Feng really has the peak combat power of the God King?

Isn't he in the False God realm?

How could a False God realm have the strength of the peak of the God King? !

Bai Cheng couldn't figure it out at all!

The fact that Qin Feng is in the False God Realm has long been confirmed by Zidi and others.

Because Emperor Zi and others witnessed it with their own eyes, Qin Feng entered the secret realm of False God Realm in the first round of chance.

Therefore, Bai Cheng and others know that Qin Feng's realm is definitely not disguised.

Just like this, Bai Cheng was even more shocked in his heart.

He couldn't accept that a False God realm could have the strength to kill the peak of the God King!

It was at this moment that Cheng Huang calmed down.

He raised his head slightly and looked in the direction of Ji Yang's body, his eyes became extremely cold.

He can't accept the fact of losing!

"Baicheng, do you think Qin Feng has the strength to kill the peak of the king of gods?"? "

After a long time, Cheng Huang spoke in a deep voice.

His voice became old and hoarse.

Bai Cheng quickly responded: "Sir, Bai thinks it's impossible! That little thief is only in the illusory realm! How could he have the strength to kill the peak of the **** king?"

Bai Cheng's tone was as respectful as usual!

Even though Cheng Huang was repeatedly hit hard, he still had the power of a god-king peak, which should not be underestimated!

"You also think he doesn't?"

Cheng Huang's tone was still hoarse!

Bai Cheng smiled bitterly: "Sir, Bai really can't think of it, how could a False God realm have the combat power of the peak of the God King? This should be absolutely impossible!"

Cheng Huang sighed: "."Hey! The deity also thinks it's impossible! But how did the little thief kill a monster at the peak of the **** king and win this bet?!"

"This..." Bai Cheng took a deep breath, "Sir, Bai thinks that Qin Feng was able to win this bet by borrowing external force and luck!"

Cheng Huang was stunned: "How do you say this?"

Bai Cheng said in a low voice: "Sir, Bai feels that Qin Feng should have encountered a very weak demon king, that is, the kind that just reached the threshold of the peak of the **** king."

"Then, he relied on the help of many subordinates and used some strategies to consume the demon king to death!"

Cheng Huang's eyes lit up: "If you say so, there is indeed a possibility! Otherwise, with his true strength, there is absolutely no possibility of killing the peak of the God King!"

Bai Cheng nodded slightly: "Sir, what should we do next?"

Cheng Huang smiled coldly: "Humph! That little thief caused me to lose four avenues in a row and lose tens of billions of combat power. How can I let him continue to do what he wants?"

"Let's go! Let's continue looking for the little thief! This deity will kill him with his own hands! Completely cut off his chance!"

Bai Cheng nodded again and again: "That's how it should be! Your lord, with the combined power of you and me, we can definitely kill that little thief!"

Bai Cheng's tone was full of confidence.

Cheng Huang also sneered: "I'm not a mindless monster, that little thief wants to use a trick, but it's not easy! Go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Cheng Huang's figure flashed, and he continued to rush in the direction of Wanmo Valley.

Baicheng is also close behind!

Although the gambling map has disappeared, Cheng Huang still remembers the location of Ji Yang's body.

In order to take revenge, he naturally wants to go there in person!

However, he and Bai Cheng were both self-righteous.

Up to now, they think that Qin Feng relied on luck and the help of his subordinates to kill a very weak demon king.

If you let them know, Ji Yang's body killed a demon king with a combat power of 600 million, and he killed it in a few face-to-face encounters.

Cheng Huang and the two will definitely regret their decision at this time!

In short, Qin Feng's realm is too confusing.

Cheng Huang and the two did not cry when they saw the coffin, and continued to hunt down the door.

In the blink of an eye, the two figures disappeared into the thick fog.

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

The anode body has cleaned up the spoils.

Now, he has 4 complete Chaos Treasure Chests in his hands.

Incomplete Chaos Treasure Chest, there are 6 pieces.

In addition, he already has the Dao Treasure Box God Card, and the most difficult problem of synthesizing Dao-level treasure boxes has been solved.

Next, he just needs to continue beheading those demon kings and demon gods and collect enough treasure chests.

In addition, he got 3 points for beheading the scorpion, 1 point for beheading the chisel, and 30 points each for beheading the demon **** in the early stage of the king...

As a result, the total points of the anode body reached 3807 points.

This makes him very satisfied!

"Next, it's time for me to hand over this Divine Sword mission!"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body looked at the Heavenly Sword in his hand, and smiled again.

As soon as this task is submitted, he will get a huge reward again.

Chapter 881 Title Advancement! Hundreds of billions of combat power!

At the moment, Ji Yang's body looked at the incompleteness of the 'Absolute Heaven Sword'.

I saw a cracked gap on the left side of the divine sword, and many cracks extended to the sword body.

As long as he completes this incompleteness, the mission of the Heavenly Sword is complete.

Thinking of this, the palm of Ji Yang's body turned over, and there was a fragment of the divine sword in the palm, which exuded an astonishing aura of slaughter!

That is the broken sword fragment that Jue Xing Sword transformed into.

hum~~!

The shards of the remnant sword appeared!

The Heaven's Remnant Sword trembled, and it resonated!

In the next second, the two things lit up with golden light at the same time!

Immediately afterwards, the fragment of the broken sword flew to the gap of the broken sword,

automatic fusion

It didn't take long for the fragments and the blade to merge into one!

A complete 'Sword of Heaven' appeared, bursting out with endless divine light, radiating thousands of miles, it was amazing!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Task reminder: Congratulations on finding the complete Heavenly Sword! The Heavenly Sword has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master! 】

[Absolute Heaven Sword: Fortune Grade, contains the Dao of Destruction, and can feed back 400 million stars in combat power]

[Congratulations on getting the mission reward of this stage: Awakening the Avenue of Destruction! 】

Om~!

As soon as this prompt came out, a white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the body of Jiyang.

In the next second, the endless power of Dao Rhythm will frantically pour into his sea of ​​consciousness

[Reward reminder: congratulations on your understanding of the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Avenue of Destruction, your combat power +160 million stars]

[Congratulations on your awakening to the Avenue of Acquired - the Avenue of Destruction! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +220 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has successfully integrated the Avenue of Destruction and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 220 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the momentum of Jiyang's body rose wildly again.

After a long time, all the movement disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of surprises.

He has awakened another avenue!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In this way, the number of avenues he mastered by 330 reached 49, and he was one last avenue away from being promoted to 'Senior Evangelist'.

Having said that, he awakened the Dao of Destruction, and his basic combat power soared to 88.9 billion stars again!

He is very satisfied with this!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.