Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Your six-sense talent has been promoted to level B, and your skill Beast Control (level 3) will automatically be advanced to psychic (level 4). 】

[Spirituality: A fourth-order skill, this technique can be applied to a pet to increase its combat power by 60%. 】Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Fuck it~!

As soon as the six sense talents are upgraded, the power of the two skills has skyrocketed.

In particular, the animal control technique was directly promoted to the fourth-order skill.

Tier 4 skills!

Having seen the power of the ice storm, he already understood the power of Tier 4 skills.

Having said that, spiritism is indeed powerful.

Performing this technique can actually increase the strength of the pet by 60%, making it as powerful as one.

correct!

He is having a pet egg - Huo Luan pet.

It has a trace of the bloodline of the super mythical beast Suzaku, and when it reaches adulthood, it has a prefectural level combat power.

After he hatched Huo Luan, he could use psychics and let Huo Luan fight side by side with him.

At that time, maybe, he will really have the ability to defeat the punisher.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more delighted he became, and he was full of expectations for the Heavenly Punishment Assessment.

Having said that, in a few hours, he should give the second drop of blood to the pet egg.

It turned out that the Huo Luan battle pet egg needs to be dripped with a drop of blood essence every 24 hours for hatching.

After three days, the shell can be broken out.

correct!

When the three queen bees were killed just now, three wonders of the world—gold-level royal jelly—were revealed.

I don't know what's the use of those?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng immediately rushed back.

Moments later, he found the bodies of the three queen bees.

I saw a mass of golden honey syrup floating on the three corpses, exuding a seductive fragrance.

[Gold-level royal jelly: Wonders of heaven and earth, one of the main materials for refining intermediate-level enlightenment pills. 】

[Intermediate Comprehension Pill: Fourth-order elixir, after taking refining, there is a certain chance that a certain talent of oneself will evolve. 】

0

[Reminder: The efficacy of the intermediate-level perception pill is only useful for talents below A-level. Talents that exceed Grade A are invalid. 】

wow!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The main material of the fourth-order elixir!

Absolutely great value!

What's more, it is still the material for refining the elixir to enhance talent, which is very useful!

Up to now, Qin Feng has realized that talent is more important than level.

As long as you work hard to kill monsters, you will be able to improve your level sooner or later.

It is extremely difficult to upgrade one level of talent.

That mid-level comprehension pill will definitely be of great use to him in the future.

And three groups of golden royal jelly should be able to refine three intermediate-level perception pills.

Thinking of this, he happily put away three **** of royal jelly.

Then, his heart moved again, and he strode towards the three beehives not far away.

The three beehives were huge, each of them tens of meters long.

Qin Feng walked to the nearest beehive and opened it with force, only to find that there was honey in it.

[Gold-level honey: Wonders of heaven and earth, one of the main materials for refining primary perception pills. 】

[Primary Comprehension Pill: Tier 3 Spirit Pill, after taking refining, there is a certain chance that a certain talent of oneself will evolve. 】

[Reminder: The efficacy of the Primary Comprehension Pill is only useful for talents below Grade B. Talents that exceed Grade B are invalid. 】

Ha ha!

Another amazing discovery!

It turns out that this honey is also a wonder of heaven and earth, and the quantity is more.

In that huge hive, there are at least ten copies of gold-grade honey.

At the moment, he is in a good mood to collect honey.

It didn't take long for him to collect thirty-six pieces of gold-grade honey from the three beehives, and put them all into the storage ring.

Just because of this, his storage ring was so full that he couldn't hold anything else.

After all, what he has in his hand is just a primary storage ring.

And he has been killing all the way, and he has gained a lot along the way, and the space for the primary storage ring really can't hold it.

correct!

He also has a ring!

The next second, Qin Feng's hand flashed, and another storage ring was added.

It was obtained by killing the strongest resentful spirit messenger, and it was also a primary storage ring.

There is also the resentful spirit messenger, some items left behind, I don't know if there are treasures in them.

It's just that Qin Feng has been too busy and has no time to check, so he will use this storage ring first.

With this in mind, Qin Feng put on the storage ring and began to clear the battlefield.

After half an hour, he finally cleaned up the battlefield, and once again the harvest was full.

He also left contentedly.

Now that the time is running out, he has to rush to the last destination as soon as possible - Hell Mountain, and collect the last core of the king

Chapter 108 Accidentally discovered, a shortcut to upgrade!

When Qin Feng walked to the Taniguchi of Wanhua Valley, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of novice cabins above level 1 in Longyuan Village has reached 100. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were surprised.

good! good!

The fourth condition to upgrade the village is fulfilled.

In this way, there is only one last condition left, and Longyuan Village can be upgraded to a level 1 village.

As the village is upgraded, a lot of benefits will follow.

All villagers will benefit.

Of course, it is Qin Feng who has benefited the most.

The last condition is that there are more than 10 strong people in the village who have reached level 10 or above.

"By the way, how is Liu Xuan's upgrade progress?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned on the Tiandao light screen and entered the ranking channel.

[Longyuan Village Level Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng, level 14

Second place: Liu Yuan, level 9

Third place: Liu Xuan, level 9.

Fourth place: Lei Jue, level 9

Fifth place: Longshan, level 9.

Sixth place: Wu Yong, level 9.

7th place: Gu Ming, level 9

Eighth place: Yu Wen, level 9

Ninth place: Qi Jie, level 8

Tenth place: Hu Neng, level 8

…

what!

Liu Yuan surpassed Liu Xuan in one fell swoop!

In second place!

How did that kid do it?

By the way, there is also the ninth place Qi Jie, who is also very strange!

If he remembered correctly, Qi Jie's previous ranking was over thirty.

After all, to be able to enter the top 20 is basically awakened to the D-level talent.

Before Qi Jie came to this world, he was a student of a 985 school in Longguo. He was very smart, but his talent was F-level.

With this level of talent, it is already remarkable that he ranks in the top 30.

But how did he suddenly enter the top ten and rank ninth.

Strange! strangeness!

What did Qi Jie and Liu Yuan do?

Why is the upgrade speed suddenly faster!

Qin Feng was full of curiosity.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: Li Ying from Village 618 exchanged the Treasure Chest Synthesis Card (Tier 2) for your Shadow Boots (Tier 2). 】

Qin Feng was surprised!

He finally got the treasure chest synthesis card he needed most.

Immediately, he quickly opened the trading channel and took out the treasure chest synthesis card from it.

Then, he took out five silver treasure chests from the storage ring and began to synthesize...

In just a moment, the five silver treasure chests merged into one and became a golden treasure chest.

So far, there are three golden treasure chests in his hand.

Two of the golden treasure chests were the quest rewards he got after killing the grudge.

"Not bad! Not bad! There are three golden treasure chests. When five are collected, you can synthesize dark treasure chests."

Qin Feng looked at the golden treasure box in his hand with joy, and did not rush to open the treasure box.

He plans to synthesize a dark treasure chest before opening it.

With his current vision and requirements, he is even more eager to get a fifth-order equipment.

[Dark treasure chest: 98% chance to open Tier 5 equipment, 2% chance to start Tier 6 equipment]

Dark treasure chests can definitely open fifth-order equipment.