Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[It is detected that you have automatically awakened the 'Avenue of Destruction', and your magical power 'Slaughter Body' will be automatically promoted to the 'Seven Killing God Body (Elementary)']

[Seven Killing Divine Physiques: It belongs to the supernatural power of killing and cutting, awakening the seven types of killing and cutting avenues, and the supernatural power can be completed]

[Seven Killing Divine Body (Elementary): Awaken the two killing avenues, you can activate it! 】Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

[Reminder: When it is turned on, the attack power skyrockets by 40%, and it lasts for half an hour! 】

[Reminder: This state cannot be superimposed with a knowing strike!]

[Reminder: Only after the Seven Kills Divine Physique is complete can it be superimposed with the Heart Attack!]

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and he was surprised again.

He has awakened a powerful supernatural power again!

In this way, he won't have to rely entirely on 'Knowing Strike' in the future!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body is extremely satisfied!

correct!

The two demon kings, Feng Xi and Kui Lang, were leading many demon gods to kill them.

There is also Cheng Huang, who bet against him, and it is estimated that he will also come.

That guy is just afraid that he won't be reconciled!

He can't let two groups of people come together and besiege him at the same time!

That was very bad for him.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looked up at the center of the peach forest, the Renshui Pan peach tree with a height of hundreds of millions of feet.

This is the greatest treasure here!

The anode body looks hot!

He had to quickly transplant this heaven and earth spirit root into his own chaotic space.

However, if you want to transplant the Renshuipan peach tree, you must first let it recognize the owner.

If he recognizes the Lord, his bloodline quality is sufficient, but he has not yet mastered the corresponding Dao.

However, this is not difficult for the anode body!

Ji Yang raised his head slightly and looked at the 3,600 peach trees on the periphery, which were covered with large and fragrant peaches.

As long as he eats enough pan peach, he will be able to obtain the three great ways, which will make the Renshui pan peach tree recognize the master.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's main body flashed, and thousands of fission variants were formed, and they rushed to pick fairy peaches.

In the chaotic space, Yu Xuanji and others were overjoyed when they saw this scene!

The master has harvested again!

Di Jiang was even more drooling.

The little guy wants to eat peaches too

At the moment when Jiyang was picking the peach, the secret realm was also surging undercurrents.

Take Huang and Baicheng to continue to kill the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons

At this time, something is also happening in the western region of Ten Thousand Demons Valley.

I saw that in the sky above a luxuriant jungle, the wind was looking in the direction of Pan Taoyuan, and his brows were slightly wrinkled.

In front of him, there are still two stalwart figures.

Standing on his left is a slender, bright-eyed man with yellow hair and a shawl.

He is the Demon King Kuilang, with a combat power of 65 billion stars!

Standing on his right was a well-proportioned man in a gilded white robe, with slender eyes and a steady temperament.

He is the Demon King Fengxi, with a combat power of 700 million stars!

The combat power of the two of them is stronger than that of the scorpion, and they also have the divine artifact in their hands, that is, the Slaughtering Heaven Sword and the Heaven Trapping Sword!

In addition to the two demon kings and Da Feng, there were also five demon gods in the middle stage of **** kings, and twenty demon gods in the early stage of **** kings.

At this moment, all the demon gods frowned slightly, as if they had sensed something!

"Brother Feng Xi, the powerful energy fluctuation just now seems to have come from the direction of the old nest."

At this moment, Kui Lang muttered something, breaking the silence in the field.

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "Indeed! The energy fluctuations are extremely strong, it should be the two peak **** kings fighting each other. Why did it stop all of a sudden? Isn't the battle over?"

Kui Lang frowned: "It's over? So soon! Could it be that the enemy is too weak to run away after fighting for less than a minute?"

Feng Xi nodded: "It's very possible! After all, in the Pantao Garden, there are not only the scorpion, but also the demon gods such as Chisel. It is only natural for them to join forces and easily repel the strong enemy!"

Kui Lang was annoyed: "Damn it! The deity is so strong as the enemy, I didn't expect it to be so weak! By the way! Brother Feng Xi, let's hurry up and help You. We can't let the enemy escape from the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!"

Speaking of which, Kui Lang was extremely anxious!

According to their deal with Qiang, they had to kill the enemy in order to get 2,000 peaches!

If you can't kill it, then the harvest is only half!

And according to the rules of Heaven, these gods and demons cannot leave the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

If the enemy escaped from the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, they would have no way to kill them.

With his reminder, Feng Xi also woke up.

right!

If the enemy runs away, their income will be halved!

"let's go!"

At the moment, Feng Xi left a sentence and rushed towards Pan Taoyuan first.

Kuilang and other demon gods followed closely behind, and they all speeded up.

They were afraid that the polar body would escape

At the same time, outside the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

In the depths of the fog, beside a mountain stream, Di Xun looked up at the sky in astonishment

After a long time, he looked back and muttered.

"I didn't expect that Chenghuang actually failed! Now I'm the only one left! But I haven't found the direction yet! Hey!"

Di Xun sighed helplessly, his face worried.

Don't think so much, he should speed up too

Thinking of this, his figure flashed, and he rushed in a certain direction.

Om~!

But he didn't rush for a long time, and the prayer talisman above his head lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Di Xun was stunned for a moment, and then he was surprised!

The Heavenly Praying Talisman finally responded!

This shows that he is going to find the direction of the land of the gods!

huh~!

Before he was happy, the Heavenly Praying Talisman turned into a streak of golden light, escaping in a certain direction.

That is exactly where the 'Land of the Gods' is located.

Dixun ecstasy!

I really found my way!

He finally saw the hope of winning the bet.

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he was chasing after the Qitian Talisman.

Just when Di Xun rushed to the land of the gods, the very yin body was also rushing in that direction.

As soon as the Qing Emperor entered the secret realm, he ran in that direction.

An invisible competition kicked off

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, in Pan Taoyuan.

The body of Jiyang has already picked all the peaches, and there are as many as ten thousand!

This made him a lot of money!

At this time, he took out 2 thousand-year-old peaches

As long as he eats these two thousand-year-old peaches, he will be able to awaken the Dao of Time, and he will also make the Renshui Pan peach tree recognize its owner.

However, after so many peaches are eaten, it will take a lot of time to refine the energy in them.

If it were someone else, it would be impossible to digest it in a few days and nights.

For such a long time, the anode body must not be able to wait.

The two devil kings and Cheng Huang are coming here

Of course, the anode body has long been prepared.

When he saw a seal in his hand, the whole person turned into a human-shaped black hole.

In the next second, he exuded an invisible power of devouring from his entire body, shrouding the two thousand-year-old peaches.

At this moment, he actually displayed the Spirit Plant Devouring!

It turned out that since Qin Feng was promoted to an intermediate evangelist, Lingzhi's devouring magical powers has advanced to an advanced level, and even the fortune-level spirit fruit can be directly swallowed.

Suddenly, the two thousand-year-old peaches withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

A power of the source of equity suddenly flew out of those ten thousand year peach and poured into the body of Jiyang body.

In just a moment, the two ten thousand-year-old peaches were devoured, withered into dried peaches, and floated in the air.

A gust of breeze blew, and those dried peaches turned into powder and scattered with the wind.

At this moment, the black light on Ji Yang's body dissipated, revealing his true body.

There was also a reminder of the Dao of Heaven in his consciousness.

【Swallowing success! You devoured 2 thousand-year-old peaches]

【Congratulations on your increase of 200,000 years of life! 】

[Congratulations on obtaining 220 million star combat power, and obtaining 1% Dao Rhyme perception on the Avenue of Years]

[Congratulations on your awakening to the Avenue of the Day After Tomorrow - the Avenue of the Years! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +240 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has been successfully integrated with the Avenue of the Years and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 240 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of Jiyang's body has increased wildly!

After a long time, everything calmed down!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of surprises.

The Avenue of the Years has awakened!

He can finally let the 'Ren Shui Pan Peach Tree' recognize the master!

Chapter eight hundred and eighty-two is in hot pursuit! Enemies meet!

At this time, Ji Yang's body was in a good mood.

"I don't know if I got there by Huang?"

Ji Yang's body murmured in his heart, and looked up at the entrance of the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons...

Compared to beheading the two demon kings, he wanted to behead Chenghuang more!

Peeping the Heavenly God Territory is harmful to his heart, and he naturally wants to kill all the people who are peeping in the Heavenly God Territory!