Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Besides, killing Cheng Huang can get 1 point, which is exactly what he wants.

At present, his Holy Land points are only 3807 points, which is far from the goal of 8 points.

Killing Cheng Huang can get 1 point, so why not do it.

What's more, if Chenghuang fails to gamble, his strength will be greatly reduced, and it will be easier to kill!

After he killed Cheng Huang, it would be more appropriate to go back and kill the two demon kings.

Lest he fights half of the two demon kings, and Cheng Huang suddenly arrives, it will be detrimental to him!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body has a plan in mind, that is to get rid of Cheng Huang first.

Thinking of this, he turned the palm of his hand and summoned the book of the world, and was about to calculate the position of Chenghuang...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a strange movement came from the depths of his soul!

Several strange feedback powers radiated from the depths of his soul...

Heavenly Dao also came with a reminder....

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road of Destruction' you perceive, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Morning Dew Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'health avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Avenue of Time' you feel, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body lit up with four-color avenues of spiritual light, and the momentum skyrocketed all the way!

In a blink of an eye, he has increased his combat power by 400 million stars!

After a while, all the visions slowly disappeared!

Ji Yang's body opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

His strength has increased a lot, reaching 102.5 billion stars, which is the limit of the Great Perfection of the King of God, and it can be said to be extremely powerful!

However, this kind of strength is not worth mentioning in front of Half-Step Eternal!

The half-step eternal threshold of combat power is 1 trillion stars!

Qin Feng has an intuition that after leaving the Holy Land, he will inevitably encounter a half-step eternal existence!

Thinking of this, he was a little uneasy again.

With his current strength, facing the half-step eternity, he has no chance to escape, let alone save his life!

If he wants to escape his life in the hands of half-step eternal, he must have at least 500 million star combat power!

At present, he is still far from this goal!

It seems that he has to work hard to improve his strength.

People have no worries in the near future, and there must be far-reaching concerns!

For some things, Qin Feng had to prepare in advance.

What's more, he has the God of Cause and Effect Monument, and his causal intuition is extremely keen!

He is 50% sure that after leaving the Holy Land, he will encounter half-step eternal power.

Thinking of this, he felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Title reminder: It is detected that your first title has been promoted to 'Advanced Guardian', and the title task of the ultimate preacher will be automatically started]

[The promotion criteria for the ultimate evangelist are as follows]

[Combat power reaches 200 million stars]

【Reputation reaches 500,000 points】

【Master the 100 Avenues】

Extremely positive body eyes reveal surprise!

The Ultimate Evangelist Mission is on!

If he wants to be a substitute for heaven, he must be promoted to the ultimate evangelist.

Then, after combining the two titles of Ultimate Evangelist and Ultimate Destiny Master into one, he can be promoted to Heaven Substitute.

Only by becoming a 'replacer for heaven' can he initially be qualified to become a 'new heaven'!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is full of emotions!

Soon, he calmed down his excitement.

He is still far from being promoted.

Not to mention the lack of combat power and prestige, even the number of avenues mastered is only 52, which is far from one!

However, now is not the time to think about those.

It's time for him to get down to business!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body hand-pressed the seal formula, activated the book of this world, and began to divination the position of the yellow...

After a while, he completed the deduction and looked towards Taniguchi with a beaming expression on his face.

That Cheng Huang really came in!

According to the hexagram, the guy is only 500 million miles away from his location!

Ji Yang's body smiled and put away the book of this world.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of Cheng Huang...

At the same moment, Feng Xi and the other demon gods were also rushing towards the old nest.

At this time, they were only 200 million miles away from the old nest of the scorpion.

In this way, the three parties have their own actions!

The anode body and Chenghuang are facing each other, and are rapidly approaching…

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

Di Jiang, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er were looking at Pantao Garden in front of them in amazement.

Feng Xi and Yu Xuanji curiously looked at the nectar pool beside them.

At this moment, the five of them all sighed in their hearts!

The master's harvest this time is really huge!

At this moment, the space above the five people's heads was distorted.

Then, a mind body of Qin Feng condensed out...

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the crowd saw the mind body, they gathered around happily.

"Dad! Where are the peaches on these trees?!"

Di Jiang asked Pan Tao as soon as he opened his mouth.

The little guy was already hungry.

"I knew you were greedy! Hey! There are 2 thousand-year-old peaches in this storage ring! You can wake up the avenues of time after you eat it!"

The mind body smiled slightly, and handed out a storage ring.

"Wow~! Thank you Dad!"

The little guy excitedly took the storage ring, and when his consciousness looked inside, there were indeed 2 10,000-year-old peaches in it!

He was instantly overjoyed!

Qi Yue and Feng Xi on the side looked envious!

The Avenue of the Years!

If Dijiang awakens this avenue again, it means that he has mastered two avenues, and his strength will inevitably skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi and the others were even more envious.

At this time, the mind body smiled and looked at the four.

"The four of you have a share too! Take these!"

The mind body waved again, and the four storage rings flew to the four girls!

The four girls were pleasantly surprised to catch the storage ring, and then hurriedly checked it.

After reading this, the four girls were overjoyed.

In the storage rings of Qiyue and Yu Xuanji, there is a thousand-year-old peach, which is just the awakening of the morning dew avenue, which is related to the law of water and wood.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er belonged to the three thousand-year-old Peach, and the awakening was the avenue of health preservation, which was related to the law of wood fire.

Qin Feng also allocates these resources according to the qualifications of his confidants.

"Wow! Dad, you are so kind!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan's cheers rang out in the field.

"The concubine thanked the master!"

The three daughters of Yu Xuanji also wrote happily.

The mind body smiled and said: "Okay! The five of you hurry up and go to retreat!"

"Yes! Master (Dad)!"

The girls all agreed.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Afterwards, Feng Xi and the others left Pantao Garden one after another and hurried to their respective pavilions.

Looking at the backs of the girls leaving, the mind body's eyes are full of expectations.

When they refine Pantao, at least they have mastered the existence of two great roads.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er have mastered three more, and there is a glimmer of hope that they will be promoted to half-step eternity.

It wasn't until Feng Xi and the group of five walked away that the mind body retracted its gaze and looked at the Qiongjing Lingchi beside it.

This is his best paradise!

Next, he wants to merge the Jade Liquid Spirit Pond and the Qiong Sorrel Spirit Pond into one.

Thinking of this, the mind immediately waved!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed in the sky!

A huge spiritual pond appeared out of thin air, appearing above the Qiongjie pond!

That is exactly - Jade Liquid Lingchi!

Afterwards, the mind body continued to pinch the seal with both hands!

The Jade Liquid Spirit Pond is slowly sinking down…

When the two great spirit ponds meet, a violent reaction occurs immediately!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The earth roars!

The void trembles!

The two spiritual ponds blended together, and the jade liquid and nectar in the ponds also began to blend together...

In this way, the mind body began to control the fusion of the two spiritual pools...