Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed!

Feng Xi and other demon gods finally arrived at the place of the old lair.

At this moment, all the demon gods looked at the mess on the ground in astonishment!

That Pan Taoyuan is gone!

The Qiongjie Lingchi is also gone!

Even all the exotic flowers and plants in the garden withered and died, and the field was dead!

The ground is also full of potholes!

It was the Pantao Garden that was uprooted, leaving one pit after another.

There is an earthy smell in the air, as well as a faint smell of blood!

"How... how could this be?"

Gale looked around in disbelief, his face a little ugly.

Kui Lang also looked at Feng Xi in astonishment.

"Brother Xi, if I remember correctly, you haven't made the Pantao Tree recognize the owner, right? If you didn't recognize the owner, how could the Pantao Garden be moved away?"

Feng Xi also took a deep breath: "The situation is not right! Could it be... Hey! Brother Kui, look at the withered traces of the spiritual plant along the way, it seems to be extending from the direction of Taniguchi! Let's follow this trace, maybe we can Found what!"

Kui Lang's eyes lit up: "It makes sense!"

"Walk!"

At the moment, the demon gods set off again, and followed the traces left by Lingzhi's devouring, and followed the body of Jiyang...Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

In the blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed.

In the western region of Ten Thousand Demons Valley, somewhere in a barren place, the figure of Jiyang's body appeared.

At this time on March 8, he raised his head to look in the direction of Taniguchi, and his spiritual consciousness radiated out, sweeping across a radius of more than 10,000 miles in an instant.

With the improvement of his strength, the strength of his divine consciousness has also been greatly improved.

Now, even if there is a fog in the way, his consciousness can sweep across a radius of 13,000 miles, which is 30% higher than before entering the secret realm.

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, Ji Yang's eyes lit up.

His divine sense scanned two figures, one of which was Cheng Huang, and the other, which he was also familiar with, was Bai Cheng in the middle stage of the Divine King.

Having said that, Peeping Heaven Divine Realm has attracted all the players in the middle stage of the God King.

Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang, Baicheng, and Emperor Qing are all.

Emperor Xuan and Emperor Mang have been beheaded by him!

Baicheng also appeared!

Only Qingdi did not appear.

I don't know what the Emperor did?

For some reason, Ji Yang's body inexplicably felt that the Qing Emperor was somewhat mysterious and acted somewhat differently from everyone else.

However, now is not the time to think about those places.

"Haha! Cheng Huang finally appeared! He also brought a White City! That's good! One more mid-game player of the God King can give me 3 more points!"

Ji Yang's body smiled, activated the Dao Body of Nirvana, and sneaked away towards Cheng Huang and the others...

At the same moment, a group of figures appeared more than 100 million miles behind him.

Feng Xi and other demon gods are also speeding up their pursuit...

Chapter 883: Kill Cheng Huang! Four in a row!

At this time, Ji Yang's body was in a good mood.

"I don't know if I got there by Huang?"

Ji Yang's body murmured in his heart, and looked up at the entrance of the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons...

Compared to beheading the two demon kings, he wanted to behead Chenghuang more!

Peeping the Heavenly God Territory is harmful to his heart, and he naturally wants to kill all the people who are peeping in the Heavenly God Territory!

Besides, killing Cheng Huang can get 1 point, which is exactly what he wants.

At present, his Holy Land points are only 3807 points, which is far from the goal of 8 points.

Killing Cheng Huang can get 1 point, so why not do it.

What's more, if Chenghuang fails to gamble, his strength will be greatly reduced, and it will be easier to kill!

After he killed Cheng Huang, it would be more appropriate to go back and kill the two demon kings.

Lest he fights half of the two demon kings, and Cheng Huang suddenly arrives, it will be detrimental to him!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body has a plan in mind, that is to get rid of Cheng Huang first.

Thinking of this, he turned the palm of his hand and summoned the book of the world, and was about to calculate the position of Chenghuang...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a strange movement came from the depths of his soul!

Several strange feedback powers radiated from the depths of his soul...

Heavenly Dao also came with a reminder....

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road of Destruction' you perceive, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Morning Dew Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'health avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Avenue of Time' you feel, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body lit up with four-color avenues of spiritual light, and the momentum skyrocketed all the way!

In a blink of an eye, he has increased his combat power by 400 million stars!

After a while, all the visions slowly disappeared!

Ji Yang's body opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

His strength has increased a lot, reaching 102.5 billion stars, which is the limit of the Great Perfection of the King of God, and it can be said to be extremely powerful!

However, this kind of strength is not worth mentioning in front of Half-Step Eternal!

The half-step eternal threshold of combat power is 1 trillion stars!

Qin Feng has an intuition that after leaving the Holy Land, he will inevitably encounter a half-step eternal existence!

Thinking of this, he was a little uneasy again.

With his current strength, facing the half-step eternity, he has no chance to escape, let alone save his life!

If he wants to escape his life in the hands of half-step eternal, he must have at least 500 million star combat power!

At present, he is still far from this goal!

It seems that he has to work hard to improve his strength.

People have no worries in the near future, and there must be far-reaching concerns!

For some things, Qin Feng had to prepare in advance.

What's more, he has the God of Cause and Effect Monument, and his causal intuition is extremely keen!

He is 50% sure that after leaving the Holy Land, he will encounter half-step eternal power.

Thinking of this, he felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Title reminder: It is detected that your first title has been promoted to 'Advanced Guardian', and the title task of the ultimate preacher will be automatically started]

[The promotion criteria for the ultimate evangelist are as follows]

[Combat power reaches 200 million stars]

【Reputation reaches 500,000 points】

【Master the 100 Avenues】

Extremely positive body eyes reveal surprise!

The Ultimate Evangelist Mission is on!

If he wants to be a substitute for heaven, he must be promoted to the ultimate evangelist.

Then, after combining the two titles of Ultimate Evangelist and Ultimate Destiny Master into one, he can be promoted to Heaven Substitute.

Only by becoming a 'replacer for heaven' can he initially be qualified to become a 'new heaven'!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is full of emotions!

Soon, he calmed down his excitement.

He is still far from being promoted.

Not to mention the lack of combat power and prestige, even the number of avenues mastered is only 52, which is far from one!

However, now is not the time to think about those.

It's time for him to get down to business!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body hand-pressed the seal formula, activated the book of this world, and began to divination the position of the yellow...

After a while, he completed the deduction and looked towards Taniguchi with a beaming expression on his face.

That Cheng Huang really came in!

According to the hexagram, the guy is only 500 million miles away from his location!

Ji Yang's body smiled and put away the book of this world.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of Cheng Huang...

At the same moment, Feng Xi and the other demon gods were also rushing towards the old nest.

At this time, they were only 200 million miles away from the old nest of the scorpion.

In this way, the three parties have their own actions!

The anode body and Chenghuang are facing each other, and are rapidly approaching…

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

Di Jiang, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er were looking at Pantao Garden in front of them in amazement.

Feng Xi and Yu Xuanji curiously looked at the nectar pool beside them.

At this moment, the five of them all sighed in their hearts!

The master's harvest this time is really huge!

At this moment, the space above the five people's heads was distorted.

Then, a mind body of Qin Feng condensed out...

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the crowd saw the mind body, they gathered around happily.

"Dad! Where are the peaches on these trees?!"

Di Jiang asked Pan Tao as soon as he opened his mouth.