Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The little guy was already hungry.

"I knew you were greedy! Hey! There are 2 thousand-year-old peaches in this storage ring! You can wake up the avenues of time after you eat it!"

The mind body smiled slightly, and handed out a storage ring.

"Wow~! Thank you Dad!"

The little guy excitedly took the storage ring, and when his consciousness looked inside, there were indeed 2 10,000-year-old peaches in it!

He was instantly overjoyed!

Qi Yue and Feng Xi on the side looked envious!

The Avenue of the Years!

If Dijiang awakens this avenue again, it means that he has mastered two avenues, and his strength will inevitably skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi and the others were even more envious.

At this time, the mind body smiled and looked at the four.

"The four of you have a share too! Take these!"

The mind body waved again, and the four storage rings flew to the four girls!

The four girls were pleasantly surprised to catch the storage ring, and then hurriedly checked it.

After reading this, the four girls were overjoyed.

In the storage rings of Qiyue and Yu Xuanji, there is a thousand-year-old peach, which is just the awakening of the morning dew avenue, which is related to the law of water and wood.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er belonged to the three thousand-year-old Peach, and the awakening was the avenue of health preservation, which was related to the law of wood fire.

Qin Feng also allocates these resources according to the qualifications of his confidants.

"Wow! Dad, you are so kind!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan's cheers rang out in the field.

"The concubine thanked the master!"

The three daughters of Yu Xuanji also wrote happily.

The mind body smiled and said: "Okay! The five of you hurry up and go to retreat!"

"Yes! Master (Dad)!"

The girls all agreed.

Afterwards, Feng Xi and the others left Pantao Garden one after another and hurried to their respective pavilions.

Looking at the backs of the girls leaving, the mind body's eyes are full of expectations.

When they refine Pantao, at least they have mastered the existence of two great roads.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er have mastered three more, and there is a glimmer of hope that they will be promoted to half-step eternity.

It wasn't until Feng Xi and the group of five walked away that the mind body retracted its gaze and looked at the Qiongjing Lingchi beside it.

This is his best paradise!

Next, he wants to merge the Jade Liquid Spirit Pond and the Qiong Sorrel Spirit Pond into one.

Thinking of this, the mind immediately waved!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed in the sky!

A huge spiritual pond appeared out of thin air, appearing above the Qiongjie pond!

That is exactly - Jade Liquid Lingchi!

Afterwards, the mind body continued to pinch the seal with both hands!

The Jade Liquid Spirit Pond is slowly sinking down…

When the two great spirit ponds meet, a violent reaction occurs immediately!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The earth roars!

The void trembles!

The two spiritual ponds blended together, and the jade liquid and nectar in the ponds also began to blend together...

In this way, the mind body began to control the fusion of the two spiritual pools...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed!

Feng Xi and other demon gods finally arrived at the place of the old lair.

At this moment, all the demon gods looked at the mess on the ground in astonishment!

That Pan Taoyuan is gone!

The Qiongjie Lingchi is also gone!

Even all the exotic flowers and plants in the garden withered and died, and the field was dead!

The ground is also full of potholes!

It was the Pantao Garden that was uprooted, leaving one pit after another.

There is an earthy smell in the air, as well as a faint smell of blood!

"How... how could this be?"

Gale looked around in disbelief, his face a little ugly.

Kui Lang also looked at Feng Xi in astonishment.

"Brother Xi, if I remember correctly, you haven't made the Pantao Tree recognize the owner, right? If you didn't recognize the owner, how could the Pantao Garden be moved away?"

Feng Xi also took a deep breath: "The situation is not right! Could it be... Hey! Brother Kui, look at the withered traces of the spiritual plant along the way, it seems to be extending from the direction of Taniguchi! Let's follow this trace, maybe we can Found what!"

Kui Lang's eyes lit up: "It makes sense!"

"Walk!"

At the moment, the demon gods set off again, and followed the traces left by Lingzhi's devouring, and followed the body of Jiyang...

In the blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed.

In the western region of Ten Thousand Demons Valley, somewhere in a barren place, the figure of Jiyang's body appeared.

At this time on March 8, he raised his head to look in the direction of Taniguchi, and his spiritual consciousness radiated out, sweeping across a radius of more than 10,000 miles in an instant.

With the improvement of his strength, the strength of his divine consciousness has also been greatly improved.

Now, even if there is a fog in the way, his consciousness can sweep across a radius of 13,000 miles, which is 30% higher than before entering the secret realm.

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, Ji Yang's eyes lit up.

His divine sense scanned two figures, one of which was Cheng Huang, and the other, which he was also familiar with, was Bai Cheng in the middle stage of the Divine King.

Having said that, Peeping Heaven Divine Realm has attracted all the players in the middle stage of the God King.

Emperor Xuan, Emperor Mang, Baicheng, and Emperor Qing are all.

Emperor Xuan and Emperor Mang have been beheaded by him!

Baicheng also appeared!

Only Qingdi did not appear.

I don't know what the Emperor did?

For some reason, Ji Yang's body inexplicably felt that the Qing Emperor was somewhat mysterious and acted somewhat differently from everyone else.

However, now is not the time to think about those places.

"Haha! Cheng Huang finally appeared! He also brought a White City! That's good! One more mid-game player of the God King can give me 3 more points!"

Ji Yang's body smiled, activated the Dao Body of Nirvana, and sneaked away towards Cheng Huang and the others...

At the same moment, a group of figures appeared more than 100 million miles behind him.

Feng Xi and other demon gods are also speeding up their pursuit...

Chapter 884 Sweeping the Demon God! Kill the audience!

At this moment, a dark tide is surging in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

The three forces are about to collide!

Not long after, next to a dead tree, the figure of Ji Yang's body appeared.

At this time, he looked ahead and smiled.

He has seen Chenghuang and Baicheng.

The two sides were only miles apart.

With such a short distance, he could clearly see that Cheng Huang's combat power was only 41 billion stars.

This guy is really miserable!

In this way, it would be easier for him to kill Cheng Huang!

Having said that, Ji Yang's body has the blessing of the Dao Body of Quietness.

Even if he is close to Cheng Huang ten feet, Cheng Huang may not be able to detect it.

This is more conducive to using his hands.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body took a deep breath and was ready to start.

At this moment, there was a murmur from the front.

"Baicheng, we will meet Qin Feng in a while. If there is no possibility of killing him, you and I will join forces to wound him and take a drop of his blood!"

Cheng Huang whispered to Bai Cheng.

Bai Cheng smiled slightly: "Lord Cheng Huang, you and I will definitely be able to take Qin Feng's life together! How difficult is it to take a drop of his blood essence? By the way! Sir, why do you want to take his blood essence?"

"This..." Cheng Huang hesitated for a while before saying: "That's it! It's okay to tell you! As long as the deity can take a drop of blood from that little thief, I will be able to find him outside!"

"So this is ah!"

Bai Cheng's eyes were stunned, but he didn't dare to ask more.

Not far away, Ji Yang's body eavesdropped on this, and his heart was horrified.

He finally figured out why Chenghuang and Dixun were betting against him and were always obsessed with taking a drop of his blood.

Knew it!

Peeking into the Divine Realm is trying to kill him!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Look at 19 Lai, when he makes a move for a while, he must make a thunderous strike, and he must not give the opponent any chance to hurt him.

If he lost a drop of blood essence, the problem would be serious.

Ji Yang's body couldn't help but take a deep breath, a little secretly fortunate.

At this moment, Cheng Huang's voice came from the front.

"Baicheng, you said before that the upper and lower pages of the Book of the Future are on Ye Shen of the Bright God Realm. Is this true?"

Hearing this, Ji Yang body immediately pricked up his ears.

He also knew this secret.

Unexpectedly, that Baicheng also knew.

"My lord! This is just a rumor. Bai also knew it accidentally, and I don't know if it's true or not."

Bai Cheng cautiously said.

"There is no wind and no waves, and many rumors are often true. Back then, the first and second pages of "Future Book" disappeared. Now I accidentally learned about this rumor, which is also an interesting thing!"