Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cheng Huang smiled all over his face, and there was a hint of joy in his eyes.

As if he had accomplished a great feat.

This scene made Ji Yang's body vaguely have a bad premonition, but he couldn't tell what was wrong.

Whoo~! Whoo~!

At this time, the sound of breaking the air in front of him became louder and louder.

Cheng Huang and the two are only three miles away from Jiyang's main body.

Ji Yang's body quickly held his breath, hiding behind the tree, waiting for Huang'er to pass by.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

In his chaotic space, four majestic Dao powers suddenly radiated...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: Your Mind Body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Ku Rong), comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Road of Drought, and your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (darkness), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of the Dark Dao, and your combat power +70,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (cutting), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of the cutting avenue, and your combat power +70,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Frost Fall), and you have understood the 1% Dao rhyme of the cutting avenue, your combat power +60,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of Kurong! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +120 million stars]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed wildly!

It turned out that the four avenues he had won by gambling before were finally refined at this moment...

In a blink of an eye, he woke up!

His basic combat power has also skyrocketed to 103.9 billion stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

The anode body is full of surprises!

In this way, the number of avenues he has learned has reached 56.

At present, Taiqing Daojing, which he has not yet refined, is left with the Blessing Avenue and Tidal Avenue that he won the last time.

"Hey! There's someone there!"

"Go and see!"

It was at this moment that the exclamations of Cheng Huang and the two came from the front!

Swish~! Swish~!

The next second, the two rushed towards the hiding place of Ji Yang's body.

It turned out that Ji Yang's body suddenly awakened the four avenues and broke his silence.

In the blink of an eye, Cheng Huang and the two came to the front!

huh~!

Ji Yang's body is no longer hidden, and he takes a step forward and teleports behind the two.

Cheng Huang and the two quickly turned their heads and recognized Ji Yang's body at a glance!

"It's you!"

"kill him!"

Boom~! Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Cheng Huang and the two shot at the same time, blasting towards Ji Yang's body!

At that moment, both of them shot with all their strength and did not hold back at all!

The joint momentum of the two suddenly reached 500 million stars, and the power is amazing!

It was at this moment that Ji Yang's body shot!

He slashed with all his might!

A knowing strike is activated synchronously!

Chi~la~!

A sound of void splitting!

Ten thousand feet of sword light flashed by!

puff~!

Then, there was a soft sound!

That sword defeated the combined blow of Cheng Huang and the two!

The sword light continued to slash down!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

There was a terrifying roar from the field!

With just one strike, Ji Yang's body will kill Cheng Huang and his soul body with one strike!

And the remaining power of that sword continued to slash on the ground!

Boom~Long~!

Another bang!

The earth cracks! The magic valley shakes!

Thousands of miles of ravines were split on the ground, causing sand and dust to fill the sky. The scene was amazing!

do you died?

Ji Yang's body slowly raised his head and looked at the corpses of Cheng and Huang...

I saw that the corpses of the two began to crack inch by inch, turning into a blood mist, and the two assessment tokens were gradually revealed...

Ji Yang body suddenly let out a long sigh of relief and showed a satisfied smile.

This time the kill is too easy!

He just met each other and killed the other two...

Meanwhile, 70 million miles away.

The demon gods such as Feng Xi looked far ahead in astonishment!

Just now, they heard a huge roar, and even the entire magic valley was shaking!

"Brother Xi, the sound just now was..."

Kui Lang looked at Feng Xi in disbelief.

However, Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Brother You must be fighting the enemy! Let's go! Let's hurry up and help!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

With this reminder, the eyes of the demon gods lit up one after another, with joy in their eyes.

If you are still fighting against the incoming enemy, it means that the incoming enemy is not as strong as you imagined.

Immediately, all the demon gods were filled with fighting spirit.

Da Feng even seemed to have been beaten by chicken blood, thinking that his own Demon King was still alive.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately, all the demon gods dodged one after another, rushing towards the fighting direction...

At the same moment, the battle scene!

The blood mist formed by Cheng Huang and the two had dissipated, leaving two tokens in the field.

As soon as Ji Yang's body beckoned, he sucked two tokens into his hands...

The next second, the two tokens turned into golden light and poured into his body...

[You killed a mid-game player of the God King and obtained his token, you got 3 Holy Land Points! 】

[You killed a top player of the God King and obtained his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

13 points this time!

In this way, his total points reached 5107 points, which can be exchanged for 5 pass orders for the true temple,

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

Afterwards, he picked up another seal in his hand, and activated his luck to devour...

The invisible force of devouring instantly enveloped the audience...

Two invisible powers of luck poured into the body of Ji Yang...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of 'White City', your luck value +231 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of 'Cheng Huang', your luck value +309 times]

I'm afraid Cheng Huang and the others did not expect that after their death, even their luck was completely deprived.

That invisible loss is very huge!

In a blink of an eye, the luck was swallowed up!

Qin Feng's luck has been increased to 11060 times!

Ji Yang's body smiled and turned to look in the direction of the old nest!

Next, it was time for him to kill those two demon kings and complete the tasks of Slaughtering the 330 Heavenly Sword and Trapping Heavenly Sword.

In addition, in the old nests of the two great demon kings, there are still two spiritual roots of heaven and earth hidden!

At this thought, Ji Yang's body became hot in his heart.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was another change in the depths of his soul...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road of Withering Rong' you perceive, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your insights

At this moment, the spiritual light of the four avenues lit up on Jiyang's body, and the momentum increased again...

Good Fortune Jade Plate!

Infinite use!

The four avenues of his new understanding were recorded again, giving him 400 million combat power back!

This raised his combat power to 104.3 billion stars.

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

However, this is still far from his target of 500 million stars!

He can't let up!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body flashed away and rushed towards the old nest

He has to kill the other two demon kings!

At the same time, outside the Holy Land, spy inside the God's Domain.

Cheng Huang looked up at the starry sky blankly.

He couldn't believe how he was eliminated from the Holy Land.

At this moment, an aura that covered the sky and the earth rose behind him.

Cheng Huang hurriedly turned his head, and saw a boundless projection of a god-man appearing in front of him.