Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

That is exactly the projection of the venerable reception!

"grown ups!"

As soon as Cheng Huang saw Venerable Yin, he hurried forward to meet him.

Only then did Venerable Jie Yin slowly open his eyes, revealing a pair of incomparably deep eyes.

"Cheng Huang, you also failed!"

Venerable Jie Yin spoke slowly, with a somewhat disappointed tone.

Show shame on your yellow face!

But the next second, he hurriedly raised his head: "His Excellency, although this subordinate failed, we found out the whereabouts of the upper and lower pages of the Book of the Future!"

His eyes lit up, and he was surprised.

"Wonderful! Wonderful!"

As soon as the voice fell, Venerable Yingyin slowly closed his eyes!

In the next second, the two of them turned into white light and disappeared into the starry sky.

Chapter 885 Mysterious Ancient Talisman! Altar of Reincarnation!

Just like that, Venerable Jie Yin and Cheng Huang disappeared into the starry sky.

With the news on the previous and next pages of "Book of the Future", there is a new plan for Peeping Heaven God Domain...

Of course, they still put their last hope on Di Xun.

If Di Xun can get a drop of blood essence from Qin Feng, then all the problems can be solved!

Otherwise, they're still in big trouble...

Qin Feng naturally does not know about these behind-the-scenes events.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this moment, in the Holy Land, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

Ji Yang's body is rushing towards the direction of the old nest!

Feng Xi and other demon gods are also rushing towards him!

The two sides are facing each other, and the distance is rapidly closing...

As the distance kept getting closer, an invisible tension emerged in the hearts of both parties.

Up to now, Feng Xi and other demon gods no longer dare to underestimate the enemy!

All kinds of visions show that it is not easy to come to the enemy!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides were only a million miles apart.

Ji Yang's body has already felt a sense, knowing that he is about to meet the demons.

At this moment, he stopped, and seven colors of divine light lit up on his body.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, he put on the Seven Transformations Divine Armor and completed the integration of human and machine!

His momentum has reached 106.1 billion stars!

Jiyang body suddenly showed a satisfied smile!

Next, there will be a big battle.

He wants to fight with two big devil kings, six middle-stage god-king devil gods, and twenty early god-king god-king devil gods!

He naturally wants to elevate his state to the peak.

After this preparation is completed, the polar body is about to set off...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, his chaotic space continued to roar, and a monstrous feedback force radiated from his body...

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully integrated the 'Jade Liquid Lingchi' and the 'Gorgeous Jelly Lingchi']

[Congratulations on obtaining the Fortune-level Blessed Land—Yaochi]

[Yaochi: Fortune-level Blessed Land, with its own Fortune Avenue]

[Yaochi has merged with your chaotic space]

[Yaochi's own avenue of good fortune actively strengthens your chaotic space, and you will permanently receive 400 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of Jiyang's body skyrocketed!

In a blink of an eye, he increased his combat power by 400 million stars, reaching 106.5 billion stars.

The anode body is full of surprises!

This is really an unexpected surprise!

It turns out that the Fortune-level Blessed Land will have its own avenue!

Incorporating this kind of blessed land into his chaotic space can also strengthen his chaotic space.

He seems to have found another channel that can strengthen the chaotic space.

Ji Yang's body smiled, then his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of the demon gods...

At the same time, in the chaotic space.

Qin Feng's mind body is looking at Yaochi in front of him with joy.

This is his previous achievement!

He finally successfully integrated the Lingchi and got this Jade Pond.

When the Yaochi appeared, the spiritual liquid in it also changed.

With that alone in mind, the mind body looked into the pool, only to see inside it, clouds and mists lingered, and the spirit of immortality was indistinct.

Beneath that cloud and mist was a milky white spiritual liquid, with millions of drops.

As soon as the mind body moved, it peeped out to those spiritual fluids...

[The nectar and jade liquid: high-grade gods, heaven and earth spirits]

[Taking this substance can improve cultivation, prolong life, and speed up the growth of spiritual roots in heaven and earth]

Look at the pool full of high-grade god-level spiritual liquid!

The mind is overjoyed!

such a pity!

Qin Feng's current strength is too strong, and the spiritual liquid of the high-grade gods has no effect on him!

That is, the spiritual liquid above the best **** rank has some effect on him.

Although he can't use it, it can be used to nurture his confidants.

With so many spiritual liquids, Di Jiang and the others are simply inexhaustible, and they will surely increase their strength rapidly.

correct!

This thing can also speed up the growth of the spiritual roots of heaven and earth!

Many spiritual fluids can't do this!

Thinking of this, the mind body made a random move, and it called out a mouthful of green gourd, and it was a swallow at the Lingchi, and it sucked a million drops.

After doing this, the mind body called back the gourd and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in another place in the chaotic space.

It was a secluded valley.

There is a small villa in the valley, and the door is inscribed with three big characters "Five Village Views".

The mind body smiled, stepped out, and stepped into the villa.

As soon as he entered, he saw a pavilion.

Next to the title pavilion, there is also a three-hundred-zhang-high Heaven and Earth Spiritual Root, exuding the aura of the Great Dao!

That spiritual root is the ginseng fruit tree!

Now, it has grown to three hundred feet!

The mind body is very satisfied.

After that, his eyes moved, and he looked at the ginseng fruit tree, and saw Qingchengzi meditating with his eyes closed, comprehending the rhythm of Linggen.

When he saw it, Qingchengzi felt something and opened his eyes involuntarily.

"Hey! City Lord"! "

Qingchengzi hurriedly got up to meet him!

"I have seen the city master!"

"Qingchengzi, take the spiritual liquid in this gourd! Half of it is used for cultivation, and half is used to cultivate spiritual roots!"

With a wave of the mind body, the green gourd was thrown.

Qingchengzi quickly took the gourd.

He only looked a little, and his face was full of ecstasy!

"This... This is all the spiritual liquid of the high-grade gods! There are millions of drops! I thank the city lord!"

Qingchengzi was extremely excited and stepped forward to thank him.

The mind body smiled!

He would love to nurture these henchmen.

When he awakens the Six Realms Dao, he can activate the vocation skill "Three Realms Supreme Seal" and obtain six more subordinates of the Three Realms Supreme.

At that time, Qingchengzi will be able to give him back his strength like Di Jiang and others.

"You continue to retreat!"

Thinking of this, the mind body casually ordered.

"Yes! City Lord!"

Qingchengzi respectfully leads the order!

The mind body doesn't speak any more, it just disappears out of thin air...

At the same time, something is happening outside.

At this moment, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

Behind a huge rock, the figure of the polar body appeared.

At this time, he was looking forward with joy on his face.

Thirty miles ahead, a group of demon gods appeared, it was Feng Xi and other demon gods.

The two sides finally meet!

However, Ji Yang's body has the blessing of 'Still Death Dao Body', so the demon gods can't find him at all.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body held his breath and touched the demon gods...

He's ready for a big sneak attack!

A minute later, he sneaked near the demons, and he was only a hundred meters away from the nearest demon god.

At this time, all the demon gods knew nothing!

Feng Xi looked forward from time to time, and his eyes were a little nervous!

He thought the target was still ahead!

At this moment, Kui Lang's voice sounded beside him.