Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Brother Xi, how far do you estimate it is?"

"From the direction of the previous fight, it is estimated that there are only 20 million miles left!"

Feng Xi muttered without turning his head.

Kui Lang nodded slightly: "It's almost what I thought! I don't know how far the enemy has escaped?"

Feng Xi pondered: "No matter how far it is! When the enemy comes to fight with the scorpion for a moment, he will immediately flee. It should not be too strong. If he has enough strength, he will not be in a hurry to escape."

Kuilang took a deep breath: "Yeah! Let's hurry up and chase after him! When the enemy escapes from the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, I will have nothing to do with him! I can't get out of the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!"

As soon as these words fell, the hearts of the demon gods tightened, and they all accelerated their pursuit...

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, a white light flashed behind the demon gods!

Twenty-eight stalwart figures!

Out of thin air!

That is exactly the twenty-eight fission bodies split from the body of Jiyang, and the momentum of each one has reached 800 million stars!

"Hey! This is..."

"There is a sneak attack!"

This sudden change made Feng Xi and Kui Lang instantly alert!

The two demon kings turned around to deal with it immediately, and saw two humans in the False God realm head-on!

Feng Xi and Kui Lang were all stunned!

But at this moment, twenty-eight fission variants shot at the same time!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed in the field, and the murderous aura shot into the sky!

Two of the sword lights slashed directly at Feng Xi and Kui Lang!

The two demon kings suddenly felt bad!

This aura is not a False God Realm at all!

Boom~! Boom~!

In the next breath, the two demon kings did their best to take the blow!

Kui Lang held the divine artifact of good fortune, the Heavenly Trap Sword, and issued a full blow, his momentum suddenly reached 900 million stars!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Its attack power is even stronger than that of the scorpion!

Feng Xi held the Heaven-Slaughtering Sword, an artifact of good fortune, and released a full-strength blow, with a momentum of 100 million stars!

He is the strongest existence among the three demon kings!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the attack of the polar Yang fission variant fell!

All are a knowing blow, the power is doubled!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

A long sword into the flesh sound!

More than 20 blood lights shot out!

All the demon gods were cut in half by a single sword!

Even Kuilang was split in half by a sword!

That Feng Xi was hacked and screamed, and he vomited blood and flew out.

He actually took a hit!

However, his whole body was cracked and his aura was extremely sluggish!

"."Hey~!"

The fission body was slightly surprised, and stepped out and teleported away.

Before Feng Xi could stabilize his figure, the fission body teleported behind him and split it in half with a sword!

Bang~! Bang~!

Just then, the mutation happened again!

The corpses of Kui Lang and Feng Xi, who had been split in half, exploded and turned into two blood mists.

Afterwards, both groups of blood mist rolled over, wanting to be resurrected!

All the fission bodies sneered, and they all merged into one.

The polar body is here!

In the next second, the center of Ji Yang's body suddenly opened, and two rays of punishment from the sky shot out, instantly penetrating the blood mist!

puff~! puff~!

Two beeps!

From the blood mist, Kui Lang and Feng Xi's mournful roars could be heard!

The two demon kings are dead and gone!

Whoo~!

Ji Yang's body finally breathed a sigh of relief and showed a satisfied smile!

Everything went very well!

It puts him in a good mood!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, more than twenty rays of white light flew from all around and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing the Demon King Kuilang (the pinnacle of the king of the gods), obtaining +43,000 trillion energy points, +140,000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the Demon King Kuilang (the pinnacle of the God King) and gained 3 Holy Land Points]

[You succeeded in killing the Demon King Kuilang (the pinnacle of the God King), and a Chaos Treasure Chest (full state) exploded]

[You succeeded in killing the Demon King Kuilang (the pinnacle of the king of the gods), and the broken sword in the sky (fortune-telling level) exploded]

[You killed the Demon God Gale....

...

The feedback from killing the demon gods is coming!

Ji Yang's body showed a happy smile!

what! It doesn't seem right!

Suddenly, he seemed to have discovered something, and turned to look at the blood mist ears that Feng Xi had transformed into!

That Feng Xi did not give him back the inspiration!

At this moment, the blood mist of Feng Xi dissipated, revealing the same strange thing...

Chapter 886 Invincible Defense! Plain color cloud world!

Ji Yang's body hurriedly looked at it, and saw that the thing was a yellow ancient talisman, which had been penetrated through a hole!

That hole was penetrated by the light of Heaven's Punishment!

It was at this moment that the mysterious ancient talisman ignited spontaneously without fire, and in a moment it would turn into ashes and disperse with the wind!

"This is…"

Ji Yang's body couldn't help frowning, looking in the direction of Feng Xi's old nest...

He has already seen that the ancient talisman is a kind of death talisman!

Feng Xi is not dead!

He should be resurrected in the lair!

Yes!

After all, he was going to visit Feng Xi's old lair.

There are also two Heaven and Earth Spirit Roots there!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body retracted his gaze.

At this time, he had absorbed the aura of feedback from the demon gods, and an upgraded white light also lit up on his body...

【Your level is promoted to level 90】

【Your strength index increases by 10,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10,000 points! 】

[Your vocation is promoted to level 85 Hongmeng Supreme]

【Your strength index increases by 10,000 points! 】

[It is detected that your vocation level is 85, and you have mastered the SSS-level creation law, you have reached the vocation promotion standard, and now you are entering the advanced stage...]

[Successful advancement of vocation! You have been promoted to Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme! 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme', your combat power has increased by 5 billion stars]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme', your vocation skill 'Belief Sharing' has been promoted to advanced]

[Faith Sharing (Advanced): The number of times you have obtained Dao enlightenment from your subordinates has been increased to 3 times]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme', you automatically get 5 times the blessing of luck]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme', you have automatically acquired 50% of the Dao Rhyme of the Creation Avenue]

[Congratulations on becoming an 'Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme', your status as an 'Inheritance Sequencer' has been improved by 330! From the third level to the second level! 】

hum~~!

A golden light of reward descended from the sky and landed on the body of Jiyang, mixed with the rhythm of the Dao of Creation...

The momentum of Jiyang's body began to skyrocket wildly!

He closed his eyes in surprise and comfortably received the reward from the Great Dao...

After a long time, all the visions slowly disappeared!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

The vocation has advanced!

He has received a lot of combat power and luck rewards!

This raised his basic combat power to 109.7 billion stars in one fell swoop!

Air luck also reached 11560 times!

"This time, I got 50% of the Dao rhythm of the Creation Avenue, plus the Dao rhyme I comprehended before, it's about 97%!"

Ji Yang's body muttered in his heart, and his eyes were full of joy.

97% Dao Yun perception!

This means that his avenue of creation is about to awaken!

The avenue of creation is the innate avenue!

And the Innate Dao is the key to his becoming the 'New Heaven's Dao'!

Naturally, he attached great importance to it!

I don't want those anymore!

It's time for him to clear the battlefield.