Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looked around.

I saw that after the death of the demon gods, there were many treasure chests of chaos, and the Heaven Trapping Sword that he cared about very much!

At the moment, Ji Yang's body no longer thinks about it, and starts to collect his trophies...

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, in the western region, at the old nest of Feng Xi.

There are more than a dozen demon gods, guarding under a mysterious altar, chatting together.

These demon gods were arranged by Feng Xi to stay in their own nests.

The white-haired old man headed by him is named 'Longbo', and his realm is in the middle stage of the god-king.

The remaining eleven demon gods are all at the initial level of **** kings.

At this moment, Long Bo and the others are chatting vigorously.

A demon **** suddenly asked: "Lord Longbo, do you think this time, can the two kings get the two peaches from the hands of the king?"

As soon as Pantao was mentioned, all the demon gods gleamed and drooled.

Long Bo said with a smile: "The two kings have brought so many masters, plus the people of the king, they can definitely kill the enemy. Those two peaches will definitely be easy to get."

At this time, another demon **** asked curiously: "Lord Longbo, how much do you think the two adults will share with us after they get the peach?"

Long Bo smiled: "At least you can get three or four!"

"That's a lot!"

"Haha! Everyone, we have a good time this time!"

As soon as these words fell, the demon gods showed a knowing smile, and their faces were full of anticipation.

They never thought that Feng Xi and others had failed miserably!

Just when all the demons and gods imagined in their hearts, a sudden change occurred in the field!

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The altar beside the demon gods suddenly lit up with a dazzling aura!

"Hey! How did this altar of reincarnation activate?"

The demon gods were shocked and turned to look at the altar beside them!

I saw that the altar was getting brighter and brighter!

The altar was filled with dazzling white light!

In the next second, the stars in the center of the altar converged, forming a familiar golden light and shadow, which was vaguely the Demon King Fengxi!

Seeing this scene, the demon gods opened their eyes one by one!

They naturally knew that this was Feng Xi's resurrection!

Gosh!

The Demon King is actually resurrecting!

He was beheaded once!

This time, the demon gods were dumbfounded!

Just like this, Feng Xi was slowly resurrecting under the astonished eyes of the demon gods...

This is his only chance to be resurrected.

After all, he only has one mysterious ancient talisman!

And Kuilang doesn't even have one!

At the same time, in the east of the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, on that battlefield.

The anode body has cleared the battlefield.

At this moment, he is taking stock of the harvest!

After this battle, his points reached 6607 points, which can be exchanged for 6 pieces of the pass of the true temple.

In addition, he has 8 complete chaos treasure chests and 4 incomplete chaos treasure chests.

In other words, he was only one step away from condensing the second Taoist treasure chest.

As long as he kills Feng Xi and the remaining demon gods, he will definitely be able to synthesize a second Taoist treasure chest.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body feels very happy in his heart!

When he gets the second weapon of the avenue, he will have one more point in the battle against Half-Step Eternal.

After taking stock of the gains, he looked at the Heaven Trapping Sword in his hand again.

I saw a cracked gap on the right side of the Heaven Trapping Sword, just like the Heaven Absolute Sword and Heaven Execution Sword.

After filling this gap, the task of trapping the sword is completed.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body made a random move, calling out a fragment of the Divine Sword, which exuded an amazing murderous aura!

That is the broken sword fragment that the Star Trapped Sword transformed into.

Fragments appear!

The Heavenly Trapped Sword immediately sensed and trembled!

This scene is the third time I have seen Ji Yang's body!

Soon, the shards of the broken sword flew to the gap of the Heaven-sinking Sword and began to merge into one...

It didn't take long for a complete 'Sinking Heaven Sword' to appear, bursting with divine light, reflecting the heaven and earth!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Task reminder: congratulations on finding the complete Heaven Trapping Sword! Trapped Heaven Sword has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master! 】

[Trap Heaven Sword: Fortune-level, contains the avenue of annihilation, and can feed back 400 million stars in combat power]

[Congratulations on getting the mission reward in this stage: Awakening the Avenue of Extinction! 】

[Congratulations for understanding the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Dao of Extinction, your combat power +160 million stars]

[Congratulations on your awakening to the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of Destruction! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +220 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has successfully integrated the Dao of Destruction and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 220 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the task reward begins!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The momentum of Jiyang's body has skyrocketed wildly all the way...

After a long time, all the movements gradually calmed down!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[It has been detected that you have awakened the 'Dao of Extinction'. There are three types of Dao slaying you have mastered. Your magical power 'Seven Killing Divine Body' is automatically advanced...]

【Advanced success! Your Seven Kills Divine Physique has been promoted from 'Elementary' to 'Intermediate'! 】

[Seven Killing Divine Physique (Intermediate): Awaken the three killing avenues, you can activate it]

[When the state is turned on, the attack power soars by 50%, and the maintenance time is 1 hour]

[Reminder: This state cannot be superimposed with a knowing strike]

[Reminder: After the Seven Kills Divine Physique is complete, it can be superimposed with the Cognition Strike]

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the avenue of annihilation you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

...

Another great avenue of inspiration!

The momentum is soaring!

After a long time, Ji Yang's body opened his eyes again, and the corners of his mouth were full of smiles.

After this continuous harvest, he has mastered 57 avenues.

The jade plate of good fortune is only 3 avenues away from upgrading.

At that time, it can feed back a lot of combat power to Qin Feng!

"Hoo~! It's finally done!"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body breathed a sigh of relief and looked up in the direction of Feng Xi's old nest.

Next, he will go to Feng Xi's old nest to complete the final slaying sword mission!

There are also two other heaven and earth spirit roots harvested!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body dodged and rushed towards Feng Xi's old nest...

At this moment, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, the turmoil is still unsettled.

Something is going on outside.

At this moment, a figure wearing a green robe appeared 30 million miles away from the 'Land of the Gods'.

That person is Qingdi!

At this moment, he looked in the direction of the land of the gods and smiled.

Just now, he used the Doushu astrolabe to make a divination and knew that he was about to reach his destination.

He also calculated that after reaching the destination, there will be two passages to the 'Land of the Gods'.

One is on the east side! One is on the west side!

If he wants to enter the 'land of the gods', he can only choose one.

The closer to the destination, the more accurate the Qing Emperor's deduction technique.

Now, which way should he choose?

The two passages are in two directions, and the positions are not small. How should he choose?

But…

Qingdi seemed to have thought of something, and looked back at the back, he seemed to be waiting for something.

In fact, he is waiting for Qin Feng!

Along the way, he has divination Qin Feng's whereabouts many times, all of which have failed.

This made him very anxious!

He is here on a mission!

Without Qin Feng, how to complete that special task?

Why don't he just wait here?

But he was worried about meeting someone who peeked into the Divine Realm!

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing hesitated on the spot.

He didn't know that just nine million miles behind him, Di Xun was rushing in his direction...

And behind Di Xun, the very yin body also came in this direction...

Everyone wants to get to the "Land of the Gods" as soon as possible to win this bet.

From the current point of view, Di Xun is actually closer to the land of the gods than the body of the extreme yin...

However, the speed of the extremely negative body is faster, and the distance between the two sides is quietly narrowing...

Chapter 887 The origin of Emperor Qing! unexpected surprise!

Time flies!

Just as the distance between the extreme yin body and the emperor is getting closer.

In the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, Feng Xi was resurrected.