Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Feng Xi walked down from the altar with a low expression.

The demon gods rushed forward to greet them.

"Lord Feng Xi, what happened?! What about Lord Kuilang? What about Da Feng and others?"

Long Bo asked anxiously.

The demon gods also looked uneasy.

They have sensed that the situation is not good.

Feng Xi said with a look of fear: "Kui Lang and everyone have fallen! Even the deity was beheaded on the spot! If there is no 'substitute talisman' left for me by the master, I will also fall on the spot~!"

Boom~!

This is over! There was an uproar!

Gosh!

The two demon kings led so many strong men in the past, and almost the entire army was wiped out!

How strong is the enemy? !

"Lord Feng Xi, are there many people coming to the enemy?"

Long Bo asked again.

The demon gods also looked at Feng Xi eagerly.

From their point of view, there must be too many enemies coming, so Feng Xi and others suffered such heavy losses!

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "There is only one enemy here!"

Only one person? !

Boom~!

The demon gods were shocked again!

One by one, their eyes widened in astonishment!

Oh my God!

With the power of one person, Feng Xi and others were almost wiped out!

The strength of the enemy, I am afraid that it surpasses the Great Perfection of the King of God!

"My lord! Is the enemy really so strong?"

Long Bo swallowed his saliva, still unable to believe it.

He didn't believe that in this holy place, there could be an existence close to the master's strength.

The master of the demon gods is an existence that transcends the great perfection of the **** king, but has not been promoted to half-step eternity.

It turns out that behind the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, there is an extremely terrifying existence!

The three major demon kings and many demon gods are their subordinates!

The three heaven and earth spirit roots in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons are all treasures occupied by that person.

However, that person has not been promoted to half-step eternity, and his bloodline has not reached the Dao level, so naturally he cannot let the spiritual roots of heaven and earth recognize the master.

For this reason, the man left the three major demon kings and the demon gods to guard the spiritual root.

He went to the land of the gods alone, looking for the opportunity to break through to half-step eternity!

Before the man left, he had signs of breaking through.

After so many years, the demon gods have been waiting for their master to return.

Now, all the demon gods have an intuition in their hearts, the master is half a step away from eternity, it should be only the last half step...

At this time, Feng Xi seemed to have thought of something, and his expression suddenly became serious.

"Everyone, the scorpion and Kuilang have fallen, and the Renshuipan peach tree has also been evacuated by the enemy. If the deity is not bad, the enemy will come here soon and **** the other two spiritual roots of heaven and earth!"

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the demon gods changed drastically again.

Long Bo was even more terrified: "My lord! What should we do now? The strength of the incoming enemy surpasses the Great Perfection of the Divine King. It is definitely not something I can resist! Otherwise, let's run away!"

"escape?!"

Feng Xi frowned.

Immediately, he said coldly: "Longbo! Don't forget! My duty is to protect the spiritual roots of heaven and earth! To this end, we have signed a soul contract with the master. First, we must do our best to protect it, and second, we can't go out. Valley of Ten Thousand Demons!"

"If you violate the contract oath, you will suffer the backlash of your soul!"

Long Bo's face turned gray and defeated: "Then this...hey! Lord, tell me! Then what should we do to protect the two spiritual roots of heaven and earth in front of us!"

As soon as the voice fell, he couldn't help but look forward...

There are two divine trees there!

The one on the left is as high as a million feet, with brocade-like leaves and nine spiritual fruits, each of which has the word 'Yellow Middle' on it, and all of them exude an amazing avenue of breath!

This tree is the spiritual root of heaven and earth - Huang Zhongli!

It is rumored that it blooms every million years, bears fruit every million years, matures every million years, and can only be eaten every million years!

However, it took four million years to grow nine spiritual fruits, which are a hundred times more precious than the pan peach!

The demon gods did not dare to touch it, and waited for the master to return to eat.

Look at the divine tree on the right, it is as high as 100 million feet, towering to the sky!

Its leaves are half cyan and half blue, and the avenue is full of breath.

And at the top of the divine tree, there are two spiritual fruits, which look like apricots, with yellow in the red, and the breath is extraordinary!

This tree is the spiritual root of heaven and earth - Fenglei Xianxin!

It took five million years to bear two fairy fruits, which are even more precious than that Huang Zhongli!

The demon gods dare not touch it!

That is also the spiritual fruit reserved for the master!

The spiritual fruits they dared to eat were those thousand-year-old peaches and three-thousand-year-old peaches.

That was the master's acquiescence.

As for the Wannian Peach, only the three demon kings are eligible to eat a small portion.

Among them, the jurisdiction and distribution rights are also vested in You.

"Yes! Lord Feng Xi, what should we do to protect these two spiritual roots?!"

At this time, another Demon God asked.

The rest of the demon gods were also uneasy.

Feng Xi raised his head and looked at the two spiritual roots in front of him, before he took a deep breath and said, "Actually, we are not unable to keep it. Before the master left, he left a treasure at the peak of creation, which I could use in a critical moment. Come and protect the spirit root!"

Create the pinnacle of treasure!

Oh my God!

That is the same level as the spiritual root of heaven and earth!

The eyes of the demon gods lit up, and suddenly saw a glimmer of hope.

Long Bo even exclaimed: "Sir, what kind of treasure is that?"

"That's it!"

Feng Xi smiled and summoned a spirit flag at will!

The demon gods hurriedly looked away...Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

I saw the spirit flag, the whole body is white, and it depicts the heaven and earth of the cloud world, the five elements of the avenue, and the whole body blooms with endless divine light.

[Plain cloud flag (Western): one of the five innate flags, the pinnacle of good fortune! 】

[Activating this flag can transform the cloud world shield, so that the haze is everywhere, the evil is evacuated, and all methods are difficult to invade. It is a pure defensive artifact, and its defense can be called a must! 】

[Reminder: After gathering all the Five Innate Flags, you can get the Innate Five-Party Great Array, whose power is comparable to that of the Great Dao, and can be called invincible defense! 】

"Wow! It's really a treasure at the pinnacle of creation!"

"It's still purely defensive! It's just right to resist the incoming enemy invasion!"

After reading the information, the demon gods were amazed.

Long Bo also asked: "Lord Feng Xi, how strong is the cloud shield that this plain-colored cloud flag can withstand against the enemy?"

Feng Xi pondered: "It also depends on the strength of the flag bearer! With the strength of the deity, it should be able to resist the attack of 300 million stars!"

300 million!

hiss~!

The demon gods took a deep breath!

They knew that this plain-colored cloud border flag was terrifying in defense, but they didn't expect it to be so terrifying!

It's far beyond their imagination!

Immediately, Long Bo asked again: "Lord Feng Xi, you have fought against the enemy. Then do you know the strength of the enemy?"

Feng Xi pondered for a while and said, "The enemy's own combat power is only about 100 million stars, but his attack power can reach about 200 million stars!"

Hearing this, the eyes of the demon gods lit up, and they all showed joy.

"That's great! With an attack power of 200 million, it can't break this plain cloud flag!"

"Of course! Lord Feng Xi can use this flag to withstand 300 million stars, and there is a difference of 100 million combat power! That's a huge gap!"

"Haha! Exactly!"

As soon as these words fell, the demon gods laughed heartily.

The unease that was suppressed in the hearts of everyone also dissipated at this moment.

·

Even Feng Xi showed a knowing smile.

He is also confident that with this 'plain cloud flag', he can definitely resist the attack of Ji Yang's body.

"By the way! Lord Feng Xi, when do you think the master will return? If the master can return at this time, he will definitely kill the enemy!"

Long Bo expressed his thoughts again.

Feng Xi also sighed: "Yes! If the master returns at this time, it must be half an eternity. Since she has not returned, she is in retreat. However, based on my judgment of the master's strength, she is also about to break through. !"

Long Bo nodded slightly: "Indeed! By the way, before the master left, the basic combat power reached 200 million stars, which is twice as strong as the enemy's basic combat power!"

"So many years have passed, even if the master has not broken through to half-step eternity, his basic combat power should have more than 300 million stars!"

Feng Xi nodded: "Yeah! If it weren't for the contract restrictions, I really want to go to the 'Land of the Gods' to inquire. How did the master break through?"

As soon as the voice fell, he looked in the direction of the 'Land of the Gods'...

After a long time, he looked back again.

"That's it! Now is not the time to think about these things! I'll be ready to prepare in case of a strong enemy!"

"Yes! Your lord!"

At the moment, all the demon gods agreed.

Feng Xi also said no more.

As soon as he waved his hand, the plain-colored cloud border flag flew into the sky, illuminating the avenue of heaven!

In the next second, the spirit flag turned into a huge cloud and mist barrier, covering the entire old nest, and also enveloped the two heaven and earth spirit roots within it.

The demon gods finally breathed a sigh of relief when they saw this scene.

The corner of Feng Xi's mouth also drew a smile.

At the same time, the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, the western region.

In a place hundreds of millions of miles away from Fengxi's old nest, something is happening.

I saw that in that area, all the spirit flowers, spirit grass, spirit fruit, spirit trees were withering at a speed visible to the naked eye.