Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the center of that area, there is a human-shaped black hole that is devouring the origin of thousands of spiritual plants!

That is the very positive body that is using the spiritual plant to devour!

It didn't take long for the endless devouring power to devour the spiritual plants in a radius of hundreds of millions of miles!

The black light on Ji Yang's body dissipated, revealing his original appearance.

At this time, he also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

This is the fourth time he used Lingzhi to devour it in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

This time, he devoured hundreds of mandala demon flowers, which made him realize 83.7% of the rhythm of the Dao of Fascinating Soul.

As long as he devours it again, he will be able to awaken the 'Avenue of Fascinating Soul'.

This makes him very satisfied!

In addition, he swallowed up 980 million star power this time, which is indeed much stronger than Guwai.

During this period of time, the extremely yin body also completed two spiritual plant swallowings outside the valley, each time only increasing by about 200 million stars.

In short, with the efforts of the two main bodies, Qin Feng's basic combat power has increased to 111.7 billion stars.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

It's just that he doesn't know that his attack power can't break through the defense of the plain-colored Cloud Realm Flag at all.

However, Qin Feng has many methods, and everything is unpredictable!

"In half an hour, we should be able to arrive, right?"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body is looking in the direction of Feng Xi's old nest, muttering in his heart.

He is looking forward to this trip!

The two Heaven and Earth Spirit Roots and the Heaven Slaughter Sword are all waiting for him to harvest!

But he didn't know that there was another treasure of the peak of good fortune in the old nest, that is, the plain cloud flag!

Afterwards, Ji Yang's body no longer thought about it, and rushed towards the old nest.

Chapter 888: Shocking combat power! Shocked the demons!

"Lord Feng Xi, is this the powerful enemy you said?"

"Sir, are you mistaken?"

All the demon gods looked at Feng Xi!

The tone is full of doubts!

There are even some demon gods, looking at Ji Yang's body and shaking his head slightly, there is disdain in his eyes!

It's just a human being in the False God realm, and they really don't care about it.

At this time, Feng Xi also heard the doubts of the outstanding demons!

There was surprise in his eyes!

It was only at this moment that he realized that Ji Yang's body was only in the False God realm.

However, the scene of Ji Yang's body beheading him has long been deeply imprinted in his soul memory.

This made his fear of Jiyang's body not weakened in the slightest!

Thinking of this, he lowered his voice and said, "Wait, don't underestimate this young man! Although his realm is low, his strength is terrifyingly strong!"

Feng Xi's tone was extremely serious!

The demon gods were surprised to hear this!

Afterwards, Long Bo couldn't help but said: "Sir, this person is only in the False God realm! Can an ant in the False God realm possess 200 million star power?!"

Long Bo's tone was still full of suspicion!

The demon gods also look different!

They are also unbelievable!

Feng Xi took a deep breath and said: "This deity also knows that this matter is too scary to say, if it wasn't for my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it at all! If this deity hadn't experienced it myself, I wouldn't believe it! Stop gossip, let's see what he does. , you will know the truth!"

As soon as these words fell, the demon gods nodded slightly.

Afterwards, the demon gods held their breaths and silently looked at the body of Jiyang...

At the same time, the polar body is also looking down...

Passing through the cloud and fog barrier, he also saw Feng Xi and the demon gods!

The moment he saw Feng Xi, he finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He was really worried, Feng Xi escaped from the nest!

In that case, he would spend a lot of time looking for Feng Xi.

Without destroying Feng Xi, he would not be able to complete the task of Killing Heaven Sword.

Fortunately, the monster did not escape!

However, Feng Xi has already been beheaded by him once, and he still hasn't escaped. It seems that he has something to rely on!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body did not immediately start, but first checked...

Soon, he discovered that there were two heaven and earth spirit roots near the demons!

The one on the left is as high as a million feet, with many leaves and brocade, and it bears nine spiritual fruits...

As soon as he thought about it, his eyes lit up with silver light, and he peeped away...

The Eye of the Dao passed through the barrier smoothly and spied the information of the spiritual root...

[Huang Zhongli: The peak level of good fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, do not recognize the master! 】

[This thing contains the power of the three avenues, the Dao of Thick Earth, the Dao of Earth and the Boundless Dao! 】

[Reminder: It takes four million years for this tree to produce nine fruits. Each spirit fruit contains 11% thick earth rhyme, 11% earthborn rhyme, and 11% boundless rhyme. 】

[Eat the nine spiritual fruits at the same time, you can awaken the three avenues of thick earth, earth, and boundless at the same time! 】

After this glimpse, Ji Yang's body quickly looked at the crown of the tree, and sure enough, there were nine spiritual fruits on it, each with the word 'Yellow Zhong' on it, all of them exuding aura, obviously they have been mature for a long time!

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he was full of surprises!

Such precious nine spirit fruits!

I don't know why the devils don't pick and use them?

However, those demon gods don't even need to eat, it just happened to be cheaper for him!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body suddenly became even hotter.

Soon, he calmed down and looked at the heaven and earth spirit root on the right...

[Fenglei Xianxing: The pinnacle level of fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, does not recognize the master! 】

[This thing contains the power of the three avenues of the Dao of Wind, Dao of Thunder, and Dao of Collapse! 】

[Reminder: This tree can give birth to two fairy apricots in five million years. 】

[A fairy apricot contains 1% the rhyme of wind, and 50% of the rhyme of collapse! 】

[A fairy apricot contains 1% the rhyme of thunder, and 50% of the rhyme of collapse! 】

[Eating two immortal apricots at the same time can awaken the three avenues of wind, thunder, and collapse at the same time! 】

After reading it, Ji Yang's body found that there were indeed two fairy apricots growing on the divine tree.

He smiled again.

The spirit fruit on this spirit root is also well preserved!

Although he has mastered the two avenues of wind and thunder, he has not mastered the avenues of collapse!

Collapse Avenue belongs to Killing Avenue, and it is the top 100 Houtian Avenue.

If he can master it, it will be of great help to the advancement of his 'Seven Killing Divine Body'!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body wants to get the two spiritual roots even more.

Then, he took his eyes back and landed on the cloud barrier in front of him.

If he wants to capture the spiritual root, he must first break the cloud barrier in front of him.

This cloud formation doesn't seem to be simple!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As soon as Ji Yang's mind moved, he spied away...

[Plain cloud enchantment: pure defensive enchantment, manifested by the plain cloud circle flag]

[Plain cloud flag: the western flag in the innate five-element flag, the pinnacle treasure of good fortune]

[Reminder: After gathering all the Five Innate Flags, you can get the Innate Five-Party Great Array, whose power is comparable to that of the Great Dao, and can be called invincible defense]

The anode body shines again!

Another treasure of the pinnacle of good fortune!

The value of this treasure is probably more precious than those two spiritual roots.

"No wonder Feng Xi can't escape! It turns out that he relied on this pinnacle of good fortune artifact!"

Ji Yang's body instantly figured out the cause and effect.

Then, he took a deep breath, and seven colors of divine light lit up on his body!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, he put on the Seven Transformations Divine Armor, and the Heaven Punishing Sword lit up in his hand!

Om~! Om~!

Human-machine integration is completed in an instant!

The momentum of Jiyang's body suddenly soared to 113.5 billion stars!

With his action, the demon gods below opened their eyes one after another.

The demon gods have been waiting for a long time.

Feng Xi was even more nervous!

It was also the first time for him to use the plain-colored cloud border flag, and he was somewhat uncertain in his heart!

The demon gods waited anxiously.

They really want to know, does the attack power of the polar body have 200 million stars?

Up to now, they still have doubts about the strength of Ji Yang's body!

Swish~!

At this moment, above the enchantment, a beam of sword light lit up the sky!

That dazzling sword light is like the dawn of dawn, and the rising sun is rising!

The light instantly broke the darkness before dawn and brightened the earth!

The eyes of the demon gods were filled with sword light, and they never saw other things...

There was an exclamation in the demon group!

"He's doing it!"

Swish~!

The exclamation did not end!

Ji Yang's body slammed down with a sword, slashing down, smashing the sky and breaking the ground!

Om~!

At that moment, he launched a knowing strike!

The meaning of invincibility suddenly erupted!

Attack power, instantly doubled!