Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If he can own a piece of Tier 5 equipment, he will have more confidence in facing the Heavenly Punisher.

Thinking of this, he stuffed the golden treasure chest into the storage ring.

To close the dark treasure chest, he still lacks two golden treasure chests and a synthesis card.

Synthetic cards can be combined to form the highest-level treasure chest, which is the dark treasure chest.

It seems that he has to continue to acquire synthetic cards.

By the way, in the 'Lost Village' that day, he killed several resentful spirit messengers in a row, and got a few Tier 3 weapons, which he could also exchange for some treasures.

For example, in exchange for a silver treasure chest!

He still has a silver treasure chest in his hand. If he gets four more silver treasure chests, he can combine it into a gold treasure chest.

Speaking of which, he also had a bronze treasure chest in his hand.

However, Qin Feng has no interest in opening it.

Bronze treasure chests generally open second-order items, which are of little use to him.

After clarifying this, he opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the district trading channel.

As soon as you enter, you can see that it is very lively inside.

Liu Yuan and Qi Jie became the focus inside, and hundreds of thousands of players from various villages were courting them one by one.

Qin Feng smiled after taking a closer look.

It turned out that the two were using power stones to acquire novice knives in the regional channel.

Liu Yuan: "I bought a novice short knife! I bought a novice short knife! I exchanged two more energy stones. Ten short knives exchanged for one energy stone. Come here quickly!"

"Oh! Mr. Liu Yuan, change with me this time!"

"Axi! Upstairs, I agreed before, this time I will trade with you."

"Baga! Liu Yuansang said that he would trade with me first!"

Liu Yuan: "Don't make a noise! ​​Don't make a noise! ​​I put it on, you can grab it yourself, whoever is quicker will be the one!"

"Oh! Mr. Liu Yuan, please put the energy stone on the shelves!"

"Liu Yuansang! Hurry up and put it on the shelves!"

Liu Yuan: "It's on the shelf! It's on the shelf!"

Boom~!

There is a robbery in the channel!

Then, there was a wailing.

"Axi! Slow! Slow! Didn't get it!"

"Fake squid! Your hand speed is too fast!"

Qi Jie: "Haha! I'm here! I'm here! I just bought two power stones, and they're on the shelves now!"

"I'm going to buy it! I'm ready!"

"Qi Jiesang, please move faster!"

Soon, a new round of competition will begin.

Qin Feng was a little dumbfounded.

He didn't expect that power stones are so sought-after that they are priceless in this regional channel.

Thinking about it, if you absorb a power stone, you can get 100 energy points, and you don't need to kill monsters.

For those who are not strong in combat, the power stone is definitely their savior, which can speed up their upgrade speed.

Today, the villagers of Longyuan Village are working hard to resist the punishment.

The other villages in District 1 are desperately trying to survive the novice assessment.

If you fail to resist the punishment, you will be deducted up to 100 attributes and become a refugee.

If the novice assessment fails, it will be directly obliterated by Heaven.

Those people are desperately trying to survive.

So as soon as they learned about the magical effect of the power stone, people in other villages went crazy.

What's more, every village has a resource like the novice short knife.

After all, it is something that everyone has, and it is easy to collect.

Especially in villages like Miyamoto Rami, Amir, and Edward that have been hit hard, most of the newcomers have died, leaving behind hundreds of novice knives, which can be completely exchanged for energy.

Other villages were not much better, some four hundred or five people died, and some two or three hundred people died.

Those who died left behind a large number of novice knives.

And there are a thousand villages in a district. If you do the math, there are at least hundreds of thousands of novice knives on the market.

No wonder power stones are in short supply.

Too many people have novice knives in their hands, and only Liu Yuan and Qi Jie can sell power stones.

"By the way, why did Liu Yuan and Qi Jie buy a large number of novice short knives?"

Qin Feng was a little curious.

Thinking of this, he was ready to figure it out.

Before that, though, he has a few things to deal with.

At the moment, he made two personal announcements on the regional channel.

[Personal announcement: A bronze treasure chest is exchanged for a treasure chest synthesis card (second-order), and a number of third-order weapons are sold. Interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

[Personal announcement: Three energy stones are exchanged for a treasure chest synthesis card (level 2). Interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the entire regional channel was in an uproar.

"Qin Feng, the first powerhouse in our district, has appeared!"

"Wow! Selling Tier 3 weapons! I haven't even seen Tier 2 weapons, but he's actually selling them."

"There are also power stones for synthesis cards! Woo~woo~! I just want to have a synthesis card, I really want power stones!"

"Yeah! I want power stones too! If I can have a few power stones, I can level up right away."

"There are too few vicious beasts in our village, and I couldn't find one for a long time. I finally found one, but I still can't beat it. How do I level up? How do I pass the novice test?"

"Yeah! Today is the third day of the novice test, and I'm only level 3! If this goes on like this! I will die!"

"Woo! With the resources of our village and my current strength, I can only rise to level 7 at most!"

"Hey! I am so envious of Longyuan Village! Even if the resources of their village are extremely rich, there are even power stones."

"I heard that they don't need to kill monsters in their village, just cut down some wood and collect some stones to upgrade."

"That's the benefit of building a village!"

"Envy! I'm so envious!"

"I really want to join Longyuan Village too!"

"Oh! Isn't Mr. Qin Feng the head of Longyuan Village! We beg him to let him accept us as villagers!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, for the sake of being an Asian country, please accept me as a villager! I will be absolutely loyal to you!"

"Oh! Qin Feng was born 5.2 years old. Do you need a Caucasian to be your servant? I am willing to be efficient for you!"

"For God's sake! Mr. Qin Feng, please accept me!"

"Oh! The great Qin Fengsmida, you are my idol, please accept me as your villager!"

"Qin Fengsang..."

At this moment, the entire regional channel became hot.

In order to survive, those guys begged to join Longyuan Village one by one.

They don't care whether they can join or not.

In order to survive, they put down their dignity and fought hard.

Even some of the dog things that had ridiculed Longguo before shamelessly came to beg to join.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it. After posting his personal announcement, he directly quit the regional channel.

Then, he put the bronze treasure chest and five third-order weapons on the trading channel.

In addition, he exchanged dozens of power stones, which were also listed on the trading channel, only in exchange for synthetic cards.

After doing this, he entered the resource exchange channel again and found the novice short knife from the resource list.

This investigation, he was stunned.

In the next second, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

He finally knew why Liu Yuan and Qi Jie wanted to buy novice short knives.

These two guys are really chicken thieves!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Chapter 109: Make a Big Contribution Point

It turns out that donating a novice short knife can get 2 contribution points.

Ten novice short knives are 20 contribution points.

And a power stone is 10 contribution points.

Liu Yuan and Qi Jie exchanged a power stone for 10 novice knives on the regional channel.

By coming and going, they earn 10 Contribution Points.

Then, they use the earned contribution points in exchange for power stones to absorb upgrades.

This discovery greatly accelerated the upgrade speed of the two of them.

Liu Yuan surpassed Liu Xuan in one fell swoop, and he was not far from level 10.

In short, these two guys are really chicken thieves!

They actually discovered this bug that earns contribution points!

If you exchanged energy stones for other resources, there would not be such a big market, and there would be no current results.

But the novice knives are different.

That's one hand. In theory, there are one million handles in one area, and the market is extremely huge.

All converted into contribution points, you can get 2 million contribution points, that is, you can exchange for 200,000 energy stones from Tiandao!

So many power stones are enough to support many people to reach level 10.

Of course, this is only theoretical data.

In fact, the short knives that can be acquired are hundreds of thousands, but they are enough for many people to quickly upgrade.

Right now, Longyuan Village is working hard.

Some are trying to upgrade, and some are trying to collect various resources.

It was only Liu Yuan and Qi Jie who were thoughtful enough to discover this secret by chance.

Afterwards, the two of them made a fortune in silence and kept buying novice knives.

However, sooner or later this secret will be revealed.

At that time, the people of Longyuan Village will use this method to earn contribution points.

Qin Feng was delighted to see it.

This is indeed 07 is a good way.

However, he did not want to be involved in the business.

First of all, the acquisition of a novice short knife will take time and will delay his normal tasks.