Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The momentum of that sword suddenly reached 227 billion stars!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

I saw where the divine sword passed, the void shattered every inch, and the laws were annihilated!

The imposing manner of destroying the sky and destroying the earth enveloped the entire barrier, and finally slashed above that barrier!

Boom~~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The entire Valley of Ten Thousand Demons trembled violently!

This terrifying movement made all the demon gods stunned, and they didn't dare to breathe!

Just now, they sensed that the attack of the polar body was infinitely close to 2.3 billion stars!

About 2.3 billion!

This is about 300 million more than the 200 million stars that Lord Feng Xi said!

This time, all the demon gods were stunned!

The eyes that look at Jiyang's body one by one have become a little fearful!

2.3 billion attack power!

A single sword can kill them in seconds!

Without the protection of Suyun Barrier, they wouldn't even have a chance to escape!

At this moment, they no longer dared to doubt Feng Xi's words, but felt that Lord Feng Xi had underestimated Ji Yang's body!

They really didn't expect that a False God Realm existence could unleash such a terrifying blow!

With this thought, the demon gods swallowed their saliva, and no demon dared to speak again.

The atmosphere in the field is a little quiet!

In the center of the altar, Feng Xi was also shocked!

The blow of Ji Yang's body just now exceeded his expectations!

This human seems to be getting stronger!

But how long has it been since he became stronger?

The more Feng Xi thought about it, the more shocked he became!

At the same moment, above the barrier.

Jiyang body looked at the enchantment below, and frowned.

Just now, he slashed with all his strength, and only made the barrier tremble slightly!

Judging from these details, the protective power of this enchantment far exceeds his attack!

This is not a good phenomenon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's brows furrowed even tighter.

If he can't break this barrier, then he won't be able to capture the two spiritual roots of heaven and earth, and it will be even more impossible to complete the mission of Killing Heaven Sword.

If the quest of Slaughtering Heaven Sword cannot be completed, then the follow-up quest of 'Slaying Heaven Sword Formation' will not be able to obtain 330.

He wanted to combine the wish of the 'Sword Executioner', but he was afraid that he would fail.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is a little irritable!

At this moment, Feng Xi's voice came from below.

"Human! You don't have to waste your time! The deity's Suyun barrier can withstand 300 million star attacks! You can't break it! If you are interested, you should leave early!"

Feng Xi's tone was relatively restrained.

Even if the enchantment blocked the attack, his fear of Jiyang's body still did not weaken much.

As soon as his voice fell, all the demon gods also agreed.

"Lord Feng Xi is right! Humans, if you know each other, leave as soon as possible!"

"Human! Your strongest attack seems to have not even reached 2.3 billion. It seems that you want to break through the defense of 300 million. It's a fool's dream! Just get out of here!"

Many demon gods rely on the barrier to protect themselves, and their words are becoming more and more arrogant, even more arrogant than Feng Xi.

After all, these demon gods have never experienced death before!

Above the sky, the body of the polar sun can be heard harshly.

He looked coldly at those unscrupulous demon gods and smiled coldly in his heart.

It turns out that the defense of this enchantment is 300 million stars!

It seems that he has to find a way to improve his attack power.

In any case, he has to break the barrier and get the treasure he wants!

Immediately, he looked down at the demons, and said coldly, "Wait a minute! When the deity returns, I will break this barrier!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Yang's body flashed away and rushed not far away...

At this moment, there was a laughing sound behind him.

"Haha! That guy ran off wisely!"

"He said just now, come back and break this barrier, let us wait!"

"Haha! Do you believe this? His attack range is still more than 700 million from 300 million. Do you think he can close the gap so quickly?"

"It turns out that, after a long time, this guy is bragging! Haha!"Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As soon as those words fell, many demon gods laughed.

Only Feng Xi took a deep breath, feeling a little uneasy in his heart.

Ji Yang's body naturally heard the ridicule of the demons, he sneered in his heart and ignored it.

He did not intend to leave the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, but had another plan

Chapter eight hundred and eighty-nine ecstasy awakening! Kill Emperor Xun!

"Lord Feng Xi, is this the powerful enemy you said?"

"Sir, are you mistaken?"

All the demon gods looked at Feng Xi!

The tone is full of doubts!

There are even some demon gods, looking at Ji Yang's body and shaking his head slightly, there is disdain in his eyes!

It's just a human being in the False God realm, and they really don't care about it.

At this time, Feng Xi also heard the doubts of the outstanding demons!

There was surprise in his eyes!

It was only at this moment that he realized that Ji Yang's body was only in the False God realm.

However, the scene of Ji Yang's body beheading him has long been deeply imprinted in his soul memory.

This made his fear of Jiyang's body not weakened in the slightest!

Thinking of this, he lowered his voice and said, "Wait, don't underestimate this young man! Although his realm is low, his strength is terrifyingly strong!"

Feng Xi's tone was extremely serious!

The demon gods were surprised to hear this!

Afterwards, Long Bo couldn't help but said: "Sir, this person is only in the False God realm! Can an ant in the False God realm possess 200 million star power?!"

Long Bo's tone was still full of suspicion!

The demon gods also look different!

They are also unbelievable!

Feng Xi took a deep breath and said: "This deity also knows that this matter is too scary to say, if it wasn't for my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it at all! If this deity hadn't experienced it myself, I wouldn't believe it! Stop gossip, let's see what he does. , you will know the truth!"

As soon as these words fell, the demon gods nodded slightly.

Afterwards, the demon gods held their breaths and silently looked at the body of Jiyang...

At the same time, the polar body is also looking down...

Passing through the cloud and fog barrier, he also saw Feng Xi and the demon gods!

The moment he saw Feng Xi, he finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He was really worried, Feng Xi escaped from the nest!

In that case, he would spend a lot of time looking for Feng Xi.

Without destroying Feng Xi, he would not be able to complete the task of Killing Heaven Sword.

Fortunately, the monster did not escape!

However, Feng Xi has already been beheaded by him once, and he still hasn't escaped. It seems that he has something to rely on!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body did not immediately start, but first checked...

Soon, he discovered that there were two heaven and earth spirit roots near the demons!

The one on the left is as high as a million feet, with many leaves and brocade, and it bears nine spiritual fruits...

As soon as he thought about it, his eyes lit up with silver light, and he peeped away...

The Eye of the Dao passed through the barrier smoothly and spied the information of the spiritual root...

[Huang Zhongli: The peak level of good fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, do not recognize the master! 】

[This thing contains the power of the three avenues, the Dao of Thick Earth, the Dao of Earth and the Boundless Dao! 】

[Reminder: It takes four million years for this tree to produce nine fruits. Each spirit fruit contains 11% thick earth rhyme, 11% earthborn rhyme, and 11% boundless rhyme. 】

[Eat the nine spiritual fruits at the same time, you can awaken the three avenues of thick earth, earth, and boundless at the same time! 】

After this glimpse, Ji Yang's body quickly looked at the crown of the tree, and sure enough, there were nine spiritual fruits on it, each with the word 'Yellow Zhong' on it, all of them exuding aura, obviously they have been mature for a long time!

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he was full of surprises!

Such precious nine spirit fruits!

I don't know why the devils don't pick and use them?

However, those demon gods don't even need to eat, it just happened to be cheaper for him!

With this thought, Ji Yang's body suddenly became even hotter.

Soon, he calmed down and looked at the heaven and earth spirit root on the right...

[Fenglei Xianxing: The pinnacle level of fortune, the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, does not recognize the master! 】

[This thing contains the power of the three avenues of the Dao of Wind, Dao of Thunder, and Dao of Collapse! 】

[Reminder: This tree can give birth to two fairy apricots in five million years. 】

[A fairy apricot contains 1% the rhyme of wind, and 50% of the rhyme of collapse! 】

[A fairy apricot contains 1% the rhyme of thunder, and 50% of the rhyme of collapse! 】

[Eating two immortal apricots at the same time can awaken the three avenues of wind, thunder, and collapse at the same time! 】

After reading it, Ji Yang's body found that there were indeed two fairy apricots growing on the divine tree.

He smiled again.

The spirit fruit on this spirit root is also well preserved!

Although he has mastered the two avenues of wind and thunder, he has not mastered the avenues of collapse!

Collapse Avenue belongs to Killing Avenue, and it is the top 100 Houtian Avenue.

If he can master it, it will be of great help to the advancement of his 'Seven Killing Divine Body'!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body wants to get the two spiritual roots even more.