Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Then, he took his eyes back and landed on the cloud barrier in front of him.

If he wants to capture the spiritual root, he must first break the cloud barrier in front of him.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

This cloud formation doesn't seem to be simple!

As soon as Ji Yang's mind moved, he spied away...

[Plain cloud enchantment: pure defensive enchantment, manifested by the plain cloud circle flag]

[Plain cloud flag: the western flag in the innate five-element flag, the pinnacle treasure of good fortune]

[Reminder: After gathering all the Five Innate Flags, you can get the Innate Five-Party Great Array, whose power is comparable to that of the Great Dao, and can be called invincible defense]

The anode body shines again!

Another treasure of the pinnacle of good fortune!

The value of this treasure is probably more precious than those two spiritual roots.

"No wonder Feng Xi can't escape! It turns out that he relied on this pinnacle of good fortune artifact!"

Ji Yang's body instantly figured out the cause and effect.

Then, he took a deep breath, and seven colors of divine light lit up on his body!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, he put on the Seven Transformations Divine Armor, and the Heaven Punishing Sword lit up in his hand!

Om~! Om~!

Human-machine integration is completed in an instant!

The momentum of Jiyang's body suddenly soared to 113.5 billion stars!

With his action, the demon gods below opened their eyes one after another.

The demon gods have been waiting for a long time.

Feng Xi was even more nervous!

It was also the first time for him to use the plain-colored cloud border flag, and he was somewhat uncertain in his heart!

The demon gods waited anxiously.

They really want to know, does the attack power of the polar body have 200 million stars?

Up to now, they still have doubts about the strength of Ji Yang's body!

Swish~!

At this moment, above the enchantment, a beam of sword light lit up the sky!

That dazzling sword light is like the dawn of dawn, and the rising sun is rising!

The light instantly broke the darkness before dawn and brightened the earth!

The eyes of the demon gods were filled with sword light, and they never saw other things...

There was an exclamation in the demon group!

"He's doing it!"

Swish~!

The exclamation did not end!

Ji Yang's body slammed down with a sword, slashing down, smashing the sky and breaking the ground!

Om~!

At that moment, he launched a knowing strike!

The meaning of invincibility suddenly erupted!

Attack power, instantly doubled!

The momentum of that sword suddenly reached 227 billion stars!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

I saw where the divine sword passed, the void shattered every inch, and the laws were annihilated!

The imposing manner of destroying the sky and destroying the earth enveloped the entire barrier, and finally slashed above that barrier!

Boom~~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The entire Valley of Ten Thousand Demons trembled violently!

This terrifying movement made all the demon gods stunned, and they didn't dare to breathe!

Just now, they sensed that the attack of the polar body was infinitely close to 2.3 billion stars!

About 2.3 billion!

This is about 300 million more than the 200 million stars that Lord Feng Xi said!

This time, all the demon gods were stunned!

The eyes that look at Jiyang's body one by one have become a little fearful!

2.3 billion attack power!

A single sword can kill them in seconds!

Without the protection of Suyun Barrier, they wouldn't even have a chance to escape!

At this moment, they no longer dared to doubt Feng Xi's words, but felt that Lord Feng Xi had underestimated Ji Yang's body!

They really didn't expect that a False God Realm existence could unleash such a terrifying blow!

With this thought, the demon gods swallowed their saliva, and no demon dared to speak again.

The atmosphere in the field is a little quiet!

In the center of the altar, Feng Xi was also shocked!

The blow of Ji Yang's body just now exceeded his expectations!

This human seems to be getting stronger!

But how long has it been since he became stronger?

The more Feng Xi thought about it, the more shocked he became!

At the same moment, above the barrier.

Jiyang body looked at the enchantment below, and frowned.

Just now, he slashed with all his strength, and only made the barrier tremble slightly!

Judging from these details, the protective power of this enchantment far exceeds his attack!

This is not a good phenomenon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's brows furrowed even tighter.

If he can't break this barrier, then he won't be able to capture the two spiritual roots of heaven and earth, and it will be even more impossible to complete the mission of Killing Heaven Sword.

If the quest of Slaughtering Heaven Sword cannot be completed, then the follow-up quest of 'Slaying Heaven Sword Formation' will not be able to obtain 330.

He wanted to combine the wish of the 'Sword Executioner', but he was afraid that he would fail.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is a little irritable!

At this moment, Feng Xi's voice came from below.

"Human! You don't have to waste your time! The deity's Suyun barrier can withstand 300 million star attacks! You can't break it! If you are interested, you should leave early!"

Feng Xi's tone was relatively restrained.

Even if the enchantment blocked the attack, his fear of Jiyang's body still did not weaken much.

As soon as his voice fell, all the demon gods also agreed.

"Lord Feng Xi is right! Humans, if you know each other, leave as soon as possible!"

"Human! Your strongest attack seems to have not even reached 2.3 billion. It seems that you want to break through the defense of 300 million. It's a fool's dream! Just get out of here!"

Many demon gods rely on the barrier to protect themselves, and their words are becoming more and more arrogant, even more arrogant than Feng Xi.

After all, these demon gods have never experienced death before!

Above the sky, the body of the polar sun can be heard harshly.

He looked coldly at those unscrupulous demon gods and smiled coldly in his heart.

It turns out that the defense of this enchantment is 300 million stars!

It seems that he has to find a way to improve his attack power.

In any case, he has to break the barrier and get the treasure he wants!

Immediately, he looked down at the demons, and said coldly, "Wait a minute! When the deity returns, I will break this barrier!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Yang's body flashed away and rushed not far away...

At this moment, there was a laughing sound behind him.

"Haha! That guy ran off wisely!"

"He said just now, come back and break this barrier, let us wait!"

"Haha! Do you believe this? His attack range is still more than 700 million from 300 million. Do you think he can close the gap so quickly?"

"It turns out that, after a long time, this guy is bragging! Haha!"

As soon as those words fell, many demon gods laughed.

Only Feng Xi took a deep breath, feeling a little uneasy in his heart.

Ji Yang's body naturally heard the ridicule of the demons, he sneered in his heart and ignored it.

He did not intend to leave the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons, but had another plan

Chapter 890: Great victory in the bet! completely annihilated!

With a burst of blood splashing!

The corpse of Emperor Xun was cut into two halves!

But in the next second, the corpse burst into pieces, turned into a blood mist, and gathered together, rolling rapidly.

Di Xun is still struggling and is about to be resurrected!

Seeing this, the eyes of the extreme yin body flashed, and two invisible soul-killing thorns shot out from the depths of their eyes.

huh~! huh~!

Two beeps!

The soul-killing thorn shot into the blood mist and slammed into Di Xun's soul body!

Poof~! Poof~!

Two more muffled beeps!

The soul body suddenly burst!

Immediately, an extremely shrill scream came from the blood fog!

In the end, Emperor Xun's soul flew away, and he died!

The very yin body also let out a long sigh of relief and showed a gratified smile.

The Punishment Divine Eye is on Ji Yang's body. He doesn't have this divine artifact, so he can only use the Soul Killing Thorn.

What made him gratified was that as his strength increased, the power of his soul-killing thorn was also skyrocketing, and he was able to kill a god-king peak soul body.

Soon, the blood mist transformed by Emperor Xun dissipated, revealing a Holy Land token!

The very yin body quickly waved his hand and grabbed the token into his hand.

In the next second, the token turned into a golden light and poured into his body