Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[You killed a top player of the God King and obtained his token, you get 1 Holy Land Point! 】

very good!

Got 1 point!

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

Along the way, he also killed a lot of players, and his points accumulated to 1736 points.

Now that you get this 1 point, that is 2736 points, you can exchange for 2 pass orders for the Nine Heavens Temple.

In addition, there are 6607 points on Jiyang's body, which can only be exchanged for 6 pass orders.

What Qin Feng needs is nine pass orders, and there is one less.

However, as long as Ji Yang's body beheaded Feng Xi and other demon gods, it would be able to collect more than 813 points of seven thousand, and he would be able to collect a pass.

Thinking of this, the very yin body smiled, then picked up a seal in his hand, and activated his luck to devour...

The invisible power of devouring instantly enveloped the audience

Soon, an invisible force of luck poured into his body

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have absorbed all the luck of 'Di Xun', your luck value +440 times]

In a blink of an eye, the luck was swallowed up!

Qin Feng's luck has soared to 12 times!

This is also an invisible strength improvement!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was a sudden roar in the air, and the entire secret realm shook.

In the next second, the voice of Tiandao sounded over the entire secret realm.

[Betting reminder: The player 'Di Xun' has fallen, and the two bets he launched are automatically judged to be unsuccessful! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, there was an uproar in every corner of the secret realm!

Gosh!

Lord Di Xun has fallen?

How did he fall?

You know, he is the strongest existence among the players!

At this moment, all the players were stunned!

On the other side, Qing Emperor, who was on his way, was completely stunned.

He looked up at the sky in astonishment!

Afterwards, he looked at the direction in which the body of the extreme yin and Di Xun left, and a thought could not help surging in his heart.

Is it...

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing couldn't help but take a deep breath of cold air, feeling shocked deep in his heart!

He couldn't imagine that Qin Feng, who was in the False God Realm, could actually kill Di Xun, who was at the peak of the God King!

How the **** did that guy do it?F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

What's even more terrifying is that this time, there is only one body!

Qin Feng's polar body hasn't appeared yet!

"That guy is really strong! It turns out that the master underestimated him!"

At this moment, Qing Di was sighing in his heart.

The Master in his mouth is naturally the 'Heavenly Venerate'!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Betting reminder: The player Emperor Xian has fallen, so Qin Feng (the very yin body) won this bet! 】

[Betting reminder: congratulations to the player Qin Feng (Extreme Yin Ontology) for winning the 'Avenue of Time', 'Avenue of Escape', and 'Avenue of Vientiane (Xiantian)' and now the reward and punishment mechanism is implemented]

Om~!

With a burst of sky shaking!

A milky white beam of light descended from the sky and landed in front of the extremely yin body.

After a while, a black Dao crystal, a white Dao crystal, and a golden Dao crystal slowly fell along the beam of light.

The three avenues just fell in front of Jiyang's body.

With a wave of his hand, he put away the three Dao Crystals!

The black one is Taiqing Daojing (Time), the white one is Taiqing Daojing (Escape), and the golden one is Xiantian Dao - Vientiane Daojing.

"Three more avenues!"

The extremely negative body smiled with satisfaction.

These three avenues are very strong!

Especially the Vientiane Avenue, the Innate Avenue he wanted the most!

After observing for a while, the extreme yin body sent three Dao crystals into the chaotic space, allowing the mind body to refine it.

After doing this, he looked up and looked forward!

There are still more than 600,000 miles away, and we will be able to reach the land of the gods.

At present, Qin Feng's unfinished task is to destroy Feng Xi and other demon gods.

That task is done by the polar body!

But it seems that the anode body can't be completed!

After all, the attack power of 300 million stars cannot reach Jiyang's body at all, so he must help find a way!

Thinking of this, the very yin body is a little worried!

what! correct!

Suddenly, the eyes of the extreme yin body seemed to think of something.

In the next second, he summoned the Book of the World and began to divination and deduce something.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky roared continuously!

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Betting reminder: The player 'Di Xun' has fallen, so the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) won this bet! 】

[Betting reminder: congratulations to the player Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) for winning the "Avenue of Despairing Love" and "Avenue of Hundred Flowers". Now the reward and punishment mechanism is implemented! 】

As the prompt sounded, in every corner of the secret realm, the players sighed again!

Many people began to sympathize with Di Xun!

This time, Di Xun was really miserable, one person lost five avenues in a row!

The chance he got in the first round could not make up for such a heavy loss!

At the same time, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

Just as Jiyang's body has just completed a wave of spiritual plant devouring, a reward beam of light descended from the sky!

Then a cyan Dao crystal and a red Dao crystal slowly fell in front of him along the beam of light.

Jiyang body happily put away Daojing!

The blue Daojing is Taiqing Daojing (Destroying Love), and the red Daojing is Taiqing Daojing (Hundred Flowers)

"Two more avenues!"

The anode body was satisfactorily retracted into the chaotic space.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Two times of gambling, the execution of rewards and punishments is over! 】

[Congratulations to Qin Feng (the very yin body) for winning this bet! Received 20,000 reputation points! 】

[Congratulations to Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) for winning this bet! Received 20,000 reputation points! 】

[Congratulations to Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology) for winning the Dao-level bet four times in a row! Get an additional 10,000 Prestige Rewards! 】

Prestige Rewards are back!

After a while, Qin Feng gained a total of 50,000 reputation points.

As a result, his reputation has reached 380,000 points.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

However, it takes 500,000 points for him to be promoted to the 'Ultimate Evangelist', which is still a lot!

I don't want so much anymore!

Time is running out, he has to continue to devour Lingzhi!

At this time, Ji Yang's body looked around and rushed in one direction!

He is going to devour the spiritual plants in the next area

At the same time, near the land of the gods.

The derivation of the cathode body has also been completed.

At this moment, he looked in a certain direction with a smile on his face

"I didn't expect the lamp to be four million miles away, which is closer to me than Emperor Qing! It can be seen that this guy is also a lucky person, and he is close to the land of the gods before he knows it."

The very yin body smiled and put away the "Book of the Present World".

After doing this, he flashed his figure and rushed in the direction of the burning lamp.

It turned out that he was just calculating the position of the ancient **** of burning the lamp!

And finding the ancient **** of burning lamp will be of great help to Jiyang's body to destroy the 'plain color cloud boundary flag'

At the same time, outside the Holy Land, spy inside the God's Domain.

Di Xun stood in the starry sky, and the whole person was enveloped by a black light!

That is the punishment beam of light descended by Heaven!

After a long time, the light beam of punishment slowly dissipated!

This is how Di Xun's figure appeared!

I saw him look decadent!

The whole person instantly aged a hundred years.

His momentum has plummeted from 700 million stars to 55 billion stars!

Losing the five avenues, he also lost the road foundation, and the loss was extremely heavy.

This makes Di Xun really unacceptable!

Having said that, he never thought that Qin Feng's strength would be so terrifying, and he would be killed in a face-to-face!

Is that guy really just a False God?

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed behind him, and a figure appeared!

Di Xun hurriedly looked back and saw that the person who came was Cheng Huang!

Just riding on the yellow head and white hair, the whole person is hundreds of years old, and the momentum has plummeted to the threshold of the peak of the **** king, which is even more miserable than him!

"Brother Di Xun, I didn't expect you to fail too!"