Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

However, it takes 500,000 points for him to be promoted to the 'Ultimate Evangelist', which is still a lot!

I don't want so much anymore!

Time is running out, he has to continue to devour Lingzhi!

At this time, Ji Yang's body looked around and rushed in one direction!

He is going to devour the spiritual plants in the next area

At the same time, near the land of the gods.

The derivation of the cathode body has also been completed.

At this moment, he looked in a certain direction with a smile on his face

"I didn't expect the lamp to be four million miles away, which is closer to me than Emperor Qing! It can be seen that this guy is also a lucky person, and he is close to the land of the gods before he knows it."

The very yin body smiled and put away the "Book of the Present World".

After doing this, he flashed his figure and rushed in the direction of the burning lamp.

It turned out that he was just calculating the position of the ancient **** of burning the lamp!

And finding the ancient **** of burning lamp will be of great help to Jiyang's body to destroy the 'plain color cloud boundary flag'

At the same time, outside the Holy Land, spy inside the God's Domain.

Di Xun stood in the starry sky, and the whole person was enveloped by a black light!

That is the punishment beam of light descended by Heaven!

After a long time, the light beam of punishment slowly dissipated!

This is how Di Xun's figure appeared!

I saw him look decadent!

The whole person instantly aged a hundred years.

His momentum has plummeted from 700 million stars to 55 billion stars!

Losing the five avenues, he also lost the road foundation, and the loss was extremely heavy.

This makes Di Xun really unacceptable!

Having said that, he never thought that Qin Feng's strength would be so terrifying, and he would be killed in a face-to-face!

Is that guy really just a False God?

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed behind him, and a figure appeared!

Di Xun hurriedly looked back and saw that the person who came was Cheng Huang!

Just riding on the yellow head and white hair, the whole person is hundreds of years old, and the momentum has plummeted to the threshold of the peak of the **** king, which is even more miserable than him!

"Brother Di Xun, I didn't expect you to fail too!"

Cheng Huang spoke first.

Di Xun also looked at him in astonishment: "You actually came out! Could it be that little thief"

Cheng Huang smiled bitterly: "You guessed it right! That little thief couldn't kill me, but also killed Emperor Zi, Emperor Jin, and everyone else. This time, we have wiped out the entire army of the Heavenly Divine Realm!"

After hearing this, Di Xun's face suddenly became ugly.

After a long time, he sighed helplessly: "Hey! It seems that I have failed completely! By the way, why didn't the one who came out to greet me this time not pick up the Venerable?"

Cheng Huang hurriedly said, "The Venerable Jie Yin has already gone to the Divine Realm of Light!"

"Why?"

Di Xun was quite puzzled.

Cheng Huang smiled proudly: "Actually, we didn't get nothing this time. I was in the secret territory this time, and inadvertently inquired about the information on the previous and next pages of the Book of the Future."

"Those two treasures fell into the hands of Yeshen of the Bright God Realm. Based on this news, Da Jitian calculated an extremely favorable cause and effect. That is, as long as we find Yeshen, then we can find Qin Feng's lair!"

Chapter 892: Innate Yin and Yang! Create the current!

Hearing that, Di Xun's eyes lit up, and he was immediately excited.

"That's great! So, why did you go to the Bright God Realm to find Yeshen?"

Cheng Huang nodded: "You can say that! It's just that Yeshen is not necessarily in the Bright God Realm! Dajitian has calculated the location of Yeshen many times, but they are all ambiguous and impossible to calculate!"

Di Xun was surprised: "Why is this happening? It stands to reason that with the strength of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven, as long as you know the information on the upper and lower pages of the "Book of the Future", you should be able to calculate the position of ~Yeshen!"

Cheng Huang Yao looked into the distance: "Great sacrifice, there should be someone next to Ye Shen who has mastered the 'Tianji Dao'. That person has been helping Yeshen to cover up the secrets, so it is difficult for him to calculate the position of Ye-shen. "

"However, Dajitian still calculated two possible locations. One is in the realm of light, and the other is near the realm of darkness."

"For this reason, the Great Sacrifice sent the 'Respectful Reverence' to the Bright God Realm to find it. The 'Puyin Venerable' was sent to the Dark Demon Realm to find it! According to the meaning of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven, 90% of them will be able to find it this time!"

Hearing this, Di Xun only breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he smiled and said: "Whether it is the venerable accomplice or the venerable general, it is a half-step eternal power. If they take action, Qin Feng will be dead!"

Cheng Huang also smiled and said, "Yeah! The only regret is that originally, Da Jitian wanted the two venerables to deal with Qin Feng together. Now it seems that we can only form a one-on-one situation."

Di Xun said with disapproval: "What if it's one-on-one? With Qin Feng's strength, no matter how strong he is, it will be a dead end in the face of half-step eternity!"

Cheng Huang smiled and said, "This is the truth!"

As soon as the words fell, the two showed a knowing smile.

At the same time, in the depths of that distant starry sky!

Two figures, a man and a woman, are hovering in the starry sky, looking at the dark demon realm ahead

These two are **** and Mary!

At this moment, Maria's expression was very serious, her hands were pinching the seals, and she was controlling the seventy-eight black divine cards in front of her!

Those **** cards are called 'Tarot cards' and are a rare artifact used to conceal the secrets!

After a long time, Maria finished pinching the seal and touched the cold sweat on her forehead!

"How's it going?"

Seeing this, Ye Shen said with concern.

Maria raised her head slightly: "It's covering up your secrets! However, I can't guarantee it 100%."

"The person who calculates your position has too much deduction ability. Perhaps only by mastering the avenue of cause and effect, can he completely avoid his calculation!"

Ye Shen was surprised: "So strong? Who is that person? Could it be Qin Feng?"

Maria shook her head slightly: "It shouldn't be that little thief! With that little thief's strength, it's only at the early stage of the God King, and he doesn't have that kind of ability at all."

Ye Shen frowned: "That is to say, you don't know whether that person is an enemy or a friend?"

Maria sighed: "You can say that! It doesn't matter what I say, I have tried my best to cover up your secret information, and the other party can't count it. Let's go to the Azure Dragon Star Region and kill Qin Feng!"

Ye Shen took a deep breath: "Let's go!"

As soon as the words fell, the two of them rushed towards the Dark Demon Realm.

Their goal is to rush to the Qinglong Star Territory, and the Dark Demon Territory is the only way to go

Ye Shen and the two did not know that Venerable Puyin was also on his way to the dark demon realm.

Just when the dark tide was surging outside, something was happening in the Holy Land.

At this moment, in the Valley of Ten Thousand Demons.

Ji Yang's body looked around, and his eyes were full of withered spiritual plants.

After some hard work, he finally devoured all the spiritual plants in the valley.

In this way, his basic combat power finally reached 119 billion stars.

If the human and the machine are in one state, he can reach 120.8 billion stars.

This is far from the goal in his heart!

However, he has no time to wait any longer!

He wants to return to Feng Xi's old nest and destroy the plain-colored Cloud Realm Flag.

Although his combat power is not enough, he has other means!

Besides, the spiritual plants in this valley have been swallowed up, and there is no need to wander around.

huh~!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, 20,000 miles away, the body of the polar yang appeared out of thin air.

And not far in front of him, there is a fission variant that has been waiting there for a long time.

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body moved with a thought, inhaling the fission body into the body and merging it into one.

It turned out that this secret realm suppressed his space call.

His current maximum summoning distance is 20,000 miles.

In order to speed up his return, he left a fission variant every 20,000 miles.

Now it happens to be summoned through space, and constantly teleports back to shorten the time-consuming.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As soon as the fission body was taken back, the extreme sun body teleported away again.

In this way, the anode body keeps teleporting away, and the return speed is extremely fast.

In just three minutes, he returned to the vicinity of Feng Xi's old nest!

At the same time, he also took back all the fission bodies!

Having said that, it is precisely because of space summoning that there is a distance limit.

He has no way to summon the extreme yin body to come over!

Of course, he didn't plan to summon the extreme yin body at all.

After all, he is in the hinterland of the center of the secret realm, which is too far from the land of the gods.

If the extremely yin body is summoned, and the two bodies have destroyed the seal, then rushing to the land of the gods, it will waste a lot of time!

It is not conducive to Qin Feng winning the first place in this round.

Therefore, the matter of exterminating Fengxi still has to be done by Ji Yang's body alone!

"Finally back!"

Ji Yang's body looked in the direction of Feng Xi's old nest and smiled slightly.

He is only tens of thousands of miles away from that place, and it only takes ten seconds to get there.

However, his current attack power is not enough, and it is estimated that he will have to wait for the means of the extreme yin body.

With this in mind, Jiyang's main body continued to go to Fengxi's old nest

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, in his chaotic space, two majestic Dao powers suddenly radiated.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (blessing), comprehended the 1% Dao rhyme of Blessing Dao, and your combat power +110 million stars….]

[Reminder: Your Mind Body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Shuangjing), and you have understood the 1% Dao Rhyme of Shuangjing Avenue, your combat power +90,000 stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow——The Dao of Blessing! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +220 million stars]

[Your Chaos Space has successfully merged with the Blessing Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 220 million stars of the power of heaven and earth to feed back]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for the avenue of the day after tomorrow - Frostfall Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +180 million stars]

[Your chaotic space has successfully merged with the Frostfall Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 180 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

The anode body is full of surprises!