Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He actually awakened two new avenues at this moment!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

After a long time, the Great Dao has awakened!

·

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

Before he could be happy, there was a reminder from Tiandao

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Blessing Avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Plate automatically records the ‘Road of Frost Falls’ you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body lit up with two-colored avenues of spiritual light, and the momentum skyrocketed all the way!

In a blink of an eye, he increased his combat power by 200 million stars!

But all this is not over, Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Reminder: Your Fortune Jade Disc has recorded 60 avenues, which have reached the advanced requirements and are in the process of automatic advancement]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from Tier 1 to Tier 2! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the second-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 3%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the second-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the Dao Scroll is increased by 3%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the second-order fortune-telling jade plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 5 billion stars! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

The momentum of Jiyang's body is soaring all the way again

He was amazed!

After a long time, all the visions gradually calmed down!

Ji Yang's body also opened his eyes again, and his eyes were full of joy!

After this, his basic combat power has reached 125.2 billion stars.

"The jade plate of good fortune is really good! My refining speed for Taiqing Daojing has obviously doubled!"

Jiyang body is amazed!

His Blessing Avenue and Frostfall Avenue awakened so quickly, relying on the assistance of the Jade Plate of Fortune.

Now that the jade plate of good fortune has been promoted from level 1 to level 2, his refining of Taiqing Daojing has been accelerated.

This made him look forward to it even more!

Today, the Daojings that have not been refined in his hands are Tianji Avenue, Destroying Love Avenue, Time Avenue, Escape Avenue, and Vientiane Avenue.

With the help of the jade plate of good fortune, the refining of these five avenues will naturally be faster!

And the advancement of the Jade Plate, the efficiency of comprehension of the Dao Scroll has also been improved.

Today, Qin Feng's fastest comprehension of the scrolls of the avenues is the scroll of the avenues of creation, which has reached more than 98%.

The advanced stage of the jade plate of good fortune, its awakening and comprehension speed is faster!

However, it is time for him to break the boundary now!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's main body flashed and rushed towards Feng Xi's old nest.

At the same time, Feng Xi's old nest.

on that altar.

Feng Xi still moved the seal, maintaining the operation of Suyun's enchantment, and did not dare to relax in the slightest.

Long Bo and the other demon gods were chatting.

"Lord Feng Xi, the little human thief has been gone for a while, and he hasn't come back! Do you think he has been hiding nearby and peeping?"

"I think it's very possible! He should be waiting for us to remove the enchantment, and then come with a surprise attack!"

"Haha! How can we be fooled by such a childish trick? That little thief underestimates us too!"

"That's right! No matter what that person thinks, if I keep this barrier running, it will be safe!"

The demon gods said with a smile.

The atmosphere of the scene is very relaxed!

huh~!

Suddenly, a blank light flashed on the barrier, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air!

The demon gods hurriedly followed the sound!

In the next second, there was an exclamation from the demon group!

"Hey! He's back again!"

The person who came is the body of Jiyang! Spoon.

Chapter 893 Chaos Promotion! Ghost realm messenger!

As soon as Ji Yang's body appeared, all the demon gods looked away.

Feng Xi took a deep breath and looked at Ji Yang's body with some fear.

However, he could not see the change in the anode body.

At this moment, the muttering of the demons rang in his ears.

"Lord Feng Xi! It seems that this guy can't hold back!!"

"Haha! It must be that he can't wait! After all, he still needs to complete the assessment of Heavenly Dao, so it is impossible to spend time here all the time!"

"Yeah! He's not like us! It's more time-consuming, he can't afford it!"

As soon as these words fell, the faces of the demons showed a look of pride.

Even Feng Xi's eyes lit up, thinking that it was indeed the case.

Immediately, that Long Bo raised his head and shouted to Qin Feng boldly.

"Human! Why are you back? Are you capable of breaking our barrier?"

Long Bo's tone was tentative.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

But without waiting for Jiyang's body to respond, another demon **** laughed and joked.

"Lord Long Bo, I'm afraid you think highly of this kid! His previous attack power was not even 2.3 billion stars! How could he reach 300 million stars in just such a short time?!"

"Haha! That's right!"

As soon as these words came out, several famous demon gods agreed, and their tone was joking!

Relying on the protection of the enchantment, these guys are unscrupulous!

On the contrary, Feng Xi hesitated to speak, as if he did not dare to speak to death!

The polar body has already planted a deep shadow in his heart!

In the air, Ji Yang's body felt particularly harsh listening to the temptation and ridicule of those demon gods!

These monsters really don't know how to live or die!

He sneered and made a move

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, he put on the Seven Transformations Divine Armor and sacrificed the Heaven Punishing Sword!

Om~! Om~!

In the next second, the Heaven Execution Sword and the Seven Transformations Divine Armor lit up with golden light!

Human-machine integration is completed in an instant!

The combat power of Ji Yang's body has soared to 127 billion stars!

Seeing this scene, the demon gods changed their expressions slightly, and their expressions became a little nervous.

"Hey! This guy"

"He's really going to attack again? Isn't it to scare me!"

Some timid demon gods began to worry.

Several daring demon gods smiled indifferently.

That Long Bo even comforted: "Don't worry, everyone! It doesn't seem to take long for this guy to return from his departure. Do you think he may close the gap of more than 700 million in combat power!"

"I can guarantee it! He will never break this barrier! If you don't believe it, just watch it!

Long Bo said firmly.

The demon gods nodded slightly, thinking it made sense!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body thought a move, and six auras lit up continuously on his body!

In the next second, his momentum began to soar all the way, and in a blink of an eye, his combat power increased by 11 billion stars, reaching 138 billion stars!

It turned out that he displayed the sacrifice of combat power, from Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, Yu Xuanji, and Feng Xi, and obtained the superposition of 11 billion combat power in one fell swoop!

This makes him very satisfied!

It can be seen that the six people of Dijiang retreated this time, and all of them made great progress.

Of course, the retreat of the Dijiang six is ​​not over yet, and their strength is still improving!

"138 billion! It seems almost!"

Ji Yang's body pondered inwardly.

In the next second, as soon as he thought about it, his whole body lit up with a faint silver light, exuding an incomparably majestic aura of luck!

That silver light is the manifestation of the power of luck!

When the air luck value reaches more than 10,000 times, the air luck will be manifested from 'invisible and intangible' to 'tangible and qualitative', and the increase in combat power will also be significantly improved!

hum~~!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body kept urging Qi Luck, and the silver light on the whole body became brighter and brighter!

In the end, his whole person turned into a silver light group, like a bright moon in the sky!

His momentum also skyrocketed, and finally increased his 12 billion star combat power!

Qin Feng's current luck is 12 times!

Increased combat power by 12 billion

Equivalent to every 1 times the luck, an increase of 100 million star combat power!

This is the magic effect that the 'Lord of Ultimate Destiny' can master!

In this way, the momentum of Jiyang's body reached its peak at this moment, suddenly reaching 1.5 billion stars!

At the same moment, the demon gods finally felt a little hairy when they saw this strange scene.

"Everyone, what is this guy doing? Why did that dazzling silver light suddenly appear on his body!"

"Yeah! That silver light is neither like the power of vitality nor the power of the Great Dao, what is that?"

"I do not know!"

"Don't worry everyone! This little thief is just pretending to be a ghost!"

Among the demons, Long Bo's voice of consolation sounded again!

Swish~!

The words just fell, and a sword light lit up above the enchantment!