Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The anode body is out!

Om~!

At that moment, its dazzling sword light, like the scorching sun in the sky, reflected the sky and the earth, filling the eyes of all the demons!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body launched a knowing blow!

Liuhe universe, the invincible solitary will erupt!

Ji Yang's body slashed down with a sword, and the attack power doubled instantly!

Chi~la~!

A sound of void splitting!

Where the lightsaber passes, the void is cut open, and the avenue is annihilated!

The momentum of that sword suddenly reached 300 million stars, and finally slashed above the enchantment!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The whole secret world trembled!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Under the barrier, the earth is cracked inch by inch!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Above the barrier, cracks appear densely!

Oh my god~!

When the demon gods saw the cracks appear in the barrier, they were all scared to death!

"Quick! Quickly help me!"

Feng Xi was even more frightened and screamed!

The demon gods reacted in an instant, and they moved their seals one after another, and sacrificed a magic power, which was poured into Feng Xi's body!

In just an instant, twelve magic powers poured into the body one after another!

Feng Xi's momentum skyrocketed wildly, increasing his power by tens of billions in an instant.

Afterwards, he flipped his hands, and moved the seals again and again to control the air barrier!

hum~~!

A burst of chirping!

The cloud world shield actually lit up with a dazzling white light, and the cracks were automatically repaired instantly!

Its protective momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

Swish~!

At this moment, the sky-penetrating sword light lit up outside the barrier again!

The second shot of the anode body!

He saw that the first sword was just slashing the mask, and he quickly slashed the second sword!

Om~!

A heart attack! Start again!

The 300 million star attack fell again, slashing on the barrier!

Bang~~!

Another loud bang!

The enchantment shook violently!

This time, it actually blocked the attack without cracking!

"Hey! This is"

Ji Yang's body was a little surprised, and he couldn't help but look into the enchantment, and saw that the demon gods were helping Feng Xi with all their strength.

He suddenly realized!

Unexpectedly, the demons still have this trick!

At the same moment, all the demons looked at the trembling barrier with a look of horror, and they didn't dare to breathe!

They didn't breathe a sigh of relief until the barrier stopped shaking!

Then, they looked at Qin Feng again.

This time, there was fear in their eyes!

They never thought that after the Jiyang body came back, it almost broke the protective barrier!

If they hadn't worked together to control the secret technique of the 'Plain Color Cloud Realm Flag', then this time would be really over!

In short, Ji Yang's second shot completely shocked them.

At this moment, they no longer dared to talk nonsense, and they didn't even dare to look at Ji Yang's body.

The demons are silent!

The atmosphere in the field is a bit depressing!

It was at this moment that Feng Xi's voice sounded in the field.

"This human friend! Feng Mou still advises you to leave! This time, our thirteen demon gods joined forces, and the power of the defensive barrier has reached 3.3 billion stars. You can't break it!"

"I advise my friends not to delay their opportunity in the Holy Land, and go elsewhere!"

Feng Xi looked at Ji Yang's body with some fear, and his tone was very polite.

The rest of the demon gods are silent, no demons dare to be presumptuous!

In the air, the corners of Ji Yang's body twitched slightly, smiling without saying a word!

3.3 billion stars?

It seems so!

The second sword he just chopped out had already explored this bottom line.

This idiot is sincere!

Thinking about it, he was also afraid, and wanted Jiyang to retreat!

But Ji Yang's body didn't get the Heaven and Earth Spirit Root and Killing Heaven Sword, how could he retreat?

The 300 million star power gap!

Look, he has to think of something else!

Jiyang body muttered in his heart

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that his aura soared again, and his combat power increased by 200 million in a blink of an eye!

Jiyang's eyes suddenly lit up, and he quickly looked up in the direction of the land of the gods.

In the next second, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

It turned out that the very yin body was using the spiritual plant to devour!

At this moment, the very yin body is only tens of thousands of miles away from the ancient **** of burning the lamp.

As long as he finds the burning lamp, he will have the method to break this enchantment!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body suddenly looked forward to it.

At the same time, near the land of the gods.

Ran Deng looked around happily.

All around him, all the spiritual plants withered and died.

This familiar method, he recognized at a glance, was done by the master.

Thinking of this, the figure of the lantern flashed and rushed towards the source of swallowing

4.7 But he didn't walk long when a white light flashed in front of him, and a familiar figure appeared out of thin air.

Burning the lamp and taking a closer look, I saw that the person who came was the very yin body!

He hurriedly came forward to meet with joy: "Brighten the lamp to meet the master!"

At this moment, the very yin body is also quite happy.

"Don't be too polite!"

He said something casually, and looked away at the lamp.

As soon as he looked at it, his eyes lit up, showing a look of relief.

I saw that the lamp had been restored to the realm of the king of gods, and the combat power had reached 24 billion stars, and it also exuded a complete avenue of breath.

That is the innate avenue - the Yin-Yang avenue!

In addition, he also exudes a second incomplete avenue of avenues, the Houtian avenue—Dinghai avenue!

It turned out that Ran Deng had comprehended three avenues before his death!

As his injuries continued to recover, Dao's memory was also awakening.

After the first avenue was restored, his second avenue also began to awaken automatically.

This makes the very negative body quite pleasantly surprised!

Ran Deng is his subordinate!

He can copy the 'Yin-Yang Avenue' from Ran Deng through 'Faith Sharing'!

That is an extremely rare congenital avenue!

"I thought that Demon Venerable Styx would first let me acquire the eighth Innate Avenue. Now it seems that it is a step faster to burn the lamp!"

At this moment, the very yin body muttered with joy in his heart.

Chapter 894 Killing the Demons! Star map secret realm!

"Master, this is the harvest of this subordinate! Please accept it!"

At this moment, Ran Deng took out two Chaos treasure chests (incomplete state) from the storage ring and presented them respectfully.

Jiyin's eyes lit up: "Not bad! It seems that you killed two monsters from the early days of the **** king this time!"

Ran Deng said with a smile: "My subordinates are lucky! When I recovered to the realm of the gods, I encountered two monsters in the early stage of the gods. If I didn't restore the realm, I might not be able to kill them!"

"That's also your creation!"

Ji Yin's body smiled and put away two Chaos Treasure Chests.

As a result, Qin Feng has 8 chaotic treasure chests (complete state) and 6 chaotic treasure chests in incomplete state.

This is one step closer to condensing the second Taoist treasure chest!

At this time, Ran Deng said respectfully: "Master, the Innate Yin-Yang Avenue has been completely restored, and you can use 'Faith Sharing'!"

The yin body smiled and nodded: "I have seen it! Then let's start!"

"Yes!"

Light up the lamp respectfully!

Seeing this, the very yin body stretched out a white and slender finger

Om~!

The next second, his fingertips lit up with dazzling golden spots and began to slide in the air

Where the fingertips passed, there were actually golden lines, exuding an astonishing breath.

In just a moment, he drew a golden rune in the air, and then pressed towards the center of Ran Deng's eyebrows.