Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

huh~!

I saw a flash of golden light, and the rune poured into the eyebrows of the burning lamp and disappeared!

Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, the very yin body and the burning lamp resonated with the soul!

The next second 19, the monstrous innate power of yin and yang radiates from the sea of ​​consciousness of the extreme yin body

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing your insights on the avenue with your subordinate, Ran Deng]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Yun of Yin Yang Avenue from Ran Deng, your combat power + 280 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany realization of the innate avenue - the yin and yang avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +310 million stars]

[Your 'chaos space' has successfully integrated the Yin-Yang Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 310 million stars for the power of heaven and earth]

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Yin-Yang Avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the momentum of the extreme yin body has skyrocketed wildly!

After a while, everything calmed down!

The very yin body also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

So far, the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 61, and the jade plate of good fortune has been automatically recorded.

Among them, the innate avenues he masters are: blood, soul, heart, body (indestructible), reincarnation, destiny, good fortune, yin and yang, a total of eight!

And the power of the Innate Dao contained in his 'chaotic space' has nine kinds, including the power of the causal Dao attached to the 'Cause and Effect God Monument'.

In this way, his chaotic space can be advanced!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this thought came to mind, a shocking roar came from the chaotic space!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[It is detected that your 'chaos space' already possesses nine kinds of innate avenues of power, which meet the promotion criteria]

[Your 'chaos space' is being promoted from advanced to ultimate]

【Successful promotion! Your chaotic space has been promoted to the ultimate level, and you will permanently receive 100 million stars of the power of heaven and earth! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the chaotic space is like a cosmic explosion, expanding wildly around, making an earth-shattering roar

The momentum of the extremely yin body has skyrocketed wildly, and its monstrous aura instantly enveloped a radius of thousands of miles.

The burning lamp was stunned, and I didn't even dare to breathe!

After a long time, all the movement disappeared!

The very yin body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of ecstasy!

The promotion of Chaos Space to the ultimate level actually allowed him to gain 100 million star combat power back in one fell swoop!

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 136.2 billion stars, and the strength has been greatly improved!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Reminder: When your chaotic space has twelve kinds of innate avenues of power, you can break the sky and create a cosmic center]

The eyes of the extremely yin body lit up, looking forward to it!

Create a cosmic center!

That was the first step for him to become the 'Master of the Universe'!

At present, he still has karma, merit, chaos, six realms, creation, karma, all phenomena, and the way of oneness in the process of enlightenment.

Among them, the perception of the Avenue of Creation is close to 99%, and it is just a line away from awakening.

Karma Daojing, Styx Demon Venerable is retreating and refining, and it is estimated that it has reached the end and is about to awaken.

Vientiane Daojing, one of his mind bodies is also refining.

The refining of this crystal is dozens of times, or even a hundred times, faster than that of the Enlightenment Scroll. It is estimated that the Vientiane Avenue will also awaken quickly.

In other words, he created his own cosmic center, which is just around the corner!

Thinking of this, the very yin body showed a satisfied smile!

"Congratulations to the master's great strength!"

It was at this moment that the sound of a burning lamp sounded beside him!

The very negative body smiled and turned to look at the lamp.

This time, the evolution of his chaotic space is due to the lighting of the lamp!

"Ran Deng, are you willing to be one of my six messengers?"

Ran Deng was full of surprises, and said with great excitement: "This subordinate can't ask for it!"

He knew in his heart that becoming the master's messenger was equivalent to being recognized by the master and becoming the master's true confidant.

Not all subordinates can have such treatment!

From now on, he can have the same status as Di Jiang, Jumang, Qiyue and others.

Seeing Ran Deng's agreement, the very negative body also showed a satisfied smile.

Let Ran Deng become a messenger, and he can perform "Faith Sacrifice" on Ran Deng.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Faith sacrifice can only be used on the messenger's henchmen, and you can borrow all their combat power for your own use!

Faith sharing, you can get the Dao insights of all subordinates, but the number of times is limited.

Qin Feng wants to turn the lamp into a messenger, so he has to use his combat power to break the defense of the plain-colored cloud flag!

This guy's combat power is 24 billion stars!

With his power, he will definitely be able to break the plain-colored Cloud Realm Flag!

Immediately, the very yin body said: "You were originally a body of death, and now you have been reborn from death and have experienced the cycle of life and death, then let you become my 'ghost world messenger'!"

The messengers of the six realms are the messenger of the heaven, the messenger of hell, the messenger of Shura, the messenger of the human world, the messenger of the ghost world, and the messenger of the beast realm.

Di Jiang has become the messenger of the heaven, and Yu Xuanji has become the messenger of the world.

There are now four vacant seats left!

At this moment, Ran Deng was overjoyed: "My subordinates are willing!"

The very yin body smiled and nodded: "Then let's start!"

As soon as the words fell, he moved the seal and began to condense the seal of the messenger.

At the same time, Feng Xi's old nest, on the altar.

Feng Xi and other thirteen demon gods pinched the seals one by one, and worked together to control the plain-colored cloud world flag!

At this moment, they all looked up at the sky with uneasy expressions.

I saw above the sky, Ji Yang's eyes were slightly closed, and he didn't know what he was thinking.

At this moment, Ji Yang's main body's eyelashes trembled, and he slowly opened his eyes, with joy hidden in his eyes.

Seeing this, the demons became even more uneasy!

"Lord Feng Xi, this guy seems very happy, won't he become stronger again?"

Right at this moment, a devilish muttering sounded beside Feng Xi.

Feng Xi frowned: "Impossible! He never left from the beginning to the end! Could it be that if he closes his eyes for a while, his strength can be improved? If that is the case, it is too exaggerated!"

Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling sword light lit up above the mask, illuminating the entire world!

The demons looked up in panic, and saw Ji Yang's body slashed down with a sword, slashing on the barrier!

Bang~~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The barrier suddenly dimmed! 863

Where it was slashed by that sword, it was dented several feet and almost burst!

Then, the long sword was withdrawn!

The enchantment recovered, still trembling!

All the demons saw their faces change greatly, and they were all scared to death!

Oh my god~!

The momentum of the sword just now reached 322 billion stars, and it was only one line away from 3.3 billion stars!

As long as this human being closes his eyes and opens his eyes, his strength can skyrocket a lot!

Thinking of this, the eyes of the demons looking at Jiyang's body became extremely fearful.

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body sighed in his heart, thinking to himself that he was still missing a line!

It seems that he has to wait for the lamp to become the messenger!

Thinking of this, he slowly closed his eyes again!

As soon as he closed his eyes, the demon gods below panicked!

"Lord Feng Fengxi! He closed his eyes again!"

"He won't get stronger again, will he?"

At this moment, the demons were terrified, and their words were a little awkward.

Feng Xi was also in a cold sweat and was nervous.

After hesitating for a while, he boldly shouted.

"This lord, Feng Mou forgot to tell you something. My master is an existence that is infinitely close to half-step eternity, and he will arrive at any time. My lord, I advise you to leave as soon as possible!"

Feng Xi's posture was already extremely low, and he even threatened his missing master.

The demons are even more afraid to interject!

They were completely shocked!

Looking at Jiyang's body one by one, he didn't even dare to breathe loudly.

Ji Yang's body naturally heard Feng Xi's cry!

He doesn't care!

It was at this moment that Heaven's Dao's prompt came.

[Reminder: You are recruiting Ran Deng as a 'Ghost World Messenger']

[The trial solicitation was successful! Ran Deng has become your 'ghost world messenger! 】

Finally succeeded!

Ji Yang felt joy in his heart and slowly opened his eyes.

As soon as he opened his eyes, the demon **** below was terrified, and the atmosphere became extremely depressing.

Chapter eight hundred and ninety-fifth heaven and earth Xuanhuang! The road is full!

"Feng...Lord Fengxi! He...he opened his eyes again!"

At this moment, a demon murmured from behind Feng Xi.

The voice was full of terror and unease!

The rest of the demon gods were all apprehensive, staring at Jiyang's body very nervously!

Feng Xi also swallowed uneasily and comforted the demons in a low voice.

"Don't be afraid! This time, he opened his eyes and closed them in less than ten seconds, so his strength should not increase!"