Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Task reminder: Hold this token and go to the west passage of the 'Land of the Gods' to find the 'Star Map Secret Realm']

[Task reminder: There is a quasi-half-step eternal realm hidden in the secret realm of the star map, who is the master of the three major demon kings. 】Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

[The great master has the 'Heaven Punishment Array' in his hand, kill it and take its array, that is to say, he has completed the quest of the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation (SS Grade)]

[Task reminder: After completing this round of tasks, you can get extremely rich rewards! 】

[Task reminder: Get the Heaven Execution Array Map, and you can form the Heaven Execution Sword, Jue Heaven Sword, Trapped Heaven Sword, and Slaughter Heaven Sword into a 'Heaven Execution Sword Array', which has both offense and defense, and is extremely powerful! 】

Huh~!

That's right!

After reading the information, Ji Yang was surprised and delighted!

The mission of the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation is just one step away!

It turned out that the last step of the task had to be completed in the west passage.

Before, he had deduced using the Book of the World, that there were two entrances to the Land of the Gods.

The east entrance is relatively safe, but the path is long.

The west entrance is more dangerous, but the path is short.

Before, he was still struggling, which entrance should be used to enter.

Now it seems that he doesn't need to worry about it, he can go directly from the west entrance!

There are quests he needs to complete!

However, the power hidden in the secret realm of the star map is a quasi-half-step eternal existence!

Quasi-half-step eternity, although not half-step eternity, but the basic combat power is at least 400 million stars.

That is absolutely terrifying existence!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body couldn't help but take a deep breath of cold air, feeling a little apprehensive!

It seems that this last battle requires the integration of the two main bodies.

Even so, he didn't have much confidence!

The combat power of more than 400 million stars!

It's terrifying to think about!

At this moment, a spirit flag floated down in the sky!

Jiyang body raised its head and subconsciously caught it...

I saw that the spirit flag was all white, depicting the heaven and earth in the cloud world, the five elements of the avenue, and the whole body blooming with endless divine light.

The anode body can't help but peep away

[Plain color cloud world flag: innate five-party flag, western flag, peak of good fortune, recognized as the master]

[Reminder: The owner of this spirit flag is the owner of the three major demon kings; if you kill him, you can recognize the master again. 】

The eyes of the anode body lit up!

It turns out that this spirit flag is the plain color cloud world flag!

A treasure of the peak of good fortune, just got it.

However, he had to kill the original owner of this spirit flag before this spirit flag could really rain for him.

It seems that he must go to the secret realm of the star map.

Ji Yang's body smiled and put away the plain-colored cloud boundary flag.

Then, he looked at the two heaven and earth spirit roots in front of him.

Chapter 896: Hongmeng Purple Qi! Puyin shows up!

Huang Zhongli and Fenglei Xianxing are here!

Those are two mature roots of heaven and earth!

However, if you want to transplant them into the chaotic space, you need to let them recognize the master first!

And if you want to recognize the master of the spirit root, you need not only Dao-level blood, but also master the Dao contained in the two spirit roots.

Fenglei Xianxing contains the three avenues of wind, thunder and collapse.

Qin Feng has mastered the avenues of wind and thunder, so he can recognize the master with a drop of blood!

Huangzhongli contains three avenues: thick soil, earth, and boundless.

Qin Feng did not master these three avenues, so Huang Zhongli could not be recognized as the master.

However, as long as Qin Feng eats the nine spiritual fruits grown on the 'Yellow Zhongli', he can quickly awaken the three avenues of thick earth, earth, and boundless.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body looked up at the crown of Huang Zhongli's tree.

I saw that under the crown of the tree, there were nine yellow and red spirit fruits growing, all the size of a fist, exuding three-color Dao light, extremely attractive!

These are nine spiritual fruits that can only be grown by four million, and were originally prepared for the masters of the three major demon kings.

Now, it's cheaper than Qin Feng!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly, and he reached the crown of the tree in an instant.

That Huang Zhongli was right in front of him, and he couldn't help but take a deep breath, and a fruity fragrance rushed to his face.

The fruity fragrance is in the body, refreshing, making him feel extremely happy!

He smiled and pinched a seal, his fingertips exuded an invisible force of devouring, covering the nine spiritual fruits in front of him.

In the next second, the nine spiritual fruits withered at a speed visible to the naked eye, and flew out of the source of the nine spiritual fruits, pouring into his body.

Tiandao's reminder also came

【Swallowing success! You devoured the spiritual source of nine 'Yellow Zhongli' and gained 1.6 billion star combat power]

[Congratulations on awakening the Houtian Avenue - Houtu Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +180 million stars]

[Congratulations on your awakening the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of Disheng! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +200 million stars]

[Congratulations on your awakening of Houtian Avenue - 863 Wujiang Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +220 million stars]

[Your chaotic space is successfully integrated with the thick earth avenue, and it has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently obtain

Boom~Long~Long~!

The momentum of Jiyang's body has been increasing wildly

In such a short time, he has mastered three avenues!

Afterwards, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, and bounced towards the canopy!

The drop of blood essence fell on the crown of the tree, and the whole root of the tree lit up with red light.

[Huang Zhongli (Peak of Fortune) has recognized you as the master! 】

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the earth cracked, and Huang Zhongli slowly rose from the ground, turned into white light, and was sent into the chaotic space

In the next second, there was an earth-shattering roar in the chaotic space.

Huang Zhongli began to take root in the chaotic space and continued to strengthen the chaotic space

The momentum of the anode body continues to improve

Wait until everything calms down!

Huang Zhongli has also completed the collection!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly and flew to Fenglei Xianxing

It didn't take long for him to collect Fenglei Xianxing!

After doing this, he looked around.

I saw that the field was bare, and the treasures had been swept away!

"Phew~! It's finally finished! It seems that I have to go and join the body of the extreme yin."

At this moment, Ji Yang's body breathed a sigh of relief and was about to leave.

"Right! I still have a Taoist treasure chest that I haven't opened yet!"

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, thinking of the treasure chest, and his face suddenly became happy.

He was very much looking forward to that Dao-level treasure chest.

In particular, he is going to fight against a 'quasi-half-step eternal' power next, and his confidence is very low.

If he can open another avenue weapon, it will be of great help to his next challenge!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body hurriedly waved his hand, and there was a purple treasure chest in front of him, and there was endless holy light on it!

[Dao-level treasure chest: 1% chance to open the 'Article of the Dao', 99.99% will fail to open the box and turn into nothingness]

This is the Taoist treasure chest!

Ji Yang took a deep breath and picked up the treasure chest, ready to open it

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[It is detected that you have awakened the 'Broken Dao', you have mastered five types of killing avenues, and your magical power 'Seven Killing Divine Body' is automatically advanced]

【Advanced success! Your Seven Kills Divine Physique has been promoted from 'Advanced' to 'Top'! 】

[When it is turned on, the attack power soars by 60%, and the maintenance time is 3 hours! 】

Collapse Road!

It was the avenue of awakening after Ji Yang's body devoured Fenglei Xianxing's spiritual fruit.

In this way, his 'Seven Killing Divine Body' has advanced again!

In this regard, the anode body is very satisfied!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Plate automatically records the 'Thousand Earth Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Earth-born Avenue', and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Boundless Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Broadway of Collapse', and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

Another four avenues were recorded!

The combat power has increased by 400 million stars!

So far, Qin Feng has mastered 66 avenues, and his basic combat power has increased to 141.7 billion stars!

This kind of progress made Ji Yang's body feel very happy.

When all the movement disappeared, he directly opened the treasure chest in his hand!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The treasure chest is slowly opening!

Xiaguang blooms instantly!

The whole area is bathed in the light of the avenue!

When the aura dissipated, a mysterious yellow air mass appeared in front of him, exuding endless light of the avenue, giving people an unfathomable feeling!

Is this a device of the avenue? !

Ji Yang's body was a little puzzled, and he hurriedly peeped at it.

[The mysterious and yellow air of heaven and earth: the foundation of the avenue (object)]

[Incorporating this qi into a pinnacle-level artifact of good fortune can be promoted to a new 'tool of the avenue'! 】

[The device of the avenue, there are many heaven and earth, only those who have a great chance can get it! All of the existing Dao devices in this universe already have Dao devices, so we can only reward this qi to create new Dao devices]

Boom~!