Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After coming to this slaughtering world, he awakened the D-level talent - power madness.

On Liu Xuan's right, stood a fat man weighing 300 jins, with a huge shield as tall as a man in his left hand.

His name is Longshan, and he is a professional sumo wrestler on Bluestar.

After coming to this killing world, he awakened the D-level talent - Physique Madness.

All three of them are the leaders of the novice village.

Together, they are the strongest group in all groups, and the upgrade speed is extremely fast.

Today, Liu Xuan ranks first in the ranking list.

Longshan ranked second and Wu Yong third.

"The energy provided by these level 2 beasts is much more than that of level 1 beasts!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan looked at the giant frog corpse beside his feet and showed a satisfied smile.

Wu Yong nodded: "Yeah! I just got 14 points of energy, and now it's level 2 (276/300), as long as you kill two more beasts, you can upgrade to level 3. By the way, Longshan, how far are you progressing? "

"I'm level 2 (291/300)!"

"Fuck~! Longshan, you only need to kill one more beast, and you will be able to rise to level 3. This time, the novice level-up reward, the second-place silver treasure chest, must be yours!"

Longshan said with a smile: "That's not necessarily! There are people outside people, but there are heavens outside the sky!"

As he spoke, he opened the chart channel.

Seeing this, he was startled.

"Fuck~! Qin Feng was still ranked eleventh ten minutes ago. After a while, he was already ranked fifth!"

"what?!"

Liu Xuan and Wu Yong were all shocked and quickly checked the ranking.

Seeing this, the two were stunned.

"Fuck~! This Qin Feng has been upgraded very quickly!"

"No more to say! Kill monsters! Kill monsters! Let's kill monsters and upgrade quickly! Don't let this guy catch up!"

This time, the three felt a sense of urgency and left in a hurry...

But on the other hand, Qin Feng rushed in the direction of the tusk wild boar according to the address in the chat record.

Under the influence of the speed talent, his rush speed is extremely fast.

After half an hour, he finally arrived near the haunt of the tusk wild boar.

The strong sense of smell made him smell the faint smell of blood in the air

Chapter Fourteen Shocked! Four beasts!

Qin Feng followed the smell of blood and rushed towards the source.

Soon, he found the source of the first **** smell, which was the corpse of a woman.

Seeing the corpse, his eyes lit up involuntarily.

This means that he can get new talents again, and it also means that the tusk boar is nearby.

At the moment, he walked over to the corpse and began to extract...

A burst of white light came on!

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 Dexterity Attributes! 】

Uh~!

Only got 2 points of agility attributes.

Why not innate ability?

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

Then, after a little thought, he figured it out.

It should be the talent that this woman has. He already has it, so there is no value to be extracted, and the attribute will be extracted.

Of course, this is just Qin Feng's speculation.

In fact, his conjecture was correct.

The talent possessed by that woman is F-level visual enhancement, which is lower than Qin Feng's E-level visual superlativeness, so naturally there is no extraction value.

Qin Feng's endless extraction will randomly extract some attributes of the woman.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng put away the woman's novice short knife and continued to act.

He smelled the blood and quickly found the second body, that of a middle-aged man.

He hurriedly walked over and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the F-level talent for the second time - Enhanced Sense of Smell! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Evolution failed... Your olfactory talent is still at F level. 】

Forehead!

It failed this time!

Why!

Qin Feng felt a little regretful.

However, this kind of talent evolution is inherently probabilistic, and it is normal to fail.

At the moment, he put away the novice short knife next to the corpse and continued to search for the corpse.

Soon, he found the third body dozens of meters away.

It was a burly man, and he should have liked to exercise before his death.

He extracts again...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the E-level talent - physical enhancement! 】

what!

It worked!

Fuck it~!

Or the physical talent he lacks the most!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

At this point, he has a D-level talent in terms of strength - power madness.

In terms of agility, there is an E-level talent - speed enhancement.

In terms of physique, there is an E-level talent - physique enhancement.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

In terms of energy, there are E-level visual hypersensitivity and F-level olfactory enhancement.

Four-dimensional actually has innate abilities, allowing him to develop a balanced development without any weaknesses.

This is so cool!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Sure enough, extracting human corpses is the most rewarding!

continue!

He's going to keep looking for bodies!

The tusk wild boar killed a total of four people, and he only found three corpses, and there should be one more corpse.

The last one should be Liu Yunchang.

For Liu Yunchang, Qin Feng has some impressions.

That is a level 2 powerhouse, and it seems that the awakening is also a D-level talent.

When he thought of the D-level talent, he was a little excited again.

D-level talent is still relatively rare.

In the entire novice village, only 17 people awakened the D-level talent.

Among them, Wang Qiang hung up, and this time Liu Yunchang also hung up.

There are only 15 people who have awakened D-level talents.

As long as he can find Liu Yunchang's body, he can get Liu Yunchang's D-level talent.

At that time, he can have two D-rank talents alone.

At this thought, Qin Feng was more looking forward to it, and more actively looking for it.

After a quarter of an hour, he looked around, but he didn't find Liu Yunchang's body, nor did he see the tusk wild boar.

strangeness!

How could Liu Yunchang's body not be found?

The four of them were obviously killed together!

It stands to reason that his body should be near the three bodies.

"Hey! There's..."

At this moment, Qin Feng found a novice short knife in a messy grass.

Beside the novice dagger, there are the footprints of some beasts, as well as the traces of the corpse being dragged.

Looking along the traces, he found that the weeds along the way were overwhelmed, and there were bloodstains all the way.

Obviously, this is the drag mark left by the tusk wild boar after Liu Yunchang was dragged away.

strangeness!

Why did the wild boar drag Liu Yunchang's body away?

Could it be that it wants to eat corpses?

At this thought, Qin Feng became anxious.

After he picked up the novice dagger, he hurriedly followed the traces and chased after him.

If the tusk wild boar eats the corpse, he will lose the opportunity to obtain the D-level talent...

In this way, Qin Feng followed the traces all the way and followed.

After a quarter of an hour, he tracked to the finish line.

It was a slightly raised mound on the grassland.

From a distance, nothing out of the ordinary.

It was only after he approached that he realized that there was a cave entrance hidden under the mound.

The blood on that road disappeared right at the entrance of the cave.

Obviously, the tusk wild boar dragged Liu Yunchang's body into the hole.

"Looks like it's here."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He walked near the entrance of the cave and looked in.

I saw that the inside of the cave was dark, and the eyes were pitch-black, and I couldn't see anything clearly, and I didn't know how deep it was.

At this moment, a gust of breeze blew, and a faint smell of fishy and blood wafted from the cave, as well as a dark and damp musty smell.

For some reason, Qin Feng stood at the entrance of the cave and felt his scalp numb inexplicably.

This cave actually gave him a feeling of extreme danger.

Then, he felt like he was thinking too much.