Ji Yang's body suddenly felt in his heart!

The original nameless and ownerless device of the avenue is no longer there.

Therefore, he can't open a second device of the avenue, so he can only create a new device of the avenue.

However, this is not bad!

If you want to create a new avenue artifact, you need a pinnacle-level artifact of good fortune.

At present, there are two peak creation artifacts in his hands!

One is the plain color cloud flag!

One is the Pantian Divine Axe!

The plain-colored cloud border flag has been recognized as the owner and cannot be used without killing the original owner.

Then he can only promote the 'Pantian Divine Axe' to a new tool of the avenue!

"The Pantian Divine Axe needs to master the 'Opening Avenue' and the 'Creation Avenue' in order to make it recognize the master! I only master the Kaitian Avenue at present, and the Creation Avenue is still a line!"

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body looks a little worried when he looks at the 'Heaven and Earth's Profound Yellow Qi' in his hand!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an incomparably huge power of the Great Dao emanated from the chaotic space.

[Reminder: Your mind body successfully comprehends the Scroll of Fortune Creation, you have comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of Fortune Avenue, and your combat power is +300 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany for realizing the Innate Avenue - the Creation Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +400 million stars]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated with the Avenue of Creation and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 400 million stars of the power of heaven and earth]

Jiyang body is ecstatic!

He actually awakened the Great Way of Creation at this moment!

The luck is here, and I can't stop it!

In a blink of an eye, he increased his combat power by 1.1 billion, and his basic combat power once again soared to 142.8 billion stars!

Extremely satisfied with the anode body!

So far, he has mastered nine innate avenues!

"The Great Way of Creation is awakened, and the Pantian Divine Axe can also be recognized as the master, which is just used to be promoted to the weapon of the Great Way!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and looked around.

When it was confirmed that there were no more treasures missing, he instantly turned into a white light and disappeared in place.

In the next second, he returned to the chaotic space and appeared above the 'Yaochi'!

"Owner!"

As soon as he appeared, the sound of lighting a lamp came from below.

Ji Yang's body looked down, and saw Ran Deng joyfully coming to meet him.

It turned out that the polar cathode body also took the lamp into the chaotic space.

At this time, Ran Deng was taking some 'Gorgeous Jade Liquid' in the Jade Pond, ready to go to retreat and practice.

As soon as he finished taking it, he saw Ji Yang's body come in.

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded to him: "Go ahead and do it yourself!"

"Yes, Master!"

Burning the lamp hurriedly bowed his hands and left respectfully

After the lamp left, Ji Yang's body waved his hand, condensing a mind body.

Afterwards, he took out the 'Pantian Divine Axe' and the 'Heaven and Earth's Profound Yellow Qi', handed it over to the mind body, and let it fuse!

After doing this, Ji Yang body breathed a sigh of relief.

Next, as long as he waits for the fusion to complete, he can have the second avenue device

The figure of Jiyang body flashed and disappeared again in the chaotic space.

In the next second, he appeared in the outside world.

I saw a thick white light all around.

And not far from him, is the very yin body that has been waiting for a long time!

The two bodies looked at each other and smiled!

It turns out that the two main bodies share the 'chaotic space', and the polar yang body can pass through the chaotic space as a transit, and appear directly beside the polar yin body.

In this way, he can break the distance limit of space summoning!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Then, the two main bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared here!

This appearance, Qin Feng looked up and looked forward

200,000 miles ahead is the land of the gods, and it is also the final place of this trip to the Holy Land!

Qin Feng smiled and rushed forward

"Hey! This is"

But at this moment, his eyes lit up, and he looked into the distance with a look of surprise.

It turned out that he sensed that Demon Venerable Styx had awakened the ‘Karma Dao’.

In this way, he can use 'belief sharing' again and obtain the tenth innate avenue.

Of course, for the chaotic space, that is the eleventh innate avenue!

As long as it reaches twelve, the chaotic space can open up and become the center of the universe!

Qin Feng will also start the road of "Master of the Universe".

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was suddenly full of expectations.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he continued to rush towards the land of the gods.

Chapter 897: Innate Demon Land! Karma Awakens!

Just when Qin Feng rushed to the land of the gods, something was happening in his chaotic space...

At this time, over the chaotic space.

As the space shook for a while, a majestic figure appeared out of thin air.

That is Qin Feng's mind body.

As soon as the mind body appeared, he looked around.

I saw that after the Chaos Space was promoted to the ultimate, it expanded a hundred times and became incomparably vast, and it was easy to hold a hundred Blue Star Realms.

In such an open area, he can move the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' in!

Before, because the sea of ​​​​blood was too huge, Qin Feng was worried that the chaotic space could not hold it, so he did not move into the chaotic space.

And the Netherworld Blood Sea and the Styx River Demon Venerable have been integrated into one, as the so-called blood sea ~ does not dry up, and the Styx River does not die!

Only by moving it in, can Ming He always follow - by Qin Feng's side.

Now, the problem is solved!

Thinking of this, the mind body smiled and pinched with both hands - the seal...

Om~!

Heaven and earth clear!

A huge door of reincarnation light slowly emerged, exuding a sacred and solemn aura!

Look inside the gate of light again, but the long bridge and the water of the Yellow Spring are vivid in my eyes!

The door of reincarnation is open!

The mind body stepped out one step, and got into the door of reincarnation...

He is going to bring back the Netherworld Blood Sea and the Styx...

At the same time, outside the Holy Land.

In the depths of the endless starry sky, in the dark demon realm.

Jesus and Mary are escaping in the starry sky.

Both looked serious and a little nervous.

The Dark Demon Realm and the Light God Realm are hostile relations. If they are discovered by the Dark Demon Realm, it will be bad.

Of course, both Yeshen and Maria are at the pinnacle of the god-king.

One combat power reached 700 million stars, and the other reached 600 million stars!

Ordinary dark demon domain children, they don't pay attention at all.

However, the Dark Domain Lord is a half-step Eternal Realm existence!

They can't afford to provoke them at all!

In fact, the domain owner of each star domain is basically the existence of half-step Eternal Realm!

The domain owner of the Azure Dragon Star Region is also a half-step eternal existence.

Only a very few powerful star field masters will exist in the eternal realm!

For a star field like this, there are no more than five in this universe!

In short, the realm of the **** king is like a cannon fodder in front of the half-step eternity, and it is not worth mentioning at all.

Even the Great Perfection of the God-king is the same!

It is also a matter of one finger to kill the king of gods in half a step in the eternal realm!

I have never heard in this world that there is a **** king who can tie with half-step eternity, let alone very few half-step eternity.

Because of this, the two Yeshen flew all the way, walking on thin ice, trembling in their hearts, for fear of disturbing the Lord of the Dark Demon Realm!

"Yeah, in two hours, we will pass through the Dark Demon Realm!"

At this moment, Maria muttered softly.

Ye Shen took a deep breath: "That's good! Walking in this star field, I always feel a little nervous! After all, we and the Dark Demon Realm are mortal enemies, and we must not be discovered by them!"

Maria sighed: "Yeah! Back then, when all the Star Regions united to besiege the Judgment Divine Region, they wanted to seize the Grandmist Violet Qi and various treasures, but they were all red-eyed!"

"Our domain lord and the demon domain lord fought **** battles for seven days and seven nights for a color of Hongmeng purple!"

"In the end, our domain master narrowly won by half a trick and won the primordial purple qi, and thus completely offended the dark domain master, and the two star domains have since become mortal enemies!"

Ye Shen nodded slightly: "Hongmeng Purple Qi, the foundation of the Dao! It is rumored that if half a step of Eternity refines it, there is a chance to be promoted to Eternal Realm! Who doesn't want to get it?"

Speaking of which, Ye Shen showed a very envious look!

He also wants Hongmeng Purple Qi!

It's a pity that he doesn't have that qualification at all!

Maria also said with emotion: "Yeah! There are two kinds of the foundations of the Great Dao in the world! One is the Heaven and Earth's Xuanhuang Qi, which can make the peak of fortune artifact to be promoted to the Great Dao. Eternal has been promoted to Eternal Realm!"

Ye Shen nodded: "In comparison, the purple qi of Hongmeng is even more precious! By the way, it is rumored that the inheritance of the domain master of the Judgment God's Domain also hides a piece of purple qi of Hongmeng! It's a pity that the inheritance is not necessary to judge the bloodline children, and outsiders have no chance at all!"

But Maria frowned slightly: "Yesshen, you may not believe it! In the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master, there is more than one hidden purple energy!"

"More than one?!"

Ye Shen's eyes widened in astonishment!

Afterwards, he shook his head and smiled bitterly: "That's it! I don't have the right to own such treasures. What do I want to do with it? Now I want to get the "Book of the Present World", open the door to eternity, and step into half-step eternity!"

Maria nodded slightly: "That's right! You are not far from the Great Consummation of the God King now, and the next step is to prepare for the promotion of half-step eternity!"

"Stop talking about that! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them speeded up and escaped...