Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an earth-shattering roar suddenly sounded behind the two!

The two of them were startled, and they looked back quickly, and saw a light and shadow, as high as hundreds of millions of feet, that was escaping rapidly towards the two of them!

The faces of the two changed greatly!

"Not good! Someone is chasing after us. Could it be that we have been discovered!"

"Come on!"

As soon as the words fell, the two of Yeshen turned around and left, all escaping at full speed...

At this moment, a shout came from behind the two of them.

"Two little friends, wait for the poor!"

The voice was not in a hurry, it was clearly coming from a distance, but it seemed to be instructing in the ear, the method was incredible!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

When the two of them saw this, they escaped faster!

But before they could escape thousands of miles, the coming person turned into a white light and stopped in front of the two Yeshens.

When the spiritual light dissipated, the appearance of a man appeared. It was an old man with a yellow face and a thin body, wearing a Taoist robe and holding a green jade bamboo stick in his hand.

As soon as the old man appeared, he exuded an invisible heavenly might, covering a radius of hundreds of millions of miles!

In just an instant, the two Yeshens were held in place by that day, unable to move.

They were horrified to discover that this old man was actually a half-step Eternal Realm power!

"Predecessor...Senior! Excuse me...you...are..."

Ye Shen was so frightened that his face was pale, and he couldn't even speak.

Maria was also flustered.

They never thought that the person who came was actually a half-step eternal power!

However, this person does not look like the Dark Domain Lord!

At this time, the yellow-faced old man smiled with kindness and kindness on his face: "Pindao is the venerable general who peeks into the realm of the gods!"

Boom~!

It turns out that this old man is the famous Venerable Puyin!

Yeshen and Maria were all shocked.

Venerable Puyin's name has spread far and wide, and he has long been tied with the master of the light domain, belonging to the half-step eternity of the old brand.

Its combat power is far more than 1 trillion stars, it can be said to be unfathomable!

Ye Shen and the two were frightened and went up to greet him!

"It turned out to be Senior Puyin! The younger two have met Senior Puyin!"

Venerable Puyin smiled and nodded, his eyes fell on Ye Shen.

"Little friend, are you the God of the Light God Realm?"

Ye Shen swallowed his saliva and said, "Junior is exactly!"

In the face of such a terrifying existence, he dared not hide it.

Venerable Puyin suddenly smiled.

The person he was looking for has finally been found!

At this time, Maria whispered: "Senior, my domain master and you should have known each other for a long time. I don't know why the senior is looking for Ye Shen?"

Venerable Puyin looked at Maria with a half-smile.

"Little girl, you have a lot of hearts. You brought out the master of the light domain because you were worried that the poor way would be detrimental to God?"

Maria panicked: "Junior dare not!"

Venerable Puyin smiled and said, "Little girl, you made a mistake in trying to use the Lord of the Light Domain to press me. At the beginning, although he obtained a purplish qi, he still couldn't be promoted to the Eternal Realm!"

"Only the existence of half-step eternity and perfection can be expected to be promoted to the eternal realm by absorbing the primordial purple energy. With the same half-step eternity, how could a poor man be afraid of him?"

After being said, Maria's face became even more ugly.

At this time, Venerable Puyin said again: "However, don't worry, both of you! Pindao is looking for little friend Yeshen this time, not because he wants to be detrimental to little friend, but to give little friend Yeshen a great opportunity!"

Ye Shen's eyes lit up, and he quickly and carefully asked, "I don't know what the chance is?"

Venerable Puyin smiled slightly: "You are going somewhere this time to find a junior named Qin Feng?"

Ye Shen hesitated for a while and nodded: "Indeed!"

Pu Yin smiled and said, "You are looking for him, but for the "Book of the Present World" in his hand?"

Ye Shen smiled bitterly and nodded slightly again.

Half-step eternal power is really omniscient!

Seeing this, Pu Yin smiled and said, "Pin Dao is here to help you obtain the Book of the Present World!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Ye Shen was so shocked that his eyes widened.

"Senior! Is this true?"

"Of course it's true! The Book of the World is wonderful, but the poor Taoist doesn't like it. Besides, it is not suitable for the Tao of the poor! What the poor Tao wants is not the Book of the World, but Qin Feng's life!"

Ye Shen suddenly realized, and his face was ecstatic!

"Junior understands! Senior, what do you mean, want to go with me to find Qin Feng?"

"exactly!"

Yeshen was overjoyed: "That's great! Senior, with you by your side, Qin Feng's child will surely die! In fact, even if the senior doesn't come, I won't leave that child alive."

Pu Yin said with a half-smile but not a smile: "Little friend, I'm afraid you have greatly underestimated Qin Feng! With the current strength of the two of you, if you really meet Qin Feng, I'm afraid you will be more fortunate!"

As soon as these words fell, both Yeshen were surprised!

The two of them couldn't help looking at each other on the ground, and their eyes showed disbelief.

Apparently they felt that Venerable Puyin exaggerated Qin Feng's strength too much.

However, Pu Yin is a half-step eternal power, and it is rumored that the combat power has reached 1.5 trillion stars. How can they dare to refute it?

Venerable Puyin naturally saw what the two were thinking, and he was too lazy to explain.

"Yes, little friend, where is Qin Feng's nest?"

"Go back to senior! That little thief lives in the Azure Dragon Star Region, a planet called the Blue Star Realm. However, the Blue Star Realm is an unpopular planet, so there is no sign on the star map!"

Pu Yin nodded slightly: "It seems that this trip needs a little friend to lead the way!"

Yexi smiled and said: "Senior, don't worry! The junior will definitely bring it to you! At our current speed, we will be there in a day!"

"A day later? That's the day Qin Feng's little thief came out of the Holy Land! Let's go!"

Pu Yin waved his hand, the invisible power of heaven dissipated, and the two of them felt that their actions were natural.

Afterwards, the three of them rushed towards the Azure Dragon Star Region together...

At the same time, within the Holy Land.

Qin Feng is rushing to the land of the gods...

He didn't know that Venerable Puyin had joined Yeshen and the two of them and was rushing to the Blue Star Realm...

But at this moment, Qin Feng suddenly felt a burst of palpitations!

That is the throbbing from the depths of the soul!

His face suddenly changed slightly!

This is a sense of impending crisis!

Thinking of this, he hurriedly flipped the palm of his hand, and the "Book of the World" appeared in the palm of his hand...spoon.

Chapter eight hundred and ninety-eight of luck! Clear the God Card!

As soon as the "Book of the Present World" appeared, it burst into a dazzling golden light!

Qin Feng quickly pinched the seal!

Om~!

The Divine Book is slowly unfolding!

Start automatic operation!

Qin Feng's fingers lit up with golden light and began to slide in the air...

[C, Shen, Gui, Hai]

[This hexagram: Tianlei is invincible! Five lines are moving! 】

[Change of Gua: Fire and Thunder devour! Sixty-nine counts! 】

A mysterious seal script appeared in the air...

"Fighting with fire and thunder, there must be a battle! The struggle comes after I leave the Holy Land. Sixty-nine is fifteen. Does the enemy's combat power exceed 1.5 trillion stars?!"

Looking at the hexagram in front of him, Qin Feng's expression was a little ugly!

His current basic combat power is only 142.8 billion stars!

In the face of 1.5 trillion combat power, he can only be killed in seconds!

It seems that he has to find a way to improve his strength!

At present, he has three channels to greatly improve his strength!

The first one is to complete the quest in the 'Star Map Secret Realm', capture the 'Heaven Punishment Array', and get rich rewards after the quest is completed!

That should give him a lot of strength!

The second is to complete this round of secret realm tasks and win the rewards for the first and second places.

The third is to enter the ‘Nine Heavens True Temple’, seize the divine position, and advance to the real **** realm!

Only in this way can he have a glimmer of hope to tide over the crisis!

"I don't think so much! There are still 30,000 miles left, and I can reach the boundary of the land of the gods. I have to hurry up!"

After Qin Feng took a deep breath, he dodged and rushed forward...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an earth-shattering roar suddenly came from his chaotic space!

[Reminder: The Sea of ​​Blood (Peak of Creation) of the Innate Demon Land has taken root in your 'chaotic space' and is integrated with your 'chaotic space']

[Your 'Chaos Space' has obtained the blessing of the Dao of Karma from the 'Netherworld Blood Sea']

[Your 'Chaos Space' has obtained the blessing of the killing avenue from the 'Netherworld Blood Sea']

[Your 'Chaos Space' has obtained the blessing of the power of the Asura Dao from the 'Netherworld Blood Sea']

At this moment, one after another, the power of heaven and earth feedback came out from the chaotic space and poured into Qin Feng's whole body...

His momentum suddenly soared, and in a blink of an eye, his combat power increased by 900 million stars, and his basic combat power reached 143.7 billion stars!

It turned out that his mind body had moved the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' into the chaotic space!

What surprised him was that the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' actually belonged to the Innate Demon Land, corresponding to the Innate Blessed Land!

As the saying goes, one is good and one is evil!

It can also strengthen the chaotic space!

What Qin Feng didn't expect was that the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' was originally a top-level god, but now it has risen to two levels in a row, reaching the peak level of creation.

Then, after a little thought, he suddenly realized the color!

The Nether Sea of ​​Blood and the River Styx have become one!

Now, Styx has awakened the three avenues of slaughter, Shura, and karma, and the sea of ​​blood in the nether world will automatically be blessed with the power of the avenue.