Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The best-quality god-level treasure contains one avenue, and it can be promoted to the level of good fortune; it contains three avenues, and it can be promoted to the peak of good fortune!

In this way, the netherworld sea of ​​blood has become the congenital devil land of the peak of creation!

"This Styx is my lucky star! By the way, next, I should copy the Dao of Karma from it."

Qin Feng couldn't hide his excitement when he thought of Karma Avenue.

That is the innate way!

The three avenues that Styx masters are karma, slaughter, and Shura.

Qin Feng has long been awakened on Killing Avenue and Shura Avenue.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly waved his hand, and a sharp figure appeared out of thin air, it was Styx!

"Owner!"

As soon as Ming He appeared, he saw Qin Feng and hurriedly stepped forward to meet him.

Qin Feng also looked at him!

In the next second, there was joy in his eyes.

I saw that Styx's combat power had reached 21 billion stars, just entering the middle stage of the God King.

This makes him very satisfied!

"Ming He, it seems that you have made a lot of progress!"

"If it weren't for the karma crystals presented by the master, it would be difficult for Ming He to achieve such an achievement in this life!"

Styx's tone was full of gratitude.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Your talent is already excellent, coupled with the sea of ​​blood in the nether world, you are even more blessed, and you are expected to enter half-step eternity in the future!"

Styx said excitedly: "If there is a day, it will also depend on the cultivation of the master!"

Boom~Long~Long~!

The words just fell, the sky suddenly shook, and a beam of light descended from the sky...

Then, a black token slowly fell along the beam of light...

Ming He was taken aback.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he instantly understood what was going on.

Soon, the token fell in front of the two...

Qin Feng took the token and took a look

【Player】: Styx Demon

[Holy Land Points]: 0 points

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng smiled and handed the token to Ming He.

Ming He took the token and glanced at it, still full of doubts.

"Master, what is this token?"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "This is the second floor of the Holy Land! As soon as you appear in the Holy Land, Heavenly Dao recognizes your identity, which means that you have become a participant in this round of secret opportunities!"

"Holy Land Chance! It turns out that this is a Holy Land!"

Ming He exclaimed and looked around, seeing thick white fog in his eyes.

There was ecstasy on his face!

Holy Land Chance!

He had heard about the holy land that even the king of gods coveted, but he had never had the chance to enter it.

Unexpectedly, he could come in and experience it once in his lifetime!

In other words, this time he will get a big chance for nothing.

All this is given by the master!

Thinking of this, Ming He was extremely grateful: "Master! Thank you for giving this opportunity to your subordinates! I don't know how to get this opportunity?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It is not difficult to say that this round of luck is not difficult. As long as you pass through the foggy area and reach the land of the gods within the specified time, you can get the chance reward. If you enter the top ten, the reward will be even more generous!"

Having said that, Qin Feng couldn't help but think, what will be the reward when this chance ends?

Hope it is a resource that can improve the combat power!

In any case, he now has one more subordinate to join, and he can get more resource rewards...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt relieved.

"Master, have you found the direction of the land of the gods now? When your subordinates were in the outside world, they also heard of this secret realm crossing the border."

"It is rumored that it is extremely difficult to pass the level, and the success rate is less than 1%! To pass it, strength and luck are indispensable."

Speaking of this, Styx's tone was full of worry.

He deserves to be an existence that has survived for many years, and even knows some rumors in the Holy Land.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "The direction has been found! It's right in front of you!"

Ming He was overjoyed: "That's great!"

"Okay! Stop gossip, let's share our beliefs!"

"Yes! Master!"

Styx quickly took orders!

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped talking and drew the runes directly in the air.

Not long after, a golden rune was drawn out and poured into Styx's eyebrows...

Between Qin Feng and Ming He, there was an immediate soul resonance

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing the Dao comprehension with your subordinate Styx...]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Yun of Karma Avenue from Ran Deng, your combat power + 300 million stars! 】

[Congratulations on your epiphany innate avenue - the karma avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +400 million stars...]

[Your 'Chaos Space' has successfully integrated the Dao of Karma and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive +400 million stars for the power of heaven and earth to feed back...]

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Kamma Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng's momentum is soaring!

After a long time, the sharing of the road ends!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy

So far, his basic combat power has reached 144.9 billion stars, and the number of avenues he has mastered is 67!

Among them, the congenital avenues are: blood, soul, heart, body (indestructible), reincarnation, destiny, good fortune, creation, yin and yang, karma, a total of ten!

And the power of the innate avenue contained in the chaotic space has reached eleven kinds, which is not far from the creation of the world.

"Master, is it over?"

At this time, Styx asked with concern.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "It's over! Ming He, are you willing to be my 'hell messenger'?"

"Hell messenger?"

Styx was suspicious.

At the moment, Qin Feng briefly described the matter of the six messengers.

After Styx listened, he agreed very simply.

To be the messenger of the Six Paths is to become the master's confidant, and he can't ask for it!

Qin Feng is also very satisfied with Ming He's attitude.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

After a few minutes, the two completed the ceremony!

Styx has officially become one of the six messengers!

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

With the addition of Styx, he can use his combat power to sacrifice, and he can obtain an additional 21 billion star combat power!

Having said that, he may have to rely on the power of confidants such as Ran Deng, Ming He, and Di Jiang to solve the crisis this time.

The combat power of these eight people's sacrifices alone can reach about 56 billion stars, which is definitely his help!

In other words, the more the strength of these eight people improves, the more help they will help Qin Feng!

In addition, Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiaoluan'er, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Yu Xuanji can enter the 'Nine Heavens True Temple' with him and be promoted to the True God Realm.

At that time, the six people in Dijiang will definitely improve their strength, and they will help him even more.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was full of fighting spirit, and once again saw the hope of breaking the crisis.

Afterwards, he explained some trivial matters to Styx and put it into Chaos Space. 4.7

After doing this, he continued to rush to the land of the gods!

After a while, he finally arrived at the boundary of the land of the gods and saw the end of the secret realm...

I saw that at the end, there was a huge mountain range that was hundreds of millions of feet high and stretched for hundreds of millions of miles.

Looking up, I can't see the top of the mountain!

Looking sideways, you can't see the end of the mountain range!

The huge mountain range, like a huge natural wall, lay in front of Qin Feng.

On the east and west sides of the mountain range, there is a huge canyon.

The entrances of the two canyons have a layer of white protective masks, so that people cannot see the situation in the canyons!

In fact, those two canyons are the entrances to the land of the gods.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Heaven.

[Holy Land Reminder: Congratulations to the contestants for finding the boundary of the Land of Gods, please select an entrance to enter, once selected, it cannot be changed]

[Reminder: The degree of danger of the two passages is a hundred times different. If you choose the wrong one, you will be in danger of falling.]

It's time to test your luck again!

Qin Feng has long known that the west entrance is more dangerous.

But for him, there is no choice!

Even if the west was a hundred times more dangerous, he could not back down.

He must enter from the west, where he has a mission to complete!

With this in mind, Qin Feng strode towards the west entrance

Chapter 899 The end of the canyon! The Four Hells!

Soon, Qin Feng came to the entrance of the west canyon and stepped into the door of light...

With a twist of space, Qin Feng went down to earth and entered the canyon.

He looked up quickly, and saw that the canyon in front of him was extremely huge, thousands of miles wide, with cliffs towering into the sky on both sides, and there was no end in sight.

Looking at the valley, it is still filled with mist, suppressing people's consciousness.

With Qin Feng's current strength, his consciousness can scan a radius of more than 25,000 miles, which is much stronger than when he first entered the secret realm.

As soon as his mind moved, he released his consciousness and probed into the depths of the canyon...

Boom~!

In just an instant, his consciousness swept over 20,000 miles ahead!

In the next second, surprise appeared in his eyes.