Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and hurriedly looked forward...

In front of me, thick fog was surging, but I couldn't see anything, as if the wind was blowing.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the bottom of his eyes suddenly lit up with golden light, and he launched a fortune peep...

The next second, he saw more than 20 transparent humanoid monsters, with aura of luck, rushing towards him!

One of the Qi Luck auras has already turned red in the white.

If you want your luck to turn red, you need at least 3 times your luck value, and the person who comes may be at the peak level of the **** king.

It seems that the devouring of spiritual plants just now shocked many canyon demons.

Qin Feng suddenly laughed!

A new harvest feast is about to begin!

More than 20 demons, the luck provided is extremely impressive!

The level-clearing magic cards they burst out can double the rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took the initiative to meet those demons in a flash!

In this way, he started his harvesting journey in the canyon...

At this moment, another figure appeared outside the canyon.

The person here is Qingdi!

He was the second one to arrive near the Divine Relic Land.

"I'm finally here!"

At this moment, Emperor Qing looked up at the mountains in front of him and was very excited.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a prompt to let him choose the entrance.

The Qing Emperor hurriedly used the Heavenly Secret Avenue and made a divination!

After a while, he calculated the result and walked directly to the eastern canyon.

"Fortunately, I'm good at deduction, and I can seek good luck and avoid evil. I know the east entrance is safe, and I don't know which road Qin Feng chose?"

Qingdi thought happily while worrying about Qin Feng.

According to his astrological horoscope, if he entered from the west, even the Great Perfection of the God King would not be able to pass through!

Thinking about it, he felt terrible!

He was very worried that Qin Feng had made the wrong choice.

But there are some things, he can't be the master, he can only look at Qin Feng's luck.

In Qingdi's view, the choice of this entrance should be the last hurdle in this round of chances.

Choose the wrong, the opportunity will be lost!

For others, it's just luck.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

For those who master the Heavenly Secret Avenue, it is a demonstration of strength.

He suddenly understood why Tianzun wanted to send Qin Feng Tianji Avenue.

Soon, Emperor Qing entered the eastern canyon...

He didn't know that although the western canyon was a hundred times more dangerous, it had more chances, and it could also explode the clearance card.

Although the eastern canyon is safe, there are very few opportunities. Its length is still a hundred times that of the west, and the time-consuming will be more than a hundred times as much...

Chapter 900 Innate nothingness! Nine Transformations Divine Armor!

In this way, Qin Feng made a breakthrough in the west canyon!

Qingdi broke through in the eastern canyon!

In the misty secret territory, the players are still wandering around.

They are still looking for the location of the God's Relic Land!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

The number of players who are close to the land of the gods has gradually increased...

At the same time, something was happening outside the Holy Land.

At this time, in the endless starry sky.

Venerable Puyin, Yeshen, and Maria have left the Dark Demon Realm and are rushing towards the Azure Dragon Star Realm...

The three were on their way and chatting.

"Senior Puyin, you said that Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached more than 1.1 billion stars?"

At this moment, Ye Shen's tone was extremely shocked!

He always thought that Qin Feng had the most comprehensive strength in the early days of the God King.

The answer that Venerable Ke Puyin told him made him feel like he was struck by lightning, and he couldn't believe his ears at all!

"Senior, are you sure you're not mistaken? As far as we know, Qin Feng has the most strength in the early days of the God King!"

At this time, Maria also whispered in a low voice.

She also had a hard time accepting that fact.

Venerable Puyin sneered: "How could this deity make such a joke with the younger generation?! If Qin Feng only had the strength of the early king of the gods, he would not let this deity come forward."

"To tell you the truth, Qin Feng's strength is high and low, and that is what I learned from the children of the Divine Realm who peeked into the sky and fought in person."

"From the current point of view, the basic combat power of that little thief is about 100 million stars, but he has the means to display a 200 million star attack, which can kill the peak of the king in seconds!"

Boom~!

200 million attack!

Yashen and Mary turned pale when they heard this!

The two couldn't help looking at each other face to face, and they didn't dare to answer for a long time!

They never thought that Qin Feng would become so strong!

Seeing the two being shocked, Venerable Puyin was inexplicably proud.

He just likes to see the incomparably terrified appearance of these juniors.

And all the information he said was learned from Cheng Huang's mouth.

Little did he know, the information was out of date.

When Qin Feng killed Emperor Xun, his basic combat power had far exceeded 100 million stars, let alone now.

Of course, this cannot be blamed on Venerable Puyin.

By the time Di Xun was eliminated from the Holy Land, Venerable Pu Yin had already left the Heavenly Peeping God Realm first.

At this time, Venerable Pu Yin further analyzed: "Qin Feng's trip to the Holy Land is not over yet, and he still has a lot of opportunities to improve his strength. However, no matter how much he improves, his basic combat power will not exceed 1.5 billion stars. class!"

Hearing this, the expressions of the two Yeshen changed slightly again!

1.5 billion stars!

They can't even imagine it!

This is completely beyond the level of the Great Perfection of the King of God, killing the two of them is easy!

After a while, the two of them came to their senses!

Ye Shen took a deep breath and said, "Senior, it's fortunate that the two of us met you! If only Maria and I were to go, it would be equivalent to going to die!"

Maria also echoed: "Yeah! That little thief's strength is terrible! If he really reaches 1.5 billion combat power, Ye Shen and I will not even have a chance to escape!"

Speaking of which, she sighed!

Afterwards, she gloated and said: "However, even if the little thief can reach 1.5 billion combat power after leaving the Holy Land, it is not as good as one-tenth of the senior. Killing him is just a matter of moving your fingers~"!"

Hearing this, Venerable Puyin laughed without saying a word!

Ye Shen also showed a knowing smile.

To them, what Maria said was the truth!

Just like that, the group of three continued on their way...

In the blink of an eye, another half hour passed.

At this time, many changes have taken place in the Holy Land.

In the eastern canyon, Emperor Qing hardly encountered any obstacles, not even a monster in the main **** realm!

However, he didn't gain much either!

And after such a long time, he has only traveled one-twentieth of the journey, and he is still far from the end...

In addition, Qin Feng has received a lot of money!

At this moment, in the west canyon.

Qin Feng has opened the panel and is checking the latest changes...

[Level]: Level 93

[Tibet]: Level 88 (Intermediate Hongmeng Supreme)

[Luck]: 162 times (Lord of Ultimate Destiny)

【Reputation】: 380,000 points

[Combat strength]: 163.2 billion stars

[Clearance God Card]: 90 pieces

very good!

The luck skyrocketed to 162 times!

The combat power has also reached 163.2 billion stars!

The number of pass-through cards has reached 90, and the equivalent of pass-through rewards can be increased by 450%!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was very happy!

I am afraid that Venerable Pu Yin did not expect that Qin Feng had not cleared the second round of opportunities, and the basic combat power had reached 163.2 billion stars.

This is far beyond the estimates of Venerable Puyin!

What's more, Qin Feng still has three major opportunities to obtain!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the panel, and his consciousness swept all around...

I saw a dead atmosphere all around, and all the spiritual plants withered away.

And 20,000 miles in front of him is the exit of the canyon!

It turned out that he had already killed the end of the canyon.

As long as he passes through the exit of the canyon, he can enter the real land of the gods, and he can see the Nine Heavens Temple.

In addition, his divine sense also spied that there was a mysterious door of light near the exit of the canyon.

"Is that the gate of light the entrance to the secret realm of the star map?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Along the way, he has been looking for the entrance to the secret realm of the star map, but he has never found it.

When it was about to end, he discovered the door of light!

It's just that the distance is a little far, and he can't spy on the information of the light gate.

It seems that he has to get closer to check it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and hurried towards the exit door...

Not long after, he arrived near the exit of the canyon and saw the gate of light.