Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He hurriedly stared at the door of light and peeped away...

[Entrance to the Secret Realm of Star Map: You need to hold the Star Map Secret Order before you can enter]

"Finally found!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

However, he did not immediately walk to the entrance of the secret realm, but looked in front of the entrance.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

I saw a mysterious white-robed man sitting cross-legged in that position, unable to detect any breath of that man with his divine sense.

If Qin Feng hadn't walked nearby, I'm afraid he still wouldn't know the existence of this mysterious person!

Who is this person?

Could it be that he is the master of the Demon King Fengxi?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly became nervous.

Feng Xi's master is a quasi-eternal existence, how dare he be careless?

With this in mind, he hurriedly spy on the white-robed man...

[Evil Object]: Canyon Demon King

[Boundary]: God King Great Perfection

[Characteristics]: Recognized Lord, Secret Realm Guardian, Divine Consciousness Resistance, Space Teleportation

[Special Ability]: Absolutely invisible, half-step eternity is also difficult to detect

[Remarks]: This demon was originally the ultimate demon king who guarded the exit of the canyon, but was suppressed and recaptured by an almighty, who recognized the almighty as the master and guarded the entrance to the secret realm for him.

"So it's not the master of Feng Xi!"

Qin Feng was stunned!

However, this also made him realize the power of Master Feng Xi!

Even the Demon King of the Great Perfection level of the God King can easily regain it!

It seems that before he wants to enter the secret realm, he has to destroy the Demon King first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to do it...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, in his chaotic space, five majestic Dao powers came continuously...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: Your mind body successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Tianji), and realized the 1% Dao Yun of Tianji Avenue]

[Reminder: Your mind body successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Hundred Flowers), and realized the 1% Dao Rhyme of Baihua Avenue]

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (destroying love), and realized the 1% Dao rhyme of the avenue of killing love]

[Reminder: Your Mind Body has successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (Escape), and you have comprehended the 1% Dao Rhyme of the Dao of Escape]

[Reminder: Your mind body successfully refined Taiqing Daojing (time), and realized the 1% Dao rhyme of Time Dao]

…

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

He actually refined the five Taiqing Dao crystals at this moment!

Suddenly, his body was roaring constantly, and his momentum was skyrocketing!

After a long time, all the movement disappeared!

The Fortune Jade Disc also automatically completed the recording!

So far, the number of avenues Qin Feng has awakened has reached 72, the basic combat power has reached 167 billion stars, and the strength has been greatly improved!

Having said that, once the five Taiqing Daojings were refined, the last Vientiane Daojing remained in Qin Feng's hands.

That is the Innate Dao, refining is difficult, and naturally it takes a long time!

However, once the refining is completed, Qin Feng's chaotic space will undergo earth-shaking changes.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is very much looking forward to it!

But at this moment, the Demon King in front finally felt something.

I saw it slowly raised its head, revealing a pale face and a pair of green pupils!

It looks like a man and a devil, and it's a bit hideous!

At that moment, the Demon King saw Qin Feng's realm clearly, and there was a hint of doubt in the depths of his eyes!

what! How come the person is a human being in the False God realm?

It still thought that something strong was coming!

However, none of this matters anymore!

Anyone who dares to approach the master's retreat will tear it to shreds!

Om~!

Thinking of this, the Demon King's body lit up with white light, instantly entering a state of absolute stealth!

huh~!

In the next second, it suddenly appeared behind Qin Feng with a teleportation, and slammed into Qin Feng's back with a claw!

Boom~!

That claw blasted out, the momentum was shocking, and it suddenly reached 1.5 billion stars, and the attack power was astonishing!

In the blink of an eye, that blow came close!

At this moment, Qin Feng turned around and suddenly faced the attack of the Demon King with a sword!

Om~!

At that moment, his whole body was motivated by the power of luck, and his momentum soared, suddenly reaching more than 183 billion stars!

The Demon King was amazed!

It did not expect that this human could see its location!

It didn't even expect that the power of this human's sword was so terrifying!

But this idea came to me, and the mutation in the field regenerated!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At that moment, four world illusions appeared behind Qin Feng!

There are celestial illusions!

There are ghost world illusions!

There is an illusion on earth!

There is a vision of hell!

Four Prisons Suppressing Heaven, instantly open!

The attack power of that sword suddenly increased by 120%, reaching 400 million in an instant, and the momentum was devastating!

Siyu Zhentian seems to have surpassed a knowing blow!

The Demon King widened his eyes in horror!

But it's too late!

Kacha~!

A crisp rain!

Qin Feng shattered the attack of the Demon King with one sword, and also smashed the Demon King!

That shrill roar echoed in the thick fog!

With just one sword, Qin Feng killed the Demon King! .

Chapter 901 Roads everywhere! Infinite creation!

Looking at the white mist transformed by the Demon King, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

His strength is getting stronger and stronger!

Now, he can kill even the Great Perfection of the God King with a single sword!

Having said that, he was able to have such a strong attacking power mainly by relying on the ‘Four Prisons to Suppress the Sky’!

Four Prisons Suppresses the Sky, the attack increases by 120%, which is 20% more than the attack of the heart!

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

correct!

Zhu Rong, Gong Gong, Hou Tu, and Tian Wu, as long as two of them hatch, he will be able to gather six messengers.

At that time, the four prisons will become the six prisons, and the attack increase will become 180%, which is far stronger than a knowing strike!

Even better, as long as Qin Feng awakens the Six Realms Avenue!

The power of the Six Prison Suppressing Heaven can be increased again, and the attack will be directly increased from 180% to 20%, which is to triple the attack!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to awakening the 'Six Realms Avenue', and also looking forward to the early hatching of Zhu Rong's four little guys.

At the same time, he was also curious about what kind of existence the Judgment Divine Realm was, so that the children of Judgment could possess such a strong vocation skill, and its ultimate formidable power far surpassed a single blow!

His only pity is that Six Prison Suppressing Heaven and Knowing Strike cannot be used together!

In the future, he may be able to find a way to crack it and merge the two great magical powers into one!

However, that's all for later!

huh~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, a dazzling white light flew out from the white fog that the Demon King collapsed and poured into his body.

[You killed the canyon Demon King (God King Great Perfection), and obtained +50000000000000000000000000000 energy points]

[You killed the canyon Demon King (God King Great Perfection), and obtained +100,000 Gold Judgment Points]

[You killed the canyon Demon King (God King Great Perfection), and 10 Clearance God Cards exploded]

[You killed the canyon Demon King (God King Great Perfection) and exploded the avenue scroll (Void)]

[Your vocation is promoted to level 89 Hongmeng Supreme (intermediate)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20,000 points! 】

[863 Your energy index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20,000 points! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light!

In the white fog in front of it, 10 clearance cards and an avenue scroll appeared!

He was amazed!

I didn't expect that after killing the Demon King, there would be such a generous reward!

Having said that, this Demon King is the strongest demon in the canyon, and was originally the big boss guarding the exit!

If it hadn't met Qin Feng, the ordinary God King Dzogchen would not be its opponent!

In short, he made a lot of money this time!

With this in mind, Qin Feng waved his hand and took all the scrolls of the customs clearance and the avenues into his hands.

So far, he has 1 clearance card in his hand, and the chance reward of this round can be increased by 5%, which is directly increased by six times!

Qin Feng smiled slightly, put away ten divine cards, and then looked at the avenue scroll...

It was a gray-white avenue scroll, exuding an amazing Dao light...