Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Road Scroll (Void): Comprehend this scroll, you can comprehend the innate avenue 'The Dao of Nothingness']

[Reminder: Awakening the Dao of Nothingness, you can automatically awaken magical powers-absolutely invisible! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he was surprised again!

This is actually the scroll of the Xiantian Dao, and it is one of the resources he wants most.

In this way, there are 5 kinds of scrolls in his hand.

They are one, merit, six realms, chaos, and nothingness.

In addition, he also has Vientiane Daojing refining, and Karma God Stele is comprehending.

And there are ten kinds of the innate avenues he awakened!

All this is a lot of progress!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Void Avenue scroll with satisfaction.

Afterwards, he pinched the seal with his hands again and launched the devouring of luck.

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of the canyon Demon King, your luck value +8 times]

8 times luck! Waiting for an increase of 800 million combat power!

So far, Qin Feng's luck value has reached 17 times!

He is so happy!

After doing this, he took out the star map password

Next, he is going to complete the task in the secret territory of the star map and get the SS-level task reward.

Presumably, the reward must be extremely rich!

However, it is also very difficult!

After all, he has to face a 'quasi-half-step eternity' power!

That is an existence with a combat power of more than 400 million stars!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling a little unsure in his heart.

Then, he took the secret order and walked to the entrance of the secret realm.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

[Climbing reminder: Player 'Qin Feng' was detected, killed all the demons and demon kings in this canyon, and completed the challenge! 】

[Player 'Qin Feng' is the only player who has completed the clearance since the opening of this Holy Land, so he received a special clearance reward]

【Rewards are as follows】

[Reward players with 30,000 reputation points]

[Reward players with 3 billion star power]

[Reward players with 2 Chaos Treasure Chests (full state)]

[Reward players with 1 Dao Treasure Box God Card (Dao level)]

what! Are there rewards for this? !

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Om~!

Before he could think about it, a reward beam of light descended from the sky.

It won't be long before the rewards end!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed to 1.7 billion stars, and his reputation has skyrocketed to 410,000!

In addition, he also got 2 Chaos Chests (full state).

So far, the Chaos Treasure Chest (complete state) in his hand has reached three.

The God Card of the Dao Treasure Box that he finally got gave him the hope of synthesizing Dao-level treasure boxes.

Qin Feng put away these gains with satisfaction!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder

【Rewards are distributed! The entrance to this canyon channel will be permanently closed! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the entrance of the canyon, there was an earth-shattering roar immediately!

The whole canyon is shaking!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng showed a knowing smile.

It seems that the players behind can no longer enter from the west, but can only enter from the east entrance!

This is very beneficial to him!

Because entering from the east entrance takes more time.

Now, Qin Feng is at the exit.

But he still has to complete the task in the secret area before he can go out and get the final ranking.

During this period, he did not hope that someone would arrive at the land of the gods before him and snatched his first place.

Therefore, he has to hurry to complete the task in the secret territory!

With this in mind, Qin Feng stepped into the secret gate of light in front of him.

Om~!

At that moment, the secret order in his hand lit up with a dazzling golden light, and then he passed through the door of light without hindrance.

The next second, he appeared in a starry sky.

The starry sky is dark and deserted, and the vastness is boundless.

Qin Feng stood quietly in the starry sky, looking ahead

I saw that in that direction, there was a huge piece of land suspended in the starry sky.

From a distance, the land is the size of the Blue Star Realm, and there is a mysterious palace on it.

The palace is as big as the moon, majestic, and comes with seven-color rays of light, shining brightly!

"The master of Fengxi must be in that palace!"

With this thought in mind, Qin Feng displayed the Taoist body of silence and hid his breath.

He wants to rush over quietly to see if he can sneak a sneak attack!

After all, the opponent this time is extremely strong, and sneak attack is the best strategy.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Besides, he also wants to finish the task early!

"Looking at the distance of about three billion miles, it is estimated that it will be there in a quarter of an hour! By the way, my battle armor should be condensed soon, right?"

Qin Feng seemed to think of something again, and there was a hint of anxiety in his eyes.

For this task, he attaches great importance to it, and naturally wants to achieve the best state of everything.

If you don't want to do so much, let's rush over and talk about it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and quietly escaped

On this journey, he was extremely cautious.

In this way, Qin Feng kept approaching the land

At the same time, he still has another thing in mind, that is his seven-transformation armor.

At this moment, in his chaotic space, a secret room.

Qin Feng's mind body is holding the seal with both hands, constantly manipulating the three divine armors in the air, making them merge with each other!

hum~~!

At this moment, the three pieces of divine armor released a lot of spiritual light, and merged into one at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning into a mighty divine armor, emitting nine colors of divine light!

The mind body suddenly showed surprise, and looked at the **** armor.

[Nine Transformations Divine Armor: Fortune-level, innate artifact, can feed back 1.8 billion star combat power]

[This armor is composed of ten kinds of **** armors, such as Shitian, Kongtian, Fengtian, Leitian, Hantian, Mingtian, Mingtian, Mutian, Earth and so on]

After reading the information of the **** armor, the mind body is overjoyed!

The 1.8 billion-star combat power back-feeding is more helpful to his body.

It turned out that after Qin Feng awakened Time Avenue and Houtu Avenue, he could strengthen the Seven Transformations Divine Armor.

Today, his 'Seven Transformations Divine Armor' has become a 'Nine Transformations Divine Armor'.

When he masters the three avenues of water, fire, and gold, he can make the remaining three gods recognize their masters, and condense the final Pantian **** armor!

The Pantian Divine Armor is a treasure at the pinnacle of fortune!

If he gets another 'Heaven and Earth's Profound Yellow Qi', he can also be promoted to the weapon of the Great Dao.

At present, Qin Feng has a Dao Treasure Box God Card and 3 Chaos Treasure Boxes (complete state) in his hands!

When he gets another 7 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete state), he can synthesize a Taoist Treasure Chest.

With the Dao-level treasure chest, he has a high probability of being able to unleash a mysterious and yellow aura of heaven and earth.

Thinking of this, the mind body is full of expectations.

At the same time, in the secret territory of the star map, Qin Feng has escaped for a billion miles.

At this moment, his eyes suddenly lit up, and his face showed surprise.

"Hey! The Nine Transformations Divine Armor has become!"

At the moment, he thought about it!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, his body flashed with a flash of light, and the sword light also lit up in his hand!

In just a split second, he changed into the 'Nine Transformations Divine Armor' and the 'Sword of Execution of Heaven', and completed the integration of human and machine!

His combat power has also increased to 172.2 billion stars!

But all this did not end, he thought again, and eight golden lights lit up continuously on his body!

Combat sacrifice! Instant start!

Ran Deng, Ming He, Di Jiang, Jumang, Qiyue, Fengxi, Xiaoluan'er, and Yu Xuanji's eight combat powers were all drawn from him.

His combat power has soared to 2.3 billion stars!

The strongest state!

Show it!

Qin Feng's confidence has also greatly increased!

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed forward.

Chapter 902 Good and evil corpses! Great avenue!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng finally arrived over the land.

At the moment, he hurriedly looked inside the land...

When he saw it, he was shocked!

I saw that on the land, there were countless top-quality god-level spirits~flowers, spirit grasses, spirit fruits...

Everywhere is colorful, with fairy spirits lingering in the sky, like a fairyland!

What surprised him even more was that there was even a fortune-level spirit-Zhi!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes fell on a huge ganoderma lucidum!