Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

That Ganoderma lucidum gave birth to nine mushroom caps, the pieces were as big as grinding discs, the whole body was purple, bright as lacquer, and the rays of the sun were shining!

[Nine-leaf Ganoderma lucidum: fortune-telling grade, contains the complete avenue of immortality]

[Reminder: By refining this spirit grass, you can awaken the ‘Avenue of Eternal Life’]

The avenue of eternal life!

This is a road that I haven't thought of yet!

Qin Feng swallowed his saliva and was very moved...

Then his eyes shifted, and he landed in another corner.

There is a long blue vine growing there, as thick as a bucket and as long as ten thousand feet, like a blue dragon, wrapped around the rock...

[Panlong Vine: Fortune grade, contains a complete winding road]

[Reminder: Use this vine to make medicine and alchemy, and then take it, you can awaken the 'Tang Dao']

Another new road!

Qin Feng became more and more excited.

Immediately afterwards, his eyes shifted again, and he looked at a bush in the south, which bore a golden spiritual fruit, the size of a fist, with divine light reaching the sky!

[Vajra Bodhi seed: good fortune, contains the complete golden road]

[Reminder: Refining this Spirit Fruit will awaken the ‘Golden Road’]

It's a new road!

Qin Feng was very emotional!

Then, he continued to check...

Hedao flower, celestial tree, purple salvia, Xianwu tea…

These are all creation-level spiritual plants, and they all contain the complete Dao!

At a rough glance, there are a total of nine kinds of good fortune-level spiritual plants, which represent nine kinds of avenues!

Qin Feng looks more and more happy!

Except for the nine kinds of creation-grade spirit plants, the rest of the spirit flowers, spirit grasses, spirit fruits, and spirit trees are all at the top-grade god-grade level, and there is not even a single high-grade god-grade tree!

This is a huge treasure trove of resources. Even if the spiritual plant resources in the canyon passage add up, the value is not one-tenth of the value here!

Qin Feng swallowed his saliva, wishing he could immediately use Lingzhi Devour to devour all Lingzhi.

However, Qin Feng restrained the impulse in his heart, and his eyes fell on the center of the land!

There is a huge jade platform there, the whole body is snow white.

If you look closely, you can see that its surface is as smooth as a mirror, and it can reflect the heaven and earth.

Qin Feng was surprised to see it, so he peeped at the jade platform...

[Sendai Mirror: Fortune Grade, Wonders of Heaven and Earth, Unidentified Owner]

[Reminder: Only Dao-level bloodline and the master of Yaochi can be recognized as the master]

[This object contains complete Illusion Avenue and Mirror Shadow Avenue]

[Reminder: Melting this strange thing into the Jade Pond can turn the Jade Pond into a peak-level blessed land 'Jade Pond Wonderland']

what! This strange thing can actually make Yaochi advance to the rank!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

What surprised him even more was that this Sendai Mirror's master condition was simply prepared for him!

No wonder, this strange thing did not recognize its owner!

Because Yaochi is in his hands, others naturally cannot recognize the master.

However, Qin Feng still did not rush to recognize the master, but looked at the center of Xiantai.

I saw a slender figure sitting cross-legged in the center, surrounded by white mist, like a fairy!

Looking closely, it was actually a beautiful woman with extremely delicate facial features, wearing a green robe, with a graceful and luxurious temperament, and the breath exuding from her body was extremely amazing!

Qin Feng didn't dare to despise it, and cautiously peeped towards him...

[Evil Spirit]: Our Lady of Yaotai (Good Corpse)

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 500 million stars

[Feature]: Retreat and breakthrough

[Remarks]: Demon King, Fengxi, Kuilang, Lord of the scorpion

It is indeed her!

The Lord of Feng Xi, that is what Qin Feng is looking for!

The Zhutian array map should be on him.

However, this woman actually has 500 million star combat power, even if it is a sneak attack, it is not easy to kill!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Having said that, the Virgin of Yaotai never found him.

It seems that, without reaching the true half-step eternity, it is difficult to see through his silent Tao body.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked away from the Virgin of Yaotai and looked at the temple not far away again!

He wants to fully understand the situation around him before he starts!

That way you can be foolproof!

I saw that the temple was extremely huge, up to 10 billion feet, and it was extremely imposing!

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he peeped away...

[Lingxiao Hall: a god-level building, surrounded by a 'Zhenwu Xuanshui Cover' for protection]

[Zhenwu Xuanshui Cover: Made of Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag! 】

[Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag: The pinnacle of good fortune, the northern flag among the innate five-element flags, has been recognized as the master! 】

Huh~!

The northern flag of the innate Five Elements Flag!

That is a treasure of the pinnacle of creation!

Qin Feng was amazed again!

There are so many treasures on this land!

If he can get it all, he will make a lot of money!

However, the premise of all this is that he must first destroy the master here, that is, Our Lady of Yaotai!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on Our Lady of Yaotai again.

He has already touched the situation around here, it is time to do it!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

With this in mind, Qin Feng quietly descended from the sky and landed near the Sendai Mirror!

At this time, he was only ten feet away from Sendai Mirror.

And his position is directly behind the Virgin of Yaotai.

All this is silent!

Our Lady of Yaotai seems to be unaware!

After Qin Feng took a deep breath, he cautiously approached the Sendai Mirror...

step! Step two! Three steps!

In just three steps, Qin Feng arrived at the Sendai Mirror!

As long as he takes one more step, he will set foot on the Sendai Mirror.

Qin Feng became nervous in his heart.

This Sendai mirror is a wonder of heaven and earth, I am afraid that as soon as you step on it, it will give birth to a mutation...

It was because of this worry that he was extra cautious.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but glanced at the ground under his feet and measured the distance visually.

"Hey! This soil..."

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, and he looked at the soil under his feet in surprise...

I saw that the soil was yellow in color, moderately soft and hard, and vaguely exuded the spiritual light of Taoism...

The soil that contains the spiritual light of Taoism, I am afraid that it is not ordinary soil!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his eyes of peeping and peeped into the soil under his feet...

[Nine Heavens Resting Soil: The Peak of Creation, the wonders of heaven and earth, the master has been recognized]

[This thing can grow infinitely, not afraid of loss, it is the best soil for cultivating spiritual plants in the world]

[This thing contains Swamp Avenue, Thick Earth Avenue, Boundless Avenue, Life Avenue, and Mother Earth Avenue]

After this investigation, Qin Feng was completely shocked!

There are actually five great avenues in these nine heavens!

Among the treasures of the peak of creation, it can be regarded as the best!

such a pity!

It has already recognized the master!

Come to think of it, its owner is Our Lady of Yaotai!

This continent should be transformed by the Nine Heavens Breath!

No wonder, the spiritual plants on it have reached the top-level **** rank or above. It is really the best soil for cultivating spiritual plants in the world.

correct!

In the myth of Longbi, the people of Longbi were pinched out by Nuwa with nine days of breath.

·

Because the nine-day soil is yellow, the Longbi people are of the yellow race.

Of course, those are just myths,

This also fully shows that Jiutian Xi soil is a treasure that is extremely cherished!

He must get it!

With this in mind, Qin Feng wanted to destroy the Mother of Yaotai even more.

At the moment, he no longer hesitated, and set foot on the Sendai Mirror in one step!

As soon as he stepped in, on the mirror stage, the smoke took the initiative to surround Qin Feng...

Before he could think about it, the white fog drifted around and the scenery changed!

The next second, he was surprised to find that he was standing on the top of a ten thousand feet high mountain.

At the top of the mountain, the wind whistled and the clouds surged.

Qin Feng stood against the wind, his clothes fluttering!

At this moment, there is a cliff of ten thousand feet under his feet, an endless sea of ​​clouds above his head, green pines and boulders near him, and fertile mountains and rivers in the distance!

Seeing such a landscape, a majestic arrogance suddenly rose from the bottom of his heart, and his blood boiled inexplicably.

Huh~! wrong!

It's an illusion!

Qin Feng woke up in an instant!

He clearly set foot on the Sendai Mirror, how could he be on the top of this mountain?