Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It seems that this is the phantom avenue that comes with Sendai Mirror, and it will automatically attack its intruders!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with silver light!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the illusions around him, like glass, cracked inch by inch, and finally collapsed!

Illusion Avenue is broken!

Qin Feng has returned to reality!

I saw him still standing on the Sendai mirror, surrounded by white fog, and there were no mountains and cliffs.

The Virgin of Yaotai still had her back to him, obviously she was not disturbed!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised, revealing a satisfied smile!

Although the Illusion Avenue is strong, his Heart Avenue is stronger!

The Avenue of the Heart can restrain all illusions and spy on the essence of all the world!

Now, he has activated the Avenue of the Heart, so he is no longer affected by the Avenue of Illusions.

With this in mind, Qin Feng took a step forward and began to approach the Mother of Yaotai carefully!

One step, two steps, three steps...

When he took the seventieth step, he was only a hundred feet away from Our Lady of Yaotai!

Qin Feng's heart became more and more tense, and the hand holding the hilt began to sweat.

Because the closer you get, the easier it is to alert the target!

At this time, Qin Feng took another step forward...

I saw the white mist rolling slightly for a while!

Qin Feng dropped his foot gently without making any sound. He also took the seventy-first step and shortened the distance from the Mother of Yaotai to within a hundred feet.

As soon as this distance was shortened, a mutation suddenly occurred!

hum~~!

The Sendai mirror suddenly lit up!

Immediately afterwards, a handsome figure emerged from the jade platform that looked like a mirror!

That figure looks exactly like Qin Feng!

Even the momentum on his body is 2.3 billion stars!

Same look!

The same fighting force!

This is the second avenue of Sendai Mirror - Mirror Avenue, which is mirror copying!

It turned out that as long as you enter the center of the Sendai Mirror within a hundred feet, the Sendai Mirror will mirror the mirror image of the person to stop the person coming!

really!

As soon as the mirror image appeared, it attacked Qin Feng!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky, the momentum is shocking!

A hundred feet away, the Virgin of Yaotai was passively alerted, and her slender back trembled!

"Damn!"

Qin Feng cursed in his heart, stepped out and disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

That mirror image slashed into the air with a sword!

At the same moment, Qin Feng had teleported to the back of Our Lady of Yaotai.

Chapter 903 is evenly matched! Take the opportunity to devour!

"Who?!"

Our Lady of Yaotai screamed in shock!

Boom~!

At that moment, her aura exploded!

It automatically forms a protective mask all over its body, and it emits thirteen avenues of halo!

It turned out that she had mastered thirteen kinds of avenues!

Om~!

The protective mask was instantly formed, emitting a dazzling aura!

Its energy level suddenly reached 600 million stars, exceeding the basic combat power of the Yaotai Virgin, which is amazing!

At this moment, the phoenix eyes of the Virgin of Yaotai were wide open, and the depths of her eyes were full of anger and disdain!

She didn't look back!

Don't even bother to look back!

She didn't have to look back to know that the combat power of the incoming enemy was only 2.3 billion stars!

Because Sendai Mirror copied Qin Feng's mirror image, it naturally exposed Qin Feng's combat power!

With that kind of combat power, even if she sits still, an incoming enemy will not be able to break her defense mask!

Om~!

Just when the Virgin of Yaotai had this thought, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng turned into a giant, standing tall!

Dharma golden body! Casting is complete!

He is now in full form, and his hole cards can be used after a long absence!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed by 50%, reaching 345 billion stars!

Our Lady of Yaotai was slightly startled and wanted to look back!

Om~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with silver-white luck light!

His momentum has once again risen to 362 billion stars!

But it's not over!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the illusions of the four worlds, including the heaven, the ghost world, the world, and the hell, appeared behind Qin Feng!

The Four Hells! Instant turn on!

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed at the back of the Virgin with a sword!

That sword attack soared by 120%, instantly reaching about 796 billion stars, and the momentum destroyed the universe!

what! This is…

Our Lady of Yaotai widened her eyes in horror!

She suddenly realized that something was wrong, but it was too late!

sigh~ la~!

That Tongtian sword cut through the starry sky, and finally slashed above the mask!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

The remaining power of that sword continued to slash on the delicate body of the Virgin!

puff~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The delicate body of Our Lady of Yaotai was split in half!

A hoarse roar came from the sword light!

At this moment, Our Lady of Yaotai was extremely angry and unwilling!

She didn't expect that Qin Feng could burst out such terrifying attack power!

She was careless!

However, it is impossible to kill her with such an attack!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two bursts in a row!

The delicate body of the Virgin, which was split in half, burst out with two blood mists.

Afterwards, the blood mist gathered into a mass, turned into a human shape, and was resurrecting at an extremely fast speed!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was not surprised but delighted!

In the blood fog state, the soul body has no physical protection, it is the most vulnerable time!

And the light of Heaven's Punishment Daoguang he masters is the great weapon that destroys the soul body!

His Heavenly Punishment Daoguang can damage even a half-step eternal soul, not to mention that this Lady of the Jade Pond is only half-step eternal!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's brows and hearts split suddenly, and the pupils of God's Punishment emerged!

huh~!

In the next breath, the **** pupil blasted out a ray of punishment from the sky, penetrating the blood mist!

puff~!

A soft sound!

That light penetrated the soul of Our Lady of Yaotai!

"Ah~~!"

A shrill roar came from the blood fog!

Qin Feng clearly sensed that the soul of the Virgin of Yaotai was severely damaged, and the breath was weakened a lot!

He was overjoyed and was about to perform the second strike!

"stop!"

But at this moment, a coquettish roar suddenly came from the Lingxiao Hall on the side!

That shout was like thunder!

The entire starry sky was shaken!

Qin Feng felt that his ears were buzzing, and his whole head was full of echoes!

It was as if the Jiao Zha just now exploded in his ears!

At this time, he was horrified!

It turns out that within this secret realm, two quasi-half-step eternal powers are hidden!