Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

One is Our Lady of Yaotai!

The other is hidden in Lingxiao Palace!

It seems that the situation is not good!

He has to kill one first!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's brows and hearts flashed with golden light!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Three consecutive rays of heaven's punishment rays lased out, penetrating the blood mist!

Poof~! Poof~! puff~!

Three more beeps!

The soul body of Our Lady of Yaotai was penetrated by three more holes, and the momentum suddenly plummeted!

Just when Qin Feng was about to perform the fourth strike, a white light flashed beside him, and a white figure appeared out of thin air!

The person who came was a beautiful woman in a long white gauze dress, who was like a fairy. At the moment, she was staring at Qin Feng with round eyes!

Before Qin Feng could perform the fourth blow, the woman in the white skirt slashed with a sword!

Swah~!

The sword light flashed!

The avenue shakes!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

That sword actually exudes seventeen avenues of halo, and the momentum is shocking!

This white-dressed woman has mastered seventeen kinds of avenues, which is much stronger than that of Our Lady of Yaotai!

Just when the woman cut out the sword, she finally saw clearly that this human being was only in the False God realm!

At that moment, her eyes were full of astonishment!

She also thought that the person who came was also a quasi-half-step eternal, so that she could severely damage her good corpse in the case of a sneak attack!

Now, it doesn't seem like that at all!

At this moment, the woman was shocked!

But in the next breath, her eyes were sharp, and her eyes were full of viciousness!

No matter what realm this kid is in, he has to die!

She's going to smash it to pieces!

The woman slashed down with a single sword and delivered her strongest blow!

Swish~!

Where the sword light passed, the starry sky was shattered, and the laws were annihilated. It was like the destruction of the universe, and the power was extremely terrifying!

The momentum of that sword also locked Qin Feng's energy, making Qin Feng unavoidable!

Swish~!

Qin Feng didn't dare to neglect, he hurriedly slashed out and met the terrifying blow!

In the blink of an eye, the two swords meet!

When~~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Sound waves sway!

Thousands of miles of void are cracked!

The body of the mirror image that was approaching the battle ground was suddenly shattered by the aftermath of the attack from both sides, and turned into a starlight in the sky!

In the next second, Qin Feng and the woman groaned at the same time, and each was shocked back!

In this face-to-face, the two sides were evenly matched!

It was at this time that the woman saw clearly that the aura on Qin Feng's body actually exuded seventy-two kinds of avenues!

This person actually mastered seventy-two avenues?

The woman was stunned!

Having said that, the number of avenues she has mastered is considered to be the best in the quasi-half-step eternity, even more than some real half-step eternity.

This has always been the proudest place in her heart!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

But compared with Qin Feng, all this is not worth mentioning!

She still doesn't know that ten of the seventy-two avenues in Qin Feng's hands are the innate avenues!

In the ordinary half-step eternity, it is not bad to be able to master one innate avenue, let alone ten.

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also shocked.

This woman in white dress is obviously stronger than Our Lady of Yaotai. I don't know what the origin is?

Thinking of this, he spied on the woman in the white dress...

[Evil Spirit]: Jiutian Xuannv (Evil Corpse)

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 600 million stars

[Remarks]: Demon King, Fengxi, Kuilang, Lord of the scorpion

"Hey~! Why is this woman also the master of the seal?"

Qin Feng was surprised!

Could it be that there are two masters of demon kings such as Feng Xi, not one?

It shouldn't be!

If you have already recognized the master, you cannot recognize the second person as the master.

It is impossible for a demon king such as Feng Xi to have two masters!

correct!

When he spied on Yao, the nine-day mysterious girl, a corpse appeared behind her name.

When spying on the Virgin of Yaotai, a good corpse appeared behind her name.

What does this mean?

Just when Qin Feng was puzzled, the Virgin of Yaotai was finally resurrected!

He hurriedly spied on the Mother of Yaotai...

I saw the graceful and luxurious face of Our Lady of Yaotai, full of decadence.

Those lips that were originally rosy have also become a little black!

Its combat power has dropped from 500 million stars to 300 million stars!

It seems that she was seriously injured!

"You're finally here!"

Our Lady of Yaotai looked at Jiutian Xuannv with joy!

If Xuan Nu was a few steps later, she might have to confess here.

Jiutian Xuannv looked at her haggard appearance with a distressed expression.

"Hey! How did you get hurt so badly? With your soul body injury, I'm afraid it won't be fully recovered within a year and a half!"

The Mother of Yaotai smiled bitterly: "I was careless! When Sendai Mirror copied his mirror image, I thought he only had 2.3 billion combat power. I didn't expect that he had so many tricks!"

Speaking of which, the Lady of Yaotai looked at Qin Feng with a complicated expression!

"As early as the moment when Sendai Mirror was copied, I also sensed it. It's just that I was in retreat to realize the 'Dao's magical power', so I didn't try to stop it! I didn't expect him!"

Halfway through the sentence, Jiutian Xuannv sighed helplessly.

At this time, she was extremely regretful.

Knowing that this young man is so strong, she should have blocked it earlier, and she would not have suffered such a heavy loss.

"That's right! How did your Dao supernatural power feel?"

Our Lady of Yaotai asked with concern.

"I've realized 99.99%, and I'm just short of the last line. If it wasn't for this little thief, I should have realized it was successful!"

Having said this, Jiutian Xuannv looked regretful.

4.7 These two women, you talk to me and talk, and you don't take Qin Feng seriously.

And Qin Feng was stunned when he heard it!

At this time, the Mother of Yaotai sighed: "That's a pity! If you understand that Dao supernatural power, it is estimated that you can kill this kid with one punch!"

The voice of Our Lady of Yaotai is filled with infinite regret!

Jiutian Xuannv smiled proudly.

"Of course! That Dao supernatural power is just to deal with their men! It's just a pity that I'm just one line behind. I can only say that this kid is lucky and didn't come after my awakening!"

Having said that, Jiutian Xuannv looked at Qin Feng with a playful expression, and seemed to be very sure to solve Qin Feng!

And Qin Feng was quite shocked when he heard the words 'Dao Divine Ability'.

It is rumored that the supernatural power has been promoted to the perfect state, that is, the supernatural power of the Dao, and its power is unparalleled!

Listening to the conversation between these two women, Jiutian Xuannv seemed to be able to master a great avenue.

It was because of his arrival that he interrupted Jiutian Xuannv's retreat!

At this time, the voices of two women came from the front!

"Let's not talk too much, let's kill this little thief first."

"As it should be!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two women actually merged into one, turning into a strange woman!

Its appearance is seven points similar to Jiutian Xuannv and Yaotai Virgin, and there are 30 avenues of light on her body, and the momentum has increased by a lot! .

Chapter 904 Strength skyrockets! Yaochi Wonderland!

Qin Feng was stunned, and quickly peeped at the woman...

[Evil Spirit]: Yaotai Xuannv

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 700 million stars

Boom~!

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

It turned out that the Virgin of Yaotai and the Nine Heavens Xuannu were split from the same person.

This Yaotai Xuannv is their real body!

Seeing this, he couldn't help swallowing his saliva and his expression became serious!

After this woman is combined, she has a 700 million star combat power!

The next thing is going to be tricky!

At this time, Yaotai Xuannv looked to him...

After this integration was completed, Yaotai Xuannv's confidence increased greatly, and her eyes became arrogant and disdainful when she looked at Qin Feng!

"Boy, your initial combat power is only 2.3 billion stars, but you can break out such a terrifying attack!"

"If this fairy is not bad, you just used a magical power to temporarily increase your attack power!"