After saying this, he closed the private chat channel and continued on his way.

Liu Xuan was curious and quickly switched to the regional channel.

Seeing this, he was startled.

Fuck it~!

After a long time, Liu Yuan's leveling up so fast is by absorbing energy stones!

Then he looked happy.

He also has contribution points and can also do the business of novice knives.

At the moment, Liu Xuan joined the ranks of acquiring novice short knives to earn contribution points in exchange for power stones.

In this way, Liu Xuan killed monsters while earning power stones, both ways.

What's more, he got a third-order weapon, and the speed of killing monsters is also faster.

Before he knew it, his upgrade speed doubled.

Chapter 110 Come to the door to deliver the golden treasure chest

However, it was said that Liu Xuan bought the novice short knife, and Liu Yuan naturally saw it.

He was suddenly anxious.

One more person knew about the shortcut to exchange for power stones.

What's more, Liu Xuan is still his opponent for the second place.

At the moment, he accelerated the acquisition efforts.

An invisible ranking competition started between the two.

At the same time, Lei Jue, Long Shan, Wu Yong and others are desperately killing monsters to upgrade.

Now that Longyuan Village has been upgraded, the number of level 10 powerhouses is not up to the standard.

They are burdened with the expectations of the whole village, the pressure is doubled, and naturally they work harder.

In this way, Liu Xuan and others are chasing after me one by one, all sprinting desperately to level 10...

At the same moment, in every corner of the Blue Star Realm.

The participating villages are all working hard to enter the top ten.

Everyone uses whatever means they have.

It can be said that the Eight Immortals cross the sea, and the supernatural powers are fully revealed.

At this moment, District 331, Wuzhuangguan Village.

In a novice wooden house, an old Taoist priest was looking at the villagers in front of him.

The Taoist robe on the old Taoist priest was tattered and unkempt, and the expression between his brows was also somewhat cynical.

He is the village head of Wuzhuangguan Village - Qingchengzi.

Standing in front of Qingchengzi was a young man in a school uniform who looked like a student.

His name is Wang Keng, and he was a high school student before he came to this killing world.

puff~!

At this moment, Wang Keng knelt down in front of Qingchengzi.

"The village chief... No, the watcher! Please accept me as your apprentice!"

Wang Keng begged.

Qingchengzi frowned slightly: "Little Wang, the master of this sanctification accepts disciples, one looks at the foundation, and the other looks at the relationship of the Tao. Your foundation is mediocre, and you are not suitable to be a disciple of the master of this sanctification."

Wang Keng was in a hurry: "Guanzhu, my foundation is a little short, but I have a deep connection with the Dao!"

It turned out that after Qingchengzi accepted his apprentices, he would empower the new apprentices with mana, greatly enhancing their strength.

As a result, seven or eight extremely powerful powerhouses have been created for Wuzhuangguan, and each of them is about to break through level 10.

This also provided extremely strong support for Wuzhuangguan to hit the top three in the village competition.

And after this story spread in the village, countless villagers were jealous, and they came one by one, begging Qingchengzi to accept apprentices and consecrate them.

Qingchengzi is naturally not accepted by everyone, only those whose roots meet certain requirements will be accepted.

And there are not one in a hundred people who have the roots of Taoism, and there are not ten people in the entire Wuzhuangguan Village.

The Wang Keng in front of him was barely able to survive, and he was so far behind, so Qingchengzi was unwilling to accept it.

"Guanzhu, I really have the predestined relationship!" Wang Keng begged again.

"How do you say this?" Qingchengzi asked casually.

"Hey~! It's like this..."

A look of memory appeared on Wang Keng's face.

"It was a quiet evening. When I was passing by a remote place, I saw a grave. At that time, my heart was a little hairy, and I wanted to leave quickly."

"But just as I was about to leave, I saw a QR code on the tombstone, and my heart suddenly became curious."

"At that time, I didn't know where my brain was cramping, so I took my phone and scanned the QR code."

"I didn't expect this sweep to come out. The content is the life experience of the owner of the tomb. Who did he love, who he hated, who he owed, and what regrets he had in his life. Everything is recorded."

"But just when I was moved, something terrible happened. A pop-up window popped up, prompting 'The owner of the tomb has added you as a friend'!"

Qingchengzi: "..."

"What's even more terrifying is that a background music sounded at this time: Come with me! Start when it gets dark!"

Qingchengzi: "..."

"and then?"

Wang Keng smiled bitterly: "Then I fainted! When I woke up again, I was in this world of killing. At first, I thought I was in the underworld!"

"Master, I heard that you are good at exorcising ghosts. You see that I am so easy to recruit ghosts, I must have an indissoluble bond with Taoism, and it is very suitable for inheriting your ghost exorcism line."

Qingchengzi's mouth twitched.

After a long while, he said angrily and hilariously: "That's it! That's it! You are more foolish than the old man, so I will accept you with reluctance!"

"Wang Keng greets the master!"

Wang Keng was overjoyed, and hurriedly knelt down and bowed to thank you......

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Longyuan Village, left on the grassland.

Qin Feng hurried all the way.

In order to make Longyuan Village enter the top three in the village competition, he is also racing against time.

Having said that, these top three battles are not just competing with other villages, but also a race against time.

According to the rules of the competition, the results are only valid when you reach the level 3 village during the novice assessment period.

Otherwise, even if you get the first place, the result will be invalid.

Now, there are only four and a half days left until the end of the novice assessment. Longyuan Village is still a 0-level village, and it is still a long way from a 3-level village.

He can't be in a hurry!

"Hey! When will Liu Xuan and the others reach level 10?"

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more anxious he became.

He also realized that the overall upgrade speed of the villagers must be accelerated.

Obviously, when upgrading a level 2 village and a level 3 village, there will also be requirements for the villager level.

As for how to increase the speed of the villagers' upgrade, he has an idea, that is, to complete the task of opening the map as soon as possible and enter the outside world.

Maybe there are better resources and better things in the outside world to speed up the upgrade speed of villagers.

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's guesses.

Regardless of whether it is the same or not, the task of opening the map must be done, and the sooner it is completed, the better.

Just when Qin Feng was on his way and thinking wildly, Tiandao came to remind him.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The novice Liu Xuan has risen to level 10, and the second one has completed the novice assessment in this village, and will be rewarded with a silver treasure chest. 】

what!

Liu Xuan has been upgraded!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Ha ha!

A second person in Longyuan Village finally reached level 10.

One step closer to a Tier 1 village.

At the same moment, people cheered from all corners of Longyuan Village.

But before those cheers stopped, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The novice Liu Yuan has risen to level 10, and the third one has completed the novice assessment in this village, and three bronze treasure chests will be rewarded. 】

good! good!

Liu Yuan has also been upgraded!

Qin Feng was overjoyed again.

The cheers from Longyuan Village were even louder!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Villager Liu Xuan, traded for you a silver treasure chest for free, please check it. 】

Liu Xuan has good credit.

The silver treasure chest was delivered right away.

Qin Feng happily opened the trading channel and took out the silver treasure chest.

So far, there are two silver treasure chests in his hand.

But just when he put the treasure chest into the storage ring, Tiandao sent reminders again and again.

[Reminder: The Golden Bell in Village 935 exchanged the treasure chest synthesis card (tier 2) for your bronze treasure chest. 】

[Reminder: Alice from Village 128 exchanged the Treasure Box Synthesis Card (Tier 2) for your three Power Stones (Elementary). 】

[Reminder: Taro Aso from Village 537 exchanged the treasure chest synthesis card (tier 2) for your three power stones (primary). 】

Fuck it~!

All at once, I changed to three synthetic cards!

Synthetic cards are what he needs most!

This is really a harvest time period.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It seems that his good fortune is concentrated at this moment.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Reminder: Qi Jie has sent you a private chat request. 】

"Hey! Why did Qi Jie come to me?"

Qin Feng was curious, so he opened the private chat channel and connected.

The next second, Qi Jie sent a message.

Qi Jie: "Boss, Turgenev from the 44th village is looking for you, saying that he has an important matter to discuss with you, and invites you to the regional channel."

Qin Feng: "Okay!"