Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"As long as the protracted war is started, your flaws will inevitably be exposed! Do you think this fairy is right?"

Yaotai Xuannv spoke slowly, with a determined look on Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Then guess! Can I continue to break out Naya's attack!"

Yaotai Xuannv smiled self-righteously: "You may still be able to! However, at most three times! Such magical powers are often less than three times!"

"Then do you want to try it?"

"This fairy has exactly this intention!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Yaotai Xuannv suddenly shot, and a sword slashed towards Qin Feng!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

The avenue keeps vibrating~!

That sword 19 suddenly exuded thirty avenues of light, and the power of the avenues filled the world!

Suddenly, hundreds of millions of miles in the starry sky!

All space teleports!

All time backwards!

Avoid all laws!

All fail!

The blue-lighted blade slashed open the Avenue of the Heavens, and slashed towards Qin Feng's head!

Swish~!

The sword light is on!

The might of that sword made the world pale!

Its momentum has suddenly reached 900 million stars, and its power will destroy the flood!

Wherever the sword edge passed, all the laws were smashed to pieces like shattering!

In the blink of an eye, the sword was close to Qin Feng's head!

Qin Feng was shocked to find that any time, space and other skills were invalid!

His Qi machine was locked by that sword!

In the face of such a terrifying existence, the time and space skills that are invincible are useless at all!

He had to deal with it head-on!

At the moment, Qin Feng took action!

Swish~!

With all his strength, he greeted him with a sword, and he saw the mockery in Xuannv's eyes!

It seems that this time, he will definitely suffer a big loss!

In fact, Yaotai Xuannv thought so!

In the previous fight, she had already figured out Qin Feng's confidence.

This kid's strongest attack is less than 800 million stars, and he can't catch her sword at all, and she will definitely be hit hard by her!

She is going to see the miserable appearance of this kid after being hacked to the point of vomiting blood!

In the blink of an eye, the two swords meet again!

When~~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The sky in all directions exploded!

The terrifying sword of Yaotai Xuannv directly broke Qin Feng's momentum and blasted Qin Feng away!

Sure enough, everything is as expected!

Yaotai Xuannv looked in surprise, and saw that Qin Feng was 30,000 feet away, finally stabilized his figure, and slowly raised his head.

As soon as he raised his head, Yaotai Xuannv was stunned!

I saw Qin Feng's expression as usual, and even his breath was stable, and he didn't vomit blood like she imagined!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It's all right!

How could this be?

Yaotai Xuannv's eyes were full of astonishment!

She couldn't understand, her power of one blow was obviously 100 million stars higher, why didn't Qin Feng vomit blood!

Not to mention vomiting blood now, not even a trace of unsteady breath.

It seems that her sword did no harm to Qin Feng at all!

Yaotai Xuannv didn't know that Qin Feng mastered the avenues of immortality and bloodlines!

Those are two innate avenues!

With the blessing of the two innate avenues, Qin Feng's body is extremely powerful!

Even if Yaotai Xuannv's attack was 100 million stars stronger than him, she would never hurt him at all!

Unless Yaotai Xuannv's attack can be more than 200 million stars stronger than him, Qin Feng's body can be hurt!

"I really didn't expect that your physical defense is so strong that you didn't get hurt! This fairy would like to take a look. How many face-to-faces can you insist on?"

huh~!

As soon as the words fell, Yaotai Xuannv stepped out, and instantly came to Qin Feng, and slashed at Qin Feng again!

She didn't believe that this human could still catch her second sword!

Qin Feng also quickly raised his sword to fight!

When~~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

Qin Feng was bombarded thousands of feet away again!

But in the next breath, he stabilized his body and remained unscathed!

Xuannu is furious!

Chase away again!

Qin Feng also took the initiative to fight!

The two sides are fighting together!

When~! When~! When~!

Suddenly, gold and iron symphony! The starry sky shakes!

The killing in the field was dark and dark, the sun and the moon were annihilated, as if the universe was about to be shattered!

After a quarter of an hour, the two sides had more than 700 face-to-face encounters!

Qin Feng is still unscathed!

Yaotai Xuannv was horrified in her heart!

It was only then that she discovered to her horror that this superhuman attack is not only durable, but also extremely powerful in physical defense!

His attack was obviously weak, but he couldn't hurt him from the air!

If she keeps fighting like this, she can't kill this human at all!

When~~!

Another sound of gold and iron!

The two fought against each other again, and Qin Feng was blown away again!

This time, Yaotai Xuannv did not chase after her, but hovered over the starry sky with a complicated expression.

After Qin Feng stabilized her figure, she spoke slowly.

"Human! You wait for this fairy! When this fairy realizes that great power, I will come to take your dog's life!"

huh~!

As soon as the voice fell, she turned into a white light and flew to the Lingxiao Palace on the side!

In the blink of an eye, she entered the temple and disappeared!

Qin Feng was stunned!

He didn't expect that this mysterious girl would give up halfway, and instead went to retreat to realize the supernatural powers.

Thinking about it too, although this woman has all the advantages, but she can't hurt him, she must be very helpless.

In order to deal with him, the woman had to change her strategy!

Seeing the back of Yaotai Xuannv leaving, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, feeling a little fortunate!

Fortunately, he attacked Our Lady of Yaotai before, causing her strength to plummet by 200 million stars!

If Our Lady of Yaotai hadn't been seriously injured, after they were combined, their strength would definitely be more than 700 million stars, I'm afraid it could reach 800 million stars!

In that case, he would have been severely injured by Yaotai Xuannv.

In addition, the duration of his Four Prison Suppression is also limited, currently it can only last for 20 minutes.

Fortunately, the Holy Maiden of Yaotai got impatient, so the battle was interrupted!

If the two sides fight for another five minutes, Qin Feng will be exposed!

"Fortunately, it's safe now! Next, what should I do?"

Qin Feng stared blankly at Lingxiao Palace, a little helpless!

Yaotai Xuannv is stronger than him, she can leave if she wants to, and come when she wants to, he has no choice.

What's more, Lingxiao Hall is protected by the Zhenwu soap carving flag, and he can't break the protection!

That Zhenwu soap carving flag was displayed by Yaotai Xuannv, and its defensive power is extremely terrifying.

"Could it be that I can only watch the woman retreat and wait until she realizes her supernatural powers, and then come out to kill me?! What's the difference between that and waiting for death?"

Qin Feng frowned!

Then, he looked at the starry sky billions of miles away.

There is a door of light there, which is the exit to the outside.

If he wants to survive, it is best to take this opportunity to escape this secret realm!

But as long as he leaves this secret realm, he will no longer be able to enter, and then he will not be able to complete the mission of the 'Heaven Punishment Array'.

That 'star map secret order' is a consumable!

The moment he came in, it was consumed.

There is no second 'star map secret order' in his hand, so after going out, he can't come in again.

no!

He can't miss this mission opportunity!

Of course, he can't wait to die!

what! correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the surrounding spirit flowers, spirit grass, and spirit fruits.

These are all top-quality spiritual plants, and there are nine good-fortune-level spiritual plants among them!

Now Yaotai Xuannv is not there, just no one bothers his devouring.

That being the case, he took advantage of the woman's absence and devoured all these spiritual plants...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.