Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, he pinched the seal and started to devour the spiritual plant.

At the same time, in the depths of Lingxiao Temple, a secret room.

The Xuannv of Yaotai has been divided into two parts and turned into the Virgin of Yaotai and the Xuannv of Jiutian.

This 863 epoch, inside the secret room.

Jiutian Xuannv sat cross-legged, just about to realize the supernatural powers of the Dao!

That was her last trump card to kill Qin Feng!

But the Virgin of Yaotai hesitated: "Xuannv! If we just left the little thief outside, will he take the opportunity to escape?"

Jiutian Xuannv sneered: "He can't escape! According to the rules of heaven, as long as he enters this secret realm and does not share life and death with us, he will not be able to get out of this secret realm. For this, I'm afraid that little thief still doesn't know!"

Our Lady of Yaotai's eyes lit up: "Yes! I almost forgot about this one! However, will he spoil those spiritual plants while we are not around? Those are all top-grade spiritual plants, and many of them are of the fortune-telling level. what!"

Speaking of which, Our Lady of Yaotai was a little worried.

Jiutian Xuannv is only in charge of cultivation!

Those spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits were all cultivated by her.

If she was spoiled by Qin Feng like this, she would be extremely distressed.

Jiutian Xuannv didn't take it seriously and said, "Don't worry! He will pick it up at most, and he is not willing to waste those spiritual plants. But he can't get out of this secret realm, even if he picks more, it will be useless!"

"As long as we kill him afterwards, won't all the spiritual plant treasures be recovered? What's more, that little thief is clearly in the False God realm, but his strength is so strong, and he must have a lot of treasures on his body!"

"As long as we can kill him, then we can get all his treasures, the benefits will be unimaginable!"

Our Lady of Yaotai's eyes lit up: "Yes! By the way, then you say, will the little thief take advantage of this time to refine some spiritual plants?"

The corners of Jiutian Xuannv's mouth twitched slightly: "At most half an hour, I will be able to comprehend that Dao supernatural power! In such a short period of time, that little thief can't refine a few spiritual plants! We won't lose much."

Hearing this, Mother Yaotai finally breathed a sigh of relief.

At this time, Jiutian Xuannv smiled again: "Okay! I'm about to realize the supernatural powers, so hurry up and heal! When I realize the supernatural powers, we will go out and destroy that little thief!"

"Hmm! That's how it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, the two women smiled at each other and began to retreat.

They don't know that Qin Feng has a special magical power, that is, Lingzhi Devouring!

At this moment, Qin Feng has turned into a human-shaped black hole, madly devouring those spiritual plants

Chapter 905: The Great Way! One punch!

At this moment, outside Lingxiao Palace!

The floating continent has been completely enveloped by Qin Feng's devouring power!

Countless spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits are rapidly withering away at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Thousands of spiritual roots are pouring into Qin Feng's body frantically...

Tiandao's reminders keep coming...

【Swallowing success! You devoured the origin of the nine-leaf Ganoderma lucidum (fortune-telling grade), and gained the rhythm perception of the 'Eternal Life Avenue'...]

【Swallowing success! You devoured the origin of the Vajra Bodhi seed (fortune-telling grade) and gained the rhythm perception of the "Golden Road"...]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, not only did Qin Feng's momentum skyrocket, but he also had a new power of Dao rhyme, and his strength was getting stronger and stronger!

He was in a good mood and closed his eyes involuntarily, swallowing it with all his strength...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed!

Qin Feng hasn't swallowed it yet!

The resources on the land are too rich!

Even with Qin Feng's devouring speed, it cannot be swallowed in a quarter of an hour...

You know, he used to devour an area, and he could finish it in three minutes!

It can be seen that Qin Feng has really encountered a super treasure this time!

Time passed by every second!

At the same time, in the depths of Lingxiao Hall.

In that secret room, Our Lady of Yaotai was sitting cross-legged on a white futon with her eyes slightly closed.

She is refining a divine pill that restores her soul.

Suddenly, her long eyelashes trembled, and she slowly opened her eyes.

When she opened her eyes, the complexion on her face improved a lot, and her eyes also showed joy.

It turned out that she finally refined a healing pill, her soul body recovered a point, and her combat power increased by 10,000 stars.

This change makes her very satisfied!

Then, she turned her head to Jiutian Xuannv beside her!

I saw Jiutian Xuannv's eyes slightly closed, her body exuding colorful divine light, and her aura was constantly getting stronger...

Seeing this scene, there was a look of anticipation in her eyes.

As the body of a good corpse, she also has telepathy with Jiutian Xuannv.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

She could sense that as long as another quarter of an hour passed, Jiutian Xuannv would be able to fully realize the supernatural power of that great avenue!

As soon as that magical power comes out, their attack can definitely exceed 1.4 trillion stars, and they can even compete with the half-step eternal threshold-level power!

Of course, only against the half-step eternal power of men!

That great avenue magical power is a bit special!

In short, as soon as the supernatural power comes out, the little thief outside will surely die!

correct!

It's been a quarter of an hour, and I don't know how many spiritual plants the little thief ruined?

Thinking of this, Our Lady of Yaotai looked outside with some pain...

pity!

She can't see what's going on outside!

In order to prevent Qin Feng from disturbing their retreat, Jiutian Xuannv activated the protection of the temple, isolating the detection of divine consciousness.

This makes the Virgin of Yaotai unable to see the outside situation!

That's it!

Just a quarter of an hour!

It is estimated that the little thief could not even refine a single spiritual plant!

I'll hurry up and recover from the injury!

After the Virgin of Yaotai muttered in her heart, she took out a red divine pill and swallowed it.

Then, she closed her eyes and continued to heal...

She didn't know that Qin Feng had been harvesting wildly outside!

What she has to lose is not just one spiritual plant, but all the spiritual plants!

When she knows the truth, I'm afraid she will explode on the spot...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed!

Qin Feng's devouring finally ended.

At this moment, all the black light on his body faded away, revealing his true body.

Then he slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of ecstasy.

With just this devouring, he actually skyrocketed his combat power to 27.3 billion stars, and his basic combat power rose to 197.3 billion stars in one fell swoop!

His strength has been turned upside down!

"I actually increased my combat power by 27.3 billion! This harvest is really good~"!"

Qin Feng looked around with satisfaction!

I saw that all the spiritual plants around were withered, and they were dead, and there was no trace of vitality. It was extremely desolate!

It seems that he did not miss anything!

Qin Feng smiled proudly, and his eyes fell on the Sendai mirror not far away.

And this wonder of heaven and earth, he can also recognize the master!

With this in mind, he walked towards the Sendai Mirror...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, there was another earth-shattering roar in the sea of ​​​​knowledge...

One after another, the power of the new Dao came out from his body...

[Congratulations on awakening Houtian Avenue - Eternal Life Avenue, you have received 200 million star power blessings]

[Congratulations on awakening the Houtian Avenue—Tangling Avenue, you have obtained 170 million star power blessings]

[Congratulations on your awakening of the Avenue of the Day After Tomorrow—The Avenue of Gold, you have received 150 million star power blessings]

…

Boom~Long~Long~!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng awakened 9 new acquired avenues!

His chaotic space was also strengthened by 9 avenues, and it expanded outward again...

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 202.2 billion stars in one fell swoop!

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

"It's improved again! I wonder if the woman will be so angry that she wants to vomit blood after she comes out?"

Qin Feng smiled and continued to walk towards Sendai Mirror...

He has to hurry up and get the treasure away.

Soon, he walked to the Sendai Mirror, directly broke his fingers and coagulated, and a drop of blood essence popped out at the Sendai Mirror!

Pa~!

The blood essence dripped on the white jade-like mirror surface, and it was completely absorbed at a speed visible to the naked eye!

hum~~!

In the next second, the entire Sendai Mirror trembled violently and lit up with a dazzling red light!

Qin Feng also instantly had telepathy with Sendai Jing!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! You have obtained the recognition of Sendai Mirror (fortune-telling grade)! 】

[Congratulations for obtaining 1% Dao Rhyme of Illusion Avenue from the "Sendai Mirror", you have obtained 130 million star combat power]

[Congratulations on obtaining 1% Dao Yun of Mirror Avenue from ‘Sendai Mirror’, you have obtained 170 million star combat power]

[Congratulations on your awakening of Houtian Avenue - Illusion Avenue, you have received 190 million star power blessings]

[Congratulations on awakening Houtian Avenue - Mirror Avenue, you have received 210 million star power blessings]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!