Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed again, and there were two more avenues on his body...

He was instantly amazed!

The recognition of the master this time was also very smooth!

As if it was prepared for him!

After a while, the recognition of the Lord is complete!

Qin Feng's strength has soared, and he has awakened a new supernatural power - Mirror Shadow Clone!

Immediately afterwards, he made a random move, and the Sendai Mirror turned into a white light and disappeared!

The field immediately became empty, leaving only a huge dirt pit!

At this point, the audience was completely looted by Qin Feng, leaving only the Lingxiao Palace and the land transformed by Jiutian Xiyuan.

Such a scene is definitely something Yaotai Virgin and Jiutian Xuannv never expected!

What they would never have thought was that the Sendai Mirror, which even they could not recognize as the master, was taken away by Qin Feng.

Looking at the empty surroundings, Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction!

At this moment, a large amount of backfeeding power came from his chaotic space...

[Your Sendai mirror and Yaochi are automatically merging...]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations on your acquisition of the peak-level blessed land of good fortune—Yaochi Wonderland! 】

[Your 'Yaochi Wonderland' automatically awakens to Houtian Avenue - Xianling Avenue! 】

[Your Chaos Space has been blessed with the power of the Illusionary Avenue from the ‘Yaochi Wonderland’…]

[Your Chaos Space has been blessed by the power of the Mirror Avenue from the ‘Yaochi Wonderland’…]

[Your chaotic space has been blessed by the power of the Spirit Transformation Dao from the ‘Yaochi Wonderland’…]

[You automatically get 1% Dao Rhythm perception of ‘Xianling Avenue’ from ‘Yaochi Wonderland’, and your combat power increases by +200 million stars…]

[Congratulations on your awakening of Houtian Avenue—Xianling Avenue, you have been blessed with 260 million star combat power...]

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

He didn't expect that after the fusion of Sendai Mirror and Jade Pond, not only did he get the 'Jade Pond Wonderland', but he also automatically awakened a new avenue-Xianling Avenue!

This is the top ten acquired avenues!

Having said that, Yaochi Wonderland already has four avenues of creation, fairy spirit, illusion, and mirror image.

This is a very strong existence in the blessed land of the peak of good fortune!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart!

Before he could finish being happy, he knew the jade plate of good fortune in the sea, and it was automatically activated again...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Avenue of Eternal Life' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'winding avenue' of your perception, and you have obtained the permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

...

In a blink of an eye, the jade plate of good fortune automatically recorded the twelve avenues of new insights.

So far, the number of avenues that Qin Feng has mastered has reached 84!

His basic combat power also reached 207.3 billion stars in one fell swoop!

"."Hoo~! The combat power has reached 207.3 billion! I wonder if such a combat power can resist the magical power of that woman?"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and looked up at Lingxiao Hall not far away.

He is extremely satisfied with his progress!

The only thing that worries him is how much progress Yaotai Xuannv will make?

If it is true as the woman said, as long as she awakens the Dao supernatural power, she can take his life, then it is really dangerous!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is a little worried again!

No matter what, it's never wrong to be prepared first.

Thinking of this, he quickly waved his hand, and with a flash of white light in front of him, there was an extra golden armor!

[Golden Heaven Armor: Innate Divine Artifact, Good Fortune Grade]

[You need to master the 'Golden Road' before you can refine it]

[Reminder: After refining, you can get 200 million star divine power back! 】ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It turned out to be the Golden Heaven God Armor!

Qin Feng has awakened the Golden Way, so he naturally wants to refine this 'Golden Heaven God Armor', and then integrate it into the "Nine Transformations God Armor".

Thinking of this, Qin Feng summoned the 'Nine Transformations Divine Armor' and started a new operation...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, five minutes passed.

In Lingxiao Hall, there was finally a new change.

Right now, in that secret room!

Our Lady of Yaotai opened her eyes again from the retreat, with a happy expression on her face.

She has refined the second divine pill, her combat power has returned to 10,000 stars, and her complexion has gotten better.

In fact, the 10,000-star combat power increase, for an existence like her, it is almost impossible to see any change.

After all, her combat power is 300 million stars, in units of 100 million!

However, such an improvement shows that everything is developing in a good direction...

Om ~ rain!

At this moment, Jiutian Xuannv next to her suddenly burst into silver light, and her momentum skyrocketed!

The Virgin of Yaotai was alarmed and hurriedly looked at her!

The next second, Jiutian Xuannv slowly opened her eyes, her eyes full of joy.

She finally realized her supernatural powers! .

Chapter 906 Create the universe! The Taoist was born!

"How's it going?"

Seeing Jiutian Xuannv open her eyes, Our Lady of Yaotai hurriedly asked, with a very concerned expression!

Jiutian Xuannv smiled proudly: "Supernatural power has been accomplished!"

Our Lady of Yaotai was overjoyed: "That's great! Then let's go and kill that little thief!"

Jiutian Xuannv smiled and nodded, "That's how it should be!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two women merged into one, and Yaotai Xuannv appeared!

Her combat power is still 700 million stars!

However, she has more confidence!

In her opinion, as soon as the supernatural power comes out this time, she will definitely be able to kill Qin Feng with one punch!

At the moment, she slowly got up and walked straight to the secret room...

At the same moment, outside Lingxiao Temple.

Qin Feng is looking at the **** armor in front of him with joy!

I saw that **** armor, emitting ten auras, and the imposing manner was extraordinary!

[Ten Transformations Divine Armor: Fortune-level, innate artifact, can feed back 2 billion star combat power]

The 2 billion star combat power feeds back! ,

The power of the ten-transformation divine armor is comparable to the peak level of creation.

I saw that Qin Feng awakened the two avenues of water and fire again, and he could condense the Pantian God Armor.

Having said that, his pet Gonggong Spirit Egg and Zhu Rong Spirit Egg have begun to hatch.

This is somewhat unexpected to Qin Feng!

He originally thought that Houtu Ling eggs and Tian Wu Ling eggs would hatch first.

Now it seems that Gonggong and Zhu Rong should hatch first!

After Gonggong and Zhu Rong hatch, he will be able to obtain the Dao of Water and Fire from the two little guys through faith sharing.

At that time, the Pantian Divine Armor will be able to condense!

"Hey! This is..."

Qin Feng seemed to sense something, and suddenly looked up in the direction of Lingxiao Palace.

It turned out that he sensed it, and there was a rapid breaking sound from the temple!

"Could it be that the woman is coming out?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's expression changed slightly, and he did not dare to neglect

Click~! Ka~863! Click~!

In the next second, he put on the Ten Transformation Divine Armor and the Sword of Execution, and completed the integration of human and machine!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, six golden lights lit up on his body!

Combat sacrifice! Done in an instant!

His combat power has reached 275.4 billion stars!

The battle power of the six people in Dijiang sacrificed is actually much more than before!

Obviously, the strength of the six Dijiang people has greatly improved.

Qin Feng is quite happy!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, he displayed the golden body of the law, turned into a giant of ten thousand feet, and stood above the temple!

His combat power has reached about 413 billion stars!

Having said that, the Seven Killing Divine Physique is not complete, nor can it be superimposed with the Six Prison Suppression.

Otherwise, Qin Feng would have used the Seven Killing Divine Body a long time ago.

In terms of the increase in combat power, the Seven Killing Divine Body is stronger than the Dharma Phase Golden Body.

However, Qin Feng is very satisfied with his current state.

After the transformation was completed, he breathed a sigh of relief!

huh~!

At this moment, at the exit of the temple, a white light flashed.

Yaotai Xuannv escaped from the temple with a happy face, and then looked around the temple!

Seeing this, the smile on her face suddenly froze, and her eyes widened even more!

What caught her eye was no longer the colorful spiritual flowers and spiritual grass, but a piece of bare yellow land and the remains of dead spiritual plants all over the ground!

This time, she was completely dumbfounded!

She couldn't believe her eyes at all!

When she saw that the place where the Sendai Mirror was originally placed, there was only a huge dirt pit left, and her blood suddenly surged up, her chest felt stuffy, and she almost spurted blood on the spot!

At this moment, when she saw Qin Feng standing in the air, she was furious.

"Little thief! Return my treasure!"

Boom~!