Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

With a roar, Yaotai Xuannv came to Qin Feng to kill!

Qin Feng didn't dare to neglect, he quickly activated the power of Qi in his whole body, his momentum suddenly soared, and instantly increased to 4.3 billion stars!

Om~! Om~!

Immediately after that, the illusions of the four worlds, including the heaven, the ghost world, the human world, and the hell, appeared in succession behind him!

The Four Hells! Instant turn on!

Swish~!

The next second, Qin Feng took the lead with a sword and slashed towards Yaotai Xia Nv!

In the face of this terrifying woman, he didn't dare to be careless, and naturally he had to seize the opportunity step by step!

hum~~!

The sword was slashed, and the light of the Eighty-Fourth Avenue lit up in the sword glow!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever its sword edge passes, time and space stagnate, and the starry sky is shattered!

The power of that sword increased by 120%, and it was infinitely close to 9.5 billion stars!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

what! This is…

Yaotai Xuannv instantly sensed the change in the power of that sword, and she suddenly showed a look of astonishment.

It's only been half an hour, and the attack power of this little thief has increased by 1.5 billion stars!

How could this be? !

Could it be that his little thief also awakened a magical power?

Yaotai Xuannv felt puzzled!

But in the next breath, her eyes showed disdain!

Even if this little thief awakened a new supernatural power, it would not be able to resist her just awakened avenue supernatural power!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's sword came to the front!

That sky-penetrating sword light slashed down, and it was about to split Yaotai Xuannv in half!

"Little thief! Take a punch from this fairy!"

Boom~!

It was at this moment that Yaotai Xuannv shot!

I saw her punching out!

The punch slammed away, and his fist lit up with a dazzling silver light, like a bright moon, and the divine light filled the sky!

Wherever his fist style passes, all Taos retreat, and the universe is locked!

With a radius of hundreds of millions of miles, the Dao obeys its orders, and the laws obey its mobilization!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, the punch was crushed, and the momentum enveloped Qin Feng's whole body, and the power suddenly reached 1.4 trillion stars!

"This is…."

Qin Feng's face was pale in an instant!

He never thought that the power of this woman's punch would be so terrifying!

With his current combat power, he couldn't resist it at all.

I'm afraid that with one punch, he will be severely injured even if he doesn't die!

But at this moment, it was too late for him to dodge, so he could only resist.

But if you resist, it will only be a dead end!

At the same moment, Yaotai Xuannv's eyes showed excitement!

She studied the Dao magic power for millions of years, and finally succeeded!

This power makes her extremely satisfied!

She also firmly believes that this punch will definitely blast Qin Feng!

Thinking of this, she had a hideous expression on her face, and the bombardment speed of that punch also accelerated a lot!

She wants to completely kill this hateful little thief to slag, in order to explode the revenge of losing the treasure!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

huh~!

I saw a white light flashing on Qin Feng's body, and a figure exactly like him was copied out in an instant, and he also met the punch with a sword!

That is Qin Feng's newly awakened supernatural power - the mirror image clone!

[Mirror Clone: ​​Copy a clone of the same state from yourself for 3 seconds and cool down for 10 minutes]

At that moment, Qin Feng and the mirror shadow clone faced the attack of the punch at the same time!

Two 9.5 billion star combat power, against a punch of 1.4 trillion star!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Ka~cha~!

A loud bang!

The starry sky is bursting!

The mirror shadow clone was blasted on the spot and turned into starlight!

Qin Feng screamed even more, and was punched and vomited blood and flew out!

After tumbling for tens of thousands of miles, he barely stabilized his figure!

At this time, his whole body was already cracked, and even his face was cracked with countless cracks, densely packed, blood infiltrated, dyed his face red, and also dyed his whole body, bloody!

At this moment, his whole person is like cracked porcelain, and it will shatter when touched!

In fact, Qin Feng has reached the brink of exploding!

If Yaotai Xuannv's attack is stronger by 10 million stars, he will definitely be able to blast him with one punch.

By then, his situation will be extremely dangerous!

But it was said that Qin Feng could endure the severe pain all over his body as soon as he stabilized his body, urging the avenue of life, the avenue of immortality, and the avenue of blood!

Suddenly, a blue light lit up on his body, and the injuries on his body healed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In just a few seconds, his injuries were completely healed, and he was back at his peak again.

"Hey! He recovered so quickly!"

At this moment, a cold voice sounded above his head!

Yaotai Xuannv is here!

Qin Feng looked up in horror, and saw that Yaotai Xuannv had reached the front...

At this moment, Yaotai Xuannv is looking at Qin Feng with a look of surprise!

"Tsk tsk! Little thief! I didn't expect it! You have mastered the avenue of life, the avenue of immortality, and the avenue of blood at the same time. Especially the avenue of immortality and the avenue of blood, they are all congenital avenues!"

Speaking of this, Yaotai Xuannv was full of emotion, and her tone showed envy.

After all, out of the thirty avenues she has learned, only one is the congenital avenue!

Hearing the woman's words, Qin Feng was silent, but his expression was extremely serious.

The punch just now made him terrified!

At this time, Yaotai Xuannv sneered again: "However, even if you master the three avenues, it can't save you! The reason why you were able to block that punch just now was because of the help of the mirror image clone!"

"But your mirror avatar has been destroyed, and the cooldown time of magical powers is ten minutes. Then, how can I catch the next punch?"

Hearing this, Qin Feng's face changed slightly!

Yaotai Xuannv even squeezed her fingers into fists and was about to shoot again.

At this moment, Qin Feng's voice sounded in the field.

"Fellow Daoist, can you tell me what kind of Dao magic power you are using?"

Up to now, Qin Feng still hasn't figured out why the opponent's punch is so strong.

Yaotai Xuannv sneered: "Do you want to delay time?"

Qin Feng is embarrassed!

He did have this idea.

At this time, Yaotai Xuannv sneered again: "It's okay to tell you! I'll let you die today! This fairy just used the fist of women's way!"

"The Fist of the Dao of Women? Is there a Dao of Women in the Three Thousand Avenues?"

Qin Feng was full of doubts.

Yaotai Xuannv sneered: "I know you will be confused! Among the three thousand avenues, there is the innate yin and yang avenue, as well as the acquired yang avenue and the acquired yin avenue!"

"The Avenue of the Sun represents the scorching sun, the masculinity, the light, the man, and the male!"

"What does the avenue of yin represent, you must know?"

Qin Feng couldn't help nodding: "The Avenue of Yin represents Haoyue, represents yin, represents darkness, represents femininity!"

Yaotai Xuannv smiled slightly: "That's right! The Avenue of Yang has always been referred to as the Dao of Yang. What should the Dao of Yin be referred to?"

"It should be referred to as Yin... um!"

Halfway through, Qin Feng quickly shut up!

Yaotai Xuannv sneered: "You also know it's indecent, so it's hard to say it. That's why I renamed it the Nun Dao! This fairy has studied this avenue for millions of years, and it was only on this Dao that she developed Dao-level magical powers! "

"This fairy named it the Fist of Women's Dao! This boxing technique is not powerful for female cultivators, but it can do double damage to male cultivators. It is the nemesis of male cultivators!"

"Okay! Now it's time to send you on the road! Little thief! Another punch from this fairy!"

Boom~!

As soon as those words fell, Yaotai Xuannv threw a terrifying punch again! .

Chapter 907 Hundreds of billions of feedback! A turnaround!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At that moment, Yaotai Xuannv's fist once again lit up with a dazzling silver light, just like a bright moon in the sky, divine light filled the sky!

His fists swept down from the sky and blasted towards Qin Feng!

Qin Feng suddenly felt the terrifying momentum of 1.4 trillion and came to him!

He was horrified!

At this moment, his 'mirror clone' magical power is in a cooling state, unable to assist in the shot.

In this way, he can only resist this punch alone!

With his current strength, if he resists alone, he will definitely be blasted on the spot, and may even be killed by a punch!

Thinking of this, how could Qin Feng dare to take that punch? !

As soon as his mind moved, he wanted to teleport out.

Om~!

A burst of light came on!

The space avenue on Qin Feng's body is instantly activated!

But in the next breath, he still stayed where he was, and did not teleport out.

He was stunned for a moment!