Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

But that terrifying punch was getting closer and closer, and it was constantly magnifying in front of his eyes!

If he doesn't avoid it, he will surely die!

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched another seal and activated the skill - time backwards!

hum~~!

Skill activated successfully!

Instantly blessed Yaotai Xuannv!

But in the next breath, Yaotai Xuannv was not affected in the slightest!

All around is business as usual, and there is no time backward phenomenon!

Boom~Long~Long~!

On the contrary, Yaotai Xuannv's punch was getting closer and closer to him!

The imposing manner of destroying the sky and destroying the earth is about to be crushed and smashed into slag!

Qin Feng was extremely frightened!

How could this be?

Space and time skills are ineffective!

correct!

And time and space skills!

At that moment, Qin Feng moved the seal again and activated the time and space skills!

But in the next breath, he found that it was still invalid!

And Yaotai Xuannv's punch is approaching!

Qin Feng was shocked and angry!

At this moment, he wanted to escape but couldn't escape, and he couldn't bear the confrontation. Did he really want to be punched and killed by this woman?

At the same moment, Yaotai Xuannv was extremely proud!

Qin Feng's anxious and frightened appearance all fell into her eyes, which made her extremely proud.

Everything is as she expected!

Under the shroud of the divine power of her female Taoist fist, with a radius of hundreds of millions of miles, the avenue obeys its orders, and the laws obey its movements!

Wherever his fist style passes, all Taos retreat, and the universe is locked!

In other words, all Dao laws and Dao skills cannot shake her punch!

It seems to be a punch from outside the sky, as if it can surpass the three thousand avenues, and is not restrained by the rules of the world's avenues!

To put it bluntly, that is to put aside the facts and kill you with one punch!

This is the dominance of the Fist of Women's Way!

It is also the ultimate nightmare for all male monks!

Therefore, Qin Feng's time, space, time and space and other laws and skills are all invalid.

If he wants to shake his prestige, he can only have supernatural powers against supernatural powers!

Only by comprehending the same Dao supernatural power can it shake its prestige and reverse the situation!

pity!

Although Qin Feng has many magical powers, none of them have reached the perfection level of the Great Dao!

His time and space skills are still in the stage of law skills, and he has not even reached the level of supernatural powers, so he is even more unable to shake the power of that punch!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just this breath, that terrifying punch was approaching!

Qin Feng's Qi machine was completely locked, and he couldn't escape at all.

At this moment, he felt a sense of powerlessness in his heart...

Yaotai Xuannv is excited!

In her opinion, a punch of her millions of years of skill will definitely kill this little thief!

The revenge of the lost treasure is about to be avenged!

Thinking of this, the ruthlessness in her eyes became more and more fierce!

The bombardment speed of that punch was even faster!

Boom~Long~Long~!

That punch was murderous and mighty, and it was about to fall!

Qin Feng is extremely helpless!

If it were someone else, I would have been desperate!

But Qin Feng's heart is to fight to the death!

Even if it is death, he has to make a final struggle!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to take a shot and fight the punch head-on...

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

Om~!

Suddenly, an incomparably majestic Dao power emanated from Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness, and instantly poured into his body...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed wildly, and the blood in his whole body boiled instantly...

Tiandao also sent a reminder at the same time...

[Congratulations for refining Vientiane Daojing (Xiantian), you have obtained 1% Daoyun perception of Vientiane Avenue, and the combat power has increased +280 million stars]

[Congratulations on awakening the Innate Way—the Way of Vientiane! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +360 million stars]ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

[Your chaotic space has been successfully integrated with Vientiane Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive +360 million stars from the power of heaven and earth]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked!

He actually awakened the eleventh innate avenue at this moment!

For the chaotic space, it has the twelfth innate avenue, because the chaotic space has an additional avenue of cause and effect!

This thought came to me, and in the chaotic space, there was an earth-shattering roar.

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[It is detected that your chaotic space already possesses twelve kinds of innate avenues of power, which meet the criteria for creating a cosmic center...]

[Your chaotic space is opening up...]

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, there was a cracking sound from that chaotic space!

That is the outer wall of the chaotic space, cracking every inch!

If you want to make the universe chaotic, you must break through and stand up!

Click~! chah~!

Another loud bang!

It came from the depths of the sea of ​​​​knowledge!

The chaotic space was like a cosmic explosion, and the surrounding walls suddenly burst, and then expanded wildly around, opening up infinite growth, and making an earth-shattering roar...

Tiandao also sent a reminder at the same time...

【Development is successful! Your chaotic space has been split into the center of the universe! 】

[Congratulations on having a personal universe, you will permanently receive 500 million stars in the power of the universe! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the monstrous power of the universe came out from the sea of ​​​​knowledge and instantly poured into Qin Feng's body...

It made him ecstatic!

At this moment, he has opened up his own universe center and has his own small universe!

The 'power of heaven and earth' backfeeding has also become the 'power of the universe' backfeeding, which has undergone essential changes!

What surprised him even more was that the power of the universe reached 500 million stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's basic combat power soared to 258.3 billion stars!

At this moment, Yaotai Xuannv's punch had already landed, just above Qin Feng's head, and she was about to kill Qin Feng in one fell swoop!

Swish~!

Qin Feng immediately shot!

I saw him throw a sword, and he slashed at that punch!

hum~~!

That sword was slashed, and eighty-four great avenues of aura lit up in the sword glow!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever its sword edge passes, time and space stagnate, and the starry sky is shattered!

It can be said that the sword sweeps the six together, killing the eight wastes!

The power of that sword has reached 1.11 trillion stars at this moment, which is extremely terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

Starry sky! All cracked!

Qin Feng screamed and was blown away by a punch again, vomiting blood and rolled out!

·

This time, he rolled tens of thousands of miles before he stabilized his body!

Just like last time, his whole body was cracked, blood seeped out from the cracks, dyed the red armor, bloody!

This time, it was almost exploded again!

The injury is the same as last time! !

Yaotai Xuannv opened her eyes in astonishment!

"Catch it! You actually caught the punch of this fairy's millions of years of skill!"

Her tone revealed incomparable shock!

She originally thought that Qin Feng would die without the help of the "Mirror Shadow Clone".

Unexpectedly, this little thief actually blocked her second punch!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with the three avenues of life, immortality, and blood!

The injury on his body is recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye, and his momentum is slowly improving!

"Damn!"

Seeing this scene, Yaotai Xuannv finally became anxious, no longer calm before!

She can't wait for Qin Feng to recover from her injury!

Otherwise, her next punch will still not hurt Qin Feng!