Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

She must give Qin Feng another punch before he recovers from his injury, so that he can explode!

huh~!

Thinking of this, Yaotai Xuannv took a step forward and teleported to the sky above Qin Feng's head!

"Little thief! Another punch from this fairy!"

Boom~!

As soon as they arrived, Yaotai Xuannv threw a punch and smashed away!

This is her third punch!

In the blink of an eye, the punch hit Qin Feng's front...

Qin Feng's complexion changed greatly!

His injuries only recovered to about 90%, and his basic combat power only recovered to 2.3 billion stars!

In the face of this punch, he couldn't take it at all!

Not to mention 2.3 billion stars, even if he reaches 258.3 billion stars, he can only barely hold it, so that his body does not explode!

Now Yaotai Xuannv is chasing after him, obviously wanting to take advantage of his illness to kill him!

With his current combat power, he really can't bear it, I'm afraid that he will be bombarded by fate!

Damn it!

Qin Feng roared inwardly and was unwilling, his whole body was still flashing with blue light, and he was speeding up his recovery!

Until the last moment, he will never give up!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The punch of the tyrannical world is constantly enlarged in front of Qin Feng's eyes!

The terrifying fist power completely locked his Qi machine, making him unavoidable!

Yaotai Xuannv's expression has become crazy!

This time, she must kill this little thief!

Otherwise, you will be in big trouble next time!

And the speed of Qin Feng's injury recovery obviously can't keep up with the speed of the attack!

He has no time to hesitate!

With this clenching of teeth, we are about to attack...

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

A majestic aura of the Great Dao emanated from the center of his own small universe and poured into his whole body!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: Your Pantian Divine Axe (Peak of Fortune) has been fully integrated with the mysterious and yellow energy of heaven and earth, and has been automatically promoted to the weapon of the avenue! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Awakened the avenue of dryness automatically! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Avenue of Kun! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the road of Kanzhi! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Avenue of Leaving! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Dao of Gen! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Duizhi Avenue is automatically awakened! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the avenue of shock! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Awakened Sunda Avenue automatically! 】

[Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the road to the ground! 】

With this reminder, Qin Feng was shocked and ecstatic! Spoon.

Chapter 907 The Lord of the Universe! Battle pet is born!

At this time, Tiandao's prompt continued to come...

[Reminder: Pantian Divine Axe has been promoted to Pantian Dao Axe! 】

[Pantian Dao Axe: The instrument of the Dao, the only one in the universe! 】

[It contains: Gan, Kun, Kan, Li, Gen, Dui, Zhen, Xun, the establishment of the earth, the opening of the sky, the creation of the world eleven kinds of avenues]

[Reminder: Its combat power feeds back 100 million stars, and its attack increases by 10%]

Boom~!

Oh my God!

The combat power feeds back 100 million!

There is also a ten percent attack increase!

Qin Feng's eyes are shining!

He saw hope of a comeback!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he could be happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: You have obtained the 1% Dao Rhyme perception of Qianzhi Dao from the ‘Pan Tian Dao Axe’, and you will automatically awaken Qianzhi Dao…]

[Reminder: You have obtained 1% Dao rhyme perception of the Dao of Kun from the ‘Pantian Dao Axe’, and you automatically awaken the Dao of Kun…

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng got the insight of the nine avenues from the Pantian Dao Axe...

His small universe center is also simultaneously strengthened by the nine avenues!

That Nine Heavens Great Dao is Gan, Kun, Kan, Li, Gen, Dui, Zhen, Xun, and Pidi!

In the blink of an eye, he has skyrocketed 5 billion star combat power through the newly added nine avenues!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Yaotai Xuannv's punch had already hit him, almost in front of Qin Feng's face!

And Qin Feng was staring wide-eyed, standing in the same place, and even forgot to recover from the injuries on his body, he seemed to be frightened and stupid!

Seeing this scene, Yaotai Xuannv was ecstatic!

This little thief must be terrified!

With the current strength of this kid, he can't resist his fist of female Taoism at all!

So, this little thief is dead!

Yaotai Xuannv's eyes lit up with excitement, her fist speed increased again, and she smashed Qin Feng with incomparable ferocity!

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the long sword in Qin Feng's hand was suddenly replaced by a giant axe that pierced the sky, exuding endless rhythmic light, and the shocking atmosphere instantly shook the starry sky!

"Huh! That giant axe?"

Yaotai Xuannv instantly realized that the giant axe was not simple!

But without waiting for her to think about it, Qin Feng and Pan Tian Dao Axe completed the integration of human and machine, and its basic combat power instantly soared by 100 million stars!

Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, he slashed with an axe with all his strength, and met Yaotai Xuannv's punch!

Om~!

At that moment, the four illusions behind Qin Feng, the world of heaven, the world of ghosts, the region, and the world, burst into light!

The Four Prisons Suppress the Sky, instantly activate!

The attack increase has skyrocketed by 12%!

Om~!

At the same moment, Pan Tian Dao Axe also lit up Dao light!

The attack increase has increased by ten percent!

So far, the axe's attack has skyrocketed by 22%, and the momentum has suddenly reached 1.62 trillion stars, and the horror has reached the extreme!

At this moment, Yaotai Xuannv's attack finally arrived!

Blink, the two attacks collide together!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang like the sky and the earth!

Ka~cha~!

The starry sky completely exploded!

The Void Boundary Wall is shattered inch by inch!

In the next second, Yaotai Xuannv groaned, and she was smashed and flew out!

In this round, Qin Feng has the upper hand!

He was instantly ecstatic!

Soon, Yaotai Xuannv was thousands of feet away and stabilized her figure!

Her beautiful face was flushed, and her chest was even more unsteady, but it quickly calmed down!

Although she fell behind, she was not injured!

At this moment, she looked at Qin Feng in shock, with disbelief in her eyes!

She never thought that with such a domineering punch, Qin Feng could not be hurt, but instead was hurt by Qin Feng!

This is completely beyond her cognition!

However, her eyes soon fell on Pantian Dao Axe!

"Hey! That's... a device of the avenue!"

Yaotai Xuannv exclaimed!

That tone revealed endless envy!

The device of the road!

Even Eternal Realm might not necessarily have it!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

This little thief has such a weapon!

No wonder he was able to resist his own punch.

Yaotai Xuannv couldn't help swallowing her saliva, and there was a trace of greed in her eyes.

She also wants this weapon of the avenue, but unfortunately she has no way to grab it now...

Om~!

At this moment, the blue light on Qin Feng's body dissipated, and the momentum skyrocketed again!

It turned out that after he smashed Yaotai Xuannv with an axe, he took the opportunity to continue healing.

At this moment, his injuries have recovered, and his strength has returned to the peak!

As soon as he recovered, he looked up at Yaotai Xuannv!

When Yaotai Xuannv saw him, her pretty face changed, she turned around and fled towards Lingxiao Temple!

Qin Feng was stunned!