Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

How did this woman escape?

Although the axe he just smashed the Yaotai Xuannv, it did not cause any substantial damage to her.

It stands to reason that this woman can totally fight him.

She didn't even have any intention of fighting, so she turned and ran away.

Is it...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he wanted to understand something.

In the next second, his mockery sounded in the starry sky!

"Haha! The deity thought how domineering your female Taoist fist is. It turns out that there are only three punches. After those three punches, you have to show your true shape, so you have to escape!"

Yaotai Xuannv is running away!

As soon as she heard this, her face changed greatly!

Seeing this, Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Obviously, he hit the flaws in the Fist of Women's Dao, that is, the first three axes!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the moment, Qin Feng chased and killed Yaotai Xuannv!

"Demon girl! Don't run away!"

Hearing the wind blowing behind her, Yaotai Xuan Goddess became even more flustered!

However, she had already escaped to the entrance of the temple.

huh~!

I saw that she did not hesitate, and with a flash, she got into the temple!

At this moment, Qin Feng also chased to the entrance of the temple!

Om~!

But at this moment, a black mask was propped up outside the temple, emitting a dazzling aura!

Yaotai Xuannv actually activated the Zhenwu soap carving flag at this moment!

Qin Feng was annoyed, and with an axe, he slashed towards the mask!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The axe soared into the sky!

Endless light fills the world!

The axe's momentum suddenly reached 17,400 stars, stronger than the previous blow!

This is Qin Feng's peak attack power!

In the blink of an eye, the axe slashed above the mask!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The earth cracked and the temple trembled!

The mask just trembled a little, then returned to normal, and it blocked the axe with ease!

Qin Feng was stunned!

Immediately, he wanted to understand!

The Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag is the same as the plain-colored Yunjie Flag, both of which are defensive treasures at the peak level of fortune!

It is in the hands of different people, and the defense power is different.

Yaotai Xuannv's strength is much stronger than Feng Xi, she uses the defensive ability of this flag. Naturally stronger!

Sure enough, it was only when he had this idea, the proud laughter of Yaotai Xuannv came from the temple!

"Haha! Little thief! This fairy's true martial arts defense mask can withstand 2 trillion star attacks! Just relying on your attack, you want to break through it, it's a pipe dream!"Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Qin Feng also sneered: "Oh! Tangtang is half-step eternal power, but he was killed by me, a nameless soldier, and fled. He huddled in the temple and did not dare to fight! You are so embarrassed to laugh at me!"

Inside the temple, the laughter of the Yaotai Saintess immediately came out!

"Haha! Little thief! You can't fool me into fighting! This fairy admits that you are very smart! You really saw through the flaws of this fairy's magical powers!"

"Actually, it's okay to tell you! This fairy's female Taoist fist can only perform three punches in ten minutes! But the cooling of magical powers is common in the world! Don't you have no cooling time for your magical powers?"

"If this fairy guessed correctly, the four world illusions behind you are a kind of attack augmentation magical power! It will also have a time limit!"

"As soon as your supernatural power expires, this fairy will come out to fight with you again, what do you have to rely on?!"

Hearing these words, Qin Feng's face changed slightly!

This woman is right, his Four Prisons Suppressing Heaven belongs to the divine power of vocation, and it is indeed time-sensitive

If the Four Prison Suppression expires, it will take another hour to activate!

If at that time, Yaotai Xuannv came out to trouble him, he would not be able to resist!

no!

He had to kill Yaotai Xuannv before her magical powers recovered!

If he misses this time, his four prisons will be invalid, and Yaotai Xuannv will come out to kill him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was anxious, and hurriedly slashed towards the mask!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

He slashed out seven axe in a row!

A huge roar echoed in the starry sky!

The mask showed no signs of cracking!

Inside the temple, the laughter of Yaotai Xuannv was heard again!

"Haha! Little thief! Don't waste your energy! Even if you hack 10,000 times, you will never break the protective shield!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng frowned slightly, feeling anxious in his heart!

In any case, he will behead this woman.

If this demon girl is not dead, he will not be able to complete the task of killing the sword array, and he will not be able to get the Jiutianxi soil and the Zhenwu soap carving flag!

Those are two peak-level treasures of good fortune!

What's even more terrifying is that if the demon girl doesn't die, he will be killed when his magical power expires.

There is an invisible tactical duel between the two sides!

"How should this be done? With this mask's defense, even if I attack for ten minutes, I won't be able to break it!"

Qin Feng looks worried!

hum~~!

At this moment, the mutation in his sea of ​​consciousness regenerated!

That Fortune Jade Plate was automatically activated at this moment!

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the Vientiane Avenue of your perception, and your 4.7 has obtained the permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: Fortune Jade Plate…

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, the jade plate of good fortune was automatically recorded, the 10 avenues of Qin Feng's new insights!

So far, the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 94!

Before he could be happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your Fortune Jade Disc has exceeded 90, and the advanced requirements have been met, and the advanced level will be automatically activated...]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate is promoted from Tier 2 to Tier 3]

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the third-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 4%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 3rd-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the Dao Scroll is increased by 4%]

[Congratulations on obtaining the blessing of the 3rd-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of Dao Artifact, and permanently increased the combat power of 7 billion stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

This time, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed again!

After a long time, all the movement disappeared.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, full of joy.

His fortune-telling jade plate has advanced again, and its power has skyrocketed again!

So far, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 271.3 billion stars!

I don't know if such an improvement has any hope of breaking the mask?

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to take another shot...

Chapter 908: Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven! The axe splits the mysterious girl!

Boom~!

At that moment, Qin Feng's momentum erupted!

The Pantian Dao Axe and the Ten-Transformation Divine Armor are all shining brightly!

Immediately afterwards, he slashed his axe and slashed towards the mask in front of him...

At the same moment, Lingxiao Temple, the main hall hall!

Yaotai Xuannv was suspended in mid-air, looking up at the sky above the hall.

At this moment, her eyes were shining with silver light, and her eyes penetrated directly into the temple, and she saw the situation outside the temple!

When she saw Qin Feng slashing with an axe again, she couldn't help but show disdain on the ground.

At this moment, within her sea of ​​consciousness, two thoughts were talking.

That is her good thoughts and evil thoughts!

In order to break through to the Eternal Realm, she learned the supreme secret technique - cut three corpses!

As long as you cut off two corpses, you can become half-step eternity!

Cut off three corpses, you can become eternity!

At present, she has only cut off two corpses, the good corpse and the evil corpse.

Among them, the good corpse was not completely cut, making her a little short of half-step eternity.

It is because her nature is evil, and it is difficult to have good intentions, which makes it extremely difficult.

However, if Qin Feng arrives a year and a half later, she will be able to be completely defeated and become a real half-step eternity!

"This **** little thief has shot again!"

This is the voice of Yaotai Xuannv Shannian!

"Oh! It's all in vain! His axe attack is only 17,400 stars, and it's still far from breaking the mask!"

This is the voice of Yaotai Xuannv's evil thoughts, and there is disdain in her tone.

"Right! Is it possible for this little thief to increase his attack power?"

Kindness is a little worried!

Evil thoughts sneered: "If he had the means to improve his combat power, he would have used it long ago, why wait until now? Just watch it! His axe is still 17,400 stars, and it will never change! I really don't understand, Why is this little thief so stubborn?!"

Swish~!