Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the words fell, Qin Feng's axe slashed fiercely on the mask!

Bang 19~~!

Another loud bang!

The sound was far greater than any previous blow!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The mask also trembled violently!

The momentum of that axe is infinitely close to 1.8 trillion stars, which is a lot higher than the previous axe!

Yaotai Xuannu suddenly stared at the boss!

No way!

This little thief only paused for a few seconds, how could he suddenly increase his attack power so much!

There was a trace of unease in Yaotai Xuannv's eyes.

In her sea of ​​consciousness, the two major ideas were even more intensely talking.

"Oh my god! That little thief really improved his combat power!"

This is the voice of kindness!

Her tone was even more worried!

The evil thought was a little embarrassed: "How do you think that he really has the means to increase his attack! This little thief is really unfathomable! However, you see that he is frowning now, he must have run out of ways!"

With this reminder, Shan Nian found that outside the temple, Qin Feng really had a sad face...

At this moment, outside the temple.

Qin Feng really frowned and looked at the mask in front of him with a depressed expression.

His combat power has increased, but his attack power after the increase is only close to 18,000 stars, which is still one step away from breaking the mask.

"How is this good?"

Qin Feng felt urgent.

His four prison days can only last 11 minutes.

If he still can't break the protective mask within these 11 minutes, he will be killed by Yaotai Xuannv!

what! correct!

Suddenly, he thought of a new supernatural power - a mirror image clone!

According to the time calculation, in another 8 minutes, he will be able to cast the mirror image clone.

At that time, he and the mirror shadow clone will join forces to attack, and they should be able to hit 2 trillion attacks, which is expected to break through this layer of mask!

And 8 minutes later, Yaotai Xuannv's female fist magic power should still be in a cooling state!

With this calculation, he is expected to kill this demon girl!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but flash a look of joy in his eyes.

Then, he waited for the mirror image clone to cool down.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed his eyes and waited silently...

At the same time, inside the temple.

Yaotai Xuannv saw everything in her eyes.

When Qin Feng stopped attacking and closed her eyes, she suddenly became suspicious again.

And in her sea of ​​consciousness, the two big ideas were once again explained.

"Strange! Why did this little thief suddenly close his eyes? Could it be that he is brewing another conspiracy?"

Shan Nian muttered uncomfortably.

Evil thoughts sneered: "He should be helpless, he can only waste time there!"

Shan Nian was worried: "This little thief is very weird, don't be careless! By the way, you can remember that he used the mirror image clone magic power before! He is not waiting for the cooling of the magic power to end, right?"

"Huh! Very likely!"

Evil was startled.

But then, she sneered proudly: "However, if the last axe is his strongest attack, even if he summons the mirror image clone, he can't break the mask!"

Shan Nian understood: "That's right! Our mask's protection level is obviously 2.2 trillion stars, but you lied to him before that this mask is 2 trillion stars!"

"Also, the cooldown of our female fist magic power is 5 minutes, but you told him it was 10 minutes!"

Evil Nian said proudly: "This is called Bing Tire Deception! Let this little thief get wrong information, and then he will not know how he died!"

As soon as these words fell, the two major ideas both felt that a turnaround was imminent!

Yaotai Xuannu's face also showed a secret smile!

At the same time, outside the temple.

Qin Feng closed his eyes slightly and stood proudly above the hall.

He seemed to be resting and waiting, but in fact he was not idle.

It turned out that one of his thoughts had returned to the center of his own small universe.

He is very curious, what changes have occurred after his chaotic space became the center of the universe?

At this moment, at the center of the small universe, the void shook for a while!

Qin Feng's thoughts turned into a body, standing proudly between the heavens and the earth.

Then, the mind body looked around.

At this look, a happy smile appeared on his face.

I saw that the surrounding world had undergone tremendous changes!

The original chaotic space with bounded walls is gone!

The center of the entire universe, like an egg with a broken shell, is constantly extending outward, with its own sacred golden light...

Take a closer look inside the center of the universe.

The turbid air is sinking faster and faster, turning into the earth and another turbid space.

The clear air also rose faster and faster, turning into the sky and another clear space

The turbid space is located under the earth, and it is not fully bred. It should be the prototype of the future underworld.

The clear space is above the sky, and it is not fully bred. It should be the embryonic form of the future heaven.

And between heaven and earth, there is a huge world tree support!

Today, the trunk of the World Tree is 100 million zhang thick and immeasurably tall, like a pillar of heaven and earth, and like a giant mountain that lifts the sky, it is extremely majestic!

Surrounding the tree of the world, there is the fairyland of Yaochi in the east, the sea of ​​blood in the west, the sun-blessed soup pool in the south, and the Wuzhuang Temple and ginseng fruit trees in the north.

Taking a closer look, there is Fenglei Xianxian in the southeast, Huangzhongli in the northeast, Fusang tree in the southwest, and Renshuipan Taoyuan in the northwest!

The entire center of the universe has an extraordinary atmosphere, and its inner spiritual energy is a hundred times more powerful than the outside world. It is an absolute holy place for cultivation!

Looking beyond the center of the universe, there are tens of thousands of energy light clusters scattered there, all of which are extremely huge!

The size of each energy light cluster is comparable to the Blue Star Realm!

Qin Feng knew that those energy light clusters were the prototypes of future galaxies.

Every energy light cluster will evolve into a huge galaxy like the Milky Way in the future!

Therefore, those energy light clusters are also called 'galaxy embryos'!

And among the tens of thousands of galaxy embryos, there are 94 embryos that are different, and they actually have a kind of avenue halo.

There is the rhyme of space, the rhyme of time, the rhyme of killing, and the rhyme of all phenomena...

Ninety-four galaxy embryos, each with a kind of avenue halo, correspond to the 94 avenues Qin Feng awakened!

As the future master of the universe, Qin Feng naturally knows that those galaxy embryos with their own avenues of halo can be born in the future.

This is the same as the outer universe,

Among the many galaxies in the outer universe, less than one percent of the galaxies are born!

And those galaxies that gave birth to souls have their own galaxy characteristics.

For example, the Bright God Realm has the characteristics of the Avenue of Light, the Dark Demon Realm has the characteristics of the Avenue of Darkness, and the Azure Dragon Star Realm has the characteristics of the Avenue of Wood.

It seems that the ninety-four galaxy embryos with their own Taoism will evolve into large galaxies that generally exist in the Azure Dragon Star Region in the future.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of pride in his heart!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Tiandao suddenly sent a reminder...

[Task reminder: It is detected that you have created the center of the universe and have the basic conditions to become the master of the universe! 】

[Task reminder: The number of Innate Avenues you have been detected has not yet reached the promotion standard]

[The promotion conditions for the Lord of the Universe are as follows]

[If you master the twelve innate avenues, you can be promoted to the master of the primary universe]

[If you master the twenty-four innate avenues of your own 880, you can be promoted to the master of the intermediate universe]

[If you master the thirty-six innate avenues, you can be promoted to the master of the advanced universe]

[If you master the forty-eight innate avenues, you can be promoted to the top master of the universe]

[If you master the three thousand avenues yourself, you can be promoted to the ultimate master of the universe and reach perfection]

[Reminder: Every time the lord of the universe is promoted to a level, he will get unimaginable rewards and benefits]

"Hey! That's what it is!"

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was greatly surprised!

There are eleven 'Xiantian Dao' he masters now, and as long as he masters one more, he can be promoted to the true master of the universe.

By then, he will definitely have reborn progress!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is looking forward to it!

At the same time, at the center of the universe.

That mind body is also smiling.

Obviously, he was very satisfied with what was in front of him.

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and suddenly turned to look at the city lord's palace not far away.

In the next second, there was joy in his eyes.

"It's really a series of happy events! I didn't expect those two little guys to be born at this time!"

As soon as the voice fell, the mind body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in a secret room.

I saw seven spirit eggs placed in the secret room.

They are Zhurong, Gonggong, Houtu, Tianwu, Dijun, Taiyi, and Hongyun.

At this moment, the Zhu Rong and Gonggong spirit eggs were shining brightly, and countless cracks appeared on the egg shell.

Knew it!

Blessing and Gonggong are about to hatch!

Mind Body Rejoice!

He strode over quickly...

When these two little guys were born, he immediately made the two little guys become Asura messengers and Beast Dao messengers.

In this way, his body can use the six prisons to control the sky, and it will be easier to kill Yaotai demon girl.

Soon, the mind body came to Zhu Rongling egg.