Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that the red eggshell was slowly cracking, and a dazzling red light emerged from the crack!

Wave after wave of the complete aura of the avenue of fire is overflowing from it!

Chapter 909 The Great Curse! Peach Blossom Tribulation!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Without waiting for the mind body to think more, the eggshell of the Gonggong Spiritual Egg slowly cracked, and a dazzling white light appeared from the crack!

Another wave of complete avenues of water also overflowed from it!

The mind body suddenly laughed!

Two new avenues are coming soon!

Pa~! Pa~!

At this moment, Zhu Rong and Gonggong's egg shell made a clear crisp sound at the same time!

The mind body hurriedly looked at it, and saw that the eggshells of the two spiritual eggs were rapidly cracking...

You can see through the gap in the eggshell that a crimson flame appeared in Zhu Rongling's egg.

Inside the flame was a six- to seven-month-old little baby with red hair that looked white, tender and chubby. She was holding her head with her tender little hands, curled up and fell asleep inside.

Looking at the other side, inside the Gonggong Spirit Egg, there is a cloud of white spirit water.

There was also a six- to seven-month-old little baby in the spiritual water. She had black hair and looked white and tender. She was sleeping with her head in her hands.

Seeing the cute appearance of the two little guys, the mind body smiled again...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the two spirit eggs cracked faster and faster!

The aura of water and fire emanating from the eggshell is getting stronger and stronger...

The mind body waits excitedly...

At the same moment, outside Lingxiao Palace.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes at this time, with a look of joy on his face.

That mind body is a ray of his mind.

He naturally knew that everything happened in the secret room!

It seems that he is worthy of being the master of ultimate destiny, always favored by heaven.

Zhu Rong and Gonggong hatched at this moment.

When the two little guys hatch, the time of the demon girl's death will come...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the temple below...

At this moment, in the temple.

Yaotai Xuannv was also looking at the scene outside the temple.

When she saw Qin Feng's happy face, she felt a little uneasy.

In her sea of ​​consciousness, the two major ideas were discussed again.

"The little thief suddenly opened his eyes and showed joy. Could it be that he came up with some trick?"

Shan Nian couldn't help but ask, with a hint of unease in his tone.

The evil thoughts did not take it seriously: "Oh! It is estimated that the cooling time of the 'Mirror Clone' magical power is coming to an end! You don't have to worry, even if he summons the Mirror Clone, it will not break our protective mask!"

Shan Nian muttered: "That's true! It's just that this little thief is always unintelligible and makes people a little uneasy!"

The evil thought sneered: "That's because you think too much! This kid closed his eyes and took a nap for a while. How can there be a big change like this! It's just that you are suspicious!"

"By the way, in another 2 minutes, our female fist supernatural power can be used. I wonder how long the phantom supernatural power behind this little thief can last?"

Speaking of this, Yaotai Xuannv's eyes fell on the illusion of "Four Prisons Suppressing Heaven" behind Qin Feng.

What she is most afraid of at present is the four prisons.

When the time limit of the Four Prisons Suppression is exhausted, she will fight back immediately!

Without the support of the four prisons, Qin Feng is definitely not her opponent...

Shan Nian said knowingly: "That's right! As long as we stay in the temple and consume this little thief's magical power, we will win~"!"

Malicious smug smile: "Exactly! Let's just wait!"

As soon as the words fell, Yaotai Xuannv's face showed a confident smile...

At this time, the sky above the temple.

Qin Feng is waiting for the birth of the two little guys.

I'm afraid Yaotai Xuannv didn't expect that his trump cards would emerge in an endless stream.

Qin Feng didn't wait long, and there was a hint of Heavenly Dao from the sea of ​​​​knowledge...Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

[Reminder: You are recruiting 'Zhu Rong' as 'Shura messenger'...]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Two little guys are finally born!

His mind body is recruiting!

Soon, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[The trial solicitation was successful! 'Zhu Rong' has become your 'Shura messenger'! 】

[Reminder: You are recruiting 'Gonggong' as 'Beast Dao Messenger'...]

[The trial solicitation was successful! 'Gonggong' has become your 'Beast Dao messenger'! 】

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing your insights on the Dao with your subordinate 'Zhu Rong'...]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Yun of Fire Road from Zhu Rong, your combat power +100 million stars! 】

[Congratulations on your awakening to the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of fire! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +130 million stars]

[Your 'Cosmic Center' has successfully integrated the Avenue of Fire and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 130 million stars in the power of the universe]

[Belief sharing established successfully! You are sharing your insights with your subordinate "Gonggong"...]

【Share success! Congratulations, you have obtained 1% Dao Rhyme of the Water Road from Gonggong, your combat power +100 million stars! 】

…

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sea of ​​consciousness roared continuously!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed!

That is his mind body sharing the avenue...

He couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the awakening of the new avenue comfortably...

Not long after, the awakening of the two avenues was completed, and the jade plate of good fortune was automatically activated...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the "Road of Fire", and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Plate automatically records your perception of the ‘Avenue of Water’, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

After a while, everything calmed down!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

So far, he has mastered 96 avenues, and his basic combat power has also increased to 272.2 billion stars.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Of course, what he is most satisfied with is that he has all the six ambassadors.

Six Prison Suppression is finally available!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the temple below...

He's ready to go!

Although the cooling of the mirror image clone is not over yet, he can't wait any longer.

The sooner this demon girl beheaded, the better. He still has the chance to win this round, so he can't delay here for too long.

huh~! huh~!

At the moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and two auras lit up on his body, and his momentum skyrocketed, increasing his combat power by billions!

This made his eyes light up, and once again revealed the color of overjoyed.

It turned out that he had just drawn combat power from Zhu Rong and Gonggong, and had accumulated a total of 4 billion star combat power.

When Zhu Rong and Gong Gong were born, they were in the realm of true gods, and their combat power reached 2 billion stars, which was just the threshold for a quasi-god king!

It can be seen that the aptitude of these two little guys is extremely evil, which makes him extremely satisfied!

everything's ready!

Time to get started!

Om~!

At this time, the Pantian Dao Axe in Qin Feng's hand lit up with a dazzling Dao light!

At the same time, inside the temple.

When Yaotai Xuannv saw the Dao axe lit up, she frowned slightly.

In her sea of ​​consciousness, the two thoughts immediately began to talk.

"Hey! What is this little thief doing? Could it be that he is going to shoot again? Our female fist supernatural power will have to wait another half a minute before it can be used!"

Shan Nian's tone is a little anxious!

Evil Nian sneered: "Hehe! Don't worry! This kid can't even summon the mirror image clone, do you think he can break the mask? It's just useless work!"

Her tone was disdainful!

But her voice fell, and there was a sudden change in the field!

Om~! Om~!

Hearing only two clear sounds of heaven and earth, two world illusions appeared behind Qin Feng!

A world phantom slaughtered everywhere, it is the Shura world!

A world where phantoms and monsters are rampant, it is the world of beasts!

So far, Qin Feng's six prison illusions have been collected!

"Huh! That's..."

Seeing that scene, Yaotai Xuannv was stunned!

Swish~!

But without waiting for her to think about it, Qin Feng slashed down with an axe!

Om~!

At that moment, the six illusions behind Qin Feng, the heaven, the ghost world, the region, the human world, the Shura, and the animal way, were shining brightly!

Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven, instantly activated!

The attack increase has skyrocketed by 180%!

Om~!

At the same moment, the Pantian Dao Axe also lit up with the Dao light of the heavens!

Attack increase, another ten percent!

So far, that axe's attack has skyrocketed by 28%!

Seeing this scene, Yaotai Xuannv's kindness exclaimed.