Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"." God! His magical power has two more illusion worlds! The power has become stronger again!"

His evil thoughts are still self-confident: "Don't worry! Even if he has two more illusion worlds, the increase is limited! The energy level of our protective mask is 2.2 trillion stars!"

Swish~!

As soon as the words fell, Qin Feng's axe slashed fiercely on the mask!

Ka~cha~!

A burst of crackling sound!

The mask was like a glass vessel, it was shattered by a single blow!

Seeing this scene, Yaotai Xuannv opened her mouth wide and was completely dumbfounded!

The moment she broke through the mask, she also felt that the momentum of that axe suddenly reached 2.3 trillion stars!

Gosh!

She didn't see any movement from this kid at all, why did the attack power suddenly skyrocket so much!

huh~!

Before Yaotai Xuannv could recover, Qin Feng in the air dodged and disappeared.

"not good!"

Yaotai Xuannv immediately reacted, and quickly turned around and fled to the depths of the temple...

Without the protection of the protective mask, how could she dare to stay.

Now, she just wants to escape into the depths of the temple and do her last struggle...

Swish~!

But she just disappeared thousands of feet, and with a flash of white light in front of her, Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

"Witch! Die!"

Swish~!

At this appearance, Qin Feng slashed away with an axe!

Yaotai Xuannv's face changed greatly: "Stop...stop!"Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, she was extremely anxious.

Her female boxing magical power has not recovered, how can she resist it?

What's more, Qin Feng's attack power has soared!

Qin Feng naturally ignored her anger, and the axe locked her qi machine and slashed away with all her strength!

Suddenly, the axe swept the sky, and the killing intent was horizontal!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the axe light passes, all time and space, all laws, all avenues, and realms are annihilated!

Yaotai Xuannv is unavoidable, she can only resist with fists!

In the blink of an eye, the attacks of the two sides converged!

Qin Feng shattered Xuannv's attack with an axe, and spared no effort to slash at her!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That axe split Yaotai Xuannv in half!

A shrill roar echoed over the hall!

Bang~! Bang~! !

But in the next second, its corpse blew itself up, turning into a blood mist that covered the sky, and emitting thirty avenues of halo!

Xuannv died without being stiff, only to see the blood mist rolling, and she was about to continue to resurrect!

Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and the pupils of the God of Punishment lit up with golden light!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next second, seven rays of 'Heaven's Punishment Dao Light' shot out from the center of his eyebrows, penetrating the soft blood mist...

"Ah~~!"

That horrific scream!

Wave after wave came out from the blood fog!

Yaotai Xuannv's soul aura suddenly fell wildly all the way!

Chapter 910: The Great Victory! Immortal!

Feng Xi's words just fell, and in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, the mad roar of Yaotai Xuannv was heard!

"No~! Little thief! You force your subordinates like this! That can't break the curse!"

It turned out that Yaotai Xuannv started to panic!

If Feng Xi helps Qin Feng break the curse, everything she has done will not only be in vain, but will also make Qin Feng cheaper for her many years of experience!

This is definitely not what she wants to see!

Qin Feng ignored her roar, but looked at Feng Xi seriously.

"Feng Xi, you must know what's going to happen next. You have to know that to lift the curse, you need to be willing, you can't force it!"

"Master, the concubine understands! All this is voluntary by the concubine, not the majesty of the master."

Speaking of this, Feng Xi's face became even more ruddy, and her shyness was beyond words.

Qin Feng still wants to say something.

But at this moment, the power of the curse became even more insane, making his body explosion more obvious, and his body more and more hard!

He can't delay any longer!

Immediately, he took a deep breath, and his eyes fell on Feng Xi's slender figure again...

At the same time, Yaotai Xuannv roared even more anxiously.

"Little thief! To break the curse, the other party must truly love you! If you don't have this heart, even if you can break the curse, you won't be able to break the curse!"

Qin Feng still ignores it!

Swish~!

As soon as he waved his hand, he gave out a great aura, covering himself and Feng Xi...

Yaotai Xuannv yelled anxiously!

"Little thief! It's useless! Your method is useless at all!"

"Little thief! You should die as soon as possible!"

"Little thieves! You guys... you guys hurry up... hurry up and stop... ah~!"

Yaotai Xuannv's roaring voice is getting more and more desperate!

She is also a woman, how could she not see Feng Xi's affection for Qin Feng?

Thinking about it, if you put aside the opposing positions, with Qin Feng's handsome appearance and the genius of the devil, how can any woman not be tempted?

Curse mercilessly! People are affectionate!

In this way, Qin Feng, with the help of Feng Xi, began to break the curse of Peach Blossom Tribulation...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

The Dao Lingguang in the field was put away, and Feng Xi was no longer there, only Qin Feng.

Feng Xi has been sent back to the center of the small universe.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief when he appeared.

At this moment, he only felt that his whole body was smooth and comfortable!

The power of the curse was completely contained!

"I didn't expect you to be so brave! Hey~!"

At this moment, the voice of Yaotai Xuannv resounded in his sea of ​​consciousness.

There was a hint of emotion in that voice, and a hint of decadence.

Because she witnessed it with her own eyes, Qin Feng exerted thirty times the time force field.

In other words, the outside world has passed an hour.

Qin Feng actually spent thirty hours in cracking the curse.

This completely shocked her!

"You won! If I knew you were so brave, I might as well...hey!"

"Qin Feng, if I have a chance of reincarnation, I hope you will raise your hand! If you can fulfill it, I make a big wish here, and I will serve you as the Lord in the next life! Even as a concubine, I will not regret it!"

Yaotai Xuannv suddenly expressed a strange emotion!

Immediately afterwards, an invisible force of the Great Dao of Prayer radiated from its thoughts...

The avenue of prayer is one of the innate avenues!

This is the only innate avenue mastered by Yaotai Xuannv.

Her great curse technique was learned from the Great Way of Prayer!

At this moment, Qin Feng can clearly feel that Yaotai Xuannv's prayer is very sincere...

It also confused him!

Click~! chah~!

But before he could think about it, a crisp sound came from the depths of his soul body!

That is the sound of the power of the curse being completely shattered!

Immediately afterwards, countless pure and majestic soul power, as well as countless Dao insights, automatically merged with Qin Feng's soul body...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

【The robbery is successful! Congratulations, you absorbed the residual soul power of ‘Yaotai Xuannv’, your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and you are automatically advancing...]

【The robbery is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained the insight of the "Yaotai Xuannv" of the Dao of Prayer, and you have begun to awaken the Dao of Innate—the Dao of Prayer...]

【The robbery is successful! Congratulations, you have absorbed the insights of the Hehuan Avenue of ‘Yaotai Xuannv’, and you have begun to awaken the Houtian Avenue—the Hehuan Avenue…]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

There are also new avenues of halo radiating from him, and the weather is extraordinary!

【Advanced success! Your soul body has been advanced from the primary Dao soul to the intermediate Dao', and the combat power has increased by +1 billion stars]

[Awakening of the 'Avenue of Prayer' is successful, you will be blessed with 350 million star combat power...]

...

After a long time, everything is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of ecstasy.

The successful cracking of Peach Blossom Tribulation allowed him to gain huge benefits!

Its soul body has reached the level of the intermediate Taoist soul in one fell swoop, and 17 avenues have been newly awakened, and the basic combat power has soared to 286.3 billion stars!

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!