Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After finishing the call, Qin Feng switched to the regional channel.

He was also full of curiosity.

Turgenev is a native of the North Bear Country. He has cooperated with Qin Feng in a camp bet, so he can be regarded as an ally.

When he entered the regional channel, Qin Feng saw that in the channel, only Qi Jie was still acquiring the novice short knife.

At this moment, the channel is still very lively.

"Qi Jiesang, please put the energy stone on the shelves quickly, my ten novice short knives are all ready!"

"Oh! Dear Mr. Qi Jie, for God's sake, please make a private deal with me first. I've robbed it more than a dozen times, and I haven't gotten it once!"

"Axi! Upstairs, why do you have a private deal with you? Mr. Qi Jie said, go grab it with your hands, Smecta!"

Qi Jie: "Quiet! Quiet! All transactions are suspended! My boss Qin Feng is here, you all calm down and listen to my boss!"

As soon as these words fell, the channel was immediately quiet for a while.

"Oh! Mr. Qin Feng is coming?"

"What is he doing here?"

Just when everyone was muttering, Qin Feng appeared.

Qin Feng: "Tugenev, are you looking for me?"

Turgenev was overjoyed: "Mr. Qin Feng, it's waiting for you! I'm so happy!"

Qin Feng: "I wonder if you have anything to do with me?"

Turgenev: "The thing is, just two minutes ago, I reached level 10."

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the entire regional channel became a sensation.

"I'm a fool! Mr. Turgenev, you have risen to level 10! You should be the second powerhouse in our No. 1 area to rise to level 10!"

"Mr. Turgenev is the second strongest in our district and the pride of our North Bear Country! Ulla! Ulla!"

"Tu Gesang, we in Sakurajima want to be friends with you!"

"Axi! Why don't we Nanbang Kingdom have such a strong powerhouse?"

At this moment, the players from all countries were amazed and envied Turgenev.

Many people are flattering Turgenev and unanimously believe that Turgenev is the second powerhouse in District 1 to be promoted to level 10.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng and Qi Jie both laughed and said nothing.

Whether Turgenev was the second to reach level 10 is hard to say.

Because just now, Liu Xuan and Liu Yuan from Longyuan Village had also risen to level 10 one after another, and the three of them were almost at the same time period.

After a while, the chat channel gradually became quiet.

Turgenev continued: "Mr. Qin Feng, after I reached level 10, I became the first person in our village to complete the novice assessment, so I got the first prize: a golden treasure chest."Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"I now want to use this golden treasure chest to make a deal with you!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked.

Oh my God!

Take the golden treasure chest to trade.

This is definitely a big deal!

Qin Feng's eyes also brightened, and his eyes became hot

Chapter 111 The equipment of the mysterious origin, the strength increases again!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up, and his eyes became hot.

One of the things he wants most now is a golden treasure chest.

Because he has three synthetic cards in his hand!

Of course, Turgenev traded the golden treasure chest, I am afraid that what he wants is not simple.

"Turgenev, what do you want?"

Qin Feng asked lightly.

Everyone was also curious.

What does Turgenev want?

He actually took out a very precious gold treasure chest and traded it.

Turgenev: "Mr. Qin Feng, I saw that among the third-order items you sold, there is a third-order giant axe, which is very suitable for me."

Qin Feng was taken aback: "Do you want to exchange the golden treasure chest for my giant axe?"

Turgenev: "No! A giant axe is not enough, I also want a piece of information about the location of the 'Lost Village' and a dark seal to enter the Lost Village."

As soon as these words fell, everyone suddenly realized, and the whole audience sighed.

"Oh! Turgenev is such a clever fellow!"

"Yeah! If Turgenev can build a village in No. 44, that would be of great benefit."

"Envy! I'm so envious! It's really cool to see what Longyuan Village wants, and the power stone that is extremely enviable!"

"If only I were a villager of Longyuan Village!"

"Hey! Even if we are not villagers of Longyuan Village, as long as our village can build a village, that's fine! Unfortunately, our village is not yet capable of building a village."

"If you want to build a village, you must have a level 10 master. Only when someone in the village reaches level 10 will the special mission be activated."

"In addition to the envy of Longyuan Village, I am now starting to envy Village No. 44. They have the great Mr. Turgenev, and they will soon have their own village."

At this moment, everyone showed envy.

They are so envious of a village that can build a village.

Because the benefits of building a village are too great.

In fact, Turgenev took a fancy to this, and as soon as he reached level 10, he couldn't wait to build a village.

But he couldn't even find the location of the lost village, and he didn't know where to get the 'dark seal', so he had to come to Qin Feng for help.

In order to get this information, he did not hesitate to trade gold treasure chests.

Turgenev: "Mr. Qin Feng, what do you think?"

At this moment, Turgenev was uneasy, for fear that Qin Feng would not be willing.

Everyone in Village 44 looked nervous.

They expect Qin Fengneng and their Turgenev to complete the deal.

They also hope that Village No. 44 can be seen as Longyuan Village and build a village.

At this moment, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Ha ha!

The third-order giant axe, plus a dark seal, plus the location information of the 'lost village', can exchange for a golden treasure chest.

This deal is so good!

There are a few excess dark seal fragments in his hand, and a dark seal has long been combined.

It's just that that thing is useless to him, it can be described as tasteless, and it was just used to change a treasure chest today.

As for the location of the lost village, it was even less valuable to him.

At the moment, Qin Feng readily agreed: "Okay! Then I will write the location information of the 'lost village' on a piece of animal skin and trade it to you."

Turgenev was overjoyed: "Great! Mr. Qin Feng, you are our forever friend of the North Bear Kingdom. I will remember your kindness!"

Qin Feng: "Come to the trading channel!"

Turgenev: "Okay!"

At the moment, the two entered the trading channel.

Moments later, the two completed the transaction.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

A golden treasure chest is in hand.

So far, there are as many as four golden treasure chests in his hand.

As long as he gets another one, he can synthesize a dark treasure chest.

Dark treasure chest!

100% of Tier 5 and above equipment!

It's cool to think about it!

Turgenev was also very satisfied with what he got.

Both parties are very happy.

As soon as the deal was completed, Turgenev announced that he had the information.

The people of the North Bear Country in Village No. 44 immediately cheered.

All of them are 'Ula! Ulla! ' shouted.

The people in the rest of the villages were envious.

After a while, the regional channel was quiet.

Qin Feng posted another message.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, from now on, I will buy silver treasure chests and gold treasure chests. Those who have treasure chests can find me. Of course, if there are silver treasure chests, they can also exchange for a piece of Tier 3 equipment, which can be traded on the trading channel. "

As soon as these words fell, a person jumped out of the chat channel.

The man was Nguyen Phuc, from Nanyue, a level 9 expert.

Ruan Fu: "Dear Master Qin Feng, I want to make a deal with you. I like your third-order machete."

Qin Feng: "Do you have a treasure chest?"

Nguyen Phuc: "I didn't!"

Qin Feng: "Then what did you exchange?"

Ruan Fu: "I want to exchange three second-order items with you!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned.

Qi Jie was very upset: "Ruan Fu, what are you kidding?! Exchange trash for the best? You think so beautifully! Do you think my boss is collecting junk?"

Qin Feng also frowned: "I don't need second-order items."

Ruan Fu: "Mr. Qin Feng, listen to me. These three second-order items of mine are very special. They were obtained from a dark and damp place when I was doing a special task."

Ruan Fu: "They were originally third-order items, but they were dampened for a long time, and the surface was rusted, causing the quality to drop to the second-order. Even so, their attributes are considered the best in the second-order."

Hearing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Ha ha!

Isn't this custom made for him?

He has endless extraction, which can turn corruption into magic.

This is equivalent to saying that one piece of Tier 3 equipment is exchanged for three pieces of Tier 3 equipment!

With such a good thing, how could he miss it.

Qin Feng: "Come to the trading channel, let me check the information on those items first."

Ruan Fu was overjoyed: "Okay! I'll go right now!"

At the moment, the two entered the trading channel.