Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But before he was happy, the jade plate of good fortune was activated again...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Prayer Avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Hehuan Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up again with various avenues of light, and his momentum was skyrocketing all the way!

In a blink of an eye, his basic combat power has soared to 288 billion stars!

So far, he has mastered 111 avenues.

At this moment, an extremely dazzling golden light flew out of the blood mist that Yaotai Xuannu's body turned into and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity) and obtained +50 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity) and obtained +20,000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity), and 3 chaotic treasure chests burst out (complete state)]

[You successfully killed Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity), and exploded the picture of the Executioner of the Heavens (Peak Fortune Level)]

[You successfully killed Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity), and broke out "Three Corpse Cut" (Peak Fortune Level)]

[You succeeded in killing Yaotai Xuannv (quasi-half-step eternity), and the Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag (Peak Fortune Level) broke out]

[You killed a quasi-half-step eternal existence for the first time and obtained 30,000 reputation rewards]

【Your level is promoted to level 92】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 90 Hongmeng Supreme (Intermediate)]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 91 Hongmeng Supreme (Intermediate)]

...

At this moment, Qin Feng's body continuously lit up with upgraded white light!

He was amazed!

Yaotai Xuannv has fallen!

His Heaven Punishing Sword Array mission is about to be completed!

What surprised him was that beheading Yaotai Xuannu actually allowed him to continuously upgrade his rank and vocation!

In addition to this, he also gained 30,000 reputation points!

Now, if he wants to be promoted to the ultimate evangelist, he is short of reputation!

The prestige standard for promotion to the ultimate evangelist is 500,000 points!

Qin Feng currently has 440,000 points, and he is still short of 60,000 reputation points.

He is very satisfied!

At this moment, Qin Feng excitedly looked at the spoils in front of him.

The next second, with a wave of his hand, he sucked all the spoils in front of him into his hands.

·

He still has so many things to deal with that he doesn't have time to take stock.

As soon as the treasures arrived, he sent them all into the storage ring.

Only the Heaven Punishing Array, he took a glance at it in his hand...

[Heaven Punishment Array: Peak of Creation, containing the Avenue of Time, Avenue of Space, and Avenue of Void Destruction]

[Task reminder: congratulations on finding the Zhutian Array! 】

[Task reminder: You need to leave the secret realm of this star map to truly complete the task, and you can get the Zhutian map to recognize the master]

[Task reminder: After the Execution of the Heaven Array is successfully recognized as the master, this task has been successfully completed, and you will receive extremely rich task rewards]

[Task reminder: After the Heaven Execution Array is recognized as the master, you can form a 'Heaven Execution Sword Array' with the Heaven Execution Sword, Jue Heaven Sword, Heaven Slaying Sword, and Heaven Slaughter Sword, with both offense and defense, with infinite power! 】

"I still have to leave this secret realm! It's the completion of the mission!"

Qin Feng smiled and put away the Zhutian array map.

Only then did he discover that the blood mist created by Yaotai Xuannu was actually stuck in the air, condensing and not dispersing...

"Hey! This is..."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Suddenly, he was surprised to find that there was a strange thing in his knowledge.

When he thought about it, a white light flashed between his eyebrows.

The next second, that weird thing flew out from between his eyebrows under his control...

Qin Feng looked at it quickly and found that the strange thing was actually a white light spot the size of a broad bean.

As soon as his mind moved, he probed towards the white light spot...

[True Spirit of Yaotai: Chaos Level]

[After Yaotai Xuannv fell, there is a ray of true spirit left behind]

"Hey! It's actually a real spirit!"

Qin Feng was slightly surprised!

Generally speaking, there is only a half-step eternity or more, and even if the soul body dies, there will be a ray of true spirit behind.

As long as that ray of true spirit is immortal, there is still a chance of rebirth, but the memory of the previous life will be lost.

As for the existence of less than half a step of eternity, as long as the soul body is destroyed, it is equivalent to the complete death of the body, and there is no chance of rebirth.

This Yaotai Xuannv is a quasi-half-step eternal existence, and she never expected to leave a trace of true spirit behind.

Seeing this, Qin Feng wanted to destroy the true spirit!

Having said that, the true spirit is more difficult to destroy than the soul body, and the difficulty will be more than ten times more difficult.

However, Qin Feng did not want to leave hidden dangers.

With this in mind, he is about to start...

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

huh~!

As soon as the true spirit appeared in the world, it sensed the blood mist transformed by Yaochi Xuannu!

It immediately turned into a white light and rushed into the blood mist...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the blood mist rolled violently, merged with the true spirit, and turned into a two-foot-sized battle pet spirit egg.

If you look closely, the spirit egg is completely white, covered with Dao Divine Marks, and its aura is extremely extraordinary!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away...

[Jade Pool Golden Mother Spirit Egg: Chaos Level, Unidentified Master]

[This spiritual egg is the reincarnated egg of the true spirit. Before reincarnation, I made a big wish to only recognize Qin Feng as the master, and I would like to serve it with a concubine! 】

"Uh~! This..."

After reading this information, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

He finally figured out why Yaotai Xuannv said those weird things before she fell.

It turned out that she calculated that she would be immortal!

Qin Feng suddenly hesitated!

Did he accept the spirit egg, or was it destroyed?

Having said that, this is a Chaos-level pet, as long as it is hatched, it is the main **** realm!

what! correct!

Why has the name of the true spirit pet transformed by Yaotai Xuannv changed?

Isn't Yaochi Jinmu the nickname of the Queen Mother of the West!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng has a strange face!

After a while, he smiled bitterly: "That's it! It's also a bad fate! Then accept her!"

As soon as the voice fell, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, and a drop of blood essence...spoon.

Chapter 911 The Seal of the Universe! Twelve Qinglian!

Pa~!

The blood essence fell on the egg, and it was absorbed completely at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

In the next second, the spirit egg lit up with a faint red light, made a cheerful vibration, and took the initiative to fly towards Qin Feng...

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The Yaochi Golden Mother Spirit Egg (Chaos Level) has recognized you as the master! 】

Qin Feng was very emotional!

Then, with a wave of his hand, he took the spiritual egg into the center of the small universe.

After doing this, he looked around, and he saw the empty hall of the temple, majestic!

Having said that, this Lingxiao Palace is the old nest of Yaotai Xuannv, and there must be a lot of hidden treasures and resources in it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes light up!

He really wanted to search the temple immediately, but he stayed here too long to delay any longer.

If there is a further delay, the first place in this round of chances may be lost!

With this in mind, Qin Feng turned around and walked outside the hall!

This Lingxiao Temple is built on the Jiutianxi soil!

As long as he allows Jiutian Xiyang to recognize his master, he can take it into the center of his own small universe.

When he is free, he can search slowly.

Soon, Qin Feng left the temple, and he saw the continent transformed by Jiutian Xiyuan...

[Nine Heavens Resting Soil: Peak of Creation, Wonders of Heaven and Earth, Unidentified Lord]

[This thing contains Swamp Avenue, Thick Earth Avenue, Boundless Avenue, Life Avenue, and Mother Earth Avenue]

Seeing this, he was delighted!

Knew it!

As soon as the Yaotai Xuannv fell, Jiutian Xiyuan became an ownerless thing, and he could just collect it!

Qin Feng no longer hesitated, he directly broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the spiritual soil under his feet!

He ejected nine drops of blood essence in a row, all of which were completely absorbed!

hum~~!

Soon, the nine-day breath soil lit up, and the entire continent vibrated slightly!

Immediately afterwards, a contract was concluded in the depths of the soul...

As soon as the contract was completed, there were several majestic Dao insights, which poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge...

Tiandao's reminder also came...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Jiutian Xi soil (the peak of good fortune) has recognized you as the master! 】

[Congratulations on obtaining the 'Swamp Avenue' perception from the Jiutian Qi Soil, you are automatically awakening the Houtian Avenue - Swamp Avenue...]

[Congratulations on getting the insight of the ‘Mother Avenue’ from the Jiutian Xi soil, you are automatically awakening the Houtian Avenue—the Mother Road…]