Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

In the next second, the spirit egg lit up with a faint red light, made a cheerful vibration, and took the initiative to fly towards Qin Feng...Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The Yaochi Golden Mother Spirit Egg (Chaos Level) has recognized you as the master! 】

Qin Feng was very emotional!

Then, with a wave of his hand, he took the spiritual egg into the center of the small universe.

After doing this, he looked around, and he saw the empty hall of the temple, majestic!

Having said that, this Lingxiao Palace is the old nest of Yaotai Xuannv, and there must be a lot of hidden treasures and resources in it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes light up!

He really wanted to search the temple immediately, but he stayed here too long to delay any longer.

If there is a further delay, the first place in this round of chances may be lost!

With this in mind, Qin Feng turned around and walked outside the hall!

This Lingxiao Temple is built on the Jiutianxi soil!

As long as he allows Jiutian Xiyang to recognize his master, he can take it into the center of his own small universe.

When he is free, he can search slowly.

Soon, Qin Feng left the temple, and he saw the continent transformed by Jiutian Xiyuan...

[Nine Heavens Resting Soil: Peak of Creation, Wonders of Heaven and Earth, Unidentified Lord]

[This thing contains Swamp Avenue, Thick Earth Avenue, Boundless Avenue, Life Avenue, and Mother Earth Avenue]

Seeing this, he was delighted!

Knew it!

As soon as the Yaotai Xuannv fell, Jiutian Xiyuan became an ownerless thing, and he could just collect it!

Qin Feng no longer hesitated, he directly broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the spiritual soil under his feet!

He ejected nine drops of blood essence in a row, all of which were completely absorbed!

hum~~!

Soon, the nine-day breath soil lit up, and the entire continent vibrated slightly!

Immediately afterwards, a contract was concluded in the depths of the soul...

As soon as the contract was completed, there were several majestic Dao insights, which poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge...

Tiandao's reminder also came...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Jiutian Xi soil (the peak of good fortune) has recognized you as the master! 】

[Congratulations on obtaining the 'Swamp Avenue' perception from the Jiutian Qi Soil, you are automatically awakening the Houtian Avenue - Swamp Avenue...]

[Congratulations on getting the insight of the ‘Mother Avenue’ from the Jiutian Xi soil, you are automatically awakening the Houtian Avenue—the Mother Road…]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed all the way, and a new avenue halo lit up on his body...

After a long time, all the visions subsided!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, full of surprises!

He didn't expect that just by letting 'Nine Heaven's Rest in Land' recognize the master successfully, he would gain two new avenues!

Having said that, in addition to the two avenues of the swamp and the mother earth, of the five avenues contained in the Nine Heavens Breath Soil, he has already awakened the other three!

In short, this time, let Jiutian Xiyang recognize the master, and the harvest is huge!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to put away the nine days of interest...

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Swamp Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: Fortune Jade Plate

Boom~Long~Long~!

Another momentum boost!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 289.7 billion stars!

The number of avenues he masters has also reached an astonishing 113.

But before he could finish being happy, there was an earth-shattering roar from within his knowledge!

Another inexhaustible cosmic force feeds back from the center of the universe...

Tiandao also sent a reminder synchronously...

[It is detected that you have awakened: twelve innate avenues such as blood, soul, heart prayer, etc., have reached the standard of being promoted to the master of the universe...]

[Promotion is starting now...]

[Congratulations on awakening the 'Heart of the Universe' and getting the 100 million star power of the universe back…]

[Congratulations on condensing the 'Cosmic Seal' and getting 200 million star power backfeeding from the universe...]

hum~~!

At this moment, behind Qin Feng's head, a thousand-zhang light curtain appeared, illuminating the light of the heavens!

In the light curtain, I can clearly see the five blessed places, such as Wuzhuang Temple, Renshuipan Taoyuan, Yaochi Wonderland, Sun Tang Pond...

That is Qin Feng awakening the 'heart of the universe' and manifesting his own cosmic projection!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the Dao light between his eyebrows condensed and burst into dazzling blue light!

A cyan lotus flower seal is condensing and forming at the center of his eyebrows...

That is exactly the 'seal of the universe' that symbolizes the identity of the lord of the universe!

After a while, the seal of the universe was condensed.

Looking at the mark, it is like a fresh green lotus with twelve petals, lifelike, and exudes an earth-shattering avenue!

Its flower has twelve petals, symbolizing the innate avenue mastered by Qin Feng, there are twelve kinds!

In other words, it is also a symbol of the strength and realm of the Lord of the Universe!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[The seal of the universe is condensed and completed! Congratulations on your promotion to the Lord of the Universe (primary), your universe has officially been promoted to the primary universe]

[Congratulations on awakening the innate authority of the Lord of the Universe—the right to appoint the Domain Lord]

[The right to appoint the domain owner: you can appoint your contract subordinates as the major 'star domain lords' in your universe]

[Reminder: You have mastered 113 avenues, and there are 113 'galaxy embryos' in your universe that can give birth to life in the future, so you have 113 seats of star field masters that can be appointed]

[Reminder: The master of the star field must awaken the corresponding avenue in order to obtain its corresponding appointment]

[Reminder: The 'Master of the Stars' under your command can sacrifice your combat power...]

Boom~!

Hearing the last prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

The next second, he opened his eyes and his face was full of joy!

He has finally become the Lord of the Universe!

That small universe center has officially become the primary universe.

What excites him even more is that after becoming the lord of the universe, he can also appoint some star field lords.

And the masters of those star fields can sacrifice combat power to him!

Then he can appoint Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Elder Qishan, Granny Feng Qi and other elite subordinates as the masters of the star field.

In this way, he can obtain the sacrifices of Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and others!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to the future!

"Hoo~! The promotion is finally over!"

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He is extremely satisfied with this promotion!

Today, his basic combat power has reached 319.7 billion stars, which is not far from the threshold of quasi-half-step eternity.

The combat power of the quasi-half-step eternal threshold, that is, 400 million stars!

He didn't want to think so much anymore, he had to finish the scene quickly and rush to the land of the gods as soon as possible!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the cosmic projection behind his head!

The seal of the universe also shrank with aura, and after hiding between his eyebrows, it disappeared.

After doing this, Qin Feng flew into the air, overlooking the floating continent below...

The next second, he waved at the mainland!

Swish~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the continent transformed by the nine days of interest disappeared out of thin air.

That was sent to his primary universe by Qin Feng!

Even the Lingxiao Temple on the mainland was sent into the primary universe together!

So far, in the entire secret starry sky, only Qin Feng stands alone in the void, and there is nothing else!

Everything is done!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and flew towards the exit of the secret realm!

He wants to fly out of the star map secret realm early and return to the canyon passage

Only by returning to the canyon passage can he rush to the land of the gods and complete the final chance assessment...

If he delays any longer, he might not be able to get the first place in this round of fortunes...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng accelerated to the exit of the secret realm...

At the same time, in the canyon channel to the east.

Emperor Qing is also rushing towards the land of the gods...

Now, the Qing Emperor is only one percent of the way away from the end of the passage.

It made him extra excited!

Of course, Qingdi was not the only player who entered that passage.

There are more and more players entering it now, which shows that the number of people who have to pass the chance test is increasing...

At the same time, outside the Holy Land, in the endless starry sky.

Venerable Puyin, Yeshen, and Maria were rushing towards the Azure Dragon Star Region.

Now, they have entered the realm of the Xuanwu Star Territory.

The next star field is the Qinglong star field.

Along the way, Ye Shen has been secretly observing Venerable Puyin.

He wanted to know the strength of Venerable Puyin, but he couldn't see it through.

There are rumors from the outside world that Venerable Puyin had a combat power of 1.5 trillion stars a million years ago, and it must be more than that now!

I don't know, does this powerful combat power have his own domain master?

Thinking of this, he couldn't help asking: "Senior Puyin, this junior has always been curious about something, but he didn't dare to ask more. I don't know..."

Speaking of which, Ye God hesitated!