Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Venerable Puyin smiled kindly and said, "You have something to say! As long as the old man knows about it, he will naturally tell you!"

Ye Shen sneered and said, "Actually, it's not a big deal! The junior has always been curious, what kind of combat power does the senior have? It is rumored that your combat power reached 1.5 trillion stars a long time ago, and it should be more than that now, right?"

Venerable Puyin stroked his beard and smiled: "So I was asking about this! Little friend wants to know, it's okay to tell you! The old man now has 2 trillion combat power!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, **** and Mary were stunned!

My goodness!

2 trillion combat power!

This is too scary!

After a while, the two recovered from their shock.

Venerable Puyin smiled all over his face, with a hint of pride in his eyes.

He enjoyed it very much, these juniors were shocked by the appearance of 4.7!

At this moment, Ye Shen couldn't help swallowing his saliva, and his eyes fell on the green bamboo stick in Pu Yin's hand again.

"Senior! Your bamboo stick has always been exuding the halo of the Great Dao, and it is extremely extraordinary to see its brilliance. Is it a device of the Great Dao?"

Ye Shen asked carefully.

Venerable Puyin smiled slightly: "Little friend has a good eye! This old man's six pure bamboos are indeed an artifact of the Dao. However, it is considered a relatively common device in the Dao!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the two of them were shocked again!

After a long time, Ye Shen couldn't help but sigh: "Senior, you have 2 trillion combat power, and with the aid of this avenue of the road, I'm afraid it can be comparable to half-step eternal peak!"

Pu Yin shook his head and smiled bitterly: "Half-step eternal peak, the combat power must be at least 3 trillion stars, how can this old man compare! Besides..."

Before the words were finished, a blue light flew from a distance, and the speed was as fast as a rainbow...

Pu Yin was startled, and quickly reached out his hand to catch the blue light.

Taking a closer look, it was actually a blue messenger.

Pu Yin quickly picked up the jade talisman and checked the information inside.

In the next second, he looked happy.

"Senior, what's the matter?"

Jesus asked curiously.

Pu Yin said with a smile: "Good news! The Master of the Bright Domain and I are on the way to pick up Senior Brother Yin and are heading here...".

Chapter 913 Chaos Qi! The Road of Destruction!

Hearing that, Ye Shen was both surprised and delighted!

Up to now, he already knew that in order to find his whereabouts, Peeping Heaven Divine Realm had split into two groups.

All the way, Venerable Pu Yin went to the Dark God Realm to find him.

The other way is to lead the Venerable to the Bright God Realm to find him!

That Venerable Jie Yin rushed to the Bright God Realm first, and naturally did not find him, but alarmed the Bright Realm Lord!

Later, Venerable Puyin found him and sent the news to Venerable Xieyin!

The Venerable Jie Yin and the Master of the Bright Domain also learned of his whereabouts!

After the two great experts discussed it, they came together.

This makes Ye God secretly happy!

He followed the Venerable Puyin, trembling all the time.

If the domain master of his own can come, it will be a deterrent.

Presumably, what the venerable Master had promised before would not go back on his word.

"Senior, I'm afraid that before my domain master and seniors have arrived, we will kill Qin Feng first!"

Ye Shen said excitedly.

Up to now, he is more and more confident in destroying Qin Feng.

Venerable Puyin stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Those two just set off! At least half a day later than us! We won't wait for them, we will continue on our way! It is estimated that after half a day, Qin Feng will come out of the Holy Land. It's gone!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three continued to rush towards the Azure Dragon Star Territory...

At this moment, Ye Shen was in a very good mood, thinking that Qin Feng would definitely die this time!

He should be able to get the book of the present world that he wants.

After all, Venerable Puyin has analyzed before that, even if Qin Feng's Holy Land Star this time increases his strength, it will not exceed 1.5 billion stars!

With such strength, 19 can only be killed in seconds in the face of such a terrifying existence as Venerable Puyin!

With this thought, Ye Shen was even more looking forward to it!

Ye Shen did not know that Venerable Puyin had greatly underestimated Qin Feng before!

Don't say that Qin Feng's combat power cannot reach 1.5 billion stars, even if it doubles again!

Today, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 319.7 billion stars!

What's more, he still has many great opportunities that he has not digested!

For example, the quest of 'Sword Executioner', he hasn't gained it yet!

At this moment, in the Holy Land.

In the western canyon passage, at the entrance of the star map secret realm.

Swish~!

At this time, the light and shadow flashed!

A stalwart figure emerged from the secret territory of the star map!

That person is Qin Feng!

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, he circled around!

"It's finally out!"

He breathed a sigh of relief and looked at the end of the canyon.

There is also a light curtain at the end, as long as he walks out of that light curtain, he can reach the land of the gods and complete this round of fortune assessment!

Thinking of this, his figure flashed, and he rushed to the end of the passage...

"Huh! By the way..."

Just when Qin Feng was only ten thousand feet away from the end of the passage, he seemed to think of something and suddenly stopped!

The next second, he waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him, and two young babies appeared.

Those two little babies look like they are one or two years old!

One has red hair and is wearing a red jacket, and the other has black hair and wearing a black jacket. They are all white, tender and chubby!

They are Zhu Rong He Gong Gong!

"Hey! Dad! Dad!"

"Dad! Hug! Hug!"

As soon as the two little guys saw Qin Feng, they rushed over with joy, and then each hugged Qin Feng's thigh and acted coquettishly.

Qin Feng fondly touched the heads of the two little guys, and at the same time looked away at Zhu Rong...

[God and Demon]: Zhu Rong (Battle Pet)

[realm]: real **** realm

[Level]: Level 13

[Combat Strength]: 2.3 billion stars

Looking at Gonggong again, it is also level 13, with a combat power of 2.3 billion stars!

Qin Feng suddenly showed a relieved smile!

In such a short period of time, the two little guys have risen from level 1 to level 13!

The combat power has increased from 2 billion to 2.3 billion stars!

This progress is so fast!

This also makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!

It is also true that Qin Feng is now rich, and the resources in his personal universe are countless!

For example, the Jiuyang Linglu in the Sun Tang Pond, the nectar and jade liquid in the Yaochi fairyland, and the Renshui pan peach that was picked before.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

These are all extremely valuable resources, and they are all above the high-grade **** rank!

Qin Feng's mind body is to use these resources to cultivate two little guys, and naturally make them progress rapidly!

In other words, if there is a rich second generation in the world of practice!

Zhurong and Gonggong are the second generation of the rich!

The two of them are the fathers of the Lord of the Universe!

"Dad! Daddy! Why are you looking for us?"

At this time, Zhu Rong's voice sounded in the field.

There was curiosity in his big, clear eyes.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was about to speak...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the sky suddenly shook, and two beams of light descended from the sky, landing in front of Zhu Rong and Gonggong one after another.

Then two black tokens slowly fell along the beam of light...

Seeing this scene, Zhu Rong and Gonggong both opened their eyes wide and were curious...

Qin Feng showed a knowing smile and heaved a sigh of relief...

Everything was as he expected. As soon as the two little guys appeared, Tiandao recognized their identities and issued them Holy Land tokens.

"Little guys, take the token! This is Tiandao's recognition of your identity!"

"Oh!"

The two little guys caught the token obediently, and watched curiously...

I saw their names and information in the token...

"Okay! You go back to the small universe first, and when you reach the end, Dad will call you out!"

"Okay! Dad!"

The two little guys nodded obediently.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and sent the two little guys into the small universe.

After doing this, he was divided into two parts and turned into a very positive body and a very negative body.

In the next second, the two main bodies stepped forward and rushed to the end...

huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of light and shadow, the polar yang body first passed through the light curtain, and the polar yin body followed closely...

After passing through the light curtain, Ji Yang's body felt bright, and his vision suddenly became wider!

I saw a huge square in front of the two main bodies!

Looking at the back of the square, there is actually an endless starry sky.

The starry sky is full of star wreckage, like a starry sky battlefield, exuding the breath of ancient times, giving people a desolate and majestic feeling!