Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

That starry sky battlefield is the land of the gods!

In other words, the huge square in front is connected to the Holy Land Passage at one end and the Relic Land at the other end!

At this moment, the square is empty!

The two main bodies hurriedly walked towards the square!

In just a few seconds, Jiyang's body was the first to set foot on the square.

As soon as he stepped on it, the sound of heaven echoed in the sky above the square...

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng (Jiyang body) for stepping on the finish line and winning the first place in this round! Reward 30,000 Reputation Points! 】

[It is detected that the player's Holy Land points have reached 7337 points, and the player will be rewarded with a pass order of 7 pieces of Jiutianzhen Temple! 】

[Reminder: Players' Holy Land Points can enter the Nine Heavens Temple to exchange for corresponding resources! 】

[Reminder: Only players below the True God Realm can enter the Nine Heavens True Temple with a token! 】

[Reminder: After this round of opportunities is over, the ranking rewards of this round will be issued! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Jiyang body is full of surprises!

At this time, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng (the very yin body) for stepping on the finish line and winning the second place in this round! 20,000 Reputation Points awarded! 】

[It is detected that the player's Holy Land points have reached 2736 points, and the player will be rewarded with 2 pieces of the pass order for the Nine Heavens Temple! 】

…

Om~! Om~!

As soon as the reminder was over, two white beams of light descended from the sky and landed on the two avatars...

There are 7 golden tokens in a beam of light, and 2 golden tokens in a beam of light!

Those are the orders for the Nine Heavens Temple!

Soon, the rewards are over!

The two bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

At this moment, he looked at the 9 tokens in his hand with joy and heaved a sigh of relief.

He won all the first and second places in this round of chances!

At the same time, he also gained 50,000 reputation points, reaching a total of 490,000 reputation points.

As long as he gains another 10,000 reputation points, he can be promoted to the ultimate preacher!

In short, everything went as he wished, and he was very satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Task reminder: You have left the secret realm of the star map, you can let the 'Zhutian Array' recognize the master and submit this task! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he quickly waved his hand, and a map appeared in front of him, exuding an amazing avenue!

That's the Heaven Punishing Array!

In the next second, Qin Feng broke his fingers and blood clotted, and 880 bounced towards the Heaven Punishing Array

Pa~!

A soft sound!

As soon as the blood essence landed on the array map, it was completely absorbed by it!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the array diagram trembled, and the aura burst forth, illuminating the entire square!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Task Reminder: The Heaven Execution Array has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master]

[Heaven Punishment Array: Peak of Creation, including Time Avenue, Space Avenue, and Void Killing Avenue]

[Congratulations on getting the mission reward of this stage: Awakening the Avenue of Void Killing]

[Congratulations on comprehending the 1% Dao Rhyme of Void Killing Avenue, your combat power + 200 million stars]

[Congratulations on your awakening the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of False Killing! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +250 million stars]

[Your universe has successfully integrated the Dao of Void Killing, which has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 250 million stars of the power of the universe to feed back]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum began to skyrocket wildly...

But without waiting for those to end, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[It is detected that you have awakened the Dao of Void Killing, you have mastered six types of Dao of Killing, and your magical power 'Seven Killing Divine Body' is automatically advanced...]

【Advanced success! Your seven-kill **** body has been promoted from top to **** level]

[Seven Killing Divine Physique (God Level): Awaken the six killing avenues, you can activate it]

[When the state is on, the attack power skyrockets by 70%, and the maintenance time is 4 hours]

[Reminder: After the Seven Kills Divine Physique is complete, it can be superimposed with the 'Knowing Strike' or 'Six Prisons Suppressing the Sky']

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum continued to skyrocket!

After a long time, everything calmed down!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

His Seven Killing Divine Physique has finally been promoted to the **** level. As long as he masters another way of killing and cutting, he can reach the Tao level, which is the perfect state.

At that time, he will be able to stack up with the Six Prisons, and his attack power will increase by leaps and bounds!

Of course, the Divine Physique of Seven Kills can only be superimposed with the Six Hells Suppressing Heaven, or it can only be superimposed with a knowing strike!

The three magical powers cannot be stacked together!

Unless the Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven and Awareness Strike have reached a complete state, they can only be stacked together!

The consummation of Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven must at least awaken the Six Realms Avenue!

Chapter 914 The harvest is amazing! Nine Heavens Temple!

At this time, the system sent a prompt

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'virtual killing avenue' of your perception, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

Fortune Jade Plate is automatically activated!

Another 100 million combat power has been fed back!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

So far, the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 114, and the basic combat power has reached 320.5 billion stars!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: congratulations on completing the SS-level 'Sword Sword Array' quest, and now the SS-level quest rewards will be distributed]

【Reward players with 200 million star power!】

【Reward players with 3 times the luck value!】

[Reward players with 3 Chaos Treasure Chests (full state)! 】

[Reward players with 4 Chaos Qi (Chaos Level)! 】

[Reward the player 'Destroyer Daojing' (Xiantian)! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up! Surprised and delighted!

This time the reward is richer than he expected!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Om~!

Before he could think about it, a golden reward beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, his combat power and luck skyrocketed wildly!

After a long time, the combat power and luck rewards are over!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed to 340.5 billion stars, and his luck value has also skyrocketed to 20,000 times!

This has greatly improved his overall strength!

Having said that, after he killed Yaotai Xuannv, he did not absorb her luck.

That's because the true spirit of the Yaotai Xuannv, after reincarnating into the Yaochi golden mother spirit egg, automatically absorbed the luck of the previous life.

Now that Yaochi Jinmu has become his pet of war, he will naturally not absorb its luck.

Besides, the pets born from the atmosphere are destined to be extraordinary, and they will have a great effect on Qin Feng!

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook and another beam of light fell.

Then, three chaotic treasure chests, four gray auras, and a black Dao crystal slowly fell along the beam of light.

When the treasure fell in front of him, Qin Feng happily took the three chaotic treasure chests.

So far, there are 9 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete state) in his hands!

As long as he gets another one, he will be able to condense a Dao-level treasure chest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the chaotic treasure chest with satisfaction.

Then, he continued to look at the four grey auras in front of him!

[Aura of Chaos: Wonders of Heaven and Earth, Chaos Level! 】

[Incorporating this qi into a good fortune-level artifact, it can be promoted to a good fortune-level peak-level artifact! 】

"Hey! This Chaos Qi is good!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

His Heaven Slaying Sword, Jue Heaven Sword, Heaven Slaughtering Sword, and Heaven Trapping Sword are all fortune-level artifacts.

He just happened to be able to integrate these four 'qi of chaos' into the four divine swords, and promote them all to the pinnacle level of creation!

In this way, when combined with the Heaven Execution Formation, the power of the Heaven Execution Sword Formation formed will definitely be improved by a large level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his heart burst into flames.

He is still very much looking forward to that Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

It is a powerful weapon for both offense and defense, and it can also be used for group attacks.

Immediately, he put away the four chaotic auras and looked at the last treasure

[Destroying the World Daojing (Xiantian): Refining this Daojing can awaken the Innate Dao - the Dao of Destruction! 】

If there is creation in the Congenital Dao, then there will be extinction!

This time, I got another innate avenue!

Qin Feng laughed!

The Innate Dao is the key to his growth, and it is what he needs the most!

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he sent the 'Destruction Daojing' into the small universe, allowing the mind body to refine it.

After doing this, he breathed a sigh of relief!

All the trivial matters have been dealt with, the next step is to let go of the subordinates and come out