Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It's a pity that she met Qin Feng, and she fell short!

However, she has made a big wish that she wants to be Qin Feng's concubine in the next life, which can't be said to be a bad thing!

After all, Qin Feng will become the lord of the universe, and can become the concubine of the lord of the universe, and his future status is probably higher than that of the Eternal Realm.

Having said that, the Xuannv of Yaotai has been reincarnated as the Golden Mother of Yaochi, which is the alias of the Queen Mother of the West in the myth of Longbi!

Just looking at the name, it is destined to have an extraordinary future!

Of course, it is impossible to speculate whether this Jade Pool Golden Mother is related to Longbi's Western Queen Mother!

Qin Feng sighed with emotion for a while, and then put away the "Three Corpse Technique" at will!

He has no interest in this supreme secret technique.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Because he has become the master of the universe, and has a method that is a hundred times stronger than "Three Corpse Cut"!

As long as he is promoted to the realm of the king of gods, and then perfects his universe to perfection, he can achieve eternity, and there is no need to cut three corpses!

At that time, his strength will be hundreds of times, thousands of times stronger than that of the Eternal Realm, even 10,000 times!

88 In short, although he can't use this "Three Corpse Cut", he can use it for his confidants such as Di Jiang and Jumang.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away "Three Corpse Cuts" and made another move!

The white light flashed again, and two more spirit flags appeared in front of him!

One side white! A black and white!

Everything is brilliant, and the weather is extraordinary!

That is the plain-colored Yunjie flag and the Zhenwu soap carving flag!

At this moment, Qin Feng first looked at the white plain cloud flag

[Plain Color Cloud World Flag (Western): One of the five innate flags, the pinnacle of good fortune, no master! 】

[Ben Lingqi contains: the avenue of gold, the avenue of firmness, the avenue of clouds! 】

[Reminder: You need to master one of the three ways of Jin, Jian, and Yunhai before you can recognize it as the master! 】

Seeing this information, Qin Feng smiled!

Everything was as he expected, as soon as the Yaotai Xuannv fell, the plain-colored cloud world flag became an ownerless thing, and the owner could be recognized again.

Then, he looked at the black Zhenwu soap carving flag again.

[Zhenwu soap carving flag (north): one of the five innate flags, the pinnacle of good fortune, no master! 】

[Ben Lingqi contains: the avenue of water, the avenue of solidity, the avenue of the deep sea! 】

【Reminder: You need to master one of the three ways of water, solid, and deep sea before you can recognize it as the master!】

It has also become a masterless thing!

Big money this time!

Qin Feng quickly broke the blood of his fingers and bounced towards the two great spirit flags.

Om~! Om~!

Soon, the two big spirit flags had absorbed the blood essence, and the light of the heavens was lit up!

huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the two great spirit flags turned into two auras and poured into his body.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Tiandao's reminder also came

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The plain color cloud border flag has recognized you as the master! 】

[You gained the insight of the Way of the Strongest from the 'Plain Color Cloud World Flag', and began to awaken the Way of Heaven—the Way of Strongness]

[You got the perception of Yunhai Avenue from the 'Plain Color Cloud Boundary Flag', and began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Yunhai Avenue]

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Zhenwu soap carving flag has recognized you as the master! 】

[You gained the insight of the Way of Guzhi from the 'Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag', and began to awaken the Way of Heaven—the Way of Guzhi]

[You gained the insight of Yuanhai Avenue from the ‘Zhenwu Soap Carved Flag’, and began to awaken the Houtian Avenue - Yuanhai Avenue]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with four-color avenues of light, and his momentum also skyrocketed!

After a long time, the awakening of the Dao is over!

The jade plate of good fortune was also activated automatically, recording the four avenues of new awakening!

So far, Qin Feng has mastered 118 avenues, and his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 343.5 billion stars!

"It's finally done!"

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy and showed a satisfied smile!

He also did not expect that there would be so many benefits for the two great spirit flags to recognize their masters!

Having said that, the defenses of each side of the innate five-party flag are extremely amazing!

If the five spirit flags are gathered together, the innate five-party array will be opened, and the power will be infinitely close to the weapon of the avenue, which can be called invincible defense!

That is what Qin Feng is looking forward to very much!

However, he had no time to think about that.

huh~!

At the moment, his figure flashed and disappeared in place.

It was Qin Feng who entered the Lingxiao Temple and began to scrape resources.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

Qin Feng's figure appeared above Lingxiao Temple.

At this moment, his face is full of joy!

The resources in Lingxiao Temple are rich, far exceeding his estimates, making him reap a lot of money again.

"I didn't expect that there was such a thing in the Lingxiao Temple!"

Qin Feng flipped the palm of his hand, and there was a six-color Dao Crystal in the palm of his hand, exuding the aura of the Heaven-shattering Dao!

[Six Realms Dao Crystal (50%): By refining this Dao Crystal, you can get 50% of the Dao Rhythm perception of the Six Realms Dao]

[Reminder: You need to awaken the SSS-level Six Paths of Reincarnation before refining this crystal]

"Such a precious Daojing, Yaotai Xuannv didn't refine it. I think she didn't awaken the SSS-level Six Paths of Reincarnation! It's cheaper for me!"

Qin Feng smiled, summoned a mind body, and handed Daojing over.

The mind body got Dao Jing and left with a look of surprise.

Looking at the back of the mind body leaving, Qin Feng's eyes were full of expectations.

Today, his comprehension of the Six Realms Avenue has reached 49.7%.

If you refine this Dao Crystal, it will be equivalent to 99.7%, and it will be one line away from awakening the Six Realms Avenue.

Awakening the Six Realms Avenue is of great significance to him!

As a result, he can make the 'Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven' supernatural power complete.

Second, you can also activate the vocation skills, recruit the Supreme Beings of the Three Realms, and incorporate Qingchengzi.

Then Houtu, Tianwu, Dijun, Taiyi, and Hongyun are all hatching soon.

As soon as these five little guys come out, they also need to recruit them.

The six seats of the Supreme Being of the Three Realms, in addition to one Qingchengzi, the other five seats are exactly for the five little guys!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly realized that the plan was perfect!

Maybe, if he wants to repel Venerable Puyin, he has to rely on these little guys to help!

Of course, just relying on these subordinates is not enough, he must be promoted to the real **** realm!

correct!

He should hurry up and go to the Nine Heavens Temple!

With that alone in mind, Qin Feng flashed away and disappeared in place.

In the next second, he was back in the square!

An hour has passed in the center of the universe, and only two or three minutes have passed in the outside world.

As soon as he returned to the square, he saw Zhu Rong, Gonggong, Styx, and Lantern gathered in a corner, all of them meditating with their eyes closed.

Zhu Rong and Gonggong both lit up with aura, and their breath increased bit by bit.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was quite relieved!

He gave the two little guys a lot of resources!

Presumably after he came back, the strength of the two little guys has improved by leaps and bounds!

Don't think so much anymore, it's time for him to go to Jiutian Zhen Temple!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to leave

But at this moment, at the exit of the eastern canyon passage, a figure rushed out!

Qin Feng looked up quickly and saw that it was Emperor Qing!

At the same moment, Emperor Qing also saw Qin Feng!

He was overjoyed: "Haha! Brother Qin Feng, I didn't see you on the way, I knew that you should have arrived first! Brother Qin Feng, did you get the first and second place?"

Qingdi smiled as he walked towards the square!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It did take the first and second place!"

Emperor Qing breathed a sigh of relief: "I knew, you can definitely do it! Tianzun's vision will never be wrong. By the way, brother Qin Feng, how long have you been here?"

Qin Feng replied casually: "It's just arrived! It's not more than five minutes!"

Qingdi's eyes lit up, and he said with great joy, "Haha! Brother Qin Feng, you have only arrived in less than 5 minutes! So, I should be the third!"

After this sentence fell, he walked into the square!

At this moment, he saw Zhu Rong and four others in the corner of the square.

He was stunned for a moment!

Immediately, he smiled bitterly: "It turns out that I am not the third, but the seventh!"

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the voice fell, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Congratulations to the player Qingdi for stepping on the finish line and winning the 14th place in this round! 】

[It is detected that the player has a Holy Land score of 329 points, and can enter the Jiutian Zhen Temple in exchange for the corresponding resources! 】

[Reminder: Only players below the True God Realm can enter the Nine Heavens True Temple with a token! 】

Boom~!

Qingdi was shocked, his eyes were wide open!

What? !

He was only fourteenth? !

Qingdi was completely dumbfounded!

Immediately, he looked around the square and found that there were only five Qin Feng and no one else!

Counting Qin Feng's two main bodies, why should he be the seventh, not the fourteenth!

Besides, Qin Feng has only been here for less than 5 minutes. How can there be more than a dozen players in such a short period of time?

"Brother Qin Feng, are you really the first to arrive?"