Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qingdi swallowed his saliva and couldn't help asking.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "It is indeed the first!"

"The first thirteen, who are those people?"

Qingdi asked anxiously.

He wanted to know who he lost to.

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

He couldn't say that the top thirteen seats were all won by his subordinates!

Seeing Qin Feng smiling but not answering, Qing Di was slightly taken aback, as if he had guessed something.

He smiled bitterly: "That's it! That's it! It seems that Qing can only get the 14th chance! By the way, Brother Qin Feng, the ranking reward this time is extremely rich!"

"Besides, there are some special opportunities, don't miss it!"

Qin Feng was curious: "What other opportunities are there?"

Emperor Qing smiled slightly and looked at the starry sky not far away.

"Brother Qin Feng, don't think that this starry sky is the land of the gods! In fact, it is also the battlefield of the ancient sky starry sky! A long time ago, the gods fought here, and countless gods fell! There is even a half-step eternal fall in it! "

"So, you can enter the land of the gods and look around, maybe you can find some ancient treasures! Or some battle scenes, there are still some Taoist sentiments left!"

"On those battlefields, it is also a good opportunity to gain insight into Dao Yun!"

Qin Feng suddenly said: "So this is the origin of the land of the gods!"

Immediately, he was a little worried: "If I go to find treasures, what if the time for the opportunity assessment comes and I can't get back in time?"

Emperor Qing said with a smile: "Brother Qin Feng, you don't have to worry about this! The land of the gods is an open opportunity, let the players who reach the finish line find it! If the opportunity time is up, Tiandao will automatically send you back to the square! "

"So it is!" Qin Feng nodded slightly.

"Time is precious! Brother Qin Feng, Qing is going to the 'Land of the Gods' to find an opportunity, and we will meet again after the opportunity is over!"

At the moment, Emperor Qing bowed his hands to Qin Feng, then turned around and walked towards the land of the gods.

He took a few steps just now, thought of something again, and looked back at Qin Feng.

"By the way! Brother Qin Feng, has your vocation been promoted to High-level Hongmeng Supreme?"

"not yet!"

Qin Feng didn't hide it.

Emperor Qing took a deep breath and said, "Brother Qin Feng, if you have the opportunity, try to upgrade your vocation to the high-level Hongmeng Supreme! That will be of great help in obtaining the 'Domain Lord Inheritance'!"

"Well! Thank you for letting me know!"

"Farewell!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Qing Emperor dodged and flew into the endless starry sky.

Looking at the back of Qingdi leaving, Qin Feng didn't stop.

He doesn't have time to go to the 'Land of the Gods' to find ancient opportunities, and he has to go to the Nine Heavens Temple to complete the realm promotion!

huh~!

Thinking of this, he turned into a white light and disappeared in the square!

The next second, he appeared in the depths of the endless starry sky.

Di Jiang, Jumang, Feng Xi and others are nearby.

He was summoned through space and teleported to everyone in an instant.

"dad!"

"Master (City Lord)!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they all came forward to greet him with joy.

"Dad, you are finally here! If you don't come, we will go to the Nine Heavens Temple! What do you see over there?!"

Xiao Luan'er pointed to the distance with a look of excitement.

Qin Feng followed the sound and saw that hundreds of millions of miles away, there was a towering temple, suspended in the starry sky!

From a distance, the temple was even bigger than a planet.

That is the Nine Heavens Temple!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled: "It seems that I didn't waste time! Let's go!"

"Um!"

Everyone responded and rushed to the temple together.

PS: It’s the beginning of the month, and the little author wants to ask all readers to ask for a monthly ticket, thank you here! ! !

Chapter 916 Innate Awakening! The Three Realms are formed!

At the speed of Qin Feng and his party, the distance of hundreds of millions of miles is only a quarter of an hour!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Along the way, everyone rushed to the temple while chatting.

"Dad, what is the Nine Heavens True Temple like? It won't be the same as the False God realm assessment, will it?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

The little girl is very curious.

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "I don't know! It must be different!"

Only after these words fell, Yu Xuanji echoed: "Master is right! Promotion to the True God Realm is completely different from the False God Realm. There is no need for assessment, as long as the strength reaches a certain standard!"

"That's right! It is still necessary for the Jiutian Zhen Temple to have surplus gods. As long as the number of gods is sufficient, it will only take a few minutes to advance to the real **** realm!"

"Promotion was difficult in the past, because the number of divine positions was limited, and there were many players participating in the competition. Then the players had to play against each other~, and the best ones were obtained!"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "Yes! Sister Xuanji, how many **** positions have you accumulated this time in the Nine Heavens True Divine Realm? Is it not enough?"

Speaking of this, the little girl was a little worried.

Di Jiang and Jumang also showed concern.

There are eight of them, and Qin Feng can get two gods.

In this way, they need nine gods!

Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "Don't worry! The Nine Heavens Temple is open to the public once every 100 years, and each time there are tens of thousands of gods. Now, it has been thirty or forty years since the last opening, and there are at least three or four thousand gods. , enough for us to get!"

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "Wow! That's great! So, as long as we enter the Nine Heavens True Temple, we can be promoted to the True God Realm?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "It should be so! By the way, I heard a rumor that there are some special divine positions in the Nine Heavens True God Realm, which have never been obtained by others. I don't know if it is true?"

After hearing this, everyone was curious.

Qin Feng became more and more curious about the Nine Heavens Temple.

He also wanted to know, what kind of special place is there in the Nine Heavens True Temple?

Soon, the group finally arrived in front of Jiutianzhen Temple.

I saw that the temple was incomparably tall and could not look up to the end. Its whole body was shining and it was extremely sacred!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eight people are standing at the entrance, all looking up in amazement, the entrance door of hundreds of millions of feet!

Little Luan'er, Di Jiang, Jumang and other little guys are even more nervous and excited!

"Dad! Here we are!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er said excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's go! Go in and see what the situation is in this temple!"

As soon as the voice fell, he was divided into two, and turned into a very positive body and a very negative body!

Afterwards, the two main bodies each held a True God Token and walked towards the gate of light...

Xiao Luan'er seven people took out the true **** order, followed closely...

Soon, the body of the polar sun came to the door of light, and was the first to cross the door of light.

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The token in his hand suddenly turned into a ball of golden light, pouring into his body...

In the next second, Jiyang's body easily penetrated the light gate and entered a huge corridor!

I saw that on both sides of the corridor, there were phantom walls as high as hundreds of millions of feet.

Various galaxies, galaxies, black holes and other illusions appear on it, which are constantly changing and mysterious!

At this moment, white light flashed behind Ji Yang's body, and everyone came in one after another!

"Dad! We're in!"

Xiao Luan'er looked at both sides of the corridor nervously!

Di Jiang, Jumang and others also held their breaths, not even daring to breathe.

As soon as they stepped into this temple, they felt a solemn aura.

"Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Yang's body led the way.

The crowd followed!

At this moment, Feng Xi was walking in the penultimate position, and Yu Xuanji was at the back.

It didn't take long for Yu Xuanji's gaze to fall on Feng Xi's back.

"Hey! Feng Xi this is..."

Yu Xuanji was surprised.

She found that Feng Xi's walking posture was a little strange, and she seemed to be a little uncomfortable.

Thinking of this, she hurriedly stepped forward and whispered in Feng Xi's ear.

"Sister Fengxi, are you not feeling well? I see that you feel uncomfortable walking!"

Feng Xi was on her way, when she suddenly heard this, her pretty face blushed inexplicably.

Then, she quickly explained: "Sister Xuanji, I'm fine!"

As soon as the words fell, Feng Xi seemed to be afraid that Yu Xuanji would see something, and quickly accelerated her pace...

Seeing this, Yu Xuanji's eyes showed a strange look.

As someone from the past, she seemed to have guessed something.

After thinking about it, I didn't go to the master after I practiced the Bloodline Secret with my master last time.

It seems that after leaving the Holy Land, I have to take the initiative...

Unconsciously, the group walked to the end of the corridor and entered the main hall of the main hall!

As soon as they entered the hall, everyone was shocked by the sight in front of them!

I saw a huge scroll floating in the sky above the hall!

Its texture is like brocade, its shape is like imperial decree, and its size is comparable to a moon!

At this moment, the mysterious scroll is open, floating in mid-air, blooming with endless heavenly might!

As soon as Ji Yang's body moved, he peeped towards the scroll...

[Fengshen Bang: A device of the avenue, no master can be recognized, only the master of the universe can control it]

[This list will automatically include the vacant gods in this universe, and it will be divided into nine grades according to the quality of the gods. 】

Boom~!

The anode body is shocked!

This list of gods is actually a tool of the avenue!