Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

In the next second, the crystal ball activates and vibrates softly

Then, a strange spiritual idea connected with Qin Feng's idea through the crystal ball as a bridge.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Your idea has been successfully connected with Jiutian Mall! 】

[Reminder: The resources of this mall need to be exchanged with 'Holy Land Points'! 】

[Reminder: Those who have the title of "Lord of Destiny", the exchange price is only 70%! 】

[Reminder: For those who have the title of "Lord of Ultimate Destiny", the exchange price is only 50%! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was surprised and delighted!

The way of heaven really favors those with great luck!

He is not only the lord of destiny, but also the lord of ultimate destiny!

Then he only needs 40% of the price to exchange resources!

Having said that, his polar yang body has 7337 points, and his polar yin body has 2736 points, and the total is 173 points!

In other words, Qin Feng has 173 points available.

Such points are already extremely terrifying!

If he remembered correctly, Qingdi only got 329 points!

You must know that Qingdi is the strongest existence among the players except Qin Feng.

Those players who are stronger than Qingdi have already been killed by Qin Feng!

Even Qingdi only scored 329 points, not to mention the rest of the players.

Those players can get 30 points, that's amazing.

I don’t think so much anymore. The most important thing now is, do you have the resources you need in this mall?

With this in mind, Qin Feng's thoughts were immersed in the mall!

The next second, the mall interface appeared in his mind!

Lines of resource information emerge.

[Wan Jinzi: Spirit Grass, Top Grade Divine Rank]

[Original price: 2 Holy Land points]

[Bharazi: Spiritual Grass, the Best God Rank]

[Original price: 2 Holy Land points]

[Tianxianzi: spirit grass, the best god-level]

[Original price: 2 Holy Land points]

[Wannian Zhuguo: Spiritual Fruits, Top Grade Divine Rank]

Just a little look, Qin Feng was surprised!

The resources in the Nine Heavens Mall are indeed extremely rich!

The worst is the spiritual plant of the best god-level!

The price of those spiritual plants is only 2 points.

And Qin Feng is the master of ultimate destiny. If he wants to buy it, he only needs 1 point!

"1 point can be exchanged for a top-quality spiritual plant. I have 10,000 points in my hand, so I can exchange for 10,000 top-quality spiritual plants!"

Qin Feng thought excitedly in his heart!

If he really exchanged for 10,000 top-grade god-level spiritual plants, then using the spiritual plant to swallow, the combat power will definitely increase by a lot!

At that time, I am afraid that it will be a lot more than the spiritual energy swallowed in the secret realm of the star map!

Of course, it's hard to say whether there are 10,000 top-quality god-level spiritual plants in this mall!

Qin Feng suppressed his excitement and continued to browse

He looks more and more excited!

The wealth of resources in the mall was far beyond his imagination.

After the top-quality god-level spiritual plants, some good-fortune-level spiritual plants appeared one after another.

Fortune-level spiritual plants generally contain Dao rhyme!

Devouring the fortune-level spiritual plant, there is a chance to awaken a new avenue!

This is what Qin Feng needs most!

Look at the price of those good-fortune spiritual plants, 20 points per plant!

Qin Feng only needs 10 points to exchange for a plant, which is really a big profit!

In this way, Qin Feng browsed all the way

Soon, he browsed to the last page of the mall and saw the treasure of the town store.

There are three treasures in the town shop, all of them are extraordinary!

Qin Feng can't wait to check it out

[Void Dao Crystal 50% (innate): Dao crystal class, good luck grade]

[Reminder: By refining this Dao Crystal, you can obtain 50% Dao Rhythm perception of the Dao of Nothingness]

[Original price: 4 Holy Land points]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised!

The road to nothingness!

One of the innate avenues!

He had obtained the 'Void Dao Scroll' before, and the mind body has been comprehending!

It's just that the speed of the comprehension scroll is too slow, and now I have realized 7% of the rhythm, and it is still a long way from a complete awakening.

Now, when he saw the Void Dao Crystal, he was naturally excited.

As long as he refines this Dao Crystal, the awakening speed can be greatly improved!

Awakening the Xiantian Avenue is what Qin Feng cares about the most at present!

This 50% Void Dao Crystal, he has to decide!

After calming down for a while, Qin Feng continued to look at the second treasure

[Chaos Dao Crystal 50% (innate): Dao crystal class, good luck grade]

[Reminder: Refining this Dao Crystal can get 50% Dao Rhythm perception of Chaos Avenue]

[Original price: 4 Holy Land points]

Chaos Avenue!

The power is above the Dao of Nothingness, and it belongs to an innate Dao that is extremely difficult to comprehend!

Qin Feng has been comprehending the 'Chaos Avenue Scroll' for a while, and it has only reached 49.3%.

If he refines this Dao Crystal, then the Awakening Chaos Avenue is just around the corner!

Then, Qin Feng looked at the last treasure

[Original Daojing (innate): Daojing class, good luck grade! 】

[Reminder: Refining this Dao Crystal can awaken the Innate Dao—Original Dao! 】

[Original Price: 8 Holy Land Points]

The last one is actually the complete Innate Great Way!

Ha ha!

And get a new innate avenue!

Since there is the Dao of Nothingness in the Innate Dao, there is naturally the Dao of Origin!

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer hesitated and started the exchange

【Successful exchange! You spent 4 Holy Land points to exchange for the original Daojing (Xiantian)]

【Successful exchange! You spent 2 Holy Land points to exchange Chaos Dao Crystal 50% (innate)]

【Successful exchange! You spent 2 Holy Land Points to exchange for 50% Void Dao Crystal (Xiantian)]

Soon, Qin Feng exchanged the treasures of the three town shops, and spent a total of 8 points.

If it is replaced by someone else, it will take 16 points to redeem!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

Subsequently, he continued to exchange resources

After a quarter of an hour, he spent all the points in his hand.

He exchanged for thirteen Taiqing Daojing!

The acquired avenues contained in the thirteen Taiqing Daojing are all that he has not mastered!

Each one costs 1 point, and a total of 13 points are spent!

After exchanging Daojing, Qin Feng exchanged the remaining points for Lingzhi.

He exchanged a total of more than 7,000 top-quality god-level spiritual plants and more than 30 fortune-level spiritual plants.

The spiritual plant resources in the mall were completely exchanged by him, but he still had an extra thousand points in his hand.

Qin Feng also used the extra points to loot the medicine pill resources in the mall.

So far, 90% of the resources in the mall have been looted by Qin Feng!

There are only some artifacts, divine cards and other resources left, all of which Qin Feng does not like.

Of course, those artifacts and divine card resources might be useful to Di Jiang and others.

And Di Jiang and others also had some points in their hands, and Qin Feng left them to exchange for themselves.

"Finally redeemed!"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the front with joy.

In front of him, there are more than 7,000 top-quality god-level spiritual plants hanging in front of him, among which there are more than 30 kinds of good-fortune-level spiritual plants, all of which have their own rays of light...

The more than 7,000 spiritual plants are connected together by the rays of light!

The entire hall of the temple is reflected in a splendid, magnificent atmosphere!

Qin Feng can't wait to see this!

In the next second, he pinched the seal with his hand and activated the devouring of spiritual plants, devouring the more than 7,000 spiritual plants.

【Swallowing success! You devoured the source of the curse grass (fortune-level), and obtained the rhythm perception of the "cursed avenue"]

【Swallowing success! You devoured the source of Wuxiang Fruit (fortune-telling level), and obtained the Dao rhyme perception of the 'Wuxiang Dao']

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way, and his body is constantly exuding new Dao rhyme.

This devouring took half an hour to end!

All those spiritual plants withered away, some turned into silt, some turned into ashes

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After being swallowed, he has soared by more than 200 million combat power, and his basic combat power has reached 367.4 billion stars!

At the same time, the more than 30 good-fortune-level spiritual plants awakened 16 new acquired avenues!

"The harvest this time is really beyond expectations!"