Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't take long for the two to close the deal.

Nguyen Phuc was overjoyed.

In the regional channel, everyone is also envious.

At the same time, they also have a message in their hearts.

It seems that Lord Qin Feng is somewhat interested in items whose quality has been reduced due to corrosion.

That being the case, they have to be careful.

If they encounter similar equipment in the future, they can also trade with Lord Qin Feng...

At the same time, Longyuan Village was left somewhere in the grassland.

Qin Feng looked at the three pieces of equipment in front of him with excitement on his face.

Those three pieces of equipment: a pair of bracers and two bracelets.

The three pieces of equipment are all rusted, with some dampness, and the smell of dark erosion.

Qin Feng first looked at the wrist guard.

[Corrosive Bracers (Double): Tier 2 item, Defense +30, Constitution +20, Dark Resistance +100%. 】

Fuck it~!

Looking at the properties of this bracer, even if it is corroded, it is a lot stronger than the dragon elephant bracer in his hand!

[Dragon Elephant Bracers (Double): Defense +20, Constitution +5, Earth Resistance +100%. 】Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At the moment, Qin Feng put one hand on the wrist guard and launched endless extraction.

Om~!

A flash of white light flashed!

The rust, moisture, and the power of dark corrosion on the wristband disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In a twinkling of an eye, the wristbands became shiny silver, and the holy light radiated out, as if brand new.

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted the power of corrosion from the 'Corrupted Bracers (Double)', and the 'Corrupted Bracers (Dual)' has been promoted to the 'Bright Bracers'. 】

[Braces of Light: Tier 3 items, Defense +60, Constitution +50, Dark Resistance +100%. 】

[Reminder: The Bracers of Light are the relics of the light messengers, which will only appear in a very small number of novice villages. 】

good! good!

The attributes of this light bracer are too powerful!

By the way, it also suggests that it is the relic of the light messenger.

Is there any hidden mission information hidden?

Qin Feng was quite curious.

However, he did not continue to entangle on this issue, and directly replaced the Dragon Elephant Bracers.

As soon as this equipment was changed, his attributes greatly increased, and his strength suddenly increased a lot, which made him feel dark.

continue! continue!

He still has two pieces of equipment to deal with.

[Corrosive Left Bracelet: Tier 2 item, Strength +30, Agility +10, Dark Resistance +100%. 】

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted the power of corrosion from the 'Corrupted Left Bracelet', and the 'Corrupted Left Bracelet' has been promoted to the 'Bright Left Bracelet'. 】

[Bright Left Bracelet: Tier 3 item, Strength +60, Agility +20, Dark Resistance +100%. 】

[Reminder: The bracelet of light is a relic of the messenger of light, and it will only appear in a very small number of novice villages. 】

Qin Feng quickly replaced the first-order power bracelet and put on the Guangming left bracelet, his strength improved again.

He then moved on to the last item.

[Corrosive right bracelet: second-order item, strength +30, agility +10, darkness resistance +100%. 】

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted the power of corrosion in the 'Corrupted Right Bracelet', and the 'Corrupted Right Bracelet' has been promoted to the 'Bright Right Bracelet'. 】

[Bright Right Bracelet: Tier 3 item, Strength +60, Agility +20, Dark Resistance +100%. 】

[Reminder: The Bright Right Bracelet is a relic of the messenger of light, and it will only appear in a very small number of novice villages. 】

Qin Feng quickly replaced the dragon elephant bracelet and put on the bright right bracelet, and his strength improved again.

According to the rules of heaven, each person can only wear two bracelets, and wearing more than three is invalid.

So far, Qin Feng has equipped with shotguns and cannons, basically above the third rank, and his strength has been greatly enhanced.

He couldn't wait to open the properties panel.

[Level]: Level 14 (317000/4000000)

[Holy Duty]: Level 4 Judge (395/1000)

[Reputation]: 77 (novice emperor)

[Strength]: 911+170 (The Profound Truth of Power, Grade B)

[Agility]: 914+140 (the true meaning of speed, C level)

[Physical constitution]: 912+65 (the true meaning of the body, C level)

[Energy]: 944+100 (Six senses psychic, B level.)

[Elemental talent]: The true meaning of fire (C-level), the true meaning of earth (C-level), the true meaning of gold (C-level), the true meaning of ice (water) (B-level), the secret of wood (B-level), the secret of darkness (Class B)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Hellfire (Tier 3), Outward Energy (Tier 3), Rejuvenation (Tier 3), Phantom Clone (Tier 3) Rank), Shadow Binding (Tier 3), Ice Storm (Tier 4), Necromancy (Tier 4)

Combat evaluation: 94 stars.

good! good!

Once the equipment is changed, the combat power increases by 3 stars in a row.

Another big step forward from the threshold of prefecture-level combat power!

It's so cool!

Qin Feng looked happy.

By the way, a lot of time wasted.

He should go too.

If you delay any longer, it will be dark.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly hung the power bracelet, dragon elephant bracelet, and dragon elephant bracer on the trading channel.

After doing this, he hurried to Hellfire

Chapter 112 Victory is in sight, step by step!

Just as Qin Feng was on his way to Huoyu Mountain, the chat channel of Longyuan Village was already bursting with excitement.

Everyone is frantically celebrating the upgrade of Liu Xuan and Liu Yuan.

"Haha! It's great! It's really great! Liu Xuan and Liu Yuan have risen to level 10 almost at the same time."

"Yeah! Our Longyuan Village is a big step closer to being a level 1 village."

"I'm looking forward to it! Little sister is looking forward to the upgrade of our village! I don't know what the reward will be this time?"

"Haha! The girl upstairs is still 7 level 10 bosses away before she can level up!"

"Yeah! Think about it and get anxious! Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, you guys, you have to do your best!"

"Yeah! Several bosses! Come on! The whole village is waiting for you!"

Lei Jue: "Everyone, we know that you are in a hurry, and so am I! I've been killing monsters, and I haven't stopped at all. The pressure is too great."

Wu Yong: "Yeah! I'm almost dead from exhaustion, but I'm still about 61% less energy than level 10. It's going to be a while, I can't get up."

Longshan: "It's weird! It's weird! In the past, Liu Yuan's performance was mediocre. Why is he so powerful this time that he almost surpassed Liu Xuan and won the third place."

Lei Jue: "Yeah! I feel weird too! I asked that kid how he did it, but he didn't answer me for a long time."

As soon as these words fell, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Haha! It's cool! It's so cool! I have three bronze treasure chests, and I have opened two second-order items and a treasure chest synthesis card."

Lei Jue: "Fuck~! Liu Yuan, you are finally willing to come out."

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, Boss Qin Feng is buying synthetic cards. You can trade your cards to him."

Liu Yuan: "Of course! I'll trade the boss in a while!"

Longshan: "Liu Yuan, why are you leveling up so fast?"

Liu Yuan: "Haha! I was about to tell you this secret."

At this time, Liu Xuan also jumped out.

Liu Xuan: "I was about to tell you this secret too."

"Wow! Boss Liu Xuan knows that too!"

"Two bosses! Hurry up! We really want to know!"

"Yeah! As long as we master that secret, the upgrade speed of our Longyuan Village will be greatly accelerated."

Liu Yuan: "Haha! The secret is actually very simple. It is to earn contribution points in exchange for energy stones."

At the moment, Liu Yuan explained all the operations.

After the crowd heard it, they cheered.

"Haha! Got it! I finally know how to play!"

"Liu Yuan, you are really a thief! You actually thought of the novice short knife."

"Fuck~! There is only one novice short knife in hand, and the market is relatively huge. Why didn't I expect it!"

"Haha! Excited! So excited! Brothers, I'm going to buy novice short knives and earn power stones."

Liu Xuan: "Hold on! Hold on! Everyone, I have a suggestion, let's listen to it first."

"What proposal? Liu Xuan, please speak up!"

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, the most urgent task for our Longyuan Village now is to upgrade the village to level 1. There are still 7 people left to upgrade to level 10, and then we can reach the upgrade standard."

Liu Xuan: "So, I suggest that the top ten people such as Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, etc., go to the regional channel to acquire the novice short knife, and others should not be in a hurry to acquire it."

Liu Xuan: "After all, if there are too many people, the speed of earning power stones will be slower, which will affect their upgrade speed."

"Boss Liu Xuan is right! Let Lei Jue and several bosses upgrade first. Let's endure it first, don't rush to buy it."

"That's right! The primary goal of everything is to upgrade the village. Don't grab business with those big bosses."

"Haha!! Support! I support!"

"I support it too!"

At this moment, everyone echoed in unison.

The unity of Longyuan Village is vividly displayed.

For the common goal, everyone can put aside their own interests.

Lei Jue and others were also greatly moved.

Lei Jue: "Brothers, thank you for your support. I can promise that as soon as I reach level 10, I will quit the regional channel immediately, stop doing that business, and keep it for you."

Longshan: "That's what I mean too!"

Wu Yong: "It's a good idea! I agree!"

"Several bosses, hurry up and buy novice short knives! Time is running out!"

"Yeah! Our village is still level 0!"