Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Qin Feng was full of excitement

But before he was happy, the jade plate of good fortune was automatically activated.

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Dao of Curse' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Wuxiang Dao', and you have obtained the permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: Fortune Jade Plate

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, the jade plate of good fortune was automatically recorded, the 16 avenues of new insights!

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has exceeded 120, which has reached the advanced requirements, and the advanced is automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from Tier 3 to Tier 4! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 4th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 5%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 4th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 5%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 4th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 9 billion stars! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum exploded again.

The advanced stage of the jade plate to be created is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of ecstasy!

Fortune Jade Plate is so powerful this time, it has soared by 9 billion battle power at one time!

As a result, his basic combat power reached 378 billion stars, and the number of avenues he mastered reached 134!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such an improvement!

"378 billion combat power! It's not far from 400 million. It is estimated that there will be a 40% success rate!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked up at the Fengshen List not far away, evaluating his chances of winning in his heart

40% chance!

He still feels too low!

This time, after leaving the secret realm, he will encounter Venerable Quan Yin, and the situation will definitely be extremely dangerous!

For this, he has to be well prepared.

Therefore, he must be promoted to the real **** realm!

If he wanted to be promoted to True God successfully, he couldn't fail because of the chance that Waitian challenged that day.

If he fails, he will not be able to be promoted to True God within a hundred years.

Therefore, he felt that the 40% chance was too low.

"It seems that those Taiqing Dao crystals that were exchanged before should also be refined!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart that he was about to return to the small universe

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

An incomparably majestic Dao power radiated from his sea of ​​consciousness and instantly poured into his body

Tiandao also sent a reminder at the same time

[Congratulations for refining 50% of the Six Realms Daojing (Xiantian), your understanding of the Dao Yun of the Six Realms Dao has reached 1%]

[Congratulations on your awakening the Innate Dao - the Dao of the Six Realms! You have been blessed by the power of the Dao, and the combat power has increased by +400 million stars]

[Your 'primary universe' has successfully integrated the Six Realms Avenue, and you will permanently receive +400 million star power backfeeding from the universe]

[Congratulations on your awakening of the 'Six Realms Dao', your vocation supernatural power 'Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven' has been completed, and you have been promoted to Dao-level supernatural powers! With its blessing, the attack power can be doubled! 】

[Congratulations on awakening the 'Six Realms Avenue', your vocation divine ability 'Supreme Seal of the Three Realms' is automatically activated. You can condense the Supreme Divine Seal and recruit six Supreme Beings of the Three Realms! 】

[Congratulations on awakening the 'Six Realms Avenue', your universe center has automatically divided into three realms: heaven, earth, and hell]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was an earth-shattering roar from the center of Qin Feng's universe!

That is the center of the universe dividing the three realms!

At the same time, a dazzling blue light lit up between Qin Feng's eyebrows.

The seal of the universe automatically appeared!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The green lotus mark, which originally bloomed with twelve petals, is now condensing the thirteenth petal!

A petal represents an innate avenue!

Qin Feng has awakened thirteen innate avenues, and naturally thirteen petals must be condensed!

During this process, the Fortune Jade Plate was also activated automatically, recording the newly awakened Six Realms Avenue!

After a long time, everything stopped!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

At this moment, his basic combat power has reached 379.1 billion stars, and the number of master avenues has reached 135.

In addition, the seal of the universe between his eyebrows has also become a flower with thirteen petals.

"Hu~! It's finally finished! I wonder what my 'cosmos center' has become?"

When Qin Feng thought about it, the seal of the universe between his eyebrows disappeared.

Then, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, he appeared in the center of the small universe.

At this moment, he was suspended between heaven and earth, looking into the air

I saw that above the nine heavens, the prototype of the space originally condensed by the clear spiritual energy has evolved into a complete space.

That space is the newly born heaven, which is full of pure and spiritual energy, and it looks like a fairyland, like a fairyland!

Qin Feng was extremely satisfied! 4.7

Afterwards, he overlooked the earth, and his consciousness penetrated into the underworld.

I saw that under the nine seclusions, the prototype of the space that was originally condensed by the turbid air also evolved into a complete space at this time!

It is full of turbid air, it looks dark and deep, like hell!

That's the **** that just took shape!

The Three Realms were born!

Heaven is the air of pure spirit, **** is the air of turbidity, and the world is the intersection of pure spirit and turbidity!

Your own universe is getting better and better!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, the white light flashed in front of him, and sixteen mind bodies appeared.

In the next second, he took out the thirteen Taiqing Dao Crystals, 50% Chaos Dao Crystals, 50% Void Dao Crystals, and Innate Origin Dao Crystals and handed them over to those mind bodies.

After those mind bodies got the Dao crystal, they went to refining with excitement.

After doing this, Qin Feng clapped his hands and began to make some adjustments to the center of the universe.

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

The center of the universe has undergone tremendous changes!

I saw a giant continent floating in the heaven, which is exactly where the nine heavens are.

Yaochi Wonderland and Renshui Pan Taoyuan were all moved to that continent by him.

There are also Lingxiao Temple, Qin Feng's Palace of the City Lord, and the noble pavilion of all subordinates.

Those many buildings and fairyland are combined together, like a heavenly palace, and the weather is extraordinary!

Looking at the human world, there are ginseng fruit trees, Huangzhong plum, Fenglei Xianxian, Fusang sacred tree, Sun Tangchi and other spiritual roots and blessed places!

Finally, in the **** world, Qin Feng moved the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' into it, which is more suitable for placing the blood sea!

So far, the Three Realms have been initially perfected, and the structure has become more stable!

"It's finally done!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked around the world and felt very satisfied.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and looked somewhere far away with a face of surprise.

PS: It's the beginning of the month, and the little author has the audacity to ask for a monthly pass again, thank you! !.

Chapter 918 Fengchan Heaven Monument! Kill the snake!

At this moment, Qin Feng looked around the world and felt very satisfied.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and looked somewhere far away with a face of surprise.

The next second, as soon as he beckoned, a white light flashed in front of him, and a middle-aged man appeared.

"Hey! City Lord!"

As soon as the man saw Qin Feng, he happily came forward to meet him!

This man is actually Qingchengzi!

At this time, Qingchengzi's appearance changed greatly, he was more than ten years younger, and his appearance changed from fifty years old to middle-aged.

After Qin Feng saw the change in his appearance, he looked at him curiously.

After looking at it, he smiled!

Knew it!

Qingchengzi has successfully broken through to the realm of true gods, and his combat power has skyrocketed to 2.6 billion stars, and even his appearance has become younger.

"City Lord! My subordinates have broken through to the realm of true gods!"

At this moment, Qingchengzi said excitedly.

He was also immersed in the joy of breaking through.

In fact, Qin Feng sensed it the moment he came out of the Conferred God List.

Not only him, but also Feng Xi, Yu Xuanji, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue came out of the Conferred God List.

The five of them came out almost at the same time.

On the other hand, Di Jiang and Jumang had not yet appeared.

Obviously, the fifth-grade **** position is more difficult than the fourth-grade advancement.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled and said: "The deity has been seen! This time, you have been promoted so smoothly, it must not be difficult to obtain the divine position."

Qingchengzi said excitedly: "It's really not that difficult! As long as you defeat the guardian spirit of the gods, you can get the gods. We stayed in the Fourth Heaven for so long, mainly because it took a lot of time to integrate the gods."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "So it is! It seems that Di Jiang and Jumang haven't come out for so long, they should be merging the gods. The energy of the fifth-rank gods should be more than the fourth-rank, and the fusion time will be longer. already."

Qingchengzi nodded again and again: "City Lord! You really have a brilliant eye! Miss Xuanji said the same thing. By the way, City Lord, why did you summon your subordinates?"

Having said that, Qingchengzi has time to look around.

"Hey~! Here"

Looking around, he was a little dumbfounded.

The center of the universe in front of me seems to be different, it seems to be larger than before.

Looking at the sky and the earth, Qin Feng's city lord's palace and everyone's pavilion are no longer there.