Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Don't want so much, it's time for him to take action!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to take off and fly straight towards the Fengshen List

That Conferred God List is as big as the moon, with its own supreme power!

In just a moment, he flew to the three big characters "Tianwaitian"!

hum~~!

Those three big characters immediately lit up with dazzling golden light and created endless suction

huh~!

In an instant, Qin Feng was swallowed in and disappeared into the hall.

In the next second, he appeared in a new world.

Qin Feng looked up and saw a vast and boundless sea of ​​clouds ahead.

Looking around again, the immortal energy is curled up, and the rays of light fill the sky, which is extremely sacred!

It's like being in a fairyland!

After that, Qin Feng's eyes fell a million feet in front of him again.

There is a sky-high altar floating on the sea of ​​clouds!

In the center of the altar, there is another monument of the God of Heaven, reaching a height of hundreds of millions of feet.

Looking at the front of the monument, the two big characters "Fengchan" are engraved, and the words are full of avenues of inspiration.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he peeped towards the monument.

[Fengchan Heaven Monument: Dao-level wonders, the only one in the world! 】

[This item contains: the Avenue of the Spirits, the Avenue of the Spirits, the Avenue of the Demons, the Avenue of the Demons, the Avenue of the Ghosts, the Avenue of the Beasts, the Avenue of the Human Yuan, the Avenue of the Earth, the Avenue of the Tianyuan, and the Avenue of Fengchan (Xiantian)! 】

[Reminder: This monument is the hub for manipulating the Conferred God List. Let it recognize the master and obtain the inheritance of the master of the universe, and then you can control the list of gods! 】

Boom~!

After reading this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Control the Conferred God Ranking!

That is equivalent to him being able to control this universe, the promotion of all True God Realm, the authority is unimaginable!

Of course, if he wants to truly control the Conferred God List, he also needs to obtain the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe' in this universe.

Thinking that the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord should be the inheritance of the 'Universe Lord' of this universe.

These foreshadowing, Tianzun has prepared for him!

Whether he can get it or not depends on his own efforts.

Having said that, even if he obtained the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe', he would not be able to control the universe immediately.

He will also collect other Dao-level wonders!

For example, the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' in front of him is something that must be obtained.

If Kong has the inheritance of the master of the universe, and he does not get the Fengchan Heavenly Stele, he will not be able to control the universe.

Of course, not only the Fengchan Heavenly Monument, but also some other Taoist wonders!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

His current goal is to become the master of the two universes!

In addition to his own small universe, he also has to become the master of the outside world!

Therefore, he must get this 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument'!

Otherwise, even if he gets the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord, he will not be the true Lord of the Universe.

But what should he do to make Fengchan Tianbei recognize his master?

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Opportunity Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the realm of the outer world, activating the Dao-level chance! 】

[Tao-level chance: pass three levels within ten minutes, break the protective cover of the altar, and reach the center of the altar, and then you can obtain the qualification of the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' to recognize the master! 】

[Reminder: If you get the 'Fengchan Heaven Monument' to recognize the master, you will get great opportunities and benefits! 】

[Reminder: Obtaining the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' to recognize the master, your divine rank can be raised one step further! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

It turned out that the requirement for the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' to recognize the master was so simple!

Just break into the altar!

What surprised him even more was that getting the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' to recognize the master would not only gain the benefits of this Dao-level chance, but also be of great benefit to the next god-level chance!

After he has challenged this opportunity, he will go to Jiuzhongtian to obtain the divine position.

If the **** position can be upgraded by one rank, then the ninth-rank **** position can be promoted to tenth-rank?

Qin Feng guessed in his heart!

But before he thought about it, Tiandao sent another reminder.

【The timing of the opportunity challenge starts:::01】

Boom~!

As soon as the timer started, Qin Feng flew towards the altar

He only has ten minutes to challenge and must arrive as quickly as possible!

But as soon as Qin Feng moved, countless stars appeared out of thin air.

In the blink of an eye, those starlights gathered together and turned into a **** of heaven!

I saw that the demon **** was tens of thousands of feet tall, with wings and four arms, and the head of a snake, standing in front of him, glaring at Qin Feng angrily!

Qin Feng was astonished and hurriedly peeped at him.

[Evil Spirit]: Fu Snake (Level 1)

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 400 million stars

[Characteristic]: Guardian Spirit of Fengchan Heavenly Stele

[Remarks]: It must be beheaded before it can approach the altar within 700,000 zhang.

Qin Feng was stunned!

It turns out that this is the guardian spirit of the first level!

Seeing that his realm is actually half-step eternity, his combat power has reached 400 million stars, which is definitely not weak!

Qin Feng is confident that he can kill it!

However, his time is only ten minutes!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Therefore, he must make a quick decision without delay!

"Hey~! Hiss~!"

It was at this moment that Fu She spit out a snake letter and stared at Qin Feng coldly!

Its tongue is split like a snake letter, and it stretches and shrinks, with its own fishy wind, and it is extremely cold!

Qin Feng ignored it and summoned the Pantian Dao Axe with a wave of his hand!

Seeing this, Fu Snake's pupils shrank suddenly, and his aura exploded instantly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next breath, he came to kill Qin Feng

Om~!

Qin Feng also thought about it, and the Pantian Divine Axe lit up the heavenly light!

In the blink of an eye, the integration of human and machine is completed!

His momentum has skyrocketed, and his combat power has skyrocketed by 100 million in an instant, reaching 492 billion stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, his whole body lit up with golden light, and his figure continued to grow!

The golden body of the law is activated!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng turned into a giant of ten thousand feet, standing tall!

The combat momentum has also reached 738 billion stars!

At this moment, Fu Snake happened to kill!

As soon as he was killed, he grabbed Qin Feng's face with one claw!

sigh~ la~!

The claw tips glowing with faint blue light, like five sharp blades, cut through the Void Boundary Wall, leaving five black claw marks, and the momentum is shocking!

The attack power of that claw suddenly reached 600 million stars!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng also slashed with an axe with all his strength to meet the claw!

Om~!

At that moment, Pan Tian Dao Axe also lit up with dazzling Dao light!

The weapon of the avenue is launched, and the attack increase soars by 10%!

The attack momentum of that axe instantly reached about 1.48 trillion stars, and its power was terrifying to the extreme!

Blink, the two attacks collide together!

Click~! chah~!

A shocking sound!

Qin Feng split the giant claw with one axe, and even split the snake in half!

A burst of blood splashed!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the void!

Bang~! Bang~!

In the next second, the two halves of Fu Snake's corpse blew up, turning into a blood mist that gathered in the sky, and surged up sharply.

Sure enough!

Prepare for a half-step eternal demon, not so easy to kill!

Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and the pupils of God's Punishment appeared.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, he spurted out three rays of heaven's punishment, penetrating the blood mist in front of him.

Poof~~!

In the next second, there was a light sound in the blood mist, as if the candle was blown out in the cold wind!

That was the soul body of the snake that was defeated!

The mournful roar resounded again, with endless resentment!

In just two face-to-face encounters, Qin Feng smashed the snake and let it die!

He also breathed a sigh of relief!

This first level didn't take much time, and it reached the standard in his heart!