Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You succeeded in killing the Fu snake (quasi-half-step eternity), and obtained +350,000 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the snake (quasi-half-step eternity) and obtained +1.6 million gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the snake (quasi-half-step eternity), and 3 chaotic treasure chests (complete state) burst out]

【Your level is promoted to level 93】

【Your strength index increases by 20,000 points! 】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 92 Hongmeng Supreme (Intermediate)]

【Your strength index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20,000 points! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's body continuously lit up with upgraded white light!

He was pleasantly surprised!

Before, the Qing Emperor reminded him that if he was promoted to high-level Hongmeng Supreme, he would have a greater chance of obtaining the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master!

If you want to be promoted to high-level Hongmeng Supreme, you need to reach level 95.

At this moment, he saw a glimmer of hope!

Soon, the blood mist in front dissipated, revealing his booty!

Three Chaos Chests (full state), and a mysterious green glow

Chapter Nine hundred and twentieth The Whip of God! Seven kills complete!

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he put away the three chaotic treasure chests.

So far, the Chaos Treasure Chest (complete state) in his hand has reached 12, which is enough to synthesize a Taoist treasure chest.

Not enough, now is not the time to think about that.

After putting away the treasure chest, Qin Feng looked curiously at the green light group

[True Spirit (Fulong): Chaos level, incomplete. 】

[Reminder: Fulong is the body of a corpse, so its true spirit is incomplete. 】

[Reminder: If you find the body of its good corpse, and obtain its true spirit. You can fuse the two true spirits to get a complete true spirit]

"I see!"

After reading the information, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that the snake is just a corpse!

In other words, that guy also practiced the method of 'cutting three corpses', and cut out evil corpses and good corpses one after another, which is considered to be on the same level as Yaotai Xuannv.

That broken soul

Qin Feng looked at the green light group with hesitation on his face

After a cultivator has stepped into the quasi-half-step eternity, even if the soul body is destroyed, there will be a ray of true spirit left behind, which is very different from ordinary cultivators.

And the true spirit is extremely difficult to destroy. It is estimated that it will take a lot of time to destroy it. It is better to seal it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly waved his hand, and there was a white jade porcelain bottle in his hand.

The next second, as soon as he waved his hand, he put the green true spirit into the bottle and sealed it.

After doing this, he picked up the seal technique again and activated the secret technique.

An invisible force suddenly radiated from him and enveloped the audience!

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of the snake, your luck value +2 times…]

Qin Feng was surprised!

The luck of this snake is not weak!

As a result, his luck value skyrocketed to 22,000 times!

I don't want so much anymore, he has to keep going!

Boom~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he flew towards the altar

In the blink of an eye, he fled three hundred thousand feet away, leaving only seven hundred thousand feet away from the altar.

Om~!

At this moment, not far ahead, countless stars appeared out of thin air again.

In the next second, those starlights gathered together and turned into a Heaven-reaching Demon God!

That demon **** is also tens of thousands of feet tall, with a human head and a dragon body, a dragon horn on his forehead, a straight face, a solemn treasure elephant, and a long sword with a black handle and a white blade in his hand!

At this moment, he stopped in front and looked at Qin Feng with a gloomy face!

The guardian spirit of the second level 880 appeared!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away...

[Evil Spirit]: Xilong (Second Level)

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 700 million stars

[Characteristic]: Guardian Spirit of Fengchan Heavenly Stele

[Remarks]: It must be beheaded before it can approach the altar within 300,000 zhang.

Qin Feng's complexion changed slightly!

This Xilong's combat power is 300 million stars higher than that of Fu Snake, I'm afraid it's not as easy to deal with before.

"Human! You actually killed the snake!"

It was at this moment that Xilong spoke up.

His tone was extremely cold, as if full of monstrous hatred!

"Noisy!"

Qin Feng snorted coldly, flashed his figure, and took the initiative to kill Xilong!

He is pressed for time now, and has no time to talk nonsense with these monsters!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a split second, he was in front of Xilong!

"court death!"

Xilong roared in shock, and he took the first shot!

Swish~!

I saw a flash of cold light, and the sword light of ten thousand feet rose into the sky!

He slashed straight at Qin Feng with his sword!

Om~!

At that moment, the long sword in Xilong's hand lit up with seven-colored light connecting the sky and the earth, showing the vision of heaven and earth!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The sword light falls!

Where the sword edge passed, the space boundary wall shattered inch by inch!

All rules! All avenues! Kill them all!

At that moment, the attacking momentum of that sword suddenly reached 1.2 trillion stars, twice that of Fu Snake!

The attack power of the snake is only 600 million stars!

In the blink of an eye, the sword was approaching, and it was about to hit Qin Feng in the face!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Phew~~!

Holding an axe in both hands, he slashed from top to bottom!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the axe light passes, time and space are cut off, and the avenues are destroyed!

The Pantian Dao Axe also lit up the Dao light of the sky at the same time!

Dao device skills activated!

Attack power increased by ten percent!

hum~~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling silver light, and the momentum of the whole person suddenly changed!

A heart attack!

Instant start!

Attack power increased by ten percent again!

At this point, the attack of that axe has skyrocketed by 20%, suddenly reaching 2.2 trillion stars, and the universe will be a shock!

At this moment, Xilong's attack arrived!

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks collided together!

When~~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Ka~cha~!

The starry sky completely exploded!

The Void Boundary Wall is shattered inch by inch!

The next second, the long sword in Xilong's hand was knocked flying!

The remaining force of the axe continued to slash down, and slashed on his chest fiercely!

Click~! chah~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split it in half with one axe!

Xilong roared miserably, and the corpse exploded into a blood mist, wanting to be resurrected!

Qin Feng's eyebrows opened again, and the light of the heavenly punishment continued to lasing!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Five times in a row, the light of heaven's punishment penetrated the blood mist, and also penetrated the soul of Xilong.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

He finally couldn't bear it anymore, and his soul body shattered!

Terrible roar! Echoing in the sky above the sea of ​​clouds!

And successfully killed a guardian spirit!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief again!

In the next second, a dazzling golden light flew out of the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You successfully kill Xilong (quasi-half-step eternity), get +50 trillion energy points]