Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

[You successfully kill Xilong (quasi-half-step eternity) and get +20,000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed Xilong (quasi half-step eternity), and 3 chaotic treasure chests (full state) burst out]

[You successfully killed the Xilong (quasi-half-step eternity), and the Xihuang sword (the pinnacle of good fortune) burst out]

【Your level is promoted to level 94】

[Your vocation is promoted to level 93 Hongmeng Supreme (intermediate)]Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

【Your strength index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20,000 points! 】

The vocation and rank have been promoted again!

Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light!

He is happy again!

Having said that, this time the killing of the 'Xilong' revealed a Xihuang sword that was at the peak of fortune, and the harvest was more than when the snake was subdued!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this moment, the blood mist in front dissipated, 3 chaotic treasure chests (complete state), a sword, and a mysterious green light group

Qin Feng put away 3 treasure chests as soon as he waved his hand, and his chaotic treasure chests reached 15.

Then, he waved his hand again and sucked the long sword into his hand...

[Xihuang Sword: A congenital artifact, the pinnacle of fortune! 】

[This sword contains: Snake Avenue, Dragon Phase Avenue, Blood Slaughter Avenue, Chaos Avenue (Xiantian)! 】

[Reminder: Only by possessing Dao-level bloodline and mastering one of the four avenues of snake shape, dragon phase, blood slaughter, and chaos can they be recognized as masters! 】

Boom~!

After reading this, Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

This Xihuang Sword is very good!

It actually contains four avenues, one of which is still the innate avenue - the chaos avenue!

Except for Chaos Avenue, Qin Feng, the other three avenues, has not awakened.

As long as it is made to recognize the master, Qin Feng can get the insights of the three avenues from it!

Having said that, the blood slaughtering avenue among the three avenues is the killing and cutting avenue.

If he is awakened, his Seven Killing Divine Body will also be complete!

pity!

He can't make it recognize the master now!

Qin Feng sighed helplessly in his heart!

His Chaos Dao Crystal (50%) has not been refined yet, and he is still a little short of the Awakening Chaos Dao.

As a result, he has not mastered one of the four requirements of this sword, and naturally there is no way to recognize the master.

However, his Chaos Dao Crystal (50%) is almost finished refining.

Before long, he will be able to make Xihuangjian recognize the master!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the long sword with a little regret, and continued to look at the green light group in front of him

[True Spirit (Xilong): Chaos level, incomplete. 】

[Reminder: Xilong is the body of a good corpse, so its true spirit is incomplete. 】

[Reminder: If you find the body of its evil corpse, and obtain its true spirit. You can fuse the two true spirits to get a complete true spirit]

Sure enough!

Everything is as he expected, the existence of the quasi-half-step eternity will leave behind the true spirit.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, then put away the incomplete true spirit and sealed it.

After doing this, he started the seal formula and launched the secret technique of swallowing air luck.

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Xilong, your luck value +3 times]

Devoured!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and showed a satisfied smile!

This Xilong's luck is even higher than that of the Fu snake!

Before he knew it, his luck value soared to 25,000 times!

"There is one last level!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and was about to leave

"Huh! That's right"

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he seemed to think of something, and quickly summoned two white porcelain jade bottles

Those are the two bottles that seal the 'Fu Snake True Spirit' and the 'Xilong True Spirit'!

In the next second, Qin Feng untied the seal and released the True Spirit of the Snake and the Dragon!

Om~! Om~!

As soon as the two real spirits appeared, the aura was released!

The next breath, they fly together and start to automatically merge

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

It turns out that Fu Snake and Xilong are one body, and they are the difference between an evil corpse and a good corpse!

No wonder, when Xilong saw him, he was gnashing his teeth!

Soon, the true spirit of Fushen and the true spirit of Xilong merged into one, and turned into a complete group of true spirits!

Immediately afterwards, the group of true spirits released the endless power of swallowing, absorbing the blood mist that strayed from the sky and the earth.

In just a moment, it swallowed the blood mist and turned it into a battle pet spirit egg

That spirit egg is pale green throughout, three feet in size, covered with Dao Divine Marks, and has an extraordinary aura!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away

[Fuxi Spirit Egg: Chaos Level, Unidentified Lord]

[This spirit egg is the reincarnated egg of the true spirit, and those with Dao-level blood can be made to recognize the master! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This guy is actually Fuxi!

In Longbi mythology, Fuxi is one of the three emperors and a man of great virtue.

Fuxi in this world is naturally not ordinary.

Unexpectedly, he could meet such an existence in this secret realm!

It seems that he wants another amazing pet!

correct!

I, Longbi, have a blood relationship with Judgment Divine Realm!

Based on such an analysis, the Lord of the Judgment Domain is the ancestor of the Longbiren!

And the Lord of Judgment was once the Lord of this universe!

That Fengchan Heaven Stele is his treasure!

Fuxi is guarding Feng Chan here, and it is clear that Fuxi is his confidant subordinate!

In this way, this Fuxi and the Fuxi in the myth of Longbi should be inextricably linked.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Fuxi Ling Egg with a thoughtful look.

This Fuxi is the guardian spirit of the secret realm, obviously not a normal life form.

Maybe he has already fallen, but the true spirit still exists!

The Lord of the Judgment Domain used his great supernatural powers to turn his good corpse and evil corpse into the guardian spirits of the secret realm and used it to guard the Fengchan Heavenly Monument!

Now that his two true spirits are united and turned into a battle pet spirit egg, he is truly reborn!

Figured this out, Qin Feng hurriedly broke the blood clot on his finger and bounced towards the spirit egg

Pa~!

The blood essence dropped on the spirit egg, and it was completely absorbed!

Om~!

In the next second, the spirit egg lit up with a faint green light and made a cheerful vibration.

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The Fuxi Spirit Egg (Chaos Level) has recognized you as the master! 】

Got another powerful pet!

Qin Feng is very happy!

Afterwards, he put the 'Fuxi Spirit Egg' into the center of the small universe.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, his figure flashed, and he continued to fly towards the altar.

He has to hurry up and get through!

In the blink of an eye, he had escaped more than fifty thousand feet, leaving only the last one hundred thousand feet away from the altar.

Om~!

At this moment, countless starlights appeared in front of them, and gathered a **** of heaven!

That Demon God is also a human head and a snake body, but she is a beautiful woman!

His complexion is as white as jade, his facial features are exquisite to perfection, his body is slim and his waist is like a water snake, which is extremely beautiful.

It's just that the woman's brows are full of hostility, her expression is cold, she holds a long cyan whip in her hand, and looks at Qin Feng with a very bad look!

Qin Feng hurriedly spy on him

[Evil Spirit]: God Wa (the third level)

[Boundary]: Quasi-half-step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 1 trillion stars

[Characteristic]: Guardian Spirit of Fengchan Heavenly Stele

【Remarks】: You must kill it before you can approach the altar

1 trillion combat power!

That is the limit of half-step eternal combat power, and it is also the threshold of half-step eternal combat power!

This Wa God is a lot stronger than that Xilong!

This level is definitely not easy to pass!

With this in mind, Qin Feng glanced at the time, only 6 minutes left.

He involuntarily took a deep breath

Chapter 921 Feng Chan recognizes the Lord! The gods are shocked!

Time is running out!

Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart!