Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Human! You can break through my level, you have some strength! However, if you want to break through my hands, it is impossible!"

At this time, God Wa spoke, his expression was arrogant and cold!

"Not necessarily!"

Qin Feng sneered - and killed him directly!

Swish~!

Light and shadow flash!

Qin Feng killed him in an instant and slashed at him with an axe!

Om~!

At that moment, he was full of momentum!

The whole body is lit up with aura of luck!

Under the blessing of 25,000 times of luck, his combat power surged by 25 billion stars, and suddenly reached 763 billion stars!

God Wa instantly sensed it!

There was a trace of disdain in her eyes immediately!

763 billion star combat power!

She hasn't paid attention yet!

"Oh! No tears when you don't see the coffin!"

God Wa sneered, and waved his whip to meet the giant axe!

Woo~~!

The whip was swung out, and the whip sounded like a cry of a **** and demon!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the whip shadow passes, time stops flowing, and the years turn, as if a whip can sever the past of the previous life, make the void crack, and the law is shattered!

The attack momentum of that whip suddenly reached 1.8 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

1.8 trillion against 763 billion stars!

Strong or weak! At a glance!

At this moment, there was a hint of mockery in Wa Shen's eyes.

She wants to whip this kid's giant axe away with one whip, and then whip it up!

snort!

How can anyone touch the master's Fengchan Heavenly Monument?

These unscrupulous intruders must die!

Thinking of this, Wa Shen's eyes became more and more fierce!

Woo~~!

The speed of that whip was even faster!

Seeing that, that whip is about to hit the Heavenly Dao Axe!

hum~~!

It was at this moment that the Pantian Dao Axe lit up with the Dao light that reached the heavens!

Dao device skills activated!

Attack increase by ten percent!

hum~~!

At the same time, Qin Fengshen also lit up with dazzling light!

A heart attack!

Instant start!

Attack power increased by ten percent!

At that moment, the attack of that axe shot up by 20%!

Where the axe light passes, the time and space are cut off, the avenues are completely destroyed, and the heavens are shaken!

The momentum of that axe is infinitely close to 2.3 trillion stars, which is a lot stronger than the previous power!

That is the effect of the blessing of the power of luck!

Woo~~!

At this moment, the long whip of the **** Wa also attacked!

An axe! A whip!

Instant attack collision!

When~~!

A burst of shock!

World space burst!

The laws of the heavens are annihilated!

In the next breath, the long whip in the hands of God Wa was swayed!

The huge collision impact force made her fight unsteadily, and she retreated back and forth!

At this moment, God Wa was extremely horrified!

She never thought that Qin Feng could break out such a terrifying attack!

Having said that, she couldn't see Qin Feng fighting with other guardian spirits.

She will be summoned only if the guardian spirit in the previous level is defeated!

Therefore, when she saw Qin Feng's weak combat power before, she despised it.

Unexpectedly, as soon as they fought, she was killed off guard!

In the blink of an eye, she's gone

Swish~!

Before she could stabilize her figure, Qin Feng chased and killed again!

Whoo~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng held the axe in both hands and slashed down with all his might!

hum~~!

A heart attack strikes again!

Another blow that is infinitely close to 2.3 trillion stars!

Wa Shen was so frightened that Hua Rong paled!

She wanted to swing the whip to resist, but was horrified to find that her entire arm was numb, and she would not be able to lift it up for a while!

It was shocked by the last axe!

She couldn't resist with a whip, she couldn't resist at all!

At this moment, it is even more impossible for her to avoid this blow!

Qin Feng's axe had already locked her Qi machine, making her unavoidable!

At this moment of extreme crisis, God Wa was helpless and had no choice but to move!

hum~~!

A protective mask, propped up around her body, radiates nine-color avenues of aura!

Swish~!

At this moment, the light of the axe fell and slashed on the mask!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is shattered!

The axe continued to slash down, and then slashed on Wa Shen's proud chest!

Click~! chah~!

Another crisp sound!

A burst of blood splashed!

With a shrill scream, the goddess was split into two halves!

Soon, the corpse exploded into a blood mist!

God Wa is not dead!

Qin Feng didn't dare to underestimate it, his innate divine pupils suddenly opened, and he frantically shot the light of heaven and punishment into the blood mist!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Seventeen times in a row the 'Heaven's Punishment Dao Light' was emitted!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Qin Feng didn't dare to relax!

Poof~!

In the end, with a soft sound, the soul body collapsed!

An extremely unwilling scream came from the blood fog!

The **** Wa died just like that!

In the next second, a dazzling golden light flew out of the blood mist and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You succeeded in beheading Wa God (quasi half-step eternity) and obtained +80 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed Wa God (quasi-half-step eternity) and obtained +30,000 gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed Wa God (quasi-half-step eternity), and 3 chaotic treasure chests (full state) burst out]

[You successfully killed Wa God (quasi-half-step eternity), and burst out the whip of creation (peak creation)]

【Your level is promoted to level 95】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 94 Hongmeng Supreme (Intermediate)]

【Your strength index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20,000 points! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng once again lit up with an upgraded white light!

His vocation has risen to level 94, which is one level away from the high-level Hongmeng Supreme.

"Hoo~! This challenge is much smoother than expected!"

After absorbing the feedback, Qin Feng looked at the Fengchan Heavenly Monument tens of thousands of feet away, feeling fortunate in his heart, and full of anticipation in his eyes.

He really wanted to know what specific benefits it would bring after Fengchan God Monument recognized him as master?

It was at this moment that the blood mist in front of him dissipated, revealing the spoils of war!

Three Chaos Chests (full state), a green whip, and a mysterious yellow glow

Qin Feng just put away the treasure box!

So far, his Chaos Treasure Chest has reached 18!

Then he picked up the green whip and checked it