Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Artificial whip: It is made from a gourd fairy vine (the spiritual root of heaven and earth), and it is at the pinnacle of good fortune! 】

[This whip contains: the Dao of enlightenment, the Dao of nurturing, the Dao of human origin, the Dao of good fortune (innate)! 】

[Reminder: Only with Dao-level bloodline and the owner of the 'Xihuang Sword' can he be recognized as the master! 】

Another treasure of the peak of good fortune has arrived!

However, this thing actually needs to be the owner of the 'Xihuang Sword' before it can be recognized as the owner!

This may be a limitation set by the Heavenly Dao!

Of course, this may also be set by the last Lord of the Universe.

Qin Feng didn't think much, and put away the whip with satisfaction.

Finally, he looked at the yellow light blob

[True Spirit (Wa God): Chaos level, incomplete. 】

[Reminder: God Wa is the body of an evil corpse, so his true spirit is incomplete. 】

[Reminder: If you find the body of its good corpse, and obtain its true spirit. You can fuse the two true spirits to get a complete true spirit]

"This goddess is so powerful that it is only a corpse! Then the combination of good and evil corpses should be able to reach half a step of eternity!"

Qin Feng sighed in his heart, so he waved his hand away and put away the real aura.

After doing this, he launched the devastation of luck

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of God Wa, your luck value +5 times]

Boom~!

5 times luck!

This goddess of luck is too amazing!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

After a while, the luck was swallowed up!

He also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

With just this devouring, his luck skyrocketed by only 30,000 times, making his overall strength a big boost!

Don't think so much, he has to quickly complete the last step of the chance challenge!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked quickly to the altar.

In just a moment, he walked to the altar and saw a protective mask on the front!

According to the rules of chance, he needs to step into the center of the altar to pass the challenge!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slashed at the mask with all his might!

Om~! hum~!

At that moment, Pan Tian Dao Axe and Qin Feng all lit up with aura of the Dao!

Dao Axe Amplification! A heart attack!

Synchronized activation!

Another powerful blow!

Swish~!

Axe flashes!

The giant axe slashed on top of the mask!

Bang~~!

A huge groan!

Space shock!

The altar shakes!

The protective mask was only slightly deformed, and it returned to normal, and it did not break!

"Hey! It's not broken!"

Qin Feng was surprised!

He hurriedly probed towards the protective mask.

[Cyan Lotus Mask: The energy level is 2.8 trillion stars! 】

[Reminder: This mask is automatically cast by the 'Blue Lotus Flag' under the blessing of the altar]

[Reminder: The attack power must reach 2.8 trillion stars or more to break through this protective mask! 】

[Blue Lotus Flag (Oriental): One of the five innate flags, the pinnacle of good fortune]

[Reminder: After gathering all the Five Innate Flags, you can get the Innate Five-Party Great Array, whose power is comparable to that of the Great Dao, and can be called invincible defense]

Boom~!

After this detection, Qin Feng was shocked!

Another innate five-element flag appeared!

It turned out that it was the biggest difficulty in this opportunity!

Qin Feng's current attack power can only reach 2.3 trillion stars, which is 500 million less than 2.8 trillion stars!

·

Counting the challenge time, he only has 3 minutes left!

In just 3 minutes, how can he level the gap of 500 million combat power?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very anxious!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

If he can't break this mask, he will fail the challenge!

At that time, not only will he not be able to get the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument', but he will also be kicked out of the Nine Heavens True Temple, and will not be able to advance to the True God Realm within a hundred years!

In that case, he will lose a lot!

How is this good?

Do you want to try another attack?

Qin Feng held the handle of the axe and wanted to attack again

But in the next second, he restrained himself!

He must never attack again!

For this chance challenge, the challenger needs to fight alone, and the subordinates cannot help!

Therefore, Qin Feng did not bring his subordinates in, so he could not use the magical power of 'Six Prisons to Suppress Heaven'!

Without the Six Prisons to Suppress Heaven, he can only use 'Knowing Strike'!

That knowing blow can only be used five times in ten minutes.

He has used it back and forth four times, and there is only one last chance left!

Therefore, without sufficient assurance, he can no longer launch a knowing strike!

Otherwise, he won't even have the last chance.

"Hey~! The 500 million star attack gap! How to make up for this?"

At this moment, Qin Feng frowned and stood beside the altar thinking hard!

No matter what, he has to come up with a solution!

Otherwise, he will fall short!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stood by the altar and thought hard.

10 seconds 20 seconds 30 seconds

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng only had one minute left!

He still didn't think of a solution!

"Hey! There's only one minute left! Am I really going to fail?"

Qin Feng looked at the mask in front of him, very depressed!

There was only one minute left, and even if he thought of a way, it would be too late!

After all, the 500 million combat power gap is really too big!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng just had that thought, and there was an earth-shattering roar from the center of the universe.

[Your mind body refines Chaos Dao Crystal (50%), your understanding of Chaos Dao's Dao Rhythm reaches 1%, combat power +400 million stars]

[Congratulations for your epiphany realization of the Innate Avenue - Chaos Avenue! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +500 million stars]

[Your primary universe has successfully merged with the Chaos Avenue and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 500 million stars in the power of the universe]

Huh~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up! Face ecstasy!

He actually awakened Chaos Avenue at this moment, it was too timely!

Om~!

At this moment, the 'Seal of the Universe' appeared between Qin Feng's eyebrows, and the fifteenth green lotus petals began to condense and form...

So far, he has mastered fifteen innate avenues!

When the awakening of the Chaos Avenue was over, he turned his palm over, and there was an extra long sword in his hand!

It was the Emperor Xijian!

Chaos Avenue has awakened!

You can let the Emperor Xijian recognize the master!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood clot and flicked towards the Emperor Xijian.

hum~~!

As soon as the Xihuangjian absorbed the blood essence, it lit up with the Daoguang Tongtian!

In the next second, the Emperor Xijian turned into a golden light and poured into his body.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Xihuangjian has recognized you as the master! 】

[You gained the insight of the Snake Road from the "Xihuang Sword", and began to awaken the acquired avenue - the Snake Road]

[You gained the insight of the Great Way of Longxiang from the ‘Xihuang Sword’, and began to awaken the Great Way of the Heavens—the Great Way of Longxiang]

[You gained the insight of the Blood Slaughter Avenue from the ‘Xihuang Sword’, and began to awaken the Houtian Avenue – the Blood Slaughter Avenue]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with three-color avenues of light, and his momentum also skyrocketed all the way!

Before those were over, Tiandao sent another reminder

[It is detected that you have awakened the 'Blood Slaughter Avenue', you have mastered seven types of killing avenues, and your magical power 'Seven Killing Divine Body' is automatically advanced]

【Advanced success! Your Seven Killing Divine Physique has been promoted from 'God Rank' to 'Dao Rank'! 】

[Congratulations, your Seven Killing Divine Physique has been completed and you have reached the Dao-level magical power! 】

[When the state is turned on, its attack power skyrockets by 80%, and the maintenance time is 5 hours]

[Reminder: Your Seven Kills Divine Physique is complete, it can be superimposed with 'Knowing Strike', or it can be superimposed with 'Six Prison Suppression'! 】

[Reminder: The 'Seven Killing Divine Body' cannot be used at the same time as the 'Dharma Phase Golden Body'! 】

Boom~!