Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Complete!

The Seven Killing Divine Physique is finally complete!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

The Seven Killing Divine Body can increase the combat power by 80%, which is much stronger than the Dharma Phase Golden Body.

After all, the promotion of the law can only increase by 50%!

Since the Seven Kills Divine Physique can be superimposed with a knowing strike, then he will use the Seven Kills Divine Physique instead!

At this point, he finally saw the hope of completing the challenge! Spoon.

Chapter 922 The ultimate sermon! Road looting!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the Dao Awakening is over!

Qin Feng suppressed his excitement and called out the man-made whip again.

Afterwards, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, and flicked at the artificial whip.

hum~~!

After the man-made whip had absorbed the blood essence, it also turned into a golden light and poured into his body.

Heaven also sent a reminder

【Recognize the Lord successfully! The man-made whip has recognized you as the master! 】

[You gained the insight of the Dao of Jiaohua from the 'Making Whip', and began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Heaven - Dao of Jiaohua]

[You gained the insight of Longxiang Dao from 'Making Human Whip' and began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Heaven - Dao of Nurturing]

[You gained the insight of the Blood Slaughter Avenue from the 'Making Human Whip', and began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Heaven - the Dao of Renyuan]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng once again lit up a new avenue of inspiration!

His momentum has also skyrocketed all the way!

After a long time, the awakening of the Dao is over!

The Fortune Jade Plate is automatically activated again...

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Avenue of Chaos' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Serpentine Avenue' of your perception, and you have obtained the permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Dragon Phase Avenue', and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng's newly awakened seven avenues were all recorded!

Tiandao's reminders continue to come

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has exceeded 150, which has reached the advanced requirements, and the advanced is automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from Tier 4 to Tier 5! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 5th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 6%! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 5th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency on the Dao Scroll has increased by 6%! 】

[Congratulations on obtaining the blessing of the 5th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of Dao Artifacts, and permanently increased the combat power of 12 billion stars! 】

[Your fortune-telling jade plate has automatically awakened the magical powers of the Taoist tool--spiritual root plunder! 】

[Spiritual Root Plunder: Taoist magical powers, which can force all the 'spiritual roots of heaven and earth' to recognize their masters, and obtain all their Dao insights from the spiritual roots! 】

[Reminder: Divine tools refined with 'Heaven, Earth and Spiritual Roots' as the main material, even those of the Great Dao, can also use 'Spiritual Root Plunder' to plunder them to a certain extent! 】

[Reminder: After the Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to rank 5, every 50 avenues can be increased to get a further rank! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the reminder came out, Qin Feng's momentum soared wildly again!

After a long time, everything will be calm!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of ecstasy.

This time, the advancement of the Fortune Jade Plate has undergone great changes!

It actually awakened a Taoist magical power-spiritual root plunder!

This 'spiritual root plunder' seems to be very unusual. It can forcibly plunder the spiritual roots of heaven and earth, and even the magic tools made with the 'spiritual roots of heaven and earth'.

I just don't know if it has the effect of plundering those things that have a master.

In short, the jade plate of good fortune is getting stronger and stronger!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

This time, he awakened 7 avenues in a row, and mastered 156 avenues!

His basic combat power has reached 4.1 billion stars!

"Hey! Only 10 seconds left!"

At this moment, Qin Feng suddenly found that the challenge time was only 10 seconds left!

His face suddenly changed slightly!

Immediately, he quickly canceled the promotion of the law, and his body shrank back to the size of an ordinary person!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, Pan Tian Dao Axe lit up!

Human-machine integration, completed in an instant!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed to 5.1 billion stars!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the muscles of his whole body swelled, and the monstrous killing intent rose into the sky!

God **** it! Kill the land! Kill all beings!

Kill God! Kill the devil! Kill the fairy Buddha!

Kill all the worlds!

Seven Killing Divine Body!

Activate instantly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body is full of killing intent, and his momentum is soaring!

In the blink of an eye, his aura reached 912 billion stars!

hum~~!

Immediately afterwards, the power of luck was activated!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed by 300 million stars again, reaching 942 billion stars!

Swish~!

In the next second, he lashed out with an axe and slashed towards the mask ahead!

Om~! Om~!

Dao Axe Skills! A heart attack!

Launch at the same time!

That axe's attack doubled, suddenly reaching 2.826 trillion stars, barely reaching the threshold for breaking the mask!

At this moment, Qin Feng held his breath and looked extremely nervous!

This is his last knowing blow!

If one blow fails, the chance challenge of this round will be a complete failure!

He can't afford the price of failure!

Swish~!

Axe light falls from the sky!

Wherever its axe blade passes, it cuts through time and space, shakes the heavens, and its power is unparalleled!

In the blink of an eye, the axe slashed above the mask!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

Thousands of feet of void, all burst!

Protective mask, violent deformation!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, with the drop point of the axe blade as the center, one after another of fine cracks extended around the mask, densely packed!

The aura of the entire mask has dimmed a lot!

However, the mask just had countless cracks, and it didn't shatter!

Look at the challenge time again, only the last 2 seconds are left!

Boom~!

Qin Feng didn't even think about it, he suddenly made another punch and bombarded the mask!

Click~! chah~!

Another crisp sound!

The altar mask burst with a bang!

Turned into starlight, scattered around!

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and with a quick dodge, he stepped on the altar and landed beside the Fengchan Heaven Monument!

Look at the time again, only the last 1 second is left, and it has not exceeded!

He suddenly breathed a sigh of relief!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky trembled, and the voice of heaven sounded...

[Opportunity reminder: Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for completing the Dao-level chance challenge within the specified time, and obtaining the qualification for the recognition of the 'Fengchan Tianbei'! 】

[Fortune Reminder: You can get this chance reward if you confess your blood to the 'Fengchan Heaven Monument'! 】

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

He finally succeeded in the challenge!

Then he can continue to complete the next divine position acquisition!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief!

At this moment, a blue spirit flag descended from the sky and slowly fell in front of him

Qin Feng hurriedly looked at him...

[Blue Lotus Flag (Oriental): One of the five innate flags, the pinnacle of good fortune, no master! 】

[This Spirit Flag contains: The Avenue of Wood, the Avenue of Tenacity, and the Avenue of Senhai! 】

[Reminder: You need to master one of the three ways of wood, tenacity, and Senhai before you can recognize it as the master! 】

Another innate five-party flag is in hand, this is an unexpected joy!

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!