Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Let's go!"

At this moment, Qi Jie also appeared.

Qi Jie: "Brothers, I have a piece of news for you. Turgenev from village 44 has also risen to level 10. He is going to challenge the 'Lost Village' tonight and plan to build a village."Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Fuck~! Turgenev is going to build a village! Everyone, hurry up and don't get caught up!"

"Yeah! If they build a village, it will affect the business of our novice knives."

"Haha! Don't worry, everyone. How easy is it to build a village? Don't think that everyone can complete the task by entering the 'lost village' like Boss Qin Feng."

"That's right!"

"Brothers, don't say more. A few bosses, hurry up and buy short knives in exchange for energy stones to speed up the upgrade!"

"That's right! Big guys, let's break out!"

Lei Jue and others agreed.

An upgrade sprint kicked off.

At the moment, Lei Jue and the others earned energy stones while killing monsters, and the upgrade speed was greatly accelerated, at least 50%.

This made Lei Jue and the others very happy.

The villagers were also delighted.

Of course, everyone is also working hard, the logging that should be logging, the quarrying that should be quarrying, the mining that should be mining, and the killing monsters that should kill monsters.

0

Because everyone knows that after upgrading to a level 1 village, the next goal is to upgrade to a level 2 village.

The various resources that are needed are still endless.

They can't relax!

In this way, the whole village is working hard up and down.

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

A startling news spread throughout the village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The novice Lei Jue has risen to level 10, and the fourth one has completed the novice assessment in this village, and will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

Suddenly, cheers rang out from all corners of Longyuan Village.

After another ten minutes, the prompt came again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The novice Longshan has risen to level 10, and the fifth person has completed the novice assessment in this village, and will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

The crowd cheered again.

From the fourth to the tenth place, the novice ranking rewards are two bronze treasure chests.

These treasure chests also greatly increased the strength of Lei Jue and others.

Then, less than ten minutes later, a new prompt came again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Novice Wu Yong has risen to level 10, and the sixth one has completed the novice assessment in this village, and will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

The voice of the crowd grew louder.

Excited beyond words.

In this way, every ten minutes, a boss in Longyuan Village will rise to level 10.

Everyone in Longyuan Village was so excited that they could see the hope of upgrading the village.

In the blink of an eye, another hour passed.

In the south of Liluo Prairie, at the foot of Huoji Mountain, a reckless figure appeared.

Qin Feng finally arrived at his destination.

At this moment, he quietly looked at the towering mountains ahead.

Along the way, he ran for two hours, and killed more than 100 beasts all the way, and unknowingly gained more than 80,000 energy points and dozens of attributes.

This raised his combat power to 95 stars again.

It's such a wonderful feeling to keep getting stronger.

"It's finally here!"

Qin Feng let out a long breath.

His target this time is the Demon King of Hell.

The Demon King of Hell is the strongest of the five kings, hiding in the Burning Heaven Valley deep in the Hell Mountain.

"It's time to go!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and was ready to go.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The novice Qi Jie has risen to level 10, and the ninth one has completed the novice assessment in this village, and will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

good! good!

Qi Jie has also risen to level 10.

At this point, Longyuan Village is short of the last level 10 quota.

As long as the tenth-ranked Hu Neng also rises to level 10, he can immediately raise Longyuan Village to level 1.

As a result, the entire village will be turned upside down.

Great benefits for all...  

Chapter 113 Immortal Fire Spirit, Mysterious Certificate!

When he thought of the benefits of the upgraded Longyuan Village, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Having said that, as long as Longyuan Village is upgraded, he can upgrade his wooden house to level 3.

Only when the village reaches level 1, the village chief's wooden house has permission to upgrade to level 3.

Only the villager's wooden house has permission to upgrade to level 2.

Don't think so much, he should go to the Demon King of Hell.

With this in mind, Qin Feng walked towards the Huoyu Mountain in front of him.

Huojishan is an active volcano that stretches for dozens of miles.

The whole area was shrouded in gray-red fog, which looked depressing and gloomy, a scene of doomsday hell.

And the crater at the top of the mountain erupted from time to time with flaming magma, forming several magma rivers, rushing down...

At this moment, Qin Feng walked forward along one of the magma rivers.

According to the task prompt, follow this magma river to the end, which is the Burning Heaven Valley.

Because of the presence of magma, the surrounding temperature is very high, nearly one hundred degrees.

The air was roasted and twisted, and the black rocky ground was roasted hot, and the sweat dripped on it, which would instantly vaporize.

There was also a strong smell of sulphur in the air.

In such an environment, ordinary human beings simply cannot break through.

Qin Feng is naturally not afraid of those high temperatures.

Today, to ordinary people, he is comparable to the existence of gods and demons.

However, he did not dare to be careless.

Huojishan is no ordinary volcano.

I'm afraid these magmas are not ordinary magma.

Gollum~! Gollum~! Gollum~!

This thought came to me, and a large number of bubbles suddenly appeared in the magma river not far away.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look up.

I saw a white fireball the size of a basketball emerging from the lava river.

Boom~!

In the next second, the black fireball exploded with momentum, swelled several times in an instant, and turned into a human-shaped thing.

It's just that its body is made up of flames, and its mouth, ears and nose cannot be seen clearly, only a pair of scarlet eyes emerge, exuding a fascinating light.

At this moment, the monster's eyes were staring at Qin Chuan coldly.

Qin Feng was startled.

Fuck it~!

What the **** is this?

Immediately, his True Sight scanned away.

[Elf]: Magma Fire Essence

[Level]: Level 16

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 30 stars

[Characteristics]: Incorporeal, a spirit born from magma.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 16%

what!

Elf?

It was the first time he had seen such a monster.

Qin Feng was quite surprised.

At the same time, the magma fire essence also looked at Qin Feng coldly.

hehe~!

A human who is only level 14 dares to break into the Hellfire Mountain, it is really courting death.

Then again, it hasn't seen a human in years.

It enjoys the thrill of roasting human flesh!

This time, let it turn this human into ashes, and then absorb his soul essence.

roar~!

With a strange roar, the magma elf rushed towards Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

It is powerful, and wherever it passes, the flames are billowing, and the heat wave is monstrous.

In a blink of an eye, it came close, and was only ten meters away from Qin Feng.

"court death!"

Qin Feng flicked his index finger.

huh~!

A gust of energy shot out from his fingertips and shot the fire essence all at once.

Bang~!

A blast!

The fire essence was instantly bombed, and it exploded into flames all over the sky.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, thinking that he was killed so easily.