Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking about it, the Qing Emperor and the master seem to be from the same clan.

Shouldn't target them!

The two little girls murmured in their hearts.

They only roughly know the relationship between Qingdi and Qin Feng, and they are not familiar with each other, so they will naturally be wary.

"It turned out to be Lord Qingdi! My master is in the Nine Heavens Temple!"

Qi Yue said something casually.

"That's it! If you go to the Nine Heavens Temple, you won't be able to get out in a while! There are two ancient opportunities here, and Qing still wants him to try it. Now it seems that he may have to miss it!"

Qingdi said anxiously.

Qi Yue's heart moved: "Master Qingdi, did you open the entrance to the inheritance of the 'Vermilion Bird' and 'Kirin'?"

Emperor Qing nodded: "Yeah! I accidentally discovered that there were two space nodes hidden near this star, and I used a secret method to open them. Only after I opened it did I discover that they were actually the inheritance of the Vermillion Bird and the inheritance of the Qilin!"

"This is the top inheritance in the Land of God's Legacy! It is rumored that Suzaku and Qilin were half-step eternal, but their comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the eternal realm!"

Boom~!

Infinitely close to the eternal realm!

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were stunned!

They knew that Suzaku and Qilin were strong, but they didn't expect them to be so strong!

At this time, Emperor Qing smiled again and said: "Though these two ancient inheritances are good, unfortunately the requirements are too harsh! The Qilin inheritance needs people who have the Qilin bloodline to go in and inherit. The Vermillion Bird inheritance requires the Vermillion Bird bloodline!"

"Unfortunately! Qing does not have those two bloodlines, even if the inheritance portal is opened, he will not be able to enter!"

Speaking of which, Qingdi looked helpless.

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er looked at each other, their eyes lit up.

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait to say: "Senior Qingdi, can you inherit the inheritance as long as you have the Vermillion Bird bloodline?"

Qingdi smiled bitterly: "The theory is so! But in this huge land of gods, where can you find people with the blood of the Suzaku? People with the blood of the Suzaku are extremely rare in this world!"

"Besides, this Suzaku heritage entrance is only open for ten minutes. It has been open for seven minutes, and only the last three minutes are left to close! If it is closed, I will not be able to open them again!"

As soon as these words came out, the two little girls became anxious.

They don't want to see the entrance closed!

At that moment, Xiao Luan'er volunteered and said, "Senior Qingdi, I have the blood of the Vermillion Bird! Let me try!"

"Hey! You have the Suzaku bloodline?"

Emperor Qing looked up at Xiao Luan'er with an unexpected look on his face.

But in the next second, he shook his head and smiled bitterly: "Little girl, although you have the Suzaku bloodline, you are truly in the realm of God. With such strength, I'm afraid you won't be able to enter the place of Suzaku's inheritance!"

Xiao Luan'er was surprised: "Why?"

Emperor Qing pointed to the Suzaku inheritance entrance and said, "The door of light at the inheritance entrance has a protective mask! Did you see it?"

"That is the first assessment of entering the inheritance. You need an attack power of 2 billion stars to break through that mask! Otherwise, you will not be able to enter!"

2 billion combat power!

That is the ultimate combat power of the Lord God Realm!

True God Realm is absolutely impossible to achieve!

Therefore, Emperor Qing thought that Xiao Luan'er could not reach it!

But she didn't want to, Xiao Luan'er raised her mouth: "Is it only 2 billion? Then I'll try it!"

As soon as these words came out, Qing Di was slightly taken aback!

What is only 2 billion? !

That's really

Qingdi was speechless!

If he remembered correctly, this little girl was in the False God realm before.

She should have just been promoted to True God Realm!

A little girl who has just stepped into the realm of true gods, it is not bad to have tens of millions of combat power, but it is really speechless to even look down on 2 billion combat power!

Qingdi shook his head again and again in his heart, feeling that Xiao Luan'er was talking a lot.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er has taken the initiative to fly to the Suzaku inheritance entrance.

There are only 3 minutes left, and the inheritance entrance will be closed, and the little girl doesn't want to miss it.

Soon, she arrived at the entrance light gate

Qingdi looked at her back with a speechless expression, and kept muttering in his heart!

Could it be that this little girl thought that the entrance challenge was useless because of her Suzaku bloodline?

Or does this girl think I'm lying to her?

It seems that she won't believe it if she won't be let down!

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing looked on at his leisure.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er has already waved her delicate little fist and smashed it hard towards the mask in front of her!

Qingdi still smiles calmly!

He never felt that a True God Realm could smash open a 2 billion energy-level light door without using weapons!

Whoo~!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's fist fell!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The starry sky shakes violently!

Kacha~!

Then, a crisp sound!

The door of light shattered!

A **** hole was revealed!

Boom~!

Qing Di was shocked, and his mouth was wide open!

At this moment, he was completely dumbfounded!

He never thought that the little girl actually broke through the entrance door, and she just punched it casually, it was extremely easy!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er looked back.

"Senior Qingdi! Sister Yue'er! I will inherit the inheritance first, see you later! Hee hee!"

The little girl smiled happily and entered the place of inheritance.

The entrance black hole was closed immediately!

The Suzaku projection in the starry sky disappeared.

It wasn't until this moment that Emperor Qing was relieved, and his expression was extremely complicated!

He naturally didn't know that Xiao Luan'er's combat power was 3 billion stars, and breaking a 2 billion energy-level light gate was not easy!

At this time, the voice of Qiyue sounded beside Qingdi again.

"Lord Qingdi, does Qilin's inheritance also require 2 billion combat power to break through the Entrance Gate of Light?"

"Yep!"

Qing Di nodded subconsciously.

"Thank you for letting me know!"

Qiyue smiled sweetly and flew to the entrance of Qilin inheritance!

Qing Di was stunned, why did this girl go?

After a while, Qiyue had arrived at the entrance of the light gate.

Emperor Qing hurriedly reminded: "This girl! With 2 billion combat power alone, that's not enough! You also need Qilin blood! Besides, you seem to be in the realm of God, I'm afraid"

Kacha~!

Before he could finish speaking, Qi Yue smashed the door of light with a punch!

Qingdi's words came to an abrupt end, his mouth was wide open!

He was dumbfounded again!

In the next second, Qiyue entered the land of inheritance.

The entrance black hole and the unicorn projection also disappeared.

Suddenly, the audience became empty and extremely quiet!

Only Qingdi was left in the starry sky, and it was messy!

After a long time, the Qing Emperor recovered.

He looked at the direction where the two little girls disappeared, sighing!

Those two girls are not of high realm, but their combat power far exceeds 2 billion stars, and their future achievements will definitely far exceed him!

Unexpectedly, even the subordinates around Qin Feng are crouching tigers and hiding dragons!

The potential of any two subordinates is so enchanting, not to mention Qin Feng himself!

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing became even more in awe of Qin Feng.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

That's it! I don't want so much anymore!

He should also hurry up and find an opportunity!

Qingdi gave a bitter smile, and left the star field.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there are only 2 and a half hours left, and the Holy Land will be closed!

At this moment, the true temple, the secret territory of Jiuzhongtian.

Qin Feng finally refined the two tenth-grade gods of 'Xuanhuang' and 'Hongmeng'

Chapter 925 Promotion to True God! Origin Awakens!

The higher the **** level, the longer the fusion time.

The tenth-grade **** position will not be integrated for a while.

Just when Qin Feng merged with the gods, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, Dijiang and others were searching for ancient opportunities in the land of the gods!

At this moment, two beautiful girls appeared in the sky above a broken planet.

One is Qiyue, and the other is Xiaoluaner.

Today's Qiyue is more youthful and beautiful, a peerless beautiful girl.

Xiao Luan'er is fourteen or fifteen years old, with a well-developed body and a peerless beauty.

"Sister Yue'er, you said, can my father pass the challenge of the ninth-rank divine position?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er looked at the direction of Jiutian Zhen Temple, and there was a trace of worry in his eyes.

She was worried that Qin Feng would not be able to get the ninth-rank divine position.

Qiyue also looked at the temple in the distance: "It should be possible!"

Qi Yue's tone was firm.

Her admiration for Qin Feng has long been ingrained.