Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A **** hole was revealed!

Boom~!

Qing Di was shocked, and his mouth was wide open!

At this moment, he was completely dumbfounded!

He never thought that the little girl actually broke through the entrance door, and she just punched it casually, it was extremely easy!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er looked back.

"Senior Qingdi! Sister Yue'er! I will inherit the inheritance first, see you later! Hee hee!"

The little girl smiled happily and entered the place of inheritance.

The entrance black hole was closed immediately!

The Suzaku projection in the starry sky disappeared.

It wasn't until this moment that Emperor Qing was relieved, and his expression was extremely complicated!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He naturally didn't know that Xiao Luan'er's combat power was 3 billion stars, and breaking a 2 billion energy-level light gate was not easy!

At this time, the voice of Qiyue sounded beside Qingdi again.

"Lord Qingdi, does Qilin's inheritance also require 2 billion combat power to break through the Entrance Gate of Light?"

"Yep!"

Qing Di nodded subconsciously.

"Thank you for letting me know!"

Qiyue smiled sweetly and flew to the entrance of Qilin inheritance!

Qing Di was stunned, why did this girl go?

After a while, Qiyue had arrived at the entrance of the light gate.

Emperor Qing hurriedly reminded: "This girl! With 2 billion combat power alone, that's not enough! You also need Qilin blood! Besides, you seem to be in the realm of God, I'm afraid"

Kacha~!

Before he could finish speaking, Qi Yue smashed the door of light with a punch!

Qingdi's words came to an abrupt end, his mouth was wide open!

He was dumbfounded again!

In the next second, Qiyue entered the land of inheritance.

The entrance black hole and the unicorn projection also disappeared.

Suddenly, the audience became empty and extremely quiet!

Only Qingdi was left in the starry sky, and it was messy!

After a long time, the Qing Emperor recovered.

He looked at the direction where the two little girls disappeared, sighing!

Those two girls are not of high realm, but their combat power far exceeds 2 billion stars, and their future achievements will definitely far exceed him!

Unexpectedly, even the subordinates around Qin Feng are crouching tigers and hiding dragons!

The potential of any two subordinates is so enchanting, not to mention Qin Feng himself!

Thinking of this, Emperor Qing became even more in awe of Qin Feng.

That's it! I don't want so much anymore!

He should also hurry up and find an opportunity!

Qingdi gave a bitter smile, and left the star field.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there are only 2 and a half hours left, and the Holy Land will be closed!

At this moment, the true temple, the secret territory of Jiuzhongtian.

Qin Feng finally refined the two tenth-grade gods of 'Xuanhuang' and 'Hongmeng'

Chapter 926 Strange Object Token! Five-way survey!

The next second, Qin Feng opened the treasure chest in his hand!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw the treasure chest slowly opened, and the rays of light bloomed instantly!

The light of the road shines thousands of miles!

When the light dissipated, a purple token emerged!

what! It's not the dark yellow air of heaven and earth!

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, and quickly spy on the token

[Dao-level strange object order: Activate this token to get the whereabouts of a Tao-level strange object (unidentified owner)! 】

[Reminder: There are nine 'Dao-level wonders' in this universe! Obtaining the master of the Nine Dao-level strange objects and obtaining the inheritance of the master of the universe, you can completely control the universe! 】

[Reminder: This token can only be activated after obtaining the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe'! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, surprised and delighted!

To become the master of this universe is one of his goals.

And if you want to become the master of the universe here, you must obtain the nine-dao-level strange object!

Now, he has obtained a Tao-level strange object, the Fengchan Heaven Monument, and there are still eight Tao-level strange objects left.

Now it's good, he actually got a Dao-level strange object order, so he has the opportunity to get another Dao-level strange object.

"It seems that after I leave the Holy Land, I have to rush to Judgment God's Domain as soon as possible!"

Qin Feng smiled at the token in his hand and put it away with satisfaction.

Only by going to the Judgment God Realm can he have the opportunity to obtain the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe', and also have a way to activate the 'Dao-level Rare Object Order'!

After receiving the token, he picked up the second avenue treasure chest...

"The first treasure chest didn't open the 'Xuanhuang Qi of Heaven and Earth'. Is it possible that the mysterious yellow Qi is also known in the world and can't be opened anymore?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and was a little nervous.

If he can't unleash the aura of Xuanhuang again, his plan to promote the Pantian Divine Armor to the weapon of the avenue, I am afraid that it will fail!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and slowly opened the treasure chest in front of him!

Xiaguang blooms again, the avenue reflects thousands of miles!

In the next second, a mysterious yellow air mass emerged, emitting the light of the endless avenue!

[The mysterious and yellow air of heaven and earth: the foundation of the avenue (object)]

[Incorporating this qi into a pinnacle-level artifact of good fortune can be promoted to a new 'tool of the avenue'! 】

It is the mysterious yellow air of heaven and earth!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He hurriedly waved his hand, and the air of Xuanhuang was inhaled into his hands.

After observing for a while, he sent the mysterious yellow energy and Pantian Divine Armor into the center of the small universe!

Next, leave it to the mind body for fusion!

As long as the fusion is successful, he will have a third avenue weapon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot and he is looking forward to it!

"I still have four Chaos Treasure Chests left! If I want to create my own small universe's Conferred God List, I still need to acquire a Qi of Heaven and Earth Xuanhuang!"

At this time, Qin Feng muttered again in his heart.

He has learned that the method of creating a new 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' requires not only some materials of the peak of good fortune, but also a mysterious and yellow aura of the Heavenly Dao!

Therefore, he has to close a Taoist treasure chest!

Among the additional rewards of the Jiuzhongtian Mystery Realm, Tiandao has awarded 2 Dao Treasure Chest God Cards, plus he has 1 card before, the total is 3 cards.

Just now, he combined two Dao-level treasure chests, and he has spent 2 Dao-level treasure chest **** cards, so he still has 1 card left!

In other words, if Qin Feng wants to synthesize a Tao-level treasure chest, he is not short of a treasure chest synthesis card, but only 6 chaos treasure chests (complete state)!

correct! The Holy Land opportunity is almost over!

I wonder if there will be a Chaos Treasure Chest in this chance reward?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart!

Calculate the time, less than 2 hours, the Holy Land will be closed!

He has to hurry up to search for the 'Land of the Gods' and see if he can get some more harvests!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng did not dare to delay, and quickly looked around at the starry sky!

He is ready to choose a direction, so he goes to search for opportunities

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in his sea of ​​consciousness,

[Task reminder: Your residence time in the 'Land of the Gods' has reached the standard of activating the 'Sky Survey Chance Order (Dao Protector)', please drop your blood to activate this order! 】

[Reminder: After leaving the Holy Land, this quest order will automatically expire! 】

[Reminder: Activate this order, you will receive a new mission and get unexpected rewards! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

The Sky Survey Chance Order is finally activated!

That Sky Surveying Chance Order was originally the Supreme rank, but after he was promoted to the Dao Protector, he was promoted to the Dao Protector rank.

Later, he was promoted to Daozi, and the order of chance to survey the sky did not change again!

After he entered the Holy Land, he kept trying to activate the 'Land Survey Order', but he didn't respond!

Unexpectedly, this 'Surveying Chance Order' is actually going to enter the land of the gods and wait enough time to activate!

correct! Not much time left!

He has to activate the mission quickly, so as not to miss the opportunity!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was a golden token in his palm!

The word 'Survey the Sky' is engraved on the front, and the word 'Guardian' is engraved on the back!

In the next second, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped into the token!

hum~~!

As soon as the token **** blood essence, the whole body is full of spiritual light!

huh~!

In the next breath, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Token activation is successful! Congratulations on taking the chance mission - Sky Survey and Protector (S-level)! 】

[Task content: There are three ancient inheritances of 'Suzaku', 'Kirin' and 'Xuanwu' hidden in this land of the gods! 】

[Enter the three places of inheritance and obtain: the Southern Sky Survey Order (Suzaku), the Central Sky Survey Order (Kirin), and the Northern Sky Survey Order (Xuanwu). 】

[With these three orders, you can complete this round of S-level sky survey fortune-telling missions, and you will get rich rewards! 】

[Reminder: After completing this round of Sky Survey Opportunity Mission, the mission will automatically advance to SS level! 】

[Reminder: The fortune-telling mission of the SS-level stage is not completed in the Holy Land, it is related to the whereabouts of a 'Dao-level strange object'! 】