Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~!

Hearing this, Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes lit up!

He did not expect that the follow-up of this sky survey mission would lead to the whereabouts of a 'Dao-level strange object'!

Then he must complete this task!

Dao-level wonders are too important to him!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[Task reminder: Now we will announce to you the location of the three ancient inheritance entrances of ‘Suzaku’, ‘Kirin’ and ‘Xuanwu’...]

In the next second, a starry sky map appeared in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness, which was the map of the land of the gods!

There are three red light spots on the map, and the names of 'Suzaku', 'Kirin' and 'Xuanwu' are not marked next to it!

That is exactly the spatial node location of the three ancient inheritances!

"It turns out that the inheritance of Suzaku and Qilin is in the same place. The inheritance of Xuanwu is in another place!"

After Qin Feng digested the map information, he looked up in a certain direction to the north.

There is the location of the Xuanwu inheritance!

Then, he looked in a certain direction to the south, where is the location of the Suzaku and Qilin inheritance.

The three ancient heritage sites are located in two completely different directions!

Time is running out!

He has to split up!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and the body of the extreme yang and the body of the extreme yin were transformed!

huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the very yin body rushes towards the place of Xuanwu inheritance!

The body of Jiyang rushed to the place where the super vermilion bird and the unicorn were inherited.

His two main bodies stepped out in one step, and then teleported to hundreds of millions of miles away, and the speed was unimaginable.

Soon, Qin Feng's two main bodies disappeared into the vast starry sky.

In this way, Qin Feng successfully activated the sky survey opportunity and began to race against time to collect the sky survey order.

At the same time, something was happening outside the Holy Land.

At this moment, near the Dark Demon Realm, two stalwart figures appeared!

One is slightly chubby, its hair is swirling around its head like a vortex, and its face is like a Buddha or a Buddha, and there is always a smile on his face.

He is the venerable accomplice, a half-step eternal peak power, much stronger than the venerable quasi-yin!

The other one, blond and white robe, covered in golden light, with a sacred aura of merit at the back of his head!

He is the master of the light domain, and he is also a half-step eternal peak power!

At this moment, the two great powers are passing through the realm of the dark demon realm.

"Fellow Daoist Guangming, let's stay away from the center of the Dark Demon Realm, lest the Dark Old Demon sense your breath! He will definitely hunt down!"

Venerable Jie Yin reminded with a smile on his face.

As we all know, the Lord of Light and the Lord of Darkness are deadly enemies.

The Lord of the Bright Domain looked cold: "How could this deity be afraid of him?"

The venerable Jie Ying smiled kindly: "Fellow Daoist is not afraid of him, but this is his realm after all. If you get entangled with him, I'm afraid it will delay our business!"

Having said that, the venerable Jie Yin looked in the direction of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

The Master of the Bright Domain said indifferently: "Fellow Daoist, in ten hours or so, you and I will be able to arrive at the Blue Star Realm, so what are you worried about?! Besides, you have also analyzed before that Qin Feng's combat power is not strong. It will exceed 1.5 billion stars!"

"Such a weak ant can be killed with a single finger of a Taoist friend. By the time we arrive, I'm afraid he has no bones left!"

Venerable Jie Yin took a deep breath: "That said, don't be careless! Although Qin Feng's strength is not very strong, he is the most crucial piece of Tianzun. If he is not destroyed, the overall situation will be unpredictable!"

Speaking of which, Venerable Jie Yin showed a hint of worry.

The owner of Guangming Domain smiled unconcernedly: "Receiving and leading Daoist friends, I'm afraid you are overthinking it!"

This is the end of the story, a sudden change!

The starry sky in front was suddenly distorted!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed, and a communication jade talisman burst out of the air, flying straight towards Venerable Yingyin!

Venerable Jie Yin quickly caught the communication jade talisman, his spiritual sense penetrated, and he checked it out...

After a while, a strange look appeared on his face, and the original smile disappeared.

The master of the light domain couldn't help but ask: "Daoist friend, what's the matter?"

Venerable Jie Yin quietly put away the communication jade talisman.

After that, he whispered: "Don't lie to fellow Daoist, this is a message from my master, urging me to hurry to the Blue Star Realm. If I go late, I'm afraid that things will change, and Qin Feng's child is likely to Escape this calamity!"

As soon as these words fell, the bright domain master was stunned!

He knew that the master who received the words of the venerable was the great sacrifice to heaven!

That Great Sacrifice to Heaven is not only the power of the Eternal Realm, but also the leader in the Eternal Realm!

But then, he couldn't believe it and said: "It's impossible! Then Qin Feng is still in the Holy Land, and Venerable Puyin will be able to reach the Blue Star Realm in about an hour and a half."

"When Qin Feng comes out, he has already arrived at the Blue Star Realm, and he can ambush Qin Feng in advance. I'm afraid that the little thief will be killed on the spot when he comes forward! How could he escape this?"

Venerable Jie Yin took a deep breath: "I don't know this deity either! However, my master is good at cultivating secrets! He said so, 80% of the time it is possible!" 4.7

"This", the bright domain master hesitated.

He was in awe of the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

Then, he pondered: "Daoist friend, is it possible that Tianzun will come forward to save Qin Feng this time? Logically speaking, this should not be the case! Everyone knows that Tianzun and Dajitian have a ten thousand-year agreement!"

"Within 10,000 years, the two sides will each guard their own Star Territory, and will not leave the Star Territory for half a step. Only the disciples can go out! It stands to reason that the ten-thousand-year contract has not expired yet, and Tianzun should not leave the Judgment God Territory! "

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "That's right! The ten thousand year agreement has not yet come, and the Tianzun is restricted by the contract of heaven, so he can't go out of the realm of judgment!

"However, there are only the last two years left until the ten thousand year agreement expires! The closer this 'ten thousand year agreement' comes to an end, the more idiots will appear!"

"Only two years left?!" The face of the master of the light domain changed greatly!

Venerable Jie Yin smiled slightly: "Then what do you say?"

The Master of the Bright Domain swallowed his saliva and stopped talking for a while.

The next moment, he sighed in his heart!

In two more years, the ten thousand year agreement expires!

Heavenly Venerate, the Great Sacrifice to Heaven is about to come forward!

It seems that this universe is about to set off another **** storm!

At that time, even his half-step eternity will become precarious!

"Hey! Ten thousand years of catastrophe is coming!"

The Lord of Light Domain sighed in his heart.

At this moment, the voice of fetching the Venerable sounded beside him.

"Fellow Daoist, let's speed up!"

"As it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, the two stepped out and rushed towards the Blue Star Realm.

Chapter 927 South from Middle Earth! Jiuji Temple!

The next second, Qin Feng opened the treasure chest in his hand!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw the treasure chest slowly opened, and the rays of light bloomed instantly!

The light of the road shines thousands of miles!

When the light dissipated, a purple token emerged!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

what! It's not the dark yellow air of heaven and earth!

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, and quickly spy on the token

[Dao-level strange object order: Activate this token to get the whereabouts of a Tao-level strange object (unidentified owner)! 】

[Reminder: There are nine 'Dao-level wonders' in this universe! Obtaining the master of the Nine Dao-level strange objects and obtaining the inheritance of the master of the universe, you can completely control the universe! 】

[Reminder: This token can only be activated after obtaining the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe'! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, surprised and delighted!

To become the master of this universe is one of his goals.

And if you want to become the master of the universe here, you must obtain the nine-dao-level strange object!

Now, he has obtained a Tao-level strange object, the Fengchan Heaven Monument, and there are still eight Tao-level strange objects left.

Now it's good, he actually got a Dao-level strange object order, so he has the opportunity to get another Dao-level strange object.

"It seems that after I leave the Holy Land, I have to rush to Judgment God's Domain as soon as possible!"

Qin Feng smiled at the token in his hand and put it away with satisfaction.

Only by going to the Judgment God Realm can he have the opportunity to obtain the inheritance of the 'Master of the Universe', and also have a way to activate the 'Dao-level Rare Object Order'!

After receiving the token, he picked up the second avenue treasure chest...

"The first treasure chest didn't open the 'Xuanhuang Qi of Heaven and Earth'. Is it possible that the mysterious yellow Qi is also known in the world and can't be opened anymore?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and was a little nervous.

If he can't unleash the aura of Xuanhuang again, his plan to promote the Pantian Divine Armor to the weapon of the avenue, I am afraid that it will fail!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and slowly opened the treasure chest in front of him!

Xiaguang blooms again, the avenue reflects thousands of miles!

In the next second, a mysterious yellow air mass emerged, emitting the light of the endless avenue!

[The mysterious and yellow air of heaven and earth: the foundation of the avenue (object)]

[Incorporating this qi into a pinnacle-level artifact of good fortune can be promoted to a new 'tool of the avenue'! 】

It is the mysterious yellow air of heaven and earth!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He hurriedly waved his hand, and the air of Xuanhuang was inhaled into his hands.

After observing for a while, he sent the mysterious yellow energy and Pantian Divine Armor into the center of the small universe!

Next, leave it to the mind body for fusion!

As long as the fusion is successful, he will have a third avenue weapon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot and he is looking forward to it!

"I still have four Chaos Treasure Chests left! If I want to create my own small universe's Conferred God List, I still need to acquire a Qi of Heaven and Earth Xuanhuang!"

At this time, Qin Feng muttered again in his heart.

He has learned that the method of creating a new 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' requires not only some materials of the peak of good fortune, but also a mysterious and yellow aura of the Heavenly Dao!

Therefore, he has to close a Taoist treasure chest!

Among the additional rewards of the Jiuzhongtian Mystery Realm, Tiandao has awarded 2 Dao Treasure Chest God Cards, plus he has 1 card before, the total is 3 cards.

Just now, he combined two Dao-level treasure chests, and he has spent 2 Dao-level treasure chest **** cards, so he still has 1 card left!