Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In other words, if Qin Feng wants to synthesize a Tao-level treasure chest, he is not short of a treasure chest synthesis card, but only 6 chaos treasure chests (complete state)!

correct! The Holy Land opportunity is almost over!

I wonder if there will be a Chaos Treasure Chest in this chance reward?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart!

Calculate the time, less than 2 hours, the Holy Land will be closed!

He has to hurry up to search for the 'Land of the Gods' and see if he can get some more harvests!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng did not dare to delay, and quickly looked around at the starry sky!

He is ready to choose a direction, so he goes to search for opportunities

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in his sea of ​​consciousness,

[Task reminder: Your residence time in the 'Land of the Gods' has reached the standard of activating the 'Sky Survey Chance Order (Dao Protector)', please drop your blood to activate this order! 】

[Reminder: After leaving the Holy Land, this quest order will automatically expire! 】

[Reminder: Activate this order, you will receive a new mission and get unexpected rewards! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

The Sky Survey Chance Order is finally activated!

That Sky Surveying Chance Order was originally the Supreme rank, but after he was promoted to the Dao Protector, he was promoted to the Dao Protector rank.

Later, he was promoted to Daozi, and the order of chance to survey the sky did not change again!

After he entered the Holy Land, he kept trying to activate the 'Land Survey Order', but he didn't respond!

Unexpectedly, this 'Surveying Chance Order' is actually going to enter the land of the gods and wait enough time to activate!

correct! Not much time left!

He has to activate the mission quickly, so as not to miss the opportunity!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was a golden token in his palm!

The word 'Survey the Sky' is engraved on the front, and the word 'Guardian' is engraved on the back!

In the next second, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped into the token!

hum~~!

As soon as the token **** blood essence, the whole body is full of spiritual light!

huh~!

In the next breath, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Token activation is successful! Congratulations on taking the chance mission - Sky Survey and Protector (S-level)! 】

[Task content: There are three ancient inheritances of 'Suzaku', 'Kirin' and 'Xuanwu' hidden in this land of the gods! 】

[Enter the three places of inheritance and obtain: the Southern Sky Survey Order (Suzaku), the Central Sky Survey Order (Kirin), and the Northern Sky Survey Order (Xuanwu). 】

[With these three orders, you can complete this round of S-level sky survey fortune-telling missions, and you will get rich rewards! 】

[Reminder: After completing this round of Sky Survey Opportunity Mission, the mission will automatically advance to SS level! 】

[Reminder: The fortune-telling mission of the SS-level stage is not completed in the Holy Land, it is related to the whereabouts of a 'Dao-level strange object'! 】

Boom~!

Hearing this, Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes lit up!

He did not expect that the follow-up of this sky survey mission would lead to the whereabouts of a 'Dao-level strange object'!

Then he must complete this task!

Dao-level wonders are too important to him!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[Task reminder: Now we will announce to you the location of the three ancient inheritance entrances of ‘Suzaku’, ‘Kirin’ and ‘Xuanwu’...]

In the next second, a starry sky map appeared in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness, which was the map of the land of the gods!

There are three red light spots on the map, and the names of 'Suzaku', 'Kirin' and 'Xuanwu' are not marked next to it!

That is exactly the spatial node location of the three ancient inheritances!

"It turns out that the inheritance of Suzaku and Qilin is in the same place. The inheritance of Xuanwu is in another place!"

After Qin Feng digested the map information, he looked up in a certain direction to the north.

There is the location of the Xuanwu inheritance!

Then, he looked in a certain direction to the south, where is the location of the Suzaku and Qilin inheritance.

The three ancient heritage sites are located in two completely different directions!

Time is running out!

He has to split up!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and the body of the extreme yang and the body of the extreme yin were transformed!

huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the very yin body rushes towards the place of Xuanwu inheritance!

The body of Jiyang rushed to the place where the super vermilion bird and the unicorn were inherited.

His two main bodies stepped out in one step, and then teleported to hundreds of millions of miles away, and the speed was unimaginable.

Soon, Qin Feng's two main bodies disappeared into the vast starry sky.

In this way, Qin Feng successfully activated the sky survey opportunity and began to race against time to collect the sky survey order.

At the same time, something was happening outside the Holy Land.

At this moment, near the Dark Demon Realm, two stalwart figures appeared!

One is slightly chubby, its hair is swirling around its head like a vortex, and its face is like a Buddha or a Buddha, and there is always a smile on his face.

He is the venerable accomplice, a half-step eternal peak power, much stronger than the venerable quasi-yin!

The other one, blond and white robe, covered in golden light, with a sacred aura of merit at the back of his head!

He is the master of the light domain, and he is also a half-step eternal peak power!

At this moment, the two great powers are passing through the realm of the dark demon realm.

"Fellow Daoist Guangming, let's stay away from the center of the Dark Demon Realm, lest the Dark Old Demon sense your breath! He will definitely hunt down!"

Venerable Jie Yin reminded with a smile on his face.

As we all know, the Lord of Light and the Lord of Darkness are deadly enemies.

The Lord of the Bright Domain looked cold: "How could this deity be afraid of him?"

The venerable Jie Ying smiled kindly: "Fellow Daoist is not afraid of him, but this is his realm after all. If you get entangled with him, I'm afraid it will delay our business!"

Having said that, the venerable Jie Yin looked in the direction of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

The Master of the Bright Domain said indifferently: "Fellow Daoist, in ten hours or so, you and I will be able to arrive at the Blue Star Realm, so what are you worried about?! Besides, you have also analyzed before that Qin Feng's combat power is not strong. It will exceed 1.5 billion stars!"

"Such a weak ant can be killed with a single finger of a Taoist friend. By the time we arrive, I'm afraid he has no bones left!"

Venerable Jie Yin took a deep breath: "That said, don't be careless! Although Qin Feng's strength is not very strong, he is the most crucial piece of Tianzun. If he is not destroyed, the overall situation will be unpredictable!"

Speaking of which, Venerable Jie Yin showed a hint of worry.

The owner of Guangming Domain smiled unconcernedly: "Receiving and leading Daoist friends, I'm afraid you are overthinking it!"

This is the end of the story, a sudden change!

The starry sky in front was suddenly distorted!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed, and a communication jade talisman burst out of the air, flying straight towards Venerable Yingyin!

Venerable Jie Yin quickly caught the communication jade talisman, his spiritual sense penetrated, and he checked it out...

After a while, a strange look appeared on his face, and the original smile disappeared.

The master of the light domain couldn't help but ask: "Daoist friend, what's the matter?"

Venerable Jie Yin quietly put away the communication jade talisman.

After that, he whispered: "Don't lie to fellow Daoist, this is a message from my master, urging me to hurry to the Blue Star Realm. If I go late, I'm afraid that things will change, and Qin Feng's child is likely to Escape this calamity!"

As soon as these words fell, the bright domain master was stunned!

He knew that the master who received the words of the venerable was the great sacrifice to heaven!

That Great Sacrifice to Heaven is not only the power of the Eternal Realm, but also the leader in the Eternal Realm!

But then, he couldn't believe it and said: "It's impossible! Then Qin Feng is still in the Holy Land, and Venerable Puyin will be able to reach the Blue Star Realm in about an hour and a half."

"When Qin Feng comes out, he has already arrived at the Blue Star Realm, and he can ambush Qin Feng in advance. I'm afraid that the little thief will be killed on the spot when he comes forward! How could he escape this?"

Venerable Jie Yin took a deep breath: "I don't know this deity either! However, my master is good at cultivating secrets! He said so, 80% of the time it is possible!" 4.7

"This", the bright domain master hesitated.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He was in awe of the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

Then, he pondered: "Daoist friend, is it possible that Tianzun will come forward to save Qin Feng this time? Logically speaking, this should not be the case! Everyone knows that Tianzun and Dajitian have a ten thousand-year agreement!"

"Within 10,000 years, the two sides will each guard their own Star Territory, and will not leave the Star Territory for half a step. Only the disciples can go out! It stands to reason that the ten-thousand-year contract has not expired yet, and Tianzun should not leave the Judgment God Territory! "

Venerable Jie Yin nodded slightly: "That's right! The ten thousand year agreement has not yet come, and the Tianzun is restricted by the contract of heaven, so he can't go out of the realm of judgment!

"However, there are only the last two years left until the ten thousand year agreement expires! The closer this 'ten thousand year agreement' comes to an end, the more idiots will appear!"

"Only two years left?!" The face of the master of the light domain changed greatly!

Venerable Jie Yin smiled slightly: "Then what do you say?"

The Master of the Bright Domain swallowed his saliva and stopped talking for a while.

The next moment, he sighed in his heart!

In two more years, the ten thousand year agreement expires!

Heavenly Venerate, the Great Sacrifice to Heaven is about to come forward!

It seems that this universe is about to set off another **** storm!

At that time, even his half-step eternity will become precarious!

"Hey! Ten thousand years of catastrophe is coming!"

The Lord of Light Domain sighed in his heart.

At this moment, the voice of fetching the Venerable sounded beside him.

"Fellow Daoist, let's speed up!"

"As it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, the two stepped out and rushed towards the Blue Star Realm.

Chapter 928 The Lord of the Sky Survey! Resource sweep!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, twenty minutes passed!

Holy Land, the depths of God's Relic Land!

A huge star appeared, and a handsome figure appeared nearby!