Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The person who came is the body of Jiyang!

"It's finally here!"

At this moment, Ji Yang's body looked at the starry sky on the south side of the star and breathed a sigh of relief.

The spatial coordinates of Suzaku's inheritance are just a hundred miles ahead.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body stepped out one step, and in an instant, it was a hundred miles away and appeared next to the map coordinates.

Om~!

The next second, his eyes lit up with a faint silver light, and he instantly understood the structure of the world in a radius of ten thousand miles!

At this moment, the world is different from all living beings in his eyes!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

A rule of thumb! One road!

One hidden space node, there is nothing to hide!

Soon, he saw two space nodes, just a hundred feet ahead!

The space node of Suzaku and Qilin's inheritance has been found!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly, then put away the light in his eyes, ready to forcibly break the space node

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred ahead!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that at that hundred feet, the space suddenly slowly cracked, and it took the initiative to show the space node!

After a while, a white light hole with a diameter of several meters emerged!

Boo~~!

Immediately afterwards, a phoenix ming suddenly sounded!

A projection of a holy beast was projected from the hole, reflecting on the starry sky, reaching a height of 10,000 feet!

Ji Yang's body hurriedly looked at the projection, and saw that it was a holy beast with a body like a phoenix, red feathers all over, and golden flames burning all over his body. His aura was extremely extraordinary!

That is the holy beast Suzaku!

"Hey! How did this inheritance portal open automatically?"

Ji Yang's body was surprised!

But this thought came to me, and a beautiful and moving girl figure came out of the hole of light.

As soon as the girl appeared 19 times, the projection of the Vermillion Bird in the air melted into the girl's body at a speed visible to the naked eye, causing the girl's aura to skyrocket!

Ji Yang's body hurriedly looked at him, and saw that the girl was Xiao Luan'er!

"Hey! Dad!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er also saw Jiyang's body!

She immediately flew over with joy!

In the blink of an eye, she was next to Ji Yang's body.

"Dad, why are you here?"

As soon as Xiao Luan'er arrived, he hurriedly looked at his father.

When she saw that Jiyang's body was already in the realm of true gods, she suddenly breathed a sigh of relief.

It seems that Sister Yue'er is right, my father really got the ninth-rank divine position.

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body also looked at Xiao Luan'er with a look of surprise.

He clearly sensed that Xiao Luan'er had the aura of the Suzaku holy beast, and his combat power and momentum had reached 6.5 billion stars, which seemed to have surpassed Dijiang and Jumang!

Looking at the little girl's appearance, she has also changed a lot.

She has changed from fourteen or fifteen years old to sixteen or seventeen years old, her body has grown more exquisite, and she has become more beautiful.

Not only that, she also has some noble and gorgeous temperament on her body!

"Little girl, have you acquired the Vermillion Bird inheritance?"

"Yes!" Xiao Luan'er nodded proudly.

Ji Yang's body also showed a gratified smile.

He has long despised the inheritance of Suzaku.

With his potential and aptitude, only the inheritance of the Lord of the Universe will make him move.

What's more, his current comprehensive strength is comparable to half a step in the Eternal Realm, so how can he look at the Suzaku inheritance that is not even in the Eternal Realm!

Of course, he did not underestimate the inheritance of the Vermillion Bird!

After all, Suzaku is one of the five holy beasts, and its comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the eternal realm!

It is the best arrangement for Xiao Luan'er to obtain his inheritance!

Xiao Luan'er's strength became stronger, and the more combat power he could give him back.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded beside him again.

"Dad! Although I inherited the Suzaku heritage, I have only awakened 10% so far, so the improvement in combat power is limited. However, during this inheritance process, I have also awakened two new avenues!"

Ji Yang's body hurriedly asked, "Are those two avenues?"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly said, "One is the Avenue of Nirvana! The other is the Avenue of Flames!"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up: "These two avenues, I have not awakened!"

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "That's great! Dad, then please share your insights!"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Don't worry! Luan'er, when you obtained the inheritance of the Vermillion Bird, did you get a sky survey order?"

"Sky Survey Order?! Dad! Is this the token?"

Xiao Luan'er pondered for a while, then took out a red token from the storage ring.

As soon as the token appeared, it exuded an amazing fire breath, containing infinite rhythm!

Ji Yang took a look at it and saw that the word 'Survey the Sky' was engraved on the front of the token, and the word 'Nanli' was engraved on the back.

He snooped quickly

[Southern Sky Survey Order (Vermilion Bird): The divine order to control the Nanli Skyfire is also one of the orders to open the secret realm of the ‘Jiuji Palace’! 】

what! Jiuji Palace? !

Where is that?

The anode body is very puzzled!

But before he thought about it, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: congratulations on obtaining the Southern Sky Survey Order (Suzaku), your task progress has been completed 1/3…]

Jiyang body suddenly laughed!

Unexpectedly, one third of it was completed so easily!

"Luan'er, your token is related to one of my father's tasks, so I will accept it!"

"Dad! Just take it! As long as you can help Dad! Luan'er is too happy!"

Xiao Luan'er held the arm of Ji Yang's body and said coquettishly.

Ji Yang's body fondly touched her little head, only to realize that the little girl had grown a lot taller, reaching his chin.

Before you know it, this little girl has grown up and is no longer the little doll she used to be!

He smiled and withdrew his hand calmly.

"Luan'er, let's start sharing insights!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan'er quickly let go of Ji Yang's body's arm, and closed her eyes obediently.

Ji Yang's body no longer delays, he directly draws a golden rune and presses it between Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows.

hum~~!

The golden rune slowly poured into Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows, and a dazzling golden light bloomed

In the next second, the two of them resonated with their souls, and the power of innumerable Taoist comprehension suddenly poured into the sea of ​​consciousness of Jiyang's body.

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! You are sharing your insights on the avenue with your subordinate Xiao Luan’er]

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Nirvana Avenue' from Xiao Luan'er, and you began to awaken the 'Nirvana Avenue']

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Avenue of Flames' from Xiao Luan'er, and you began to awaken the 'Avenue of Flames']

At this moment, the momentum of Jiyang's body skyrocketed wildly, and two-color avenues of spiritual light also lit up on his body.

Shared perception and belief perception are different!

Sharing perception is to have various perceptions with Qin Feng's messengers.

After reaching the Dao level, Qin Feng needs to use the secret rune to get the Dao insight from the messenger. There is no limit to the number of times!

Faith perception is used on subordinates who are not messengers, and there is a limit to the number of times

It won't take long for the sharing of insights to end!

Ji Yang's body slowly opened his eyes, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

He got two more avenues, and the basic combat power also increased to 833.4 billion stars!

"Dad! Are you all right?"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er also opened his eyes.

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Okay! Next, I"

Before he finished speaking, the mutation in the field regenerated!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly there was a cracking sound in the space on the side!

Jiyang body quickly followed the sound and saw a white light hole with a diameter of several meters emerging!

roar~!

Immediately afterwards, there was a roar of a heaven-shattering beast, like a dragon roar!

The projection of a holy beast unicorn projected from the hole, reflecting the starry sky!

In the next second, Qiyue came out of the light hole.

As soon as she appeared, the unicorn projection in the air automatically melted into her body, causing her aura to skyrocket wildly!

After the fusion is over, the projection and the light hole disappear together!

"Sister Yue'er!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's happy voice sounded in the field!

"Hey! Master!"

At this moment, Qiyue also saw Jiyang's body and flew over happily.

Ji Yang's body also looked at her with surprise!

He didn't expect that in addition to Xiao Luan'er getting the Vermillion Bird inheritance, Qiyue also got the Qilin inheritance!

Looking at this girl's aura, it has soared to 6.1 billion stars, which also surpassed Di Jiang and Jumang!

Not only that, but this girl's temperament has also changed a lot, she has some more elegant and noble bearing, and her appearance is even more beautiful!

Soon, she came to Ji Yang's body.

"Yue'er has seen the master!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Yue'er, have you obtained the Qilin inheritance?"

"Exactly! However, Yue'er has only awakened 10% of the inheritance, and 90% has not awakened!"

Qiyue and full disclosure.