Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

She has unreserved trust in Qin Feng.

At this time, Xiao Luan'er also interjected: "Sister Yue'er, I am just like you! I only awakened 10% of the inheritance. By the way, Sister Yue'er, have you awakened a new way this time?!"

Qiyue smiled and said, "I have awakened two avenues! One is the Bafang Avenue! The other is the avenue of dust! Master, have you awakened these two avenues?"

Ji Yang's body smiled and shook his head: "Not yet awakened!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master! Then you can share your insights!"

"it is good!"

Ji Yang's body is no nonsense, he directly stretched out a finger, drew a golden divine pattern, and pressed it towards Qi Yue's smooth forehead.

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! Your subordinate Qiyue is sharing the insights of the avenue...]

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Bafang Avenue' from Qiyue, and you began to awaken the 'Bafang Avenue']

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Avenue of Dust' from Xiao Luan'er, and you began to awaken the 'Avenue of Dust']

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Nirvana Avenue' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road of Flames' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

This time, Qin Feng not only obtained a new avenue, but also the jade plate of good fortune was automatically activated.

After the momentum skyrocketed, the 880 Extreme Yang body slowly opened its eyes!

After this, his basic combat power reached 835.5 billion stars, and the number of master avenues reached 175!

In this regard, the anode body is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, Qi Yue also slowly opened her eyes.

"Yue'er, did you get a Sky Survey Order when you obtained the Qilin inheritance?"

Ji Yang Ontology asked what he cared about.

"Master, is that this?"

Qiyue took out a yellow token from the storage ring.

As soon as the token appeared, it exuded an amazing earthy aura, which also contained infinite rhythm!

Looking at the two characters 'Survey the Sky' engraved on the front and the three characters 'Central Earth' on the back, it should be what I want.

The anode body is easily taken over

[Central Sky Survey Order (Kirin): The divine order to control the central four seasons soil is also one of the orders to open the secret realm of the ‘Jiuji Palace’! 】

[Task reminder: congratulations on obtaining the Central Sky Survey Order (Kirin), your task progress has been completed 2/3]

Hearing the prompt, Ji Yang's body smiled again!

Now two-thirds of the chance mission has been completed, and the last piece of Northern Xuantian is left.

"Yue'er, this token is related to one of my tasks! I will accept it!"

"Master, everything about Yue'er is yours! Feel free to take this token!"

Speaking of this, Qi Yue's pretty face was slightly red, and her eyes contained an inexplicable emotion.

Ji Yang's body pretended not to see it, and quietly put away the token.

At this time, Qiyue asked curiously: "Master, have you got those two ninth-grade gods?"

"Yeah! Dad! Has the throne been won?"

Xiao Luan'er also looked curious.

Ji Yang's body smiled: "Take it!"

As soon as these words fell, the two girls were overjoyed!

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er asked again: "Dad, one ninth-rank **** can bless 500 million combat power, and you got two ninth-rank gods, so your combat power has reached 300 million?"

Hearing this, Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

What he got was not the ninth-rank **** position, but the higher tenth-rank **** position!

His combat power is not 300 million stars, but more than 8.3 billion!

With this in mind, the body of the polar yang is about to open its mouth

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, he felt something, and suddenly raised his head to look at the starry sky in the distance.

In the next second, a happy look appeared on his face!

It turned out that he sensed that the extreme yin body had found the space node of Xuanwu inheritance and opened it

It seems that his mission of surveying the sky will soon be completed.

Chapter 929 The strong enemy is coming! Seal the starry sky!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At the same time, in the land of the gods.

Qin Feng's resource sweep has also come to an end

And outside the Holy Land, something is also happening.

At this time, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The 100,000 Longyuan disciples all looked at the sky anxiously.

In half an hour, the Holy Land will close.

They are all waiting for Qin Feng to come out!

At the same time, thousands of miles away in the air.

The millions of guardian force leaders are discussing

There were occasional mutterings from the crowd

"Everyone, in half an hour, Qin Feng is going to leave the Holy Land! You say, what kind of strength will that guy come out this time?"

"I want the old man to see! It's good that he can reach 300 million combat power!"

"Only 300 million?! Facing Lord Yeshen with such strength, he is simply vulnerable!"

"Of course! If Qin Feng has a chance to win, why wouldn't I follow him?"

"That's right! I also think that Qin Feng doesn't even have a 10% chance of winning this time, so he chooses to wait and see!"

"Yeah! Laoshen also thinks Qin Feng is dead this time! Fellow Daoist Li also thinks that he has 300 million combat power! But Laoshen thinks that he may not even reach 300 million, so it would be good to have 200 million combat strength!"

"Hey! It doesn't matter if he is 300 million or 200 million! In short, he is dead and alive this time!"

Many people shook their heads secretly, all of which expressed their dislike of Qin Feng.

Some people even show schadenfreude

It's just that these people underestimate the strength of Liu Xuan, Qishan and others.

Today, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Granny Feng Qi have all reached 50,000-star combat power.

Even though they were thousands of miles apart, Liu Xuan and others could hear the muttering of these people.

At this time, in the sky above the floating city, in front of everyone in Long Yuan.

Liu Xuan looked at the audience with a gloomy expression, and his expression was very unhappy.

Qishan, Lei Jue, and Granny Feng Qi on the side also frowned slightly.

"Several, those guys are really outrageous! They actually said that when the boss came out this time, it would be good to have a combat power of 200 million! How dare you underestimate our boss!"

Liu Xuan said angrily.

Lei Jue was also annoyed: "Humph! These guys are just ignorant! They don't even know how powerful the boss is!"

Elder Qishan also said, "In half an hour, the master will come out! At that time, it will open their eyes!" 880

Granny Feng Qi was a little worried: "What I am worried about now is whether the master can break through the 500 million combat power? If he does, then our Longyuan City can still be saved! If not!"

Speaking of which, Granny Feng Qi had a worried look on her face.

Liu Xuan took a deep breath: "500 million combat power! It's really difficult! However, I believe the boss can do it! Let's continue to wait! It's only half an hour"

Halfway through speaking, Liu Xuan felt something inexplicably, and looked up beyond the starry sky barrier.

At this very moment, in the depths of the starry sky beyond the barrier.

Three figures are escaping from a distance!

The old man at the head is Venerable Puyin!

Jesus, Mary followed

"Senior! We are here! It's the blue planet ahead!"

At this moment, Yeshen pointed at the blue star realm in the distance with an excited look on his face.

At their speed, they can arrive in three minutes at most!

Venerable Puyin also breathed a sigh of relief: "It's good to arrive! Let's go! After a while, I will go to the Blue Star Realm, you will shock those ants, and the deity will set up a barrier to seal the surrounding starry sky!"

"Senior, don't worry! With the two of us coming forward, none of those ants can escape from the Blue Star Realm!"

Ye Shen said confidently.

"So good!"

Venerable Puyin smiled and nodded.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he took out a communication jade talisman and watched it.

After reading it, a smile appeared on his face.

Ye Shen hesitated for a while, and then asked cautiously, "Senior Puyin, I don't know what's going on?"

"It's okay to tell you! I received the news from my senior brother, and he and the master of the light domain are speeding up! At most three hours, they will be able to arrive here!"

Pu Yin calmly put away the communication jade talisman.

Yeshen was greatly surprised: "It's only three hours?! That's great! My domain master and the predecessors are both half-step eternal peak powers! If they arrive, even if Qin Feng has 1.5 trillion combat power, they will There is no escape from death!"

Half-step eternal peak power, the weakest combat power is also 3 trillion stars!

As soon as those words fell, Maria covered her mouth and smiled and said, "Yeah, you are too high on that kid! Before, senior didn't analyze it, that kid's combat power won't exceed 1.5 billion stars, how is it possible? 1.5 trillion?!"

Ye Shen smiled: "I'm just making an analogy!"

But Venerable Puyin said: "That said, but I can't take it lightly! Let me tell you one more news! I took my brother and said that the situation might change this time! These tens of billions of miles of starry sky!"

"Seal tens of billions of miles of starry sky?!", Ye Shen was surprised!

This is too big!

Immediately, he was puzzled: "Senior, I will wait for Qin Feng's child to ambush and kill him and wait in the sky above the Blue Star Realm. Why do we have to seal the tens of billions of miles of starry sky? Is it possible that the boy can escape under our ambush. Can't the Blue Star Realm?"

Pu Yin took a deep breath: "I don't think so either! But this is according to the instructions of Senior Brother Yin, and it is also explained by Lord Jitian. It is estimated that Qin Feng's child has obtained some magic weapon to escape in the Holy Land, and the old man has no choice but to Get ready!"

Hearing these words, Ye Shen didn't care.

He thought Venerable Puyin was superfluous!

To deal with a boy with a combat power of less than 1.5 billion stars, it is necessary to seal tens of billions of miles of space, as if dealing with a half-step eternal power.

However, he feared Venerable Puyin in his heart and did not dare to say much.

"Go! You two go to the Blue Star Realm first, and control all the creatures on that planet! This old man will set up a barrier in this starry sky first!"

At this time, Venerable Puyin gave another order!

"Yes! Senior!"

At the moment, Ye Shen and the two did not dare to say more, and flew straight towards the Blue Star Realm.

When Pu Yin saw the two leave, he also began to arrange the starry sky seal.

In fact, he also felt that the explanation of the big sacrifice to heaven seemed to be superfluous.

But he did not dare not to obey the orders of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven!