Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He didn't think that Qin Feng could escape from the Blue Star Realm with his help.

From the beginning to the end, Venerable Puyin did not take Qin Feng to heart.

With his basic combat strength of 2 trillion, how could he worry about an ant with a combat strength of over 100 billion!

Jesus, so did Mary!

And the guardian forces in the Blue Star Realm are even less optimistic about Qin Feng.

They don't know that Qin Feng's current combat power is far beyond their imagination

At this moment, in the Holy Land.

Deep in the land of the gods, somewhere in the starry sky!

Qin Feng is looking around with joy!

He has swept away all the resources of this divine relict!

He has harvested a lot of cherished resources, as well as 15 acquired avenues!

During this period of time, he obtained all kinds of Dao Crystals and refined them all.

This made him awaken successively the great avenues of xiong, tyrant, four elephants, five elements, supreme, and nothingness.

In this way, the number of avenues he masters has reached 196, and the innate avenues are 21!

The basic combat power has reached 864.7 billion stars in one fell swoop!

"864.7 billion combat power! With such combat power, I should be able to repel Venerable Puyin!"

At this time, Qin Feng smiled!

He is extremely satisfied with his progress!

correct!

He has already mastered the 'Tianji Dao', and he can first deduce the good and bad luck after the Holy Land!

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched the hexagrams and deduced them on the spot!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, his fingertips lit up with golden light, and a hexagram was born in his hands, and they turned into nothingness...

After a while, the Tianji calculation is complete!

Qin Feng was extremely shocked!

According to his reckoning, going out with his current combat power would be a life-and-death situation!

If his combat power exceeds one trillion stars, then there is only a 30% chance of survival!

A trillion!

Only a 30% chance of survival!

"How could this be?"

Qin Feng frowned, feeling puzzled!

At the same time, there was a burst of anxiety in his heart!

There is a high probability that there will be no mistakes!

Since Tian Ji revealed that he has to break through 1 trillion stars in combat power, then he has a 30% chance of survival.

Then he has to do everything possible to break through the combat power to 1 trillion first!

He has already used up all the resources and channels that might improve his strength. Where can there be other ways?

correct!

There is also a second round of chance rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he saw a glimmer of hope!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven came from the sky

[Holy Land Reminder: The chance of this round is over, and the players in the Divine Land will be sent back to the square, please choose and prepare! 】

【Countdown: 32】

it is finally over!

Qin Feng looked up at the terminal square

huh~!

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared in place

When he reappeared, he appeared in the center of the finish square, surrounded by the noise of the players!

"Hey! Another True God Realm has come!"

Qin Feng's appearance immediately shocked the surroundings.

Many players cast strange glances at him, and their expressions are a little weird.

Qin Feng ignored it!

He looked around and walked towards a corner

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Before Qin Feng reached the corner, there were excited voices from Xiao Luan'er, Yu Xuanji and others.

It turned out that the Long Yuan people had returned early!

Seeing this scene, the expressions of the players around were even more strange.

"Everyone, it seems that these True God Realm players are a group!"

"Yeah! I didn't expect that ten True God Realm passed the assessment this time!"

Someone in the crowd whispered in a sour tone!

These murmurs were naturally hidden from Qin Feng's ears!

He didn't even bother to pay attention to these ants!

Today, the God King is like an ant in his eyes!

Not to mention those players who are quasi-god kings and main gods.

"Dad! Daddy!"

Soon, Qin Feng came to the corner.

Zhu Rong and Gong Gong, the two little babies, rushed over with joy on their faces and hugged his thighs.

Qin Feng also fondly touched the heads of the two little guys and looked at them.

I saw that the two little guys had changed from one or two years old to three or four years old, and they seemed to have grown up a lot.

Looking at their combat power, all of them have reached 4.5 billion stars, which is not much worse than Dijiang and Jumang!

These two little guys are making great progress!

Qin Feng is very pleased!

Afterwards, he looked at Ran Deng, Ming He, Feng Xi, Yu Xuanji and the others, all of them had a huge increase in strength!

Qin Feng looks more and more satisfied!

The stronger these confidant subordinates are, the more help he will be able to break through the next crisis!

"Master, the concubine has completed the inheritance of the Xuanwu inheritance!"

At this time, Yu Xuanji happily reported the progress.

Qin Feng looked at her and saw that her combat power had reached 7 billion stars, and her whole person had become as gentle as water, even more beautiful than before!

"very good!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile and couldn't help but praise.

"By the way, master! When the concubine merged with the inheritance of Xuanwu, she also awakened the 'Abyss Avenue' and the 'Lanzhi Avenue'. I don't know these two avenues, can you awaken?"

Yu Xuanji reported the truth again!

In order to allow her master to improve her strength, she was also worried.

Qin Feng was also quite surprised: "These two have not awakened yet!"

At this time, Ran Deng also respectfully reported: "Master, when this subordinate retreated and cultivated this time, he also repaired the second avenue of his previous life - Dinghai Dao! I wonder if the master has any insight?!"

Qin Feng was surprised again: "This avenue has not awakened!"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly urged: "Dad! Then you quickly start sharing insights and copy those three new avenues!"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "Wait a moment! Tiandao should give out rewards! By the way, this deity tells you some bad news!"

"I just used the 'Tianji Avenue' to deduce it! We may encounter great danger when we go out this time!"

"If my combat power can be increased by more than 100 million stars, there may still be some chances of survival! If it can't be improved, I'm afraid it will be a near death!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Boom~!

As soon as Qin Feng said this, Xiao Luan'er and others were shocked!

One by one was completely dumbfounded!

Raise 100 million combat power!

This is too exaggerated!

Besides, they are going to leave the Holy Land soon, is it too late?

In fact, Qin Feng has already said it in a positive direction!

The actual situation is worse than what he said!

"Master! Is the situation so serious?"

Feng Xi couldn't help but ask.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "There is usually no mistake in deducing the secret! It must be very serious!"

"Then how should this be?"

Feng Xi couldn't help frowning.

Everyone frowned, showing anxiety.

"Right! Master, chance rewards will be issued soon! You got the rewards for the first and second place this time! Maybe, this wave of rewards will improve your combat power!"

Yu Xuanji reminded,

Qin Feng sighed: "At the moment, there are only this wave of reward opportunities left, which can help me improve my strength. As for how much I can improve, it depends on whether the rewards are rich or not?"

Everyone nodded slightly, feeling like this!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook, and the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded.

[Holy Land Reminder: Now start to distribute the pass rewards of this round of opportunities! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this tip came out, the audience was a sensation!

All the players looked up in surprise and looked to the sky!

Everyone in Long Yuan also raised their heads.

Even Qin Feng held his breath and looked nervously into the air.

The rewards are finally going to be distributed!

The richness of the reward this time has had too much influence on him, making him nervous!