But the next second, the smile on his face froze.

I saw the flames that filled the sky, gathered together again, and re-formed into a human form.

The fire spirit is resurrected!

It's just that the momentum has dropped by 10%!

roar~!

Fire spirit is furious!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It is a level 16 elf, and its strength is much stronger than that of a level 16 beast.

But I didn't want it, it was bombarded once by this 14th-level human being.

This is simply a disgrace to it!

It can be seen that this human being is not simple.

But it's almost impossible to kill.

It is not afraid of this human at all.

roar~!

Huojing roared towards Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, it was in front of Qin Feng.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

The blade of wind marks slashed through Huo Jing's body, as if it had passed through a mass of air, without any hindrance.

The fire essence didn't hurt in the slightest.

There was contempt in his eyes.

Stupid humans!

It's a joke to actually want to hurt it with a sword!

Qin Feng was also shocked.

Fuck it~!

This fire spirit is weird!

Physical attacks don't seem to hurt it at all!

The energy attack can damage it, but the damage is limited, and it can only consume some of its momentum.

According to Qin Feng's estimation, it is estimated that it will be destroyed by blasting it dozens of times with strong energy.

In this way, this fire essence is not easy to kill!

Boom~!

At this moment, the fire essence slaughtered and turned into a monstrous white flame, swallowing it towards Qin Feng.

The temperature around them instantly soared by a hundred times, the space was also baked and distorted, and the black rocks were baked to the point of fusion.

The white flame turned by the fire essence has a temperature of thousands of degrees, and it can burn everything, which is extremely terrifying.

Boom~!

At this critical moment, Qin Feng's whole body burst into a monstrous black flame.

Hellfire!

A complete explosion!

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

As soon as the elf touched the flames of hell, it screamed, then fled with a roar, and fled dozens of meters away in a blink of an eye.

When it turned into a human form again, its aura suddenly weakened a lot.

It turned out that it was actually afraid of the flames of hell.

Strictly speaking, it is afraid of the dark power in the flames of hell.

That dark power has a great typhoid against it.

damn it!

This hateful human has a lot of methods, and he has mastered the flame attack that contains the power of darkness.

That alone cannot defeat this human being.

Thinking of this, the fire spirit screamed in the sky!

roar~! roar~! roar~!

Gollum~! Gollum~! Gollum~!

Suddenly, the nearby magma river continued to bubble up.

One after another, white fireballs drilled out of the magma river.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the blink of an eye, those fireballs erupted one by one, turning into magma fire essence one after another.

In just a moment, more than 300 fire spirits were floating in a radius of several kilometers, looking at Qin Feng coldly.

Qin Feng immediately frowned.

A fire spirit is not easy to kill.

Now that more than 300 have suddenly appeared, how can we deal with this?

roar~!

It was at this moment that the previous fire spirit saw that all its companions came out, and it was so excited that it screamed in the sky.

The next second, it roared and rushed towards Qin Feng first.

The remaining 300 or so fire spirits also followed to slaughter them.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the army of fire spirits attacked, and wherever they went, fire waves shot into the sky, and the battle was astonishing.

Qin Feng smiled coldly.

These **** monsters!

Do you really think you can't deal with them?

Boom~!

Now, he waved his hand!

Suddenly, within a radius of ten miles, the situation changed, and the sky and the earth changed color.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The next second, dark clouds covered the sky, and the cold wind whistled.

Countless ice arrows and snow blades fell from the sky and shot towards those fire essences

The ice storm was launched at this moment!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Countless ice arrows and snow blades hit one fire essence after another.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The fire spirits exploded on the spot, turned into sparks in the sky, drifted away with the wind, and died no longer.

Ha ha!

Sure enough!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

It turned out that these fire spirits were not afraid of physical attacks, but were afraid of legal attacks.

His ice storm is a legal attack!

Just restrained the fire essence!

Suddenly, the Huojing army suffered heavy losses.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The fire spirits screamed incessantly, fled in all directions, and suddenly collapsed.

Qin Feng will naturally not let them go, and push the ice storm with all his strength!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the fire essence exploded and died, turning into little sparks dissipating...

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[The 16th-level magma fire essence was successfully killed, and the 'elf's certificate' was released. 】

 …

At this moment, Qin Feng's energy value soared to 3.7.

Another feast for harvesting energy!

This made him dark.

What surprised him even more was that for every 20 or 30 magma elves killed, a 'elves' certificate' would explode.

I don't know what the 'elf's certificate' is.

From a distance, the 'elf's certificate' looks like a card, not a strange object.

Qin Feng was curious, but he had no time to check during the battle.

In this way, it lasted for a full quarter of an hour before the ice storm was able to stop.

More than 300 fire spirits were also beheaded to death.

At this moment, the ten-mile radius was covered with thick snow and ice, and the temperature of the air was greatly reduced, as if it had become a snow-capped mountain.

The blood-red magma river shuttled between the snow-capped mountains in this way, forming a peculiar scenery.

Qin Feng looked happy.

Killing more than 300 fire spirits gave him 300,000 energy points, and his level progress was greatly improved.

In addition, there are about thirteen 'elf certificates' that have been exposed visually.

By the way, what are these 'elves' credentials'?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly stepped forward, picked up the nearest certificate, and checked it out......

Chapter 114 The King of Fire

After picking up the 'elf's certificate', Qin Feng couldn't wait to check its information.

[The certificate of the elf: a second-order item, a certificate card recognized by the heaven. Use a card to gain 1 reputation. 】

[Reminder: The upper limit of the number of personal use of this card is 10, more than which is invalid. 】

interesting!

Qin Feng smiled at the corner of his mouth.

Prestige is definitely a good thing!

But it's not easy to imagine!