Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930: The Ultimate Chance! Great rewards!

At the same time, in the land of the gods.

Qin Feng's resource sweep has also come to an end

And outside the Holy Land, something is also happening.

At this time, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The 100,000 Longyuan disciples all looked at the sky anxiously.

In half an hour, the Holy Land will close.

They are all waiting for Qin Feng to come out!

At the same time, thousands of miles away in the air.

The millions of guardian force leaders are discussing

There were occasional mutterings from the crowd

"Everyone, in half an hour, Qin Feng is going to leave the Holy Land! You say, what kind of strength will that guy come out this time?"

"I want the old man to see! It's good that he can reach 300 million combat power!"

"Only 300 million?! Facing Lord Yeshen with such strength, he is simply vulnerable!"

"Of course! If Qin Feng has a chance to win, why wouldn't I follow him?"

"That's right! I also think that Qin Feng doesn't even have a 10% chance of winning this time, so he chooses to wait and see!"

"Yeah! Laoshen also thinks Qin Feng is dead this time! Fellow Daoist Li also thinks that he has 300 million combat power! But Laoshen thinks that he may not even reach 300 million, so it would be good to have 200 million combat strength!"

"Hey! It doesn't matter if he is 300 million or 200 million! In short, he is dead and alive this time!"

Many people shook their heads secretly, all of which expressed their dislike of Qin Feng.

Some people even show schadenfreude

It's just that these people underestimate the strength of Liu Xuan, Qishan and others.

Today, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Granny Feng Qi have all reached 50,000-star combat power.

Even though they were thousands of miles apart, Liu Xuan and others could hear the muttering of these people.

At this time, in the sky above the floating city, in front of everyone in Long Yuan.

Liu Xuan looked at the audience with a gloomy expression, and his expression was very unhappy.

Qishan, Lei Jue, and Granny Feng Qi on the side also frowned slightly.

"Several, those guys are really outrageous! They actually said that when the boss came out this time, it would be good to have a combat power of 200 million! How dare you underestimate our boss!"

Liu Xuan said angrily.

Lei Jue was also annoyed: "Humph! These guys are just ignorant! They don't even know how powerful the boss is!"

Elder Qishan also said, "In half an hour, the master will come out! At that time, it will open their eyes!" 880

Granny Feng Qi was a little worried: "What I am worried about now is whether the master can break through the 500 million combat power? If he does, then our Longyuan City can still be saved! If not!"

Speaking of which, Granny Feng Qi had a worried look on her face.

Liu Xuan took a deep breath: "500 million combat power! It's really difficult! However, I believe the boss can do it! Let's continue to wait! It's only half an hour"

Halfway through speaking, Liu Xuan felt something inexplicably, and looked up beyond the starry sky barrier.

At this very moment, in the depths of the starry sky beyond the barrier.

Three figures are escaping from a distance!

The old man at the head is Venerable Puyin!

Jesus, Mary followed

"Senior! We are here! It's the blue planet ahead!"

At this moment, Yeshen pointed at the blue star realm in the distance with an excited look on his face.

At their speed, they can arrive in three minutes at most!

Venerable Puyin also breathed a sigh of relief: "It's good to arrive! Let's go! After a while, I will go to the Blue Star Realm, you will shock those ants, and the deity will set up a barrier to seal the surrounding starry sky!"

"Senior, don't worry! With the two of us coming forward, none of those ants can escape from the Blue Star Realm!"

Ye Shen said confidently.

"So good!"

Venerable Puyin smiled and nodded.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he took out a communication jade talisman and watched it.

After reading it, a smile appeared on his face.

Ye Shen hesitated for a while, and then asked cautiously, "Senior Puyin, I don't know what's going on?"

"It's okay to tell you! I received the news from my senior brother, and he and the master of the light domain are speeding up! At most three hours, they will be able to arrive here!"

Pu Yin calmly put away the communication jade talisman.

Yeshen was greatly surprised: "It's only three hours?! That's great! My domain master and the predecessors are both half-step eternal peak powers! If they arrive, even if Qin Feng has 1.5 trillion combat power, they will There is no escape from death!"

Half-step eternal peak power, the weakest combat power is also 3 trillion stars!

As soon as those words fell, Maria covered her mouth and smiled and said, "Yeah, you are too high on that kid! Before, senior didn't analyze it, that kid's combat power won't exceed 1.5 billion stars, how is it possible? 1.5 trillion?!"

Ye Shen smiled: "I'm just making an analogy!"

But Venerable Puyin said: "That said, but I can't take it lightly! Let me tell you one more news! I took my brother and said that the situation might change this time! These tens of billions of miles of starry sky!"

"Seal tens of billions of miles of starry sky?!", Ye Shen was surprised!

This is too big!

Immediately, he was puzzled: "Senior, I will wait for Qin Feng's child to ambush and kill him and wait in the sky above the Blue Star Realm. Why do we have to seal the tens of billions of miles of starry sky? Is it possible that the boy can escape under our ambush. Can't the Blue Star Realm?"

Pu Yin took a deep breath: "I don't think so either! But this is according to the instructions of Senior Brother Yin, and it is also explained by Lord Jitian. It is estimated that Qin Feng's child has obtained some magic weapon to escape in the Holy Land, and the old man has no choice but to Get ready!"

Hearing these words, Ye Shen didn't care.

He thought Venerable Puyin was superfluous!

To deal with a boy with a combat power of less than 1.5 billion stars, it is necessary to seal tens of billions of miles of space, as if dealing with a half-step eternal power.

However, he feared Venerable Puyin in his heart and did not dare to say much.

"Go! You two go to the Blue Star Realm first, and control all the creatures on that planet! This old man will set up a barrier in this starry sky first!"

At this time, Venerable Puyin gave another order!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Yes! Senior!"

At the moment, Ye Shen and the two did not dare to say more, and flew straight towards the Blue Star Realm.

When Pu Yin saw the two leave, he also began to arrange the starry sky seal.

In fact, he also felt that the explanation of the big sacrifice to heaven seemed to be superfluous.

But he did not dare not to obey the orders of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven!

He didn't think that Qin Feng could escape from the Blue Star Realm with his help.

From the beginning to the end, Venerable Puyin did not take Qin Feng to heart.

With his basic combat strength of 2 trillion, how could he worry about an ant with a combat strength of over 100 billion!

Jesus, so did Mary!

And the guardian forces in the Blue Star Realm are even less optimistic about Qin Feng.

They don't know that Qin Feng's current combat power is far beyond their imagination

At this moment, in the Holy Land.

Deep in the land of the gods, somewhere in the starry sky!

Qin Feng is looking around with joy!

He has swept away all the resources of this divine relict!

He has harvested a lot of cherished resources, as well as 15 acquired avenues!

During this period of time, he obtained all kinds of Dao Crystals and refined them all.

This made him awaken successively the great avenues of xiong, tyrant, four elephants, five elements, supreme, and nothingness.

In this way, the number of avenues he masters has reached 196, and the innate avenues are 21!

The basic combat power has reached 864.7 billion stars in one fell swoop!

"864.7 billion combat power! With such combat power, I should be able to repel Venerable Puyin!"

At this time, Qin Feng smiled!

He is extremely satisfied with his progress!

correct!

He has already mastered the 'Tianji Dao', and he can first deduce the good and bad luck after the Holy Land!

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched the hexagrams and deduced them on the spot!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, his fingertips lit up with golden light, and a hexagram was born in his hands, and they turned into nothingness...

After a while, the Tianji calculation is complete!

Qin Feng was extremely shocked!

According to his reckoning, going out with his current combat power would be a life-and-death situation!

If his combat power exceeds one trillion stars, then there is only a 30% chance of survival!

A trillion!

Only a 30% chance of survival!

"How could this be?"

Qin Feng frowned, feeling puzzled!

At the same time, there was a burst of anxiety in his heart!

There is a high probability that there will be no mistakes!

Since Tian Ji revealed that he has to break through 1 trillion stars in combat power, then he has a 30% chance of survival.

Then he has to do everything possible to break through the combat power to 1 trillion first!

He has already used up all the resources and channels that might improve his strength. Where can there be other ways?

correct!

There is also a second round of chance rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he saw a glimmer of hope!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven came from the sky

[Holy Land Reminder: The chance of this round is over, and the players in the Divine Land will be sent back to the square, please choose and prepare! 】

【Countdown: 32】

it is finally over!

Qin Feng looked up at the terminal square

huh~!

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared in place

When he reappeared, he appeared in the center of the finish square, surrounded by the noise of the players!