Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! Another True God Realm has come!"

Qin Feng's appearance immediately shocked the surroundings.

Many players cast strange glances at him, and their expressions are a little weird.

Qin Feng ignored it!

He looked around and walked towards a corner

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Before Qin Feng reached the corner, there were excited voices from Xiao Luan'er, Yu Xuanji and others.

It turned out that the Long Yuan people had returned early!

Seeing this scene, the expressions of the players around were even more strange.

"Everyone, it seems that these True God Realm players are a group!"

"Yeah! I didn't expect that ten True God Realm passed the assessment this time!"

Someone in the crowd whispered in a sour tone!

These murmurs were naturally hidden from Qin Feng's ears!

He didn't even bother to pay attention to these ants!

Today, the God King is like an ant in his eyes!

Not to mention those players who are quasi-god kings and main gods.

"Dad! Daddy!"

Soon, Qin Feng came to the corner.

Zhu Rong and Gong Gong, the two little babies, rushed over with joy on their faces and hugged his thighs.

Qin Feng also fondly touched the heads of the two little guys and looked at them.

I saw that the two little guys had changed from one or two years old to three or four years old, and they seemed to have grown up a lot.

Looking at their combat power, all of them have reached 4.5 billion stars, which is not much worse than Dijiang and Jumang!

These two little guys are making great progress!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng is very pleased!

Afterwards, he looked at Ran Deng, Ming He, Feng Xi, Yu Xuanji and the others, all of them had a huge increase in strength!

Qin Feng looks more and more satisfied!

The stronger these confidant subordinates are, the more help he will be able to break through the next crisis!

"Master, the concubine has completed the inheritance of the Xuanwu inheritance!"

At this time, Yu Xuanji happily reported the progress.

Qin Feng looked at her and saw that her combat power had reached 7 billion stars, and her whole person had become as gentle as water, even more beautiful than before!

"very good!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile and couldn't help but praise.

"By the way, master! When the concubine merged with the inheritance of Xuanwu, she also awakened the 'Abyss Avenue' and the 'Lanzhi Avenue'. I don't know these two avenues, can you awaken?"

Yu Xuanji reported the truth again!

In order to allow her master to improve her strength, she was also worried.

Qin Feng was also quite surprised: "These two have not awakened yet!"

At this time, Ran Deng also respectfully reported: "Master, when this subordinate retreated and cultivated this time, he also repaired the second avenue of his previous life - Dinghai Dao! I wonder if the master has any insight?!"

Qin Feng was surprised again: "This avenue has not awakened!"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly urged: "Dad! Then you quickly start sharing insights and copy those three new avenues!"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "Wait a moment! Tiandao should give out rewards! By the way, this deity tells you some bad news!"

"I just used the 'Tianji Avenue' to deduce it! We may encounter great danger when we go out this time!"

"If my combat power can be increased by more than 100 million stars, there may still be some chances of survival! If it can't be improved, I'm afraid it will be a near death!"

Boom~!

As soon as Qin Feng said this, Xiao Luan'er and others were shocked!

One by one was completely dumbfounded!

Raise 100 million combat power!

This is too exaggerated!

Besides, they are going to leave the Holy Land soon, is it too late?

In fact, Qin Feng has already said it in a positive direction!

The actual situation is worse than what he said!

"Master! Is the situation so serious?"

Feng Xi couldn't help but ask.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "There is usually no mistake in deducing the secret! It must be very serious!"

"Then how should this be?"

Feng Xi couldn't help frowning.

Everyone frowned, showing anxiety.

"Right! Master, chance rewards will be issued soon! You got the rewards for the first and second place this time! Maybe, this wave of rewards will improve your combat power!"

Yu Xuanji reminded,

Qin Feng sighed: "At the moment, there are only this wave of reward opportunities left, which can help me improve my strength. As for how much I can improve, it depends on whether the rewards are rich or not?"

Everyone nodded slightly, feeling like this!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook, and the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded.

[Holy Land Reminder: Now start to distribute the pass rewards of this round of opportunities! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this tip came out, the audience was a sensation!

All the players looked up in surprise and looked to the sky!

Everyone in Long Yuan also raised their heads.

Even Qin Feng held his breath and looked nervously into the air.

The rewards are finally going to be distributed!

The richness of the reward this time has had too much influence on him, making him nervous!

Chapter 931 Clear the God Card! Five times in a row!

At this moment, all the players in the square pricked up their ears and listened carefully.

At this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he was quietly divided into two parts, turning into the polar yang body and the polar yin body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao continued~ A reminder came

[Holy Land Reminder: Rewards for this round of fortunes - the contents of the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 5-fold luck! 】

[Reward players with 20,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 1 billion stars! 】

[Reward the contestant with 1 Taiqing Daojing! (Contains avenue random)]

Boom~!

As soon as the announcement came out, the audience cheered!

Everyone was blushing with excitement!

This time the customs clearance rewards are too generous!

Just one clearance reward is even richer than the top ten in the previous round!

No wonder this chance is called the ultimate chance!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, white light flashed in the field!

More than 600 reward beams of light descended from the sky and landed on top of everyone's heads, illuminating the entire square!

Qin Feng's two main bodies each got a reward beam of light!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the combat power, prestige, and luck of the two main bodies were skyrocketing wildly!

After a long time, the reward beam fades away!

Qin Feng's two main bodies opened their eyes, and their faces were full of joy.

In this way, Qin Feng has increased his combat power by 2 billion, 40,000 reputation points, and doubled his luck, which is double the income of all players!

However, it's not over yet!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Another roar of heaven and earth!

Immediately afterwards, more than 600 beams of light descended from the sky and landed in front of each contestant!

Afterwards, more than 600 Taiqing Daojings of different colors slowly fell along the beam of light.

In just a moment, those Dao Jing fell in front of everyone!

The Dao crystal that falls in front of the polar body is a gray Dao crystal.

[Taiqing Daojing (Crack): contains the complete Dao of Crack (the day after tomorrow)]

The Dao crystal that falls in front of the very negative body is a whole yellow Dao crystal.

[Taiqing Daojing (gravity): contains the complete gravity avenue (the day after tomorrow)]

Qin Feng is delighted!

Got two new avenues!

"Master! The Avenue of Sound I got! This is for you!"

At this moment, Qi Yue walked over happily and handed over a white Taiqing Daojing.

"Dad! Mine is the avenue of dryness! I'll give you mine too!"

"Master! The concubine is also for you!"

"Master! And mine!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi, Ran Deng and others all sent over the Taiqing Daojing they had just obtained, even Zhu Rong and Gonggong were no exception!

Qin Feng wanted to refuse!

When he saw the Daojing sent by his subordinates, only Xiaoluan'er and Fengxi's Daojing could refine them by themselves.

And the Daojing of the nine people of Dijiang, because they did not master the corresponding talent laws, they could not refine it!

But for Qin Feng, there is no problem!

Immediately, he accepted the Daojing of Dijiang Jiuren!