Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Daojing in the hands of Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi, Qin Feng let them refine by themselves.

After all, he can share insights!

After Xiao Luan'er and the two have refined Daojing, he can copy the Dao by sharing!

In this way, Qin Feng took the Daojing of the nine people of Dijiang River and sent it to the center of the small universe, so that the mind body could be refined!

Right now, in order to improve his combat power as soon as possible, he needs to race against time!

At this moment, there were excited voices from all around the square!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Everyone! The old man got the avenue of fire! This is so suitable for the old man!"

"Haha! What you get here is the avenue of longevity, and it's just right for you!"

"Hey! I'm unlucky! What I got is the 'Voice Dao', and I actually need the talent of the six senses! I don't have it! I can't refine this Dao crystal!"

"Hey! The Dao of Domination I got can't be refined either!"

"Me too! The 'Road of Rong' I got can't be refined! Which friend is willing to replace it? What I need is the Avenue of Water! I want to exchange this 'Road of Rong' for the 'Road of Water' !"

"The old man also wants to change the road"

"This fairy's Daojing is also not suitable, who will replace it?"

At this moment, more than half of the players were shouting, wanting to exchange for a suitable Dao Jing!

This time, more than 600 Dao crystals have been dropped from Heaven, representing more than 600 Dao!

But not everyone gets the Dao Crystal that is suitable for them.

Some people get Dao Crystal, which can be refined!

Some people get Dao Crystal without the corresponding law talent, and they are not qualified for refining!

It all depends on luck!

After all, not everyone can master all elemental laws like Qin Feng, and can refine all Dao crystals!

Seeing the scene in front of him, Ji Yang's body moved.

Since some people can't refine Daojing, if they can't exchange for a suitable one, he can buy it with resources.

Anyway, he has a lot of resources in his hands, the spiritual liquid and fruit of the best god-level, inexhaustible!

And in the land of the gods, he also unearthed a lot of incomplete items of good fortune, and the value is higher than the treasures of the best gods!

Thinking of this, Jiyang Ontology thinks it is feasible!

It was at this moment that Yu Xuanji came over!

"Master, did you see that? More than half of the players present did not get the Dao Crystal that suits them!"

Yu Xuanji was close to Qin Feng's ear and whispered.

Jiyang body nodded slightly: "I see!"

Yu Xuanji said again: "Master, do we want to buy Dao Crystal from those people that they can't refine, just for your use?"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "I have this intention! For the Dao crystals that you bought, you should first pick out the ones that can be refined, and keep them for refining. Those Dao crystals that cannot be refined, leave them to me!"

Yu Xuanji was overjoyed: "My concubine understands!"

Di Jiang and others naturally heard the whispers of the two of them, and they all showed joy!

The owner wanted to buy Taiqing Daojing, but asked them to choose the available ones first.

This means that they also have a great opportunity!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was another roar in the sky above the square!

The originally noisy square was immediately quiet!

Everyone looked up at the sky

The voice of heaven also sounded

[Holy Land Reminder: Ranking rewards will be distributed now! 】

The ranking rewards are finally going to be distributed!

Generally speaking, the ranking reward is much richer than the clearance reward!

I don't know what the ranking reward will be this time.

Everyone is curious!

Immediately, everyone held their breath and listened carefully!

Especially those players who feel that they can make it into the top 100 are even more nervous at this moment!

This is in their vital interests!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[The contents of the 11th to 1st prizes are as follows]

[Reward players double their luck! 】

[Reward players with 50,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 2 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 2 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Boom~!

Here's a hint!

The whole place was a sensation!

"Wow! 2 billion star power! 2 Taiqing Daojing! The rewards for the 11th to the first place are too generous!"

"Yeah! And 50,000 reputation! 1x luck!"

"The richness of this reward is more than double the reward for passing the level!"

"Tsk tsk! This is so rich! I envy those players who can enter the top 100!"

"Yeah! I wonder if the old man has a chance to enter the top 100?"

"Brother is joking! You are a strong quasi-god king! There are less than thirty quasi-god kings in the audience! You can definitely make it into the top 100!"

"This fellow Daoist, you are also the Great Consummation of the Lord God, and you have more than 90% hope of entering the top 100!"

In the crowd, the two contestants touted each other!

There is no point ranking this time, everyone can only guess about their own ranking!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, ninety reward beams of light descended from the sky!

All the players have their eyes wide open!

They want to see, who are in the top 100?

Soon, beams of light fell on all corners of the square

Three beams of light fell on Long Yuan's side, covering Qingchengzi, Ran Deng, and Ming He respectively.

Suddenly, Qingchengzi's three people's popularity skyrocketed all the way!

·

But at this moment, some loud complaints sounded in the field!

"How is this possible? The old man didn't make the top 100!"

"Hey! I didn't even make it into the top 100!"

"Damn it! This deity is in the early days of the God King! How could this deity not be in the top ten?!"

"The same is true for the old man! When the boss arrived at the finish line, there were only four people in the square! It stands to reason that the old man should be fifth! But why did the old man not even enter the top ten?!"

At this moment, some people complained about not making the top 100, and some complaining about not making the top 10, which caused quite a commotion!

Especially those who complained that they didn't make it into the top ten, all of them were the great powers of the **** king in the early stage, and they were all confused at this time!

You must know that there are less than ten players above the initial stage of the God King!

They didn't even make the top ten!

This seems a little unreasonable!

"Hey! Everyone, look! There is a True God Realm over there who has entered the top 100!"

At this time, there was another exclamation in the field!

Everyone was shocked and looked at the sound!

Soon, hundreds of eyes turned to Longyuancheng, and finally fell on Qingchengzi!

At this moment, Qingchengzi is being shrouded in the beam of reward, and the aura of the True God on his body is not concealed in the slightest!

Seeing this scene, the mood of the players is very complicated!

I think among them, many of them are the peak of the main gods, and even the quasi-god kings have not been able to enter the top 100!

This guy in the real **** realm actually entered!

Think about it, they all feel sour in their hearts, very unpleasant!

But they are very envious of Qingchengzi, who can get such a generous reward!

Soon, the combat power reward is over!

Qing Chengzi, Ran Deng, and Ming He slowly opened their eyes, all with happy expressions on their faces.

This time, they have skyrocketed by 2 billion combat power, and their strength has soared!

Today, even Qingchengzi's combat power is approaching 6 billion stars!

It made him so excited!

Qin Feng was also very happy to see it!

The more the strength of these confidants improves, the more combat power they will give him back!

That would be of great help for him to break through the next crisis!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this time, the sky vibrated again, and ninety beams of light descended, falling in front of Qingchengzi and the others.

There are two Taiqing Dao Crystals in each beam of light!

Soon, Dao Jing fell!

Those players who received the reward all happily caught Dao Jing!

The players around are envious!

On Long Yuan's side, Qingchengzi and the three also got Daojing!

"Master, there is a Dao crystal in the lamp that cannot be refined!"

At this time, Ran Deng respectfully took out a Dao Crystal and handed it to the Jiyang body.

"Master, there is also one that cannot be refined!"

Styx also respectfully handed over one.

"Master! There is no way to refine these two subordinates!"

Qingchengzi also handed over two with a smile.

Ji Yang's body was delighted to accept it, and now he is expected to get four avenues!

In fact, there are more than four!

The avenues that Ran Deng and Ming River can be refined, and after they are refined, Qin Feng can also copy them from them

Boom~Long~Long~!