Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the voice of Tiandao sounded again

[The top ten ranking rewards will now be distributed]

As soon as the prompt came out, the audience fell silent again.

The top ten prizes are going to be given out!

Being in the top ten is the real winner!

Everyone is very curious, how rich are the rewards for the top ten?

Of course, they are more curious, who are those who made the top ten?

At this time, the voice of Tiandao continued to come.

[Congratulations to the contestant "Gonggong" for winning the 10th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players double their luck! 】

[Reward players with 80,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 3 billion stars! 】

[Reward player Taiqing Daojing 3 pieces! (Contains avenue random)]

As soon as this prompt came out, a golden beam of light descended from the sky and fell to a corner of the square!

Everyone followed the light and saw that the beam of light was shrouded in a little doll in the real **** realm!

There was an uproar in the audience!

In particular, the great powers of the early **** kings were even more dumbfounded!

They were actually compared by a little tender baby in the realm of true gods.

Chapter 932 Shock the Blue Star! Retreat to wake up!

"Wow! 3 billion combat power!"

"There are also 3 Taiqing Daojing!"

The exclamations of Di Jiang and Jumang also sounded beside Ji Yang's body!

The two little guys are so happy!

Gonggong can get such generous rewards, which means that the rewards they get will be even more generous!

Everyone in Long Yuan also showed joy!

Jiyang body is also pleasantly surprised!

Only the tenth place will be rewarded with 3 billion combat power!

This makes him very satisfied!

This will greatly benefit him in breaking the crisis!

In this way, Gonggong won the tenth prize in the envious eyes of all the contestants!

As a result, Gonggong's combat power has soared to 8.5 billion stars in one fell swoop, fully reaching the level of a quasi-god-king, not far from the threshold of a god-king.

Qin Feng was relieved to see it!

It was at this moment that Gong Gong took the three Taiqing Dao Crystals he had just obtained, and in the eyes of the public, he happily came to the body of Jiyang...

"Dad! Dad! I can't refine these three Dao Crystals! All for you!"

The little guy's milky voice is particularly loud in the square!

All the players heard it!

Ji Yang's body touched Gonggong's little head, and smiled and accepted three Taiqing Daojing!

Seeing this scene, everyone was very envious.

Those are three Taiqing Daojing!

It's hard for them to get one!

This guy is so lucky!

What a wonderful son!

At this moment, everyone looked at Jiyang body curiously.

When they found out that Ji Yang's body was also in the real state, they were even more envious.

This guy's realm is not high, but he has a powerful son!

The people are saddened!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just then, the sky roared again

Everyone immediately pricked up their ears and listened carefully

They know that the information of the ninth place is coming out!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Zhu Rong' for winning the 9th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward the player's luck by 3 times! 】

[Reward players with 90,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 4 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 4 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

As soon as the reminder came out, a golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Zhu Rong, who was beside Gong Gong...

There was an uproar again!

The ninth place is another three-year-old little baby, about the same size as the tenth place, and is also in the real **** realm!

The players are in a complicated mood!

Having said that, the reward for the ninth place is really generous!

It actually awarded 4 billion combat power and 4 Dao Crystals!

In this way, Zhu Rong accepted the reward in the envious eyes of everyone.

His combat power has also skyrocketed to 9.5 billion stars, which is just one line away from the threshold of the God King!

Everyone was so jealous!

Immediately afterwards, Zhu Rong held four Taiqing Daojing in his small hands and handed them to the Jiyang body!

"Dad! Dad! I can't refine these four Dao Crystals! I'll give them all to you!"

The little guy's milky voice spread throughout the audience again!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

One by one, they looked at the main body of Jiyang in shock!

The little red-haired guy is actually this man's son!

This guy is lucky too!

There are two such wonderful sons!

At this time, Ji Yang smiled and put away the four Taiqing Dao Crystals with relief.

So far, Qin Feng has harvested 22 Taiqing Daojing!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qiyue' for winning the 8th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 6 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 100,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 5 billion stars! 】

[Reward the contestant with 5 Taiqing Daojing! (Contains avenue random)! 】

hum~~!

The reward beam falls on Qiyue!

Another true **** realm player, entered the top ten!

All the players have no taste in their hearts!

The only thing that makes them happy is that this time it is not a child, but a beautiful girl!

The guy who relied on his son to gain benefits should not be able to take advantage of it this time!

Thinking of this, many people aim at Jiyang body intentionally or unintentionally!

Just when everyone was thinking about it, Qi Yue finished accepting the reward!

In the next second, she held five Dao Crystals and walked to Jiyang body with a look of joy!

"Master! These 5 Dao Crystals cannot be refined by Yue'er, please accept them!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the hearts of the players were shocked!

isn't it? !

This beautiful girl is actually that guy's subordinate!

This time, everyone was completely dumbfounded!

The eyes that look at Jiyang's body one by one have become extremely complicated!

Even if this person has two excellent sons, there is still such an excellent subordinate!

It's so enviable and jealous!

At this time, Jiyang's body also looked at Qiyue with a look of relief!

With this reward, Qiyue's combat power has reached 12 billion stars, a proper initial strength of the God King!

This chance reward is really powerful!

At the moment, in the eyes of everyone's envy, he accepted the five Dao Crystals from Qi Yue!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky shook again!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Jade Xuanji' for winning the 7th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 7 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 110,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 6 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 6 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Om~!

This time, the reward beam of light fell on the jade mysterious body next to Qiyue...

Soon, Yu Xuanji also accepted the reward, and its combat power skyrocketed to 14 billion stars!

The players are very envious!

But in the next second, Yu Xuanji also held 6 Dao Crystals and walked in front of Ji Yang's body...

"Master! The six Dao crystals in the concubine body can't be refined! Please accept it!"

Boom~!

This time, the whole place is in a mess!

This is too exaggerated!