Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The seventh place is actually his subordinate!

At this moment, the eyes of everyone looking at Ji Yang's body are becoming more and more complicated, and they can no longer be described as envy and jealousy!

A person has two excellent sons and two excellent subordinates, I am afraid it is not easy!

Ji Yang's body ignored those eyes!

With a slight smile, he put away the six Taiqing Daojing!

So far, he has harvested 33 Dao Crystals! …

Boom~Long~Long~!

[Congratulations to the contestant "Xiao Luan'er" for winning the 6th place, the reward content is as follows]

[Reward players with 8 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 120,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 7 billion stars! 】

[Reward the contestant with 7 Taiqing Daojing! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Heaven's Path's Rewards Continue...

Om~!

Soon, the reward beam fell on Xiao Luan'er...

After the little girl accepted the reward, her combat power skyrocketed to 14.5 billion stars!

The players are drooling with envy!

But she didn't want to, Xiao Luan'er turned around and held seven Dao Crystals, and handed them to Ji Yang's body...

"Dad! I can refine that red Dao Crystal, and you can take the other six!"

Boom~!

Everyone was completely speechless!

This beautiful little girl is actually that person's daughter!

What is the origin of that person?

Why does he have so many excellent subordinates and children?

The players looked at Jiyang's body and couldn't help but admire it!

A person can have three outstanding children and two outstanding subordinates, it is definitely not by luck!

This man is by no means simple!

Thinking of this, everyone began to be in awe of Jiyang's body...

At the same time, Jiyang body also received 6 Taiqing Daojing from Xiaoluan'er...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Reward distribution continues!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Jumang' for winning the 5th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 9 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 130,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 8 billion stars! 】

[Reward the contestant with 8 Taiqing Daojing! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Soon, Jumang accepted the reward in the eyes of everyone's incomparable admiration!

His combat power reached 15 billion stars in one fell swoop!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

This generous reward made all the players jealous!

But in the next second, Jumang came to Jiyang body with 8 Dao crystals in his arms...

"Dad! I can refine the two black and purple ones! The other six Dao Crystals, please accept them!"

As soon as the voice fell, the audience became dead silent!

All the players have their mouths open!

At this moment, they can no longer describe their feelings!

At the same time, Ji Yang accepted Dao Jing with a smile!

So far, he has harvested 45 Dao Crystals!

But all this is not over, the rewards of Heavenly Dao continue....

Boom~Long~Long~!

[Congratulations to the player "Dijiang" for winning the 4th place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 10,000 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 140,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 9 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 9 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Soon, Di Jiang also received the reward!

His combat power has soared to 16.5 billion stars!

When Ji Yang body got 7 Dao Crystals from Di Jiang!

The whole place became very quiet!

It was as if the air had frozen!

Soon, the third prize was also announced...

[Congratulations to the player 'Feng Xi' for winning the 3rd place, the rewards are as follows]

[Reward players with 11,000 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 150,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 100 million stars! 】

[Reward the contestant Taiqing Daojing 10 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Soon, rewards will be distributed!

After a while, Feng Xi got the reward, and her combat power soared to 14.5 billion stars!

Everyone was amazed and envious!

In the next second, Feng Xi walked over to Ji Yang and took out eight Dao Crystals from the ten harvested, respectfully handing them over to Ji Yang's body.

"Master, these eight Dao crystals cannot be refined by the concubine, and I hope you will accept them!"

"very good!"

Ji Yang's body is also relieved.

So far, he has harvested 60 Taiqing Dao Crystals!

When Ji Yang's body looked up again, he found that the eyes of all the players looking at him were full of awe!

At this moment, no one dared to underestimate him, even those early **** kings were no exception!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook again!

Jiyang body quickly looked up at the sky...

The second prize is about to be distributed!

It's finally his turn!

This time, whether he can break through the 1 trillion star combat power depends on the rewards for the second and first place!

This thought only came up, and the voice of Heavenly Dao also sounded...

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng (Extreme Yin Body)' for winning the second place, the reward content is as follows]

[Reward players with 12,000 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 160,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 11 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 11 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience was in an uproar!

"Qin Feng?! The Lord Qin Feng who defeated Emperor Jin, Emperor Zi, Chenghuang, and Emperor Xun in a row!"

"Yes! It's him!"

"Oh my god! Such a strong person can also pass the customs!"

"Chenghuang and Di Xun are the peak powers of the God King! If Lord Qin Feng can defeat them, I am afraid that the existence of the God King is complete!"

"That's for sure! He has two main bodies, and one of them defeated the peak of the God King! The combination of the two main bodies is definitely the existence of the God King's great perfection!"

"Yes! Where is Lord Qin Feng?"

"Don't worry! We'll find out soon!"

At this moment, the audience is completely fried!

Qin Feng's name has long been heard like thunder!

It's just that the players don't know him!

At this moment, as soon as Tiandao's reminder came out, all the players were excited!

Because they will soon know who is that Qin Feng?

In this world where strength is respected, only the strong can be respected, and only the strong can be sought after!

hum~~!

At this moment, with the sound of heaven and earth, a purple-golden beam of light descended from the sky and fell towards a corner of the square.

Everyone held their breath and opened their eyes wide to see

In the next second, that beam of light fell on the body of the extreme yin!

Suddenly, the combat power, luck, and prestige of the extreme yin body began to soar wildly all the way.

Everyone finally recognized who Qin Feng was!

"It's him!"

"My God! It's him!"

At this moment, everyone looked at Ji Yang's body in shock, with unbelievable expressions in their eyes!

By now, they naturally know that the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body are the same person.

This makes them even more shocked!

What shocked them even more was that Lord Qin Feng was only in the realm of God!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they couldn't believe it at all!

This also made them more in awe of Qin Feng!

With such a low realm, there is such a terrifying strength, to what extent does his talent have to be a monster?

I'm afraid that since the birth of the universe, the best geniuses that have appeared are less than one-tenth of Qin Feng's!

Thinking of this, the players looked at Qin Feng with incomparable awe.

Ji Yang felt something in his heart and couldn't help but look at everyone

When the players saw him, they avoided his gaze and did not dare to look at him!