Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Even those **** kings are no exception, under the eyes of Ji Yang's body, they become trembling

Soon, the very yin body received the reward!

Tiandao also began to announce the reward for the first place

[Congratulations to the player 'Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology)' for winning the first place, the reward content is as follows]

[4.7 rewards players with 13,000 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 170,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 12 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 12 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

As soon as the prompt came out, some people began to sigh!

"Tsk tsk!! The reward for the first place is really terrifying! The combat power alone has reached 12 billion stars!"

"Yeah! Lord Qin Feng's two main bodies, one has obtained 11 billion star combat power, and the other has obtained 12 billion combat power!"

"That is to say, just in terms of combat power, Lord Qin Feng got 23 billion stars!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was envious!

In their opinion, such a generous reward is really terrifying!

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

I saw Ji Yang's body suddenly waved his hand, and white light flashed in front of him!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just a split second, a hundred divine cards appeared in front of him, all of them shining brightly!

This scene made everyone stunned!

Before everyone could think about it, Ji Yang's body snapped a finger!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

In just a split second, all the hundred divine cards collapsed, turning into golden light that scattered everywhere.

At the same moment, the voice of Tiandao also echoed

[Reward Reminder: Player 'Qin Feng (Jiyang Ontology)' used 1 Clearance God Card, so his reward is increased by 5%]

[Clearance God Card: Use 1 Clearance God Card to increase the chance reward of this round by 5%]

[The reward content of player Qin Feng (Jiyang body) has been changed as follows]

[Reward players with 78,000 times their luck! 】

[Reward players with 1.02 million reputation points! 】

[Reward players with 72 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 72 pieces! (Contains avenue random)! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the air instantly solidified, and the audience was completely petrified!

Even everyone in Long Yuan was stunned!

Chapter 933 Unexpected surprise! More messengers!

72 billion star combat power!

There are also 72 Taiqing Daojing!

After everyone in Long Yuan was shocked, they showed ecstasy!

Xiao Luan'er, Di Jiang, and Jumang almost cheered!

They were worried before that Qin Feng could not achieve the goal of 100 million combat power improvement!

Now, they see hope!

hum~~!

At this moment, a purple beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the body of Jiyang.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the combat power, prestige, and luck of Jiyang's body are skyrocketing wildly!

After a long time, those rewards are over!

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

At this moment, the second reward beam fell!

Seventy-two Taiqing Daojings of different colors slowly fell in front of him along the beam of light.

Jiyang body happily put away Daojing!

So far, he has harvested a total of 143 Taiqing Daojing!

Then, the two main bodies merged into one under the eyes of everyone!

Qin Feng appeared here!

When the players saw this scene, their throats felt a little dry.

Although they knew that the two main bodies were the same person, they were still shocked when they saw the two main bodies merge.

The strength of this Lord Qin Feng is far beyond their imagination!

Not to mention anything else, just this ranking reward alone, Master Qin Feng has won a total of 83 billion stars!

Thinking of this, the eyes of everyone looking at Qin Feng are even more fearful!

Qin Feng naturally ignores these people.

After he got fit, he opened the panel to check his latest status.

[Level]: Level 96 (True God Realm)

[Tibet]: Level 95 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme)

[Luck]: 169,000 times (Lord of Ultimate Destiny)

[Reputation]: 1.99 million points (Ultimate Evangelist)

[Basic combat power]: 949.7 billion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 21

[Total number of avenues]: 196

good! The combat power has reached 1.9 to 949.7 billion stars!

After reading the data, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Although this is far from the goal of 1 trillion stars, he is still about 500 million stars away.

But he still has a lot of Taiqing Daojing that has not been refined!

As long as there is enough time, he definitely has the hope of breaking 1 trillion stars!

In other words, after he goes out, there is about 30% of the vitality!

If he wanted to gain more vitality, he would have to increase his combat power.

Having said that, his reputation has exceeded a million points!

Then he wants to be promoted to 'Heaven Replacer', only the last condition is missing, that is, the combat power exceeds 1 trillion stars!

For the gods!

That is the starting point of becoming a new heaven!

It seems that the combat power of breaking 1 trillion is of great significance to him!

"Dad, are you almost reaching your goal!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er asked with concern.

"It's a little bit worse!"

Qin Feng silently closed the panel

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again 1

[Holy Land Reminder: After 15 minutes, the Holy Land will be closed, players please be prepared! 】

When this prompt came out, everyone was in an uproar!

"There are only 15 minutes left! Hurry up! Everyone, hurry up and exchange Dao Jing!"

"Everyone, who has the avenue of earth? The old man is willing to exchange it for the avenue of wood!"

"I'm going to change the Avenue of Thunder! Who has it? Mine is the Avenue of Night!"

"Everyone, the little girl has to change the Tao Jing..."

At this moment, those players who didn't get the right Dao Jing felt anxious!

They were shouting one by one, to replace the Dao Jing!

Qin Feng is also nervous!

15 minutes is too fast!

He was afraid that it would be too late to refine so many crystals!

"Master! Time is a little tight!"

"Yeah! We have to hurry up and buy Daojing!"

At this time, Feng Xi, Yu Xuanji and others all looked at Qin Feng.

They are also anxious about it!

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, more than thirty Taiqing Daojing flew to Feng Xi.

"These more than 30 Dao Crystals are all the avenues that I have awakened, and you can't refine them. You can exchange them for the avenues that we can refine! And this"

Qin Feng threw another storage ring.

"This storage ring contains a lot of top-quality god-level materials, as well as some incomplete fortune-level materials, as well as Renshui Peach. You can use it to buy Daojing!"

"No matter what type of Daojing it is, as long as someone sells it, we will buy it! If we can't use it, we can keep it for Liu Xuan and the others!"

Feng Xi hurriedly said, "My concubine understands!"

"Dad! I'll help Sister Feng Xi!"

Xiao Luan'er took the initiative to ask Ying.

She was worried that Feng Xi would be too busy alone.

After all, time is so short!

"Okay! I'll leave this to the two of you! The others will go to retreat with me!"

"Yes!"

Everyone complied.

Everyone knows that the master urgently needs to improve his combat power.

That is too important for the master to solve the next crisis.

Therefore, they have to hurry up and refine the newly acquired Dao so as to help the master improve his strength!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the moment, white light flashes in the field!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng and his party disappeared in the square, leaving only Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er.

Afterwards, the two women did not dare to waste time, and took the Daojing and resources given by Qin Feng, and began to buy and trade Daojing