Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, Qin Feng and others had returned to the center of the small universe.

Di Jiang, Jumang, Zhu Rong and others retreated one after another.

Qin Feng also handed over a hundred new Dao crystals to the mind body for refining.

After doing this, he summoned Yu Xuanji and Burning Lamp.

At this moment, in a secret room.

Qin Feng looked at Yu Xuanji and the lantern in front of him.

"Master! Let's start!"

Yu Xuanji urged anxiously.

She was worried about delaying the master's business

"it is good!"

Qin Feng directly broke the blood of his fingers, drew a golden rune in the air, and pressed it against Yu Xuanji's eyebrows.

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! You are sharing your insights with your subordinate Yu Xuanji]

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Abyss Avenue' from Yu Xuanji, and you began to awaken the 'Abyss Avenue']

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng gained a lot of Dao rhyme insights from Yu Xuanji!

It turned out that he summoned Yu Xuanji and Burning Lamp to gain a new way

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to obtain the three avenues of the abyss, Dinghai, and Lan from the two of them!

So far, the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 199!

There is only one last step away from the upgrade of the Jade Plate of Fortune!

After Yu Xuanji and Ran Deng left, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

"Finally it's all done!"

Qin Feng sighed and flipped his palm!

There is a Taiqing Daojing in the palm!

In order to speed up the acquisition of the Dao, he has to personally refine the Dao Crystal.

The speed at which he refines the Dao Crystal is 30% faster than that of the Mind Body.

"Hey! This is"

As soon as Daojing got his hands, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he suddenly raised his head and looked in a certain direction!

That is the direction of the Blue Star Realm

At this time, outside the Holy Land, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, in the Blue Star Realm.

The 100,000 Longyuan disciples, as well as millions of spectators, all looked up at the starry sky in horror.

I saw that above the starry sky, there were two arrogant figures, standing in the air!

Just now, these two figures flicked through the planetary barrier with one finger, stepped into the Blue Star Realm with ease, and released their aura!

A more than 700 million stars!

A more than 600 million stars!

At that moment, the momentum of the two shrouded the entire planet, causing hundreds of millions of creatures to tremble!

All the living beings thought it was the coming of the gods, all of them were so frightened that they looked up at the sky, and they didn't even dare to breathe!

Birds, beasts, fish and insects were too scared to chirp!

Even the wind stopped in fright!

At this moment, the entire Blue Star Realm was shrouded in terror!

The people from Longyuan who are closest to the two of them, as well as the leaders of the millions of guardian forces, felt the most real!

At this moment, they all looked at the person in horror and guessed the identity of the person!

It is **** and Mary who are coming!

They arrived outside the planetary barrier as early as three minutes ago!

Afterwards, the two swept the entire planet with their spiritual thoughts, only to find that there was not even a single true **** on this planet!

It can be seen that this is a planet that does not enter the stream!

This made Ye Shen two people contempt in their hearts!

It seems that there is only one Qin Feng on this planet, and the rest are not worth mentioning!

Now, the two of them show up!

Their appearance made the entire Blue Star Realm panic!

At this moment, the sky above the floating city.

The disciples of Long Yuan began to discuss in fear!

"Everyone, who are those two?"

"I don't know! It can't be God, right?"

"Didn't God come alone? It's two! They're all gods and kings!"

These words just fell, and above the starry sky, an incomparably cold and arrogant voice sounded, and instantly spread throughout the entire planet!

"My deity, God! Come and kill Qin Feng Xiaoer today! From now on, don't let anyone else step out of this planet! Violators! Kill without mercy!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, everyone in Long Yuan was stunned, their eyes staring at the boss!

Gosh!

Yay God arrived early!

He also brought a god-king peak power to kill Qin Feng's boss!

Done! Done!

The situation is very unfavorable for Long Yuan!

At this moment, Long Yuan's heart sank, and his face became extremely ugly!

At the same moment, the leaders of the millions of guardian forces were also dumbfounded!

Soon, they were in a commotion!

"Oh my god! God is here!"

"Yeah! He also brought a god-king peak power with a combat power of more than 600 million!"

"It's dead! Qin Feng is dead!"

"Yeah! A God of God will give Qin Feng no chance to turn over, not to mention that there is an additional peak of God King!"

"Hey! I thought Qin Feng still had a 1% chance of escaping! Now it seems that he is dead and alive!"

"Haha! He was bound to die! The old man was not optimistic about him from the beginning, so he chose to wait and see! Now it seems that the old man's choice was right!"

"That's right! Fortunately, we didn't choose to stand with Qin Feng!"

"It's good that Qin Feng is dead! Lest he cause trouble everywhere and bring disaster to our Blue Star Realm!"

At this moment, the leaders of the forces were talking a lot, and no one was optimistic about Qin Feng!

Some even cursed Qin Feng to die!

Those voices of discussion could not escape the eyes and ears of **** and Mary.

They were surprised when they first heard those discussions.

After that, **** looked at Mary with a proud look on his face.

"Maria, do you see it? The millions of people below are not Qin Feng's subordinates! They also curse Qin Feng to be dead! This is so interesting!"

Maria also took a deep breath: "Yeah! It stands to reason that with Qin Feng's strength, it should have been time to unify this planet. How can there still be so many detached Dede 893 forces?"

Ye Shen smiled coldly: "It seems that senior Puyin looked at that Qin Feng kid! How can that guy be so powerful if he can't even unify a planet?"

Maria also nodded slightly: "I think it's too high!"

At this moment, the two whispered in the air.

God is more and more proud of it!

They don't know that it's not that Qin Feng has no ability to unify the planet, but that Qin Feng is too busy to deal with those trivial matters!

They didn't realize that, just when they whispered, something was happening in Longyuan City's lair.

The old nest of Longyuan City, that is, the floating city.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At this moment, in the floating city, deep in the discussion hall.

In a secret training room!

Four stalwart figures, one by one from the meditation, slowly opened their eyes!

When they opened their eyes, the disillusionment of the stars and the shocking phenomenon of the birth of the universe appeared in their eyes!

The momentum that the four of them exudes is looming, and all of them have reached more than 700 million stars!

They are Qin Feng's Mirage Clone, Moon Spirit Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone!

The arrival of the two gods woke them up!

At this moment, the phantom avatar slowly raised its head, and its eyes penetrated countless enchantments and spaces!

He saw everything outside, saw the two of them, and even heard their whispers!

But Ye Shen and the two did not sense his existence!

The corners of the Mirage clone's mouth curled slightly, revealing a sneer!

With only 700 million battle power, he can kill with just one finger!

However, he did not act immediately, but looked away, looking at the starry sky behind Ye Shen.

He vaguely felt that there was an extremely terrifying existence hidden in the depths of the starry sky!

The starry sky outside the planetary barrier is also undergoing some strange changes, it seems that it is being sealed!

It seems that the real enemy is hidden in the depths of the starry sky!

I don't know how strong the people are?

If the person who comes is a half-step eternal power, even if the four avatars join forces, I am afraid that they are not their opponents!

After all, they are only clones, they can neither use the golden body of the law, nor the **** of seven killings!

At this thought, Mirage suddenly felt a little worried in her mind and body!

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he seemed to sense something. He quickly opened the city master panel and entered the trading channel.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

After a while, white light flashed in front of him, and three spirit flags appeared, all of them blooming with amazing aura!

That is the plain-colored cloud world flag, the Zhenwu soap carving flag, and the cyan lotus flag!

Seeing the three spirit flags, the eyes of the four avatars lit up, showing joy!

It turns out that Qin Feng and the clone are all concentric!

He sensed that the crisis in the Blue Star Realm had come ahead of schedule, so he quickly passed the three major spiritual flags through the trading channel.

Chapter 934 Cheeky surrender! Attack Longyuan!

At this moment, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The disciples of Longyuan were terrified!