Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

However, they did not back down.

Even if they knew that the situation was extremely unfavorable, they still believed that as long as Qin Feng returned, all crises could be solved!

At the same time, the millions of onlookers were also terrified!

They don't know, what will Ye Shen do with Qin Feng after he has dealt with them?

They don't care about Qin Feng's life or death at all!

But it is about their safety, which makes them terrified!

As a result, more and more onlookers are complaining that Qin Feng has caused trouble everywhere, bringing a great disaster to the Blue Star Realm!

Cursing Qin Feng killed more and more people, and the words became more and more ugly, and even some people stopped covering it up and cursed loudly.

Those curses spread, and many disciples of Long Yuan heard it, which made everyone in Long Yuan very angry!

Yes God and Maria heard it too!

The two of them found it very interesting, and they immediately watched the show in good time!

Especially when they saw that the leaders of the guardian forces were so disrespectful to Qin Feng, they felt inexplicably relieved, and they felt even more that they looked down on Qin Feng before!

In fact, in addition to these people, there was also a special group of onlookers gathered in the field.

Those special onlookers, whose cultivation bases ranged from earth-level to heaven-level.

Their location is very close to the floating city, only a few hundred miles away.

They are none other than the leaders of the guardian forces who chose to join Longyuan City and signed a contract with Longyuan City!

There are only a few hundred of these leaders!

At this moment, their faces are extremely ugly!

At the beginning, regardless of the unfavorable situation, they stood on Long Yuan's side desperately, but they didn't expect such a result!

Having said that, these leaders can choose to stand with Qin Feng in such a situation, obviously they are all powerful people!

But the current unfavorable situation, even they can't bear it anymore!

"Everyone, did we make a wrong choice? The current situation is extremely unfavorable to Longyuan City!"

A leader smiled wryly!

"Hey! Yes! Originally, Lord Qin Feng was difficult to deal with alone! Now there is another god-king peak power, and Lord Qin Feng is in danger!"

"Everyone, don't say more! Since we have made our choice, let's persevere to the end and advance and retreat together with Long Yuan! Do we still have room to regret it?"

"It's also 893! Right now, we can only pray that when Lord Qin Feng returns, he will have the strength to repel strong enemies!"

"Yeah! It's all up to Master Qin Feng!"

The leaders sighed and felt extremely uneasy!

Now, they can only pray that Qin Feng will not let them down!

Not in vain for their full support!

At the same time, above the stars!

Jesus and Mary also whispered.

"Oh! Dear Maria! The group of ants below are all cursing Qin Feng, and each one is swearing harder than the other! It's wonderful!"

Ye Shen smiled brightly.

At this moment, he was in a very good mood, and even added his dear to the name of Maria.

Hearing the long-lost nickname, Maria also smiled.

For so many years, Ye Shen has been complaining that she gave birth to the 'Bright Son' and brought him an invisible green hat.

The two people's originally close Taoist relationship has also produced a big crack, and it is not until now that it finally has the meaning of repair.

All this, thanks to Qin Feng!

Perhaps once Qin Feng died, she and Ye Shen would be reconciled as before.

Thinking of this, Maria smiled and said: "Those guys dare to scold Qin Feng, it is enough to show that Qin Feng lacks prestige, and there is no absolute authority in this Blue Star Realm!"

"Yeah! Look at those old men, they are really scolding each other more than the other!"

Yeshen smiled and looked at the millions of onlookers.

Those who scold Qin Feng are from this group of people.

Maria smiled slightly, but looked towards the floating city.

"Yesshen, have you noticed that it is the millions of onlookers who scold Qin Feng. And none of the 100,000 False Gods here scold Qin Feng."

"They are also the boss and the master, and their tone is full of respect. Could it be that the boss or the master they are referring to is Qin Feng?"

Maria expressed her doubts.

"Hey! It seems to be true!"

Ye Shen also quickly turned his head and looked down at the disciples of Long Yuan.

After a while, he had a strange look on his face: "Maria, if these people are Qin Feng's subordinates, then Qin Feng's power is not weak! Although there are no strong people among these people, all of them are false gods. The environment, the potential is not small!"

Maria nodded slightly: "It's true! However, no matter how many False God realms are, if there are no top masters in charge, it will still be a moon in the mirror, and it will still be empty in the end!"

Ye Shen nodded: "That's right! However, there are too many people in this False God realm, and the deity looks unhappy! Why don't I kill a group first and then talk about it!"

Speaking of this, his eyes gleamed fiercely!

Maria hesitated: "This God! Senior Puyin asked me to wait for the people trapped on this planet, and prevented them from escaping, but did not let us kill them all! If they were all killed, would Qin Feng be allowed to escape? Free of ties?"

Ye Shen didn't take it seriously: "Don't worry! I won't kill all of them, I will leave a part as bait! By the way, the space seal of Senior General Puyin should be finished soon, right?"

"It's estimated to be soon! Calculate the time, the domain master and the predecessors are also coming! They will be there in two and a half hours at most!"

"Haha! I really can't figure it out. It's just a little Qin Feng. These great powers are making a big splash, as if Qin Feng can escape this disaster!"

Ye Shen's tone was a little unconvincing.

Originally on the way here, after listening to Venerable Puyin's words, he was still afraid of Qin Feng.

And after arriving at the Blue Star Realm, seeing the attitude of those onlookers towards Qin Feng, made him look down on Qin Feng again!

"That's it! Maria, you stay here to guard! I'll kill a group first!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ye Shen was about to fly towards the people in Longyuan!

Seeing this, Mary will no longer stop her!

But at this moment, the mutation in the field regenerated!

I saw that among the millions of onlookers, a yellow-haired old man and a white-haired old man flew straight towards them.

Ye Shen couldn't help but stop and look at the two!

He is also very curious, what are these two old men coming for?

After a while, the two old men flew to the front, all of them trembling and saluting respectfully to the two of them!

"Little old man has seen two adults!"

The yellow-haired old man at the head had a trembling voice.

Standing in front of Jesus, he was completely overwhelmed by the momentum of Jesus, and he didn't even dare to lift his head.

Ye Shen frowned slightly: "Why are you waiting for the ants to see the deity?"

Being scolded as ants in person, the two old men were so frightened that they didn't even dare to smile bitterly, let alone get angry.

At this time, the white-haired old man was too frightened to speak.

The yellow-haired old man was bold and said with a trembling voice: "Yeah, Lord God! The two of us have come to surrender to you on behalf of the many guardian forces of the Blue Star Realm?"

"Defection?!" Ye Shen was a little surprised.

Immediately, he sneered: "How do you say this?"

The yellow-haired old man hurriedly said: "My lord! That traitor Qin Feng has offended you! It's all because of him, and it has nothing to do with me and the Blue Star Realm! All the forces in the Blue Star Realm have agreed to support you in eliminating that evil. thief!"

"For this reason, all the guardian forces in our Blue Star Realm are willing to rely on you, and we are willing to help you destroy Qin Feng and his forces!"

Hearing this, Ye Shen suddenly laughed!

Qin Feng's little thief is really unpopular!

The guardian forces of the entire Blue Star Realm must turn their backs on him!

This made him an intruder, but instead became a teacher of justice, and even the guardian forces came to seek refuge!

However, God did not take these people seriously.

He sneered: "This deity wants to destroy Qin Feng! How can I use you ants! Besides, how can you help the ants?"Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Hearing this, the two old men panicked!

This obviously means not accepting their surrender!

puff~! puff~!

Immediately, the two of them fell to their knees in fear and bowed to Ye Shen again and again!

"Yeah Lord! All of this is Qin Feng's fault! It has nothing to do with me!"

"Yeah! We support you in destroying Qin Feng! We also support you in destroying his forces! Let us go, these innocent Blue Star forces!"

The two old men kept begging!

"Haha!! Hugh! How to deal with you, the deity has his own plans! By the way! Tell me, those people are Qin Feng's forces?"

Hearing this, the two old men scrambled to point to the floating city as if they had caught a life-saving straw!

"Master! Those guys are Qin Feng's subordinates!"

"Their force is called Longyuan City! My lord! We support you in destroying Qin Feng and Longyuan City! All of this is their fault! It has nothing to do with us!"

The two old men screamed at each other!

"It really is them!"

Ye Shen suddenly looked at the floating city, and there was a hint of jealousy in his eyes!

Even if the forces under him don't have so many False God realms,

That Qin Feng little thief has cultivated so many, it's really unpleasant!

Immediately, he sneered: "Humph! This deity is going to kill a wave of Longyuan's children! You two old people go back! Don't make a noise here!"

"I... let's get out! Get out now!"

The two old men rolled and crawled as they retreated in panic.

Ye Shen cast a contemptuous glance at the two of them and ignored them.

In the next second, he flew straight towards Longyuan City.

He didn't know that everything that happened in the starry sky was seen by the phantom avatar.

Even the Venerable Reception and the Master of the Light Domain he mentioned inadvertently were learned by the phantom avatar!

In this way, Ye Shen flew to the floating city with murderous aura!

On the other side, the two old men flew back to the crowd in distress.

As soon as they returned, the crowd gathered around them.

"Old Huang, how is the situation?"

The crowd asked with great concern.

The yellow-haired old man smiled bitterly: "Hey! Lord Yeshen didn't say that he would let us go, nor did he say that he would not let us go. I don't know what he meant!"

"Ah~! Mr. Huang, didn't you say that all the guardian forces of our Blue Star Realm are willing to surrender to him?"

The yellow-haired old man smiled bitterly again: "The old man said it! But Lord Yeshen doesn't like it at all!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's heart sank, and they were about to cool down!

Then, there was a resentment of cursing from the crowd!

"Damn it! It's all the fault of Qin Feng's troublemaker! He harmed the Blue Star Realm! He harmed us all!"