Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The guardian forces of the entire Blue Star Realm must turn their backs on him!

This made him an intruder, but instead became a teacher of justice, and even the guardian forces came to seek refuge!

However, God did not take these people seriously.

He sneered: "This deity wants to destroy Qin Feng! How can I use you ants! Besides, how can you help the ants?"

Hearing this, the two old men panicked!

This obviously means not accepting their surrender!

puff~! puff~!

Immediately, the two of them fell to their knees in fear and bowed to Ye Shen again and again!

"Yeah Lord! All of this is Qin Feng's fault! It has nothing to do with me!"

"Yeah! We support you in destroying Qin Feng! We also support you in destroying his forces! Let us go, these innocent Blue Star forces!"

The two old men kept begging!

"Haha! Don't make noise! ​​How to deal with you, the deity has his own plans! By the way! Tell me, those people are Qin Feng's forces?"

Hearing this, the two old men scrambled to point to the floating city as if they had caught a life-saving straw!

"Master! Those guys are Qin Feng's subordinates!"

"Their force is called Longyuan City! My lord! We support you in destroying Qin Feng and Longyuan City! All of this is their fault! It has nothing to do with us!"

The two old men screamed at each other!

"It really is them!"

Ye Shen suddenly looked at the floating city, and there was a hint of jealousy in his eyes!

Even if the forces under him don't have so many False God realms,

That Qin Feng little thief has cultivated so many, it's really unpleasant!

Immediately, he sneered: "Humph! This deity is going to kill a wave of Longyuan's children! You two old people go back! Don't make a noise here!"

"I... let's get out! Get out now!"

The two old men rolled and crawled as they retreated in panic.

Ye Shen cast a contemptuous glance at the two of them and ignored them.

In the next second, he flew straight towards Longyuan City.

He didn't know that everything that happened in the starry sky was seen by the phantom avatar.

Even the Venerable Reception and the Master of the Light Domain he mentioned inadvertently were learned by the phantom avatar!

In this way, Ye Shen flew to the floating city with murderous aura!

On the other side, the two old men flew back to the crowd in distress.

As soon as they returned, the crowd gathered around them.

"Old Huang, how is the situation?"

The crowd asked with great concern.

The yellow-haired old man smiled bitterly: "Hey! Lord Yeshen didn't say that he would let us go, nor did he say that he would not let us go. I don't know what he meant!"

"Ah~! Mr. Huang, didn't you say that all the guardian forces of our Blue Star Realm are willing to surrender to him?"

The yellow-haired old man smiled bitterly again: "The old man said it! But Lord Yeshen doesn't like it at all!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's heart sank, and they were about to cool down!

Then, there was a resentment of cursing from the crowd!

"Damn it! It's all the fault of Qin Feng's troublemaker! He harmed the Blue Star Realm! He harmed us all!"

"That's right! He did it! He should die! What does it have to do with us?!"

At this moment, the more and more people cursed, the more vicious!

They have forced all their grievances on Qin Feng, and they wish Qin Feng would die immediately to appease the anger of God!

They didn't know that their faces were clearly seen by the phantom avatar!

"Everyone, don't worry! Qin Feng is doomed this time! Longyuan City is also doomed! Look! Lord Yeshen has already killed him in Longyuan City!"

At this moment, the yellow-haired old man said another sentence.

After this reminder, everyone turned their heads to look, and they saw that Ye Shen was killing Longyuan City.

"Huh! Really!"

"That's great! I hope Lord Yeshen can kill Long Yuan! Maybe, he killed all of Long Yuan's people! That's relieved!"

"Yes! It makes sense!"

As soon as these words came out, many people's eyes lit up, and they showed anticipation.

There are many people showing gloating color!

They have blamed all their grievances on Qin Feng, and even all the disciples of Long Yuan hated it!

They wish that God could kill all the children of Longyuan!

In addition, there are many people who also have their own small thoughts!

If Ye Shen destroyed Longyuan City, wouldn't the resources of the Blue Star Realm fall into the hands of these forces!

At that time, they don't have to look up to Longyuan City's breath!

Thinking of this, they hoped even more that Ye Shen could kill Guang Long Yuan's children in one fell swoop!

At the same moment, Long Yuan felt bad when he saw that Ye Shen was actually killing him!

One by one is extremely frightened and nervous!

A hundred miles away, the hundreds of power leaders who supported Longyuan City were also panicking!

Right now, Lord Qin Feng has not returned, but Ye Shen has to start first. The situation of Long Yuan's children is not good!

Naturally, they didn't know that the phantom avatar was watching this scene coldly, just waiting for Ye Shen to approach the floating city.

In just a moment, Ye Shen flew to the top of the floating city and overlooked everyone in Longyuan.

Long Yuan suddenly held his breath up and down, not even daring to breathe!

Many people had cold sweat on their foreheads!

Ye God looked at this scene proudly, his expression was extremely arrogant!

I saw him glanced at the audience contemptuously, and said disdainfully: "Are you waiting for the ants to be Qin Feng's subordinates?"

Hearing these contemptuous words, the disciples frowned.

Liu Xuan even bite the bullet: "So what?"

Ye Shen smiled coldly: "Then die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, he suddenly shot, and slapped it down!

When the palm was shot, it immediately turned into a giant palm, covering the entire floating city in an instant.

Chapter 936 Astrological projection! Half-step eternity!

Ye Shen smiled coldly: "Then die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, he suddenly shot, and slapped it down!

When the palm was shot, it immediately turned into a giant palm, covering the entire floating city in an instant.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The giant palm fell, and wherever the palm wind passed, the void shattered inch by inch, and the momentum was shocking!

"not good!"

"Quick! Quick! Let's do it together!"

Everyone in Longyuan roared in shock!

But the next second, they were horrified to discover that the four-week space had been imprisoned!

They couldn't move - let alone resist!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That terrifying slap, keep going crazy - fall!

Its explosive momentum suddenly reached 100 million stars, and its power was terrifying!

That palm has not yet fallen, and its invisible palm has been oppressed from the air, slamming on the square of the floating city!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next breath, the square of the floating city could not bear the pressure, and cracks appeared!

This terrifying scene fell in the eyes of everyone!

A hundred miles away, the hundreds of leaders who supported Long Yuan were so frightened that their faces turned pale!

They are very close to the floating city, and they can clearly feel that the attack power of that palm has reached 100 million stars!

How could everyone in Long Yuan resist such a terrifying power!

This time, Long Yuan will be wiped out by one palm!

Done! Done!

It's over now!

The leaders were crying out in grief!

On the other side, the millions of onlookers also sensed the terrifying power of that palm!

Their eyes widened in horror!

They also didn't expect that the power of Ye Shen's attack could surpass his own combat power, reaching the terrifying 100 million!

That Long Yuan is dead this time!

I really did not expect that such a strong Longyuan City could not even resist the palm of Lord Ye Shen!

Thinking of this, many people are excited!

They can't wait, Ye Shen will destroy Longyuan City with one palm!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, that palm fell above the heads of everyone in Longyuan!

Everyone in Long Yuan was still unable to move, and could only watch the palm approaching!

They were suddenly desperate, and their eyes were dim!

Seeing this scene, God is very proud!

His eyes were full of jokes, and there was an inexplicable jealousy in his eyes!

Qin Feng actually has more False God realm subordinates than him, which makes him extremely annoyed!

Today, he will destroy these ants and destroy Qin Feng's foundation!

Thinking of this, the expression in Ye Shen's eyes became more and more violent!

That palm also accelerated and shot down

Seeing that, everyone in Long Yuan was about to be slapped into meat slag!

In the distance, the millions of onlookers are already showing schadenfreude!

Even Maria in the sky showed a faint smile!

In her opinion, everyone in Long Yuan is dead!