Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

For example, in Longyuan Village, apart from Qin Feng, only Liu Xuan has a reputation of 10 points and has become a novice elite.

The others didn't even reach 10 reputation.

Raising prestige and obtaining the title bestowed by Heaven is also a way to enhance strength.

As soon as Qin Feng's thoughts moved, the voucher card in his hand turned into white light and merged into his body.

[Reminder: You have successfully used the 'Elves' certificate', and your reputation will be +1. 】

He hurriedly checked the reputation column, the reputation value had increased from 77 points to 78 points.

good! good!

This 'elf's certificate' is really useful.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: When the combat power reaches 100 stars and the prestige value reaches 100 points, you can get a new title - the novice emperor. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Fuck it~!

It turns out that the title on the novice emperor is 'the novice emperor'.

'The Great Novice' brought him a 160-point attribute increase, which greatly increased his strength.

According to the rules, the attribute increase of each title is double the previous one.

The attribute points rewarded by the novice emperor should be 320 points.

320 attribute points!

It can greatly improve his strength!

Qin Feng was immediately excited, he hurried forward, picked up all those 'elf certificates', and started to use...

[Reminder: You have successfully used the 'Elves' certificate', and your reputation will be +1. 】

[Reminder: You have successfully used the 'Elves' certificate', and your reputation will be +1. 】

[Reminder: You have successfully used the 'elf's certificate', and the reputation is 07+1. 】

...

[Reminder: You have reached the upper limit of the number of 'elves' certificates', and any further use is invalid. 】

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng used the certificate to the upper limit, and the reputation value increased to 87 points.

So far, he still has three voucher cards left in his hand.

He put away the credential card contentedly.

These voucher cards are all second-order items, and they should be able to sell for a good price in the market.

Having said that, when he beheaded the magma fire essence before, he found that the fire essence would completely dissipate after death, and not even a corpse was left behind.

This makes it impossible for him to use Endless Extraction for benefits, nor to donate corpses for contribution points.

I thought there would be no profit from killing this fire spirit, but I didn't expect that there would be such a strange thing as 'the certificate of the elf'.

Sure enough, Heaven is not alone, and some balance will always be considered.

He was very satisfied with the harvest of this voucher.

continue! continue!

Look at the time, it's already evening.

He also wanted to get to Burning Heaven Valley before it got dark.

At the moment, Qin Feng continued to walk along the magma river.

After a quarter of an hour, he arrived at a place similar to a small plain.

There is a huge lava lake ahead.

The fiery magma sputtered from the lake from time to time, bringing up the sky full of sparks.

This made the temperature in the air even hotter in this area, and the smell of sulfur in the air became stronger and suffocating.

Qin Feng took a breath, and the hot air entered his throat, which made his throat hurt so hot, and there was a smell of burnt blisters.

If he hadn't used the rejuvenation technique from time to time to repair the scalded throat, I'm afraid it would be hard to hold on.

It would cost a lot of money for someone else to come here.

Of course, Qin Feng's perseverance is also extremely amazing.

Even if he can repair the scald, not everyone can endure the burning pain in the process of being scalded.

"By bypassing this magma lake, you should be able to reach Burning Heaven Valley!"

Qin Feng glanced up and walked along the lake shore, ready to go around.

Gollum~! Gollum~! Gollum~!

But at this time, a large number of bubbles appeared in the lava in the lake.

Immediately afterwards, one white fireball after another drilled out of the magma lake and floated into the air.

There are more than 3,000 densely packed.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, those fireballs erupted one by one, turning into magma fire essences one after another, staring at Qin Feng coldly.

One of them is particularly special. It is several feet long, ten times as big as the other fire essences, and its imposing manner is even more astonishing.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look.

[Elf]: Magma Fire Spirit King (king level)

[Level]: Level 16

[Combat evaluation]: 52 stars

[Characteristics]: Domain guardian, incorporeal, an elves born from magma.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

[Status]: Controlled

what!

It's the Fire King!

The state is manipulated!

Could it be controlled by the Demon King of Hell?

Qin Feng was thinking wildly in his heart.

The Fire King is also looking at him.

It looked down at Qin Feng with contempt in its eyes.

It was ordered by the Demon King of Inferno to stop a human being here.

Unexpectedly, it was only a level 14 human.

Ha ha!

A small level 14 human, it can be killed easily.

roar~!

The Fire King roared in the sky and issued an order to attack.

The next second, it took the lead and came to kill Qin Feng.

The remaining 3,000 fire spirits followed closely...

Boom~Long~Long!

The army of more than 3,000 fire spirits attacked, like a sea of ​​​​fire, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth.

"Just in time!"

Qin Feng waved his hand!

The sky, the earth, and the clouds changed color, and countless cold winds whistled.

Suddenly, ice arrows and snow blades fell from the sky and shot towards those fire spirits

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Countless ice arrows and snow blades hit one fire essence after another.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One after another, the fire spirits exploded on the spot, turned into sparks in the sky, and drifted away in the wind...

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[The 16th-level magma fire essence was successfully killed, and the 'elf's certificate' was released. 】

 …

An energy harvesting feast unfolded once again.

The Fire King, who was in the middle of the storm, was a little confused.

But then, it saw the subordinates being killed one by one, and its heart was full of anger.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

At the moment, it roared up to the sky and rushed towards Qin Feng desperately.

It's going to kill this human!

It wants to avenge its subordinates!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The Fire King turned into a monstrous white flame and continued to kill Qin Feng.

Wherever the flames went, scorch marks were everywhere.

The flame it turns into is more than ten thousand degrees, and it can burn everything.

Of course, countless ice arrows and snow blades were also shot at it, but most of them were vaporized before they got close.

The few that hit it didn't do much damage to it.

In the blink of an eye, the Fire King was only fifty meters away from Qin Feng.

Qin Feng ignored it and continued to cast the ice storm, focusing on killing those fire spirits...

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[The 16th-level magma fire essence was successfully killed, and the 'elf's certificate' was released. 】

 …

Waves of energy values ​​poured into his body crazily.

His upgrade progress is soaring.

This quick lift feels so pleasing!

In the blink of an eye, he killed nearly a thousand fire spirits.

All the fire spirits were afraid, but without the order of the fire spirit king, they did not dare to retreat, so they had to bite the bullet and continue to kill Qin Feng.