Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

"court death!"

A faint cold hum!

Like the voice of the Nine Heavens, it suddenly came out from the floating city!

As soon as the sound came out, the universe stopped, and the avenue stopped!

Within a radius of hundreds of millions of miles, time suddenly stopped!

Yeshen's palm was actually imprisoned in place, unable to move half a minute!

Even Ye Shen was imprisoned in place!

He was terrified all of a sudden!

Boom~!

But before he could think about it, a giant hand that reached the sky rushed out of the floating city and slapped him on the body at once!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

Ye Shen didn't even have time to let out a scream, and was shot on the spot, turning into a **** fog!

The whole audience was dumbfounded!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Maria is also stunned!

The next breath, she reacted, turned around and ran away!

huh~!

But just as she turned around, a white light flashed behind her!

A stalwart figure appeared out of thin air, and instantly appeared behind her!

She was horrified!

While screaming in horror, he fled into the starry sky

"Senior Puyin! Help!"

Boom~!

Before the shouting was over, the person who came slapped her on the back!

Bang~!

Another terrifying sound!

"Ah~~!"

Terrible scream! Reverberate in the stars!

Maria was also slapped with a palm and turned into a **** fog!

The audience was completely dumbfounded!

Gosh!

This guy is too strong!

With just two palms, the two peaks of the two **** kings were shot!

This is definitely a quasi-half-step eternal power!

Oh my God!

When did the Blue Star Realm hide such a terrifying existence?

In the panic, everyone looked away!

At this sight, the millions of onlookers were dumbfounded again!

The person here is clearly Qin Feng!

what happened? !

Isn't Qin Feng in the Holy Land?

How could he be here!

It was at this moment that the people of Longyuan below finally recognized the person and gave out an earth-shattering cheer!

"That...that's the boss's clone!"

"Yeah! He's a mirage clone!"

"The boss's clone is finally out!"

Boom~!

Hearing these shouts, the surrounding audience was shocked and completely stunned!

Oh my god~!

This person is just Qin Feng's avatar!

Qin Feng's avatar is so strong, how strong should his body be? !

before they

Thinking of what they had done before, these people panicked!

At this moment, the phantom avatar looked at them coldly.

Those people are even more frightened!

One by one, their faces turned pale with fright, and their bodies trembled!

They were even scared to death by Ye Shen, and naturally they were even more afraid of the Mirage clone!

In the next second, several cunning old men reacted and hurriedly stepped forward to meet them

"Congratulations to Mr. Qin Qinfeng for killing the invading strong enemy! We have been waiting for you here for a long time!"

"Lord Qin Qinfeng! We are willing to become your subsidiary force and want to sign a contract with you!"

"Lord Qin Feng! I am willing to swear allegiance to you!"

At this moment, those people expressed their loyalty one after another!

Among them is the old man with yellow hair!

The Mirage clone sneered and looked at these people with disgust!

He could see clearly their ugly faces before!

He didn't even bother to say a word about these shameless wallflowers!

At the moment, he snorted coldly and slapped the millions of onlookers with a palm.

Take that palm!

All sound! All wind! All time! All stop!

As if the world freezes at that moment!

Millions of onlookers couldn't move at all!

In the next second, the palm of the phantom avatar turned into a giant palm that reached the sky and enveloped them!

"No~~!"

"Master Qin Qinfeng, spare your life! Forgive your life!"

Those people looked at the giant palm coming towards them and cried out in fright for mercy!

The Mirage clone ignored it and slapped it horizontally!

Bang~~!

That palm fell!

It directly turned millions of people into powder!

None survived!

The blood mist dyed the sky red!

The atmosphere is filled with a thick smell of blood!

Long Yuan was stunned from top to bottom!

huh~! huh~!

It was at this moment that two white lights flew out from the blood mist formed by Yeshen and Maria, and poured into the phantom's body.

[You killed the sinner 'Yeshen' (the pinnacle of the king of gods), and your body gained +4.3 trillion energy points! 】

[You killed the sinner 'Yeshen' (the pinnacle of the king of gods), and your body gained +92,000 gold judgment points]

[You killed the sinner 'Maria' (the pinnacle of the king of gods), and your body gained +4.1 trillion energy points! 】

[You killed the sinner 'Maria' (the pinnacle of the king of gods), and your body obtained +89,000 gold judgment points]

【Your level is promoted to level 97】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 96 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 50,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 50,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 50,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 50,000 points! 】

[Reminder: Killing the sinners who have attacked the ‘Judgment God Domain’ can get trial points! 】

Om~! Om~!

·

At this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on the Mirage clone!

Qin Feng's level and vocation have been upgraded!

This surprised him!

At the same time, he also knew that those who attacked the Judgment Domain will be judged as sinners!

If you kill the sinner, you can get the judgment value!

And **** and Mary are sinners!

Therefore, killing the two of Yeshen can obtain judgment points!

After figuring this out, the Mirage clone smiled.

The upgrade of the vocation is an unexpected joy!

You must know that the higher the vocation level, the greater the help for Qin Feng to obtain the inheritance of the "Judgment Domain Lord"!

After figuring out this, the phantom avatar waved again, and there were two storage rings, which flew out of the blood mist of **** and Maria respectively, and fell into his hands...

That is the storage ring of **** and Mary!

The phantom avatar picked up the Yeshen storage ring, and only looked at it slightly, showing a surprise color.

In the storage ring, there are the upper and lower pages of the "Future Book" that Qin Feng wanted.

In this way, "Future Book" can be integrated and completed.

However, these are later things.

The phantom avatar put away the two storage rings, pinched a seal, and launched a secret technique again.

In the next second, an invisible force instantly enveloped the audience

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of God, your body's luck value +11 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all of Maria's luck, your body's luck value +9 times]