Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, the luck was swallowed up!

The Mirage clone opened his eyes with satisfaction!

It was at this moment that Long Yuan recovered from the shock and immediately cheered excitedly!

On the other side, the hundreds of leaders who supported Long Yuan also recovered from their shock!

At this moment, they looked at each other with unbelievable colors in their eyes!

"Every... everyone! Is everything true just now? Does the old man have no dazzling eyes?"

A majestic old man, still can't believe what he just saw!

Another arrogant man swallowed his saliva and said, "Old Sheng! You read that right! Lord Qin Feng's avatar really only took two palms to destroy the two peaks of the **** king!"

As soon as these words fell, another person sighed: "Not only did he destroy the two peaks of the two gods, but he also killed millions of guardian force leaders with one palm!"

"My God! Just one clone is so powerful! How powerful should Master Qin Feng be!"

"Yes! Unimaginable! Unimaginable!"

At this moment, everyone sighed!

At the same time, they were extremely excited!

Knew it!

Lord Qin Feng did not disappoint them!

They stand in line so right!

Thinking of this, these people are very happy!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

In the depths of the starry sky in the distance, an earth-shattering roar suddenly came, stirring the starry sky, and even the Blue Star Realm was affected!

Everyone was startled and looked up.

Long Yuan was also startled up and down, and he also looked up into the air!

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The Mirage clone also slowly raised its head and looked into the depths of the starry sky.

He has already felt that a super powerful aura is coming towards the Blue Star Realm!

That should be Venerable Puyin coming!

Obviously, Maria's last scream still alarmed him!

hey~!

The real enemy is coming!

The Mirage clone took a deep breath and hurriedly waited for it!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the same moment, white light flashed behind him!

The three avatars of Yueling, Woodling and Bingling appeared at the same time, each holding a spirit flag!

In the next second, the three avatars clapped their hands and began to sacrifice the spirit flag to prepare.

The hundreds of powerful leaders were dumbfounded!

They thought that Qin Feng only had a clone of the Mirage!

At this time, three avatars appeared again, with the same imposing manner and the same strength!

Gosh!

How strong is Lord Qin Feng? !

At this moment, they can't imagine the spoon.

Chapter 937 Three shocking blows! The Holy Land is closed!

Just when those leaders were shocked, the spirit flags in the hands of the three avatars of Yueling, Bingling, and Woodling had been sacrificed!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In the next second, the plain-colored cloud flag (gold) turned into a huge white mask!

The Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag (water) turned into a huge black mask!

The cyan lotus flag (wood) turned into a huge cyan mask!

Once the three-color mask is completed, layers of protection are formed, covering the entire planet!

It's huge, it's amazing!

Looking up and down Long Yuan was extremely shocking!

The hundreds of leaders were also amazed!

The phantom avatar looked up at the three-layer mask, but looked worried!

Although the defense of this innate five-element flag is strong, I am afraid that it cannot stop Venerable Puyin!

If Pu leads the Venerable to attack and attack, even if their four avatars join forces, they are not opponents!

At that time, the Blue Star Realm will be in danger!

Perhaps, only Ontology can stop this crisis!

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar looked up at the exit of the Holy Land, and the eyes were full of anxiety!

He is praying that the body will return in time

Just as the situation is getting more and more urgent, something is also happening in the Holy Land

At this time, in the Holy Land!

The acquisition of Feng Xi and Xiaoluan'er Daojing is coming to an end!

At the center of the small universe, there is a secret cultivation room.

Qin Feng is sitting cross-legged on a futon.

At this moment, a dazzling avenue of aura lit up on his body, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

After everything subsided, he slowly opened his eyes, full of joy!

Just now, he finished refining a Taiqing Dao crystal and awakened a new avenue!

During this period of time, his mind body was working hard to refine Taiqing Daojing.

The refining of those Dao crystals can be difficult or easy!

Some can be refined quickly!

Some will not finish refining in a while!

Until now, there were only 37 new avenues that he had awakened before and after!

He still has more than 70 Dao Crystals being refined!

In addition, Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er also had more than 120 Dao crystals in their hands.

Among the more than 120 pieces, more than 30 pieces were exchanged for them by Qin Feng, and the extra 90 pieces were purchased.

In short, Qin Feng's Daojing harvest this time is extremely amazing!

pity!

He has no time to refine!

Besides, Venerable Puyin will also be killed!

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked up at the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

He is concentric with the Mirage clone!

The phantom avatar sees everything, it is equivalent to him seeing it too!

At this moment, he sensed that Venerable Puyin was rushing towards the Blue Star Realm.

The situation in the Blue Star Realm is extremely bad!

"I wonder if the four clones can block it for a moment?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and was quite worried!

Up to now, he already knew that Venerable Puyin was only in the front line!

Behind Puyin, there are Venerable Jieyin and the Lord of the Bright Domain are coming!

Those two people are more terrifying than Venerable Puyin!

His situation is really getting more and more critical!

No wonder, when he deduced the secret before, the hexagram showed that he had to break through 1 trillion stars in combat power, then he could have a 30% chance of survival

Today, the total number of avenues he has awakened has reached 237, and the basic combat power is 999.8 billion stars, which is only 200 million away from 1 trillion!

The slightest difference is negligible!

He barely reached his goal!

What's more, many of his mind bodies are still refining the Dao Crystal.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Among them, more than a dozen Dao crystals are about to be refined, and it is only a matter of time before breaking 1 trillion combat power!

However, even if the 1 trillion combat power is broken, there is only a 30% chance of breaking the game!

This is still too low for Qin Feng!

I don't want so much anymore!

The most urgent thing for him at the moment is to leave the Holy Land quickly and break the current crisis in the Blue Star Realm!

If the four avatars cannot stop Venerable Puyin, then Longyuan City will be finished, and so will the Blue Star Realm!

This is definitely not what he wants to see!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng became more anxious

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Holy Land Reminder: In 1 minute, the Holy Land will be closed, all players please be prepared! 】

【Countdown: 65958】

what! Only one minute left!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

In a minute, he might be able to rescue him in time!

huh~!

Thinking of this, he flashed and disappeared in the secret room.

In the next second, he was back in the square!

At this moment, in the square, all the players are taking stock of their harvests, all with joy on their faces!

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er have completed all the transactions, and they are also happy!

When Qin Feng appeared, the two girls saw it and quickly greeted him with joy!

"Owner!"

"dad!"

The two girls walked over quickly!

"How's the deal?"

Qin Feng asked with concern.