Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Master, our purchase this time went very smoothly! Just now, Tiandao reminded the time to end, and the dozen or so players finally compromised and traded with us! In this way, we have bought a dozen more Dao crystals! "

Feng Xi said excitedly.

Qin Feng was also surprised!

I bought a dozen more Dao Crystals, which means that the number of Dao Crystals that Feng Xi and the others bought have reached more than 100.

"Good job!"

Qin Feng nodded with satisfaction!

"Master, our Daojing is here!"

At this time, Feng Xi took out a storage ring and handed it over with joy

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "By the way, you two Daojings that can be refined, do you stay?"

Feng Xi smiled and said: "Master, don't worry! We have all stayed! This time, I got three Dao crystals that can be refined! Little Luan'er has more, she got four!"

As soon as these words fell, the two girls showed joy on their faces.

"That's good!"

Qin Feng put away the storage ring with satisfaction.

"Time is running out! You guys also go back to the center of the universe!"

Afterwards, he waved again and took the two girls into the center of the universe.

After doing this, there are more than forty seconds left before the Holy Land closes!

But at this moment, more than 20 players came over with anxious expressions.

"Qin...Lord Qin Feng! Are you still buying Daojing?"

"Lord Qin Feng! We want to exchange Daojing for your resources! I wonder if we can?"

It turned out that these two dozen players have been hesitating, whether to exchange the Dao Jing in their hands for cultivation resources!

It was not until Qin Feng summoned Feng Xi and the two away and completely ended the transaction, these talents finally made up their minds to sell those Dao Jing.

After all, they can't refine it, so it's more practical to exchange some available resources to improve their strength.

Then again, time is running out!

If you miss this village, you won't have this store!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was quite happy!

For him, Dao Jing is naturally the more the better!

Even if he can't use it, he can use it for his subordinates!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Immediately, he said: "If you want to sell, then take it out and trade! Don't bargain! Time is running out!"

Players rejoice!

"My lord! We understand!"

"My lord! I want to exchange for 10 thousand-year-old peaches for this 'Avenue of Songs'!"

"My lord! I want to exchange for 3 drops of Qiongjing Jade Liquid!"

"grown ups"

In this way, Qin Feng is in the square, carrying out the last wave of resource harvesting

At the same moment, outside the Holy Land, the Blue Star Realm!

The earth-shattering roar is getting closer and closer!

At this moment, Long Yuan also realized that an extremely terrifying powerful enemy will come!

In particular, the four avatars looked serious, and all of them were waiting for them, which made them feel even more uneasy!

Immediately, the disciples of Long Yuan whispered in a low voice!

"Everyone! The situation doesn't seem to be good! Looking at the expression of the boss's clone, it seems that an extremely powerful enemy is coming!"

"Yeah! You said, how strong will the incoming enemy be? Looking at the strength of the boss clone, it should be quasi-half-step eternity. Is the incoming enemy also quasi-half-step eternity?"

"No way? Our Blue Star Realm is just a last-class planet, and even a star master has not been born, how can it be targeted by a quasi-half-step eternity?"

"Yeah! I don't think it's possible either!"

"Everyone, if it's not the eternal existence of this step, why is the boss's clone so serious?"

"This"

With that reminder, Long Yuan felt uneasy from top to bottom, and looked up at the starry sky one by one nervously.

On the other side, the hundreds of leaders were also nervous.

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the sound of breaking the air was approaching!

An aura that covered the sky and the earth came from the depths of the starry sky, and instantly enveloped the entire planet!

Immediately afterwards, a projection of a god-man that was so large appeared in the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

That projection is extremely huge, comparable to a huge galaxy.

A planet like the Blue Star Realm is not as big as that projected pupil!

This scene suddenly made everyone in Long Yuan stunned!

The hundreds of power leaders are even more open-mouthed!

In the next second, there were exclamations from the crowd!

"Oh my god! That...that's an astral projection! An astral projection that can only be mastered by half a step of eternity!"

As soon as those words came out, everyone's face turned pale!

They thought that the enemy was a quasi-half-step eternity, but they didn't expect it to be a half-step eternity of a higher realm!

Quasi-half-step eternity is in front of half-step eternity, but it is vulnerable!

At this moment, the projection of the god-man in the sky looked down and looked down.

That is the projection of Venerable Puyin!

Before his real body arrives, the projection comes first!

At this moment, the projection looked down at the earth with a gloomy face, looking for the silhouettes of **** and Maria.

He was supposed to be hundreds of millions of miles away, setting up the starry sky, and he was about to complete the arrangement, but he heard Maria's screams!

He hurried over!

"Hey! The soul breath of God and Maria has disappeared! Those blood mists are damned!"

Pu Yin's projection soon realized that the two Yeshens had fallen!

He was instantly furious!

Yashen and Maria are the core disciples of the Light God Domain!

Naye God is the direct blood relative of the Lord of the Light Domain!

This time, the master of the light domain will come over, just to worry about the safety of the two!

For this reason, Senior Brother Jiyin also promised the Lord of the Bright Domain that they would never hurt the two of them, and they would also protect the safety of the two of them!

Now it's good, the two of Yeshen have fallen before the master of the light domain arrives!

Under his nose, he was killed by someone!

In this way, what is his face? !

The Lord of Bright Domain 4.7 will definitely not blame him!

"Who?! Who killed Yashen!"

At the moment, the projection let out a roar!

That terrifying roar shook the ground and shook the planet!

In the air, everyone in Long Yuan was dizzy and dizzy, with gold stars in their eyes!

The hundreds of leaders of the guardian forces were even more unbearable. They vomited blood and tumbled from the air one by one!

Soon, that roar subsided!

But no one answered who was the murderer!

Pu Yin is getting more and more angry!

He glanced at the audience coldly, and finally his eyes fell on the four major points!

The four people with the highest realm in the audience are these four guys who look exactly the same.

They are all true gods!

Looking at their appearance, they are very similar to Qin Feng described by Cheng Huang and others!

Could it be that one of the four is Qin Feng?

This is impossible!

Isn't Qin Feng in the Holy Land!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that Venerable Puyin's real body arrived!

The projection in the air dissipated!

In the next second, Pu Yin's real body appeared in mid-air, looking down at all beings coldly!

"Since you don't dare to say who the murderer is, then die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Pu Yin slammed into the sky and was afraid!

That palm instantly enveloped the entire planet, and the aura it exudes suddenly reached 2 trillion stars!

As soon as the momentum came out, hundreds of millions of creatures felt it, and they were all scared to death!

Long Yuan was completely frightened up and down!

Chapter 938: Dao plunder! Promoted to heaven!

Gosh!

2 trillion combat power!

Everyone in Longyuan was extremely frightened!

One by one, the heart sank straight down!

The leaders of the forces who fell from the air were even more frightened and pale!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that giant palm fell madly!

The constant magnification in front of everyone's eyes has become a trend that covers the sky and the earth, making the world darken!

What's even more frightening is that the power of the Great Dao contained in that palm actually stopped the planet and stopped the time and space!

Afterwards, it erupted with the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and crushed it on the outermost planetary barrier in the air!

Click~! Click~! Kacha~!

The planetary barrier was instantly shattered and turned into countless starlights, as fragile as paper!

Everyone was dumbfounded again!

Gosh!

That palm didn't even touch the barrier, and it blasted it through the air. It was really terrifying!

People are getting more and more desperate!