Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Om~! Om~! Om~!

But at this moment, the Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone moved the seals one after another, completely activating the three five-element flags!

The three layers of protective light shields that shrouded the sky above the Blue Star Realm emerged one after another, illuminating a dazzling light!

"Hey~! This is"

Venerable Puyin was a little surprised!

He didn't expect that these three little ants in the true **** realm would be able to move freely under the pressure of his avenues, and release three protective masks!

But the next second, he was disdainful!

Just three ants in the real **** realm!

Just relying on the mask they released, they also wanted to resist his palm. It was a dream!

He wants to smash the three-layer mask and the entire planet with one palm, just like smashing a fragile egg!

Those **** ants! All to die!

This planet shouldn't even exist!

Thinking of this, Venerable Puyin's expression became more violent, and the speed of the palm shot was also accelerated by one point!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, that palm will collide with the first layer of mask!

Everyone in Longyuan suddenly opened their eyes wide!

In the blink of an eye, that palm slapped **** the mask!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The Bafang universe is shaking!

There were several looming cracks on the first layer of the mask, and they disappeared again in a blink of an eye, and there was no sign of cracking!

Boom~!

This scene made the audience dumbfounded!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Venerable Pu Yin was also stunned!

What? !

He didn't even break the first layer of mask!

how can that be? !

Venerable Puyin looked at everything in front of him in disbelief!

Naturally, he didn't know that the plain-colored cloud world flag in the hands of the Moon Spirit avatar could exert a defensive energy level of more than 2.3 trillion stars, which was even stronger than the original Yaotai Xuannv!

With the power of Venerable Puyin's attack just now, it is naturally impossible to break through!

"How could this happen? Could it be that these three people used some heavenly treasure?!"

At this moment, Venerable Pu Yin looked at the mask below in surprise.

In the next second, his eyes lit up!

He sensed that the three mask enchantments actually had the aura of creating peak treasures!

It turns out that these three guys used three peak-level treasures of good fortune!

In this way, wouldn't it just be cheaper for him!

At this moment, Venerable Puyin's eyes flashed with fiery light!

The treasure of the peak of creation!

It is also an extremely rare treasure for him!

As long as he kills the four avatars, isn't the treasure his!

If that's the case, then he will do his best!

At this moment, the earth-shattering cheers of everyone in Long Yuan came from below!

It turned out that when everyone saw that the mask blocked the first blow of Venerable Puyin, they immediately cheered with excitement!

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan seemed to see hope!

But at this moment, Venerable Puyin looked over again!

He was very disdainful of the cheers from Long Yuan's disciples!

With that palm just now, he didn't use his real strength at all!

Next, he will let these ants see his true strength!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Venerable Puyin suddenly slapped his second palm!

Boom~Long~Long~!

When that palm is shot, the universe moves, and time goes back!

Its momentum burst out in an instant, and it suddenly reached 3.5 trillion stars. In fact, there was an extra 1.5 trillion stars in the palm of one hand, which was nearly 80%!

Everyone in Long Yuan was completely stunned!

Swish~!

That palm fell suddenly!

Slap **** the mask!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Another three consecutive loud bangs~!

This time, that palm smashed three layers of masks in a row, and the remaining force fell straight to the Blue Star Realm!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Before a palm arrives, Tianwei arrives first!

That invisible palm power has already oppressed the earth and cracked everywhere!

The whole planet has begun to undergo earth-shattering changes!

I saw the mountains collapse! The river breaks!

Many volcanoes are also just around the corner, about to erupt!

If the remaining power of that palm falls, it will definitely blow up the entire planet!

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!

In the face of such a terrifying existence, they are powerless to struggle at all!

I can only watch helplessly, the Yu Wei of that palm smashes the planet!

They will also be blown to pieces in the explosion of the planet!

Just when everyone felt hopeless, the four avatars shot again!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the four avatars rose into the sky, all of them greeted that palm!

Venerable Pu Yin showed disdain in his eyes!

Without those three peak creation treasures, these four true gods still want to resist the Yuwei of his palm, which is a fool's dream!

At this moment, the four avatars have arrived under the giant palm!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the next breath, the four avatars will shoot together!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

A knowing strike is advanced!

The attack of the four suddenly doubled, and all of them reached about 1.5 trillion, and the momentum was shocking!

In the blink of an eye, the attacking momentum of the four avatars joined together, meeting the falling giant palm!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The universe exploded!

The road collapses!

The phantom sky-reaching giant palm was smashed to pieces on the spot!

But the Yueling clone, the ice spirit clone, and the wood spirit clone were also shot on the spot and turned into a blood fog!

The Mirage clone was wearing divine armor, and was not shot on the spot!

But he was also photographed with cracked flesh and blood, and the whole person was shot from a height of 10,000 feet, and a huge human-shaped pit was smashed on the ground!

He is only one line away from being shot!

This round of fights can be described as extremely tragic!

However, with the cooperation of the four avatars, they finally blocked the Yu Wei of that palm and saved the life of the entire planet!

This amazing scene once again shocked everyone!

At this moment, above the starry sky, Venerable Puyin was also shocked!

He never thought that the four true **** thieves actually blocked his palm and saved the planet once again!

Fortunately, he also shot three clones, which saved some face!

"I didn't expect that on this last planet, there are so many powerful juniors! No wonder, the two of them will be killed!"

Venerable Puyin felt a sigh in his heart and looked at the human-shaped giant pit below.

He could sense that the phantom avatar was not dead yet!

really!

As soon as he looked, he saw a figure covered in blood, slowly floating up from the giant human-shaped pit!

The Mirage Clone Appeared!

His body was cracked, covered in blood, and his aura was extremely sluggish!

Looking at its appearance, it is already exhausted!

"I didn't expect that you could block the two attacks of the deity in a row! If you can do this to such an extent, even if you die, that's enough to be proud of! Next, the deity will send you on your way!"

Pu Yin looked at the Mirage avatar with a proud face, and there was a hint of approval in the depths of his eyes.

However, it's more about being proud!

In his opinion, the Mirage distraction was injured by the power of the Great Dao, and it is impossible to recover from the injury in a short period of time. It is already dead.

Thinking of this, he stretched out his finger and wanted to kill the phantom avatar with one finger!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

But at this moment, a variety of avenues of aura lit up on the Mirage clone!

Immediately, his injuries recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the blink of an eye, he recovered from his injury and reached his peak again!

Venerable Puyin was immediately dumbfounded!

Does he have no dazzling eyes?

This kid has mastered the avenues of life, immortality, immortality, reincarnation, etc. to repair injuries!

You know, like that type of Dao, he doesn't even have a grasp of one!