Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

How can this kid have so many varieties?

Before Venerable Puyin could relax, the phantom avatar beckoned again!

Suddenly, the stars around him gathered to form three human-shaped light groups!

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Wood Spirit clone were resurrected by him, and all of them were at their peak!

Venerable Puyin was dumbfounded again!

Immediately, he was furious!

damn it!

After a long time, everything he did was useless!

These four boys are alive and kicking again!

"Damn ants! Try the deity again!"

This time, Venerable Puyin was completely angry!

Swish~!

As soon as the words fell, he had an extra green bamboo stick in his hand, which was his weapon of the avenue—six pure bamboos!

Om~!

At this moment, the 893 six pure bamboos lit up the heavenly light, illuminating the starry sky for hundreds of millions of miles!

Seeing this scene, the four avatars suddenly felt bad!

Whoo~!

But without waiting for them to think about it, Venerable Puyin swung his stick and pulled it directly towards the Blue Star Realm!

When the stick was swung, it turned into a giant stick with a length of hundreds of millions of miles. It stretched across the starry sky, and it was several times larger than the planet!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Click~! Click~! Click~! .

Wherever the rod wind passed, the starry sky was shattered, and the laws collapsed one after another!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that palm smashed into the sky above the Blue Star Realm and landed on the heads of the four avatars!

The momentum of that stick also erupted, and it suddenly reached 5 trillion stars, and the horror reached the extreme!

The face of the four clones changed greatly, and the eyes were full of horror!

Such a terrifying attack, they simply could not resist!

The people of Long Yuan also collapsed completely!

They also naturally sensed the power of that stick!

At this moment, everyone was powerless and could only watch the stick fall.

And Venerable Puyin's face is hideous!

He is completely angry!

This time, he will smash everything in front of him with one stick!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the stick was only ten thousand feet away from the four avatars, and it was about to smash down.

At this extremely critical moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

hum~~!

I saw above the sky, and suddenly the golden light was released, illuminating the universe!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The next second, a huge golden door of light slowly opened in the void!

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned and immediately ecstatic!

That is the door to the Holy Land opened!

Boss is going out!

"Hey~!"

Above the starry sky, Venerable Pu Yin was also shocked!

The Holy Land is closed at this moment!

Then Qin Feng is coming out!

He has to kill these four little thieves quickly!

Lest they join forces with Qin Feng, it would be troublesome!

Boom~Long~Long~!

With this in mind, Venerable Puyin slashed with all his might!

In the blink of an eye, the stick was above the heads of the four avatars, and the distance was only a hundred feet!

Swish~!

At this moment, a golden light flashed from the exit of the Holy Land, and a figure rushed out!

The next second, the stalwart figure teleported to the front of the four avatars and met the attack!

Chapter 939 Splitting with an axe! Six sense deprivation!

"Looking for death!" Pu Yin shouted fiercely!

He didn't have to think about it to know that it was Qin Feng!

That's exactly what he wants to kill!

At this moment, he was extremely jealous when he met an enemy, and the tyranny in his heart rose to the sky!

In the next breath, he will use all his fighting strength to smash the people who come with him with all his strength!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The momentum of that stick has skyrocketed by one point, suddenly reaching 5.5 trillion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Long Yuan was shocked up and down!

Originally 5 trillion combat power, they felt extremely terrifying, let alone 5.5 trillion!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, where the shadow of the stick passed, the void shattered, as if the world had opened up, and its momentum could definitely smash the planet with one stick!

Seeing that, the stick was only more than thirty feet away from the person who came!

That person is Qin Feng!

At this moment, Qin Feng also broke out instantly!

Om~!

At that moment, the Pantian Dao Axe in his hand lit up!

Seven Killing Divine Body! Activate instantly!

The power of luck is superimposed crazy!

In the blink of an eye, his aura reached 2.15 trillion stars!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he slashed out with an axe and met the bamboo stick!

Om~! Om~!

Dao Axe Skills! A heart attack! Launch at the same time!

That axe attack doubled, suddenly reaching 6.45 trillion stars!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Not only that, the four avatars also shot at the same time, all of them burst out with a knowing blow, and all the attacks reached 1.5 trillion stars!

At that moment, the five attacks simultaneously faced Pu Yin's blow!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Pu Yin's bamboo stick has been smashed down, and it is only ten feet away from Qin Feng!

At this moment, he had a grim smile on his face, and his eyes were grim!

In his opinion, his bamboo stick will definitely be able to smash Qin Feng and the four avatars together!

Not to mention Qin Feng, even an ordinary half-step eternity would not be able to resist his blow!

Not all half-step eternity can have the device of the avenue like him!

It is precisely because of the presence of the 'Article of the Great Way' that he dares to fight against some weaker half-step eternal peaks!

With this thought, Pu Yin became more confident and his attack speed increased by one point!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The whole planet trembled!

In the next second, Pu Yin groaned, was slashed out of the Blue Star Realm by an axe, rolled and flew thousands of miles away!

Even the six pure bamboos in his hand were knocked out!

Long Yuan was dumbfounded when he looked up and down!

There was dead silence in the field!

But in the next second, they could see that it was Qin Feng, and they immediately unleashed earth-shattering cheers!

"God! That's the master!"

"Wow! The boss slashed the old man with one axe!"

"Haha! It's great~"!"

At this moment, everyone was so excited that it was beyond words!

On the other side, the hundreds of power leaders who had been watching were completely dumbfounded!

Oh my God!

Master Qin Feng actually smashed a half-step Eternal with an axe? !

is this real?

At this moment, they just feel that their brains are not enough!

At the same time, after Qin Feng smashed Fei Puyin with an axe, he wanted to chase and kill him.

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, his eyes were on the six pure bamboos that were knocked flying!

The aura of heaven, earth and spiritual roots emanating from it is extremely strong!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he thought of something, he quickly stepped forward and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, he teleported thousands of miles away, right next to the six pure bamboos!

Without saying a word, he grabbed six pure bamboos in one fell swoop!

Om~!

The six pure bamboos were full of spirituality, and they trembled violently!

Qin Feng thought about it and launched the secret technique