Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

hum~~!

In the next second, a faint white light lit up in his palm!

The Daoguang on the six pure bamboos suddenly struggled even more violently.

Tiandao also sent a reminderVIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

[You are launching the Dao plunder on the 'six pure bamboos']

【Road plundering succeeded! You have gained a new avenue - the avenue of vision]

what! It worked!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

hum~!

At this moment, the six pure bamboos let out a whimper!

The aura above it also dimmed a little!

However, this Spirit Bamboo is a tool for the avenues, containing more than ten avenues!

Losing just one avenue cannot hurt its roots!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng launched the secret technique again, and the palm of his hand lit up with white light again.

[You are launching the Dao plunder on the 'six pure bamboos']

【Road plundering succeeded! You have gained a new avenue - the avenue of ear knowledge]

Another successful raid!

Qin Feng was surprised!

However, his 'dao plundering' magical power is still at the primary level!

The avenue plunder of the same target can only be performed twice!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Qin Feng's body lit up with a new aura, and his momentum began to increase.

At the same moment, Venerable Puyin finally stabilized his figure!

When he stabilized, he immediately raised his head and looked at Qin Feng in horror!

He couldn't believe that he was at a disadvantage in the fight just now!

And when he saw it, he was instantly furious!

I saw Qin Feng holding six pure bamboos in one hand and closing his eyes slightly, as if he wanted to plunder his weapon of the avenue!

Venerable Pu Yin suddenly laughed angrily!

Once the device of the avenue is recognized as its master, it must not be plundered!

This point, even the eternal realm can't do it, let alone Qin Feng's true **** realm!

Unless the original owner dies, it is possible for the avenue device to recognize the master again!

This little thief is so ignorant!

With this in mind, Venerable Puyin raised his numb arm and began to move the seal.

Qin Feng's previous axe was so terrifying that it not only knocked his bamboo stick, but also numb his arm!

In the blink of an eye, Venerable Puyin completed the seal!

huh~!

The six pure bamboos in Qin Feng's hand suddenly turned into a blue light and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, it appeared in front of Venerable Puyin!

It turns out that after the 'Tool of the Great Way' recognizes the master, the master can use Space Summon to summon it to his side!

Even if you are forcibly imprisoned, it is difficult to stop it!

Seeing the bamboo stick escaping back, Pu Yin immediately grabbed it into his hand with a proud expression!

He didn't realize that the six pure bamboos had already lost two avenues!

At this moment, Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and there was a hint of joy in his eyes.

Just now, he awakened two new avenues, and his basic combat power reached 11.6 billion stars in one fell swoop!

In other words, his combat power has finally broken through 1 trillion stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[It has been detected that your combat power has exceeded 1 trillion stars, reaching the standard of being promoted to 'Heaven's Substitute (Elementary)']

【Your title is being promoted】

[Congratulations on the successful fusion of your title 'Ultimate Preacher' and title 'Ultimate Destiny'! You have been promoted to 'Heaven's Substitute (Junior)'! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Substitute (primary) successfully! You get 300 million star power blessing! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Substitute (primary) successfully! Double the speed of your Enlightenment Scrolls! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Substitute (primary) successfully! You double the speed of refining Dao Crystal! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Substitute (primary) successfully! Your supernatural power 'Seven Killing Divine Body' has been promoted to the highest level! 】

[Seven Killing Divine Body (No Superior): When it is turned on, its attack power skyrockets by 10%, and it lasts for 10 hours! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Substitute (primary) successfully! Your supernatural power 'Dao Plunder' has been promoted to the intermediate level! 】

[Road plunder (intermediate): You can forcibly plunder the avenues contained in the target, and each target can be plundered three times! 】

[Reminder: The plundering of the intermediate avenues can not only plunder the spiritual roots, but also extract the avenues from all the corpses, and the number of times is also three times! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

He was finally promoted to a junior heaven substitute, and took the first step to become the way of heaven!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that his whole body burst out with momentum and began to soar wildly all the way!

The 300 million star reward is here!

Qin Feng closed his eyes immediately and happily accepted the reward

This scene naturally fell into the eyes of Venerable Puyin.

"." Hey! Why did the little thief close his eyes?"

Pu Yin looked puzzled.

It stands to reason that he is at a disadvantage now, and this little thief should take advantage of the victory and pursue it!

Why did he suddenly close his eyes and do nothing!

Is he incapable of succeeding?

right!

After all, this little thief is only a real god!

He must have used all means for the strike just now, and now he can no longer deliver a second strike.

At this time, he closed his eyes, he should be waiting for the cooling time of the secret technique!

Thinking of this, Venerable Puyin's eyes suddenly lit up, thinking that he had grasped the point, revealing the color of ecstasy!

While you are sick! kill you!

Since this little thief is powerless, then take this opportunity to kill him!

"Haha! Little thief! You must be powerless!"

Venerable Puyin burst into laughter!

Qin Feng ignored it and still closed his eyes to accept the increase in combat power!

Seeing this, Venerable Puyin became more and more sure of his judgment!

This little thief is unable to follow up, so he dare not answer!

That being the case, why is he hesitating!

huh~!

Thinking of this, Pu Yin made a dodge, and he escaped to a thousand feet away!

In the next breath, he appeared above Qin Feng's head!

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Venerable Puyin slammed the stick with all his strength and smashed at Qin Feng frantically!

Om~!

At that moment, the six pure bamboo daoguang beams were released and turned into giant sticks, illuminating hundreds of millions of stars!

The momentum of that stick is like opening up the world, and it is terrifying to the extreme!

At this moment, Qin Feng finally accepted the reward and slowly opened his eyes

Chapter Nine hundred and fortieth Nine Heavens Starry Sky! Endless looting!

As soon as he opened his eyes, Qin Feng saw the bamboo stick coming towards him, and a sneer appeared in his eyes!

The fight was too hasty before, and he didn't have time to exert his strongest combat power!

But this time is different!

He has plenty of time!

What's more, he has just obtained 300 million combat power, and the basic combat power has skyrocketed to 1.3 trillion stars, and the combination of human and machine is 1.4 trillion stars!

The Seven Killing Divine Physique has reached the supreme level, and the increase has reached 100%!

If that's the case, then he will give Venerable Puyin a fatal blow!

Om~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's whole body shines brightly!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, the muscles of his whole body skyrocketed, and the monstrous killing intent rose to the sky!

God **** it! Kill the land! Kill all beings!

Supreme Seven Killing Divine Body! Motivated instantly!

His momentum instantly soared to 2.8 trillion!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, 171,000 times the power of luck was activated!

The combat power has increased by 171 billion stars!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment again, fourteen white lights lit up on Qin Feng's body one after another!

His momentum has skyrocketed all the way, and in the blink of an eye, his combat power has skyrocketed by about 3.3 billion!

That was the power of sacrifice he obtained from Ran Deng, Ming He, Di Jiang, Hou Tu and others!

So far, his combat power has reached 3.3 trillion stars!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Venerable Puyin's stick came with all his strength!