Wherever the stick wind passed, the starry sky was shattered, the laws collapsed one after another, and its power and momentum reached 5 trillion stars!

"Hey! This is"

At this moment, Venerable Pu Yin vaguely felt that something was wrong!

You must know that his attack can reach 5.5 trillion stars!

Why did it only reach 5 trillion stars this time?

Suddenly, 500 million attack power was lost!

What exactly is going on?

Venerable Pu Yin has not noticed, that is because the six pure bamboos are missing two avenues, and the power of the increase has been weakened!

But don't wait for him to think about it, the mutation ahead will regenerate!

893 Om~! Om~! Om~!

I saw behind Qin Feng, the six world illusions of heaven, ghost world, hell, human world, Shura, and beast way appeared in succession!

Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven! Activate instantly!

The attack increase has skyrocketed by 20%!

Now, Qin Feng has awakened the Six Realms Avenue, so the six prisons have been completed, and the attack can be increased by 20%!

But it's not over!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The Pantian Dao Axe lit up again with the Dao light of the heavens!

Attack increase, another ten percent!

So far, that axe's attack has skyrocketed by 30%!

Swish~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng slashed out with an axe!

That axe attacking momentum suddenly reached 13.2 trillion stars!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Pu Yin's stick has been smashed down!

He still looks grim and full of confidence!

In his opinion, this little thief has closed his eyes for so long, and he is absolutely unable to use the second blow, lingering there!

This time, he can definitely kill this little thief with one stick!

Thinking of this, the smashing speed of that stick increased by another point!

In the blink of an eye, an axe and a stick intersect!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The starry sky shakes! The world is broken!

The two arms of Puyin were regarded as shock explosions!

The spirit staff even flew instantly!

But all this is not over yet, the remaining power of that axe continues to chop down!

Swish~!

Axe light swept across the starry sky!

Slashed **** Pu Yin's chest!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split it in half with one axe!

That horrific roar!

Reverberate in the stars!

In the distance, Long Yuan was completely dumbfounded!

Oh my god~!

The boss actually split a half-step eternity with an axe!

The leaders of those forces saw their brains go blank, and they were so shocked that they completely lost their ability to think!

It was at this moment that Venerable Puyin, who had been split in two halves, his two halves of the corpse exuded a lot of spiritual light, and then quickly converged, wanting to be resurrected!

How could Qin Feng let him do his best!

He waved his axe and slashed wildly at the two halves of the corpse!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, he chopped out dozens of axes and chopped the corpse of Venerable Napuyin into nearly a hundred pieces!

The screams of Pu Yin continued to be heard from the corpse!

Every time he took an axe, his soul body was injured by one point!

Half-step eternity! Very difficult to kill!

But in Qin Feng's crazy slashing, his soul breath was weakened by 30%!

Pu Yin finally couldn't bear it anymore, and the corpses exploded one after another, turning into a blood mist all over the sky.

Afterwards, those blood mists gathered together and rolled, still struggling, trying to condense into a human form!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, white light flashed next to the blood mist!

The three avatars of Yueling, Woodling and Bingling appeared!

As soon as they appeared, they immediately bombarded the blood fog with all their strength to prevent the resurrection of the general cited!

At the same time, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly cracked, and the light of heaven's punishment burst out again and again.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Three times in a row, the light of heaven's punishment penetrated the blood mist, and also penetrated the soul body of Pu Yin!

In the blood mist, there was an incomparably shrill scream!

Venerable Napuyin's spirit body momentum even accelerated and fell!

"Little thief! How dare you hurt the deity! Then you are dead! The old man's senior brother and the master of the light domain will be here soon! They are all half-step eternal peaks, and they are definitely not something you can deal with!"

In the blood fog, there was a hysterical roar from Pu Yin!

Up to now, he actually wanted to use this to threaten Qin Feng, and wanted to scare Qin Feng away quickly, so that he could save the wreckage!

Qin Feng is naturally too lazy to pay attention!

He sneered, his eyebrows flashed, and he continued to launch the Heavenly Punishment attack!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

One after another, the rays of punishment from the sky penetrated the blood fog!

The blood mist continued to spread, and Pu Yin screamed and screamed!

His soul aura is falling madly!

"Little... little thief! Do you really think you can kill the old man? Tell you! The old man has a last resort!"

Only after these words fell, the six pure bamboos in the distance seemed to be summoned, and suddenly lit up with aura!

Swish~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed next to the six pure bamboos!

The Mirage clone teleported!

As soon as he appeared, he grabbed Lingzhu!

Om~!

The six pure bamboos struggled violently!

The palm of the Mirage clone also lit up with white light at the same time.

Qin Feng's mind also came to Tiandao's reminder

[Your clone is launching the Dao plunder on the 'six pure bamboos']

【Road plundering succeeded! You have gained a new avenue—the avenue of consciousness]

The avenue plunder was successful!

It turns out that Qin Feng's Dao plundering magical power has been promoted to the intermediate level, and the number of plundering has been increased to 3 times!

Hugh~!

Just as the phantom avatar had just finished plundering, the six pure bamboos turned into blue light and disappeared out of thin air!

The next breath, it teleported to the blood mist, and plunged into the blood mist!

Immediately afterwards, the roar of Pu Yin came from the blood fog!

"Little thief! This old man will let you know what Taoist magical powers are - deprivation of the six senses!"

Om~!

As soon as the voice fell, the six pure bamboos in the blood mist exuded invisible magical power, which instantly enveloped the starry sky!

"Six senses deprivation, the first sense - tactile deprivation!"

Om~!

Another roar of heaven and earth!

The invisible power shrouded Qin Feng!

He suddenly felt a strange change in himself.

At this moment, he felt no pain, no time change, no attack fluctuations.

He has lost all sense of touch!

At this moment, even if someone cut him into two pieces, he wouldn't feel anything because he didn't feel any pain.

This strange feeling shocked Qin Feng, and even the attack in his hand stopped!

The same is true for the three avatars!

Without the sense of touch, they all have the illusion that their bodies are not their own, and even attacks are difficult to control!

At this time, the voice of Pu Yin came from the blood fog again.

"Six senses deprivation, second sense - smell deprivation!"

Om~!

The power of invisible supernatural powers shrouded again!

Qin Feng suddenly lost his sense of smell, and could no longer smell the blood in front of him!

This fleshly body is less and less like his own!

"Six senses deprivation, the third sense - taste deprivation!"

The power of magic strikes again!

Qin Feng also lost his sense of taste, his body became more and more numb, and he became more and more incompatible with his soul!

"Six senses deprivation, fourth sense - hearing deprivation!"

The power of supernatural power strikes!

invalid!