Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng can still hear it!

"Six senses deprivation, fifth sense - visual deprivation!"

The power of supernatural power strikes!

Invalid again!

Qin Feng's vision is still here!

"Six sense deprivation, sixth sense - consciousness deprivation!"

The power of invisible supernatural powers, mighty attack!

This is the most terrifying move among the six sense deprivation!

Deprived of consciousness, if you forcibly seal your thoughts, people can't think!

Then don't let anyone slaughter it!

In the blink of an eye, the magical power enveloped Qin Feng's whole body!

Consciousness deprived!

It turned out to be ineffective!

It turns out that Qin Feng has successively plundered the three avenues of eye consciousness, ear consciousness and consciousness from the 'six pure bamboos'!

This makes the six senses of the 'six pure bamboos' deprive them of their magical powers, and the last three lose their magical powers!

Pu Yin didn't notice it yet, but he still used it!

After this display, he saw that Qin Feng and the three clones had stopped attacking, and he was overjoyed, thinking that his magical power had been successfully launched!

"Little thief! I'm afraid you didn't expect that the old man's Taoist device still has such magical powers! Now you have been deprived of your six senses! You are no longer cold or warm, you don't know the pain, you can only let me slaughter it! Haha!"

At this moment, Pu Yin's arrogant laughter came from the blood fog!

He thought he could make a comeback!

But as soon as his voice fell, Qin Feng's voice sounded in the field!

"Not necessarily!"

Pu Yin was stunned for a moment!

Is this kid answering me?

Did he hear me?

Wasn't he deprived of his hearing?

How can you hear yourself speak?

General shock!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng raised his eyes to look at the blood mist with a playful look in his eyes.

The expression seemed to be looking at a fool, and there was no sign of deprivation of vision at all!

"How is this possible! How can you still see!"

Pu Yin screamed in horror!

Qin Feng sneered, and his brows lit up again!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The innate Daoguang blazed out to the blood mist again!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The three clones also shot again, bombarding the blood fog with all their strength!

"Ah~~! No~~!"

A shrill roar resounded from the blood mist again!

At this moment, Pu Yin's screams revealed despair!

Obviously, his six sense deprivation failed!

With this magical power, all six senses can be captured, in order to show great power!

If you lose a sense, it will break the standard!

What's more, his magical powers are missing three senses!

"No~! No~! Qin Feng, you can't kill the old man! The old man's senior brother is coming, he will not let you go! Ah~~!"

Pu Yin roared and threatened!

Qin Feng ignored it and continued to blast Daoguang frantically!

The three clones are also attacking frantically!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour has passed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound finally came from the blood fog!

Pu Yin's soul body finally couldn't bear it, and it was completely broken!

That shrill roar came from the blood mist, echoing in the starry sky!

Chapter 941 The Lord of the Sanctuary! The supervisor was shocked!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound finally came from the blood fog!

Pu Yin's soul body finally couldn't bear it, and it was completely broken!

That shrill roar came from the blood mist, echoing in the starry sky!

Immediately, the blood mist began to disperse, and the six pure bamboos were revealed!

Beside it, there is a dazzling yellow-light group!

That is the true spirit of Venerable Puyin!

A powerhouse with more than half-step eternity, even if the soul body collapses, there is still a true spirit!

Look at the true spirit of Puyin again, it is dazzling and full of spirituality!

Unlike quasi-half-step eternity, after the soul body is destroyed, the mind of the true spirit is incomplete!

A half-step eternal true spirit with a complete mind!

Just when Qin Feng looked at it, the real spirit trembled and showed fear!

huh~!

Suddenly, a light flashed!

That true spirit was sucked into the six pure bamboos

Seeing this, Qin Feng quickly shot!

Boom~!

I saw him suddenly with an axe and slashed towards the true spirit.

But the true spirit was beside the six pure bamboos, and with just one breath, it got into the spirit bamboo and disappeared!

Qin Feng's axe immediately slashed into the air and directly hit the six clean bamboos!

When~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

The six pure bamboos were smashed by an axe and flew out!

Qin Feng was about to hunt down, but the six pure bamboos turned into a blue light and disappeared out of thin air!

In a radius of hundreds of millions of miles, there is no trace of its breath!

Qin Feng was also very helpless!

The instruments of the avenue are all spiritual!

Just now, the six pure bamboos automatically protected their masters and sucked away the true spirit of Venerable Puyin, and he couldn't stop it!

Even if he caught six pure bamboos, there was no way to imprison them, let alone make them recognize their masters.

Don't say it's him, even the Eternal Realm can't do it!

In fact, Qin Feng had expected such a result!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You killed the sinner 'Puyin Venerable' (half-step eternity), and you gained +90 trillion points of energy! 】

[You killed the sinner 'Puyin Venerable' (half-step eternity), and your body has obtained +30,000 gold judgment points]

[You killed a half-step eternal power for the first time, and you took +50,000 reputation points! 】

【Your level is promoted to level 98】

【Your level is promoted to level 99】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 97 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 98 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body continuously lit up with upgraded white light!

Both his rank and vocation have been promoted two levels in a row!

In addition, he also gained 50,000 reputation points, bringing his reputation to 2.04 million points!

It surprised him!

However, his gains are more than that!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved at the blood mist

huh~!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The next second, a golden storage ring flew out of the blood mist!

That is the storage ring of Venerable Puyin!

As soon as he got the storage ring, Qin Feng probed into it.

After a while, a look of surprise appeared on his face.

Venerable Puyin is indeed a half-step eternal power!

The resources in this storage ring are so rich!

Among them, he wants to create the main material of the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' - the nine-day starry sky stone.

Qin Feng has his own universe!

As long as he is promoted to the master of the intermediate universe, he can create the gods list of his own universe, and let all his subordinates be promoted to the real **** realm!

That would be of great help to him!

After all, he still has to cultivate three thousand star field masters in the small universe.

The Lord of the Three Thousand Star Regions corresponds to the Three Thousand Avenues!

The Lord of the Star Territory can also sacrifice combat power to Qin Feng!

Then Qin Feng naturally hopes that the stronger the strength of the star field master, the better!

Therefore, he must create the Fengchan Heavenly Monument of his own universe, so that his subordinates can improve their realm and strength!

For this reason, Qin Feng has been worrying about where to find the Jiutian Star Stone, which is the main material of the Fengchan Heaven Monument!

Unexpectedly, Venerable Puyin sent it to him!