Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled and put away the storage ring with satisfaction

There are still many rare resources in the storage ring, but he has no time to take inventory.

After putting away the storage ring, Qin Feng waved his hand again, and the blood mist in front of him quickly condensed.

After a while, a dilapidated corpse emerged!

That is the corpse of Venerable Puyin, and there is no life energy on it, but the spiritual light of Dao Yun condenses and does not disperse!

Half-step eternity is extraordinary!

Even if the soul body collapses, the rhythm of the flesh body does not dissipate

Qin Feng took a rough look, and there are at least twenty kinds of avenues of aura it contains.

He hurriedly stepped forward, put one hand on the corpse, and launched avenue plunder

[You are launching avenue loot on a giant corpse (half-step eternity)]

【Road plundering succeeded! You have obtained a new avenue - Buddha Heart Avenue]

【Road plundering succeeded! You have obtained a new avenue - the Bodhi Avenue]

【Road plundering succeeded! You have obtained a new avenue - avenue of aspirations]

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng obtained three avenues from the corpse!

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed, and the three-color avenue of aura also lit up on his body.

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

He awakened three avenues again, and the number of avenues under his control reached 243!

He is very satisfied with this!

Then, he looked at the corpse in front of him again!

The avenues contained in this corpse have not been extracted yet, but the number of times he can advance has reached the upper limit!

It would be a pity if the corpse was thrown away like this!

what! correct!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

In the next second, he made a series of tactic, hitting the corpse with a series of seals, sealing it up.

After doing this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and then put away the corpse.

His pillage avenue can be upgraded!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

That being the case, he can seal the corpse and extract it after the supernatural power is upgraded.

This is another intangible resource!

"Hoo~! It's finally finished here!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked around again, and after confirming that there were no omissions, he disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared in the sky above the Blue Star Realm!

At this moment, there is a faint smell of blood wafting in the atmosphere

His heart moved and he waved his hand!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the wind is blowing!

Threads of blood mist emerged in the atmosphere, and actively gathered into two groups, and the more they gathered, the more

After a while, the two blood mists turned into two corpses, the corpses of **** and Mary.

Qin Feng hurried forward and began to extract

[You are launching avenue plunder on a corpse (the pinnacle of the **** king)]

【Road plundering succeeded! You have gained a new avenue - the bright avenue]

【Road plundering succeeded! You got a new avenue - the Sacred Heart Avenue]

Got the road again!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

In this way, he extracted the two corpses

After a few moments, everything is extracted!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes!

From the two corpses, he gained a total of 6 avenues.

So far, he has mastered 249 avenues, and his basic combat power has increased to 1.31 trillion stars!

The harvest is very good!

Then, he released two golden flames at will, turning the two corpses into ashes!

Although the corpse of Yashen contains 5 avenues, Maria has 4 avenues!

But after the three avenues were extracted, the remaining avenues, Qin Feng had already awakened, and had no value to retain.

After doing this, Qin Feng turned to look at the floating city, and saw the disciples of Long Yuan flying towards him

Leaders such as Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, and Granny Feng Qi are at the forefront of the team!

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

In just a moment, everyone flew to the front, surrounded Qin Feng like the stars holding the moon, and greeted them with great excitement!

He is the backbone of everyone in Longyuan!

His return, waiting for Ruo Longyuan to have a soul again!

Qin Feng also smiled and looked at everyone!

Seeing this, he was quite pleased!

Long Yuan has made great progress up and down, and all of his 100,000 disciples have reached the False God realm.

"Boss! Your strength is too strong now! That old man was a half-step eternal existence! You actually killed him!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan said with great excitement.

He couldn't express his excitement.

"Yeah! If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it!"

Granny Feng Qi couldn't help but sigh.

Qin Feng sighed: "Half-step eternity is not easy to kill! Although I destroyed Venerable Puyin's body and soul, his true spirit escaped! However, if a ray of true spirit escapes, it is impossible to turn the tide. Come!"

·

Liu Xuan smiled complacently: "Of course! This time he escaped for his life and returned, he will definitely not dare to come back to find trouble!"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "Not necessarily! That guy's origin is not simple! In fact, our crisis has not been resolved! This Venerable General is just taking the lead! Behind him, two half-step eternal peaks will arrive!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, everyone's face changed greatly!

Immediately, Liu Xuan was surprised: "Boss! Why are these half-step eternal powers targeting us like this?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "It's a long story at this time, and I'll talk about it when the crisis is over! Before, I deduced the secret, and it is estimated that in an hour and a half, those two will be able to arrive!"

"Hurry up and prepare! After a while, the four clones will transfer you into my small universe center, so that you can avoid risks for the time being! I can't guarantee that in the next battle, this Blue Star Realm will still exist!"

"As long as you enter the small universe, I have no worries! Even if I can't match those two, I can escape!"

After hearing this, everyone's expressions changed slightly, and they were too scared to speak!

They have realized that the next battle will be the most terrifying!

Even the boss has no confidence!

However, Qin Feng was really in the dark.

If he was only dealing with a half-step eternal peak, he would dare to fight against one!

In the face of two half-step eternal peaks, he is not sure.

If those two also possessed the Great Way, it would be even more impossible for him to win!

However, if he wants to escape, he can still do it!

The current situation is much better than he expected!

Becoming a 'replacer for heaven' has given him a reborn improvement in strength, and also has the confidence to break through this crisis!

"Right! Boss, you just said you already have your own universe?"

At this time, Liu Xuan suddenly discovered this problem, and his tone was quite shocking!

Universe!

How existential that is!

How can the boss have a universe?

His mind can't even turn around!

Not only him, Long Yuan all looked shocked!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's a long story! I'll explain it later!"

"Oh! By the way, boss, since you have a universe, can you move this Blue Star Realm into it? After all, this Blue Star Realm is the foundation of our Longyuan development, and we have deep feelings for it!"

"If it is bombed in the next battle! That's it!"

Speaking of this, Liu Xuan couldn't help sighing!

The crowd also sighed!

Everyone has developed feelings for this Blue Star Realm, which is equivalent to their hometown!

If it is destroyed, the memory of the once weak childhood will be gone!

Sometimes, the hardest thing to give up is a feeling!

Just like the feelings of Long Yuan's children towards Long Bi!

Qin Feng looked at the Blue Star Realm below and felt reluctant.

He didn't want the planet to be destroyed either!

But he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to keep the planet under the siege of two and a half steps of eternal peak.

Thinking of this, he sighed: "Hey! This planet is the product of this universe! If you want to move it to another dimension, you must get the authority of this universe, that is, become the star master of this planet. !"

"Currently, I'm not the star master of the Blue Star Realm! I can destroy it and even move it hundreds of millions of miles away, but I can't move it into my small universe!"

Hearing this, everyone was stunned!

"So this is ah!"

"That's a pity!"

Everyone is sorry!

"That's it! There's not much time, you go to prepare! By the way, Liu Xuan, you go and gather all the forces that support our Long Yuan! When the time comes, send them into my universe together!"

Having said that, Qin Feng looked into the distance.

I saw that the hundreds of power leaders were looking at him in awe, they didn't even dare to breathe, and they didn't even have the courage to approach!

Now, in their hearts, Qin Feng is comparable to the existence of the creation gods, and it can no longer be described by looking up!

For these forces that support their own side, Qin Feng naturally wants to keep them!

"Boss, I'm going right now!"