Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Liu Xuan also took the lead.

As soon as the voice fell, he flew towards the leaders of the forces.

Seeing that Qin Feng had finished dealing with the trivial matters, he flickered and disappeared in place.

He has returned to the center of the small universe!

Now, he wants to seize the last bit of time and improve his strength in order to solve the crisis and keep the Blue Star Realm Spoon.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chapter nine hundred and forty-two, the nine-turn revival! The pool of reincarnation!

At this moment, the center of the small universe.

In a secret cultivation room, a white light lit up.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared!

This appearance, he muttered in his heart.

Venerable Puyin is only half a step into eternity, and his strength is so powerful!

I don't know how strong are the Receptionist Venerable and the Light Domain Master who are at the peak of half a step?

correct! He has been promoted to the substitute of heaven!

That should have changed the situation a little bit, right?

With this in mind, Qin Feng hand-picked the hexagram formula and deduced it on the spot!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Suddenly, his fingertips flashed with golden light!

The secret is constantly running, and the avenue is invisible and changing!

Immediately afterwards, one after another hexagrams appeared at his fingertips, and they all turned into nothingness.

After a while, the Tianji calculation is complete!

Qin Feng's eyes showed a touch of joy!

Everything is as he expected!

After being promoted to the substitute of heaven, his success rate of breaking the game this time has reached 50%!

However, 50% is still unreliable!

In particular, the probability of the Blue Star Realm being destroyed has reached over 70%!

This is definitely not what he wants to see!

The Blue Star Realm is his foundation in the outer universe, and it is also his identity certificate in the universe!

Emperor Qing once gave him a storage ring, which contained some information that Tianzun left him.

According to the information, if he wants to obtain the inheritance of the trial domain master, he must obtain some special status.

Either the master of the star field or the master of the sanctuary!

Only the Lord of the Star Domain or the Lord of the Sanctuary can inherit the inheritance of the Lord of the Universe, which is the inheritance of the Lord of the Judgment Domain.

The competition for the master of the star field is too complicated and cumbersome, and it will not happen overnight.

Qin Feng can't wait!

The Lord of the Sanctuary is specially prepared for challengers.

Qin Feng is the challenger!

As a challenger who came in from a parallel universe, he was favored by Heaven.

As long as Qin Feng promotes Longyuan City to Longyuan Sanctuary, he is the Lord of the Sanctuary, and he is qualified to inherit the Lord of the Universe!

And want to promote Longyuan City to Longyuan Sanctuary, at present Longyuan City is only one last condition.

That is Qin Feng's promotion to star master, to obtain the identity recognition of this universe!

Three days later, the Star Lord will be assessed, and Qin Feng must go there...

In short, Qin Feng must keep the Blue Star Realm.

If the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, he cannot become the Lord of the Sanctuary!

If he cannot become the Lord of the Sanctuary, he cannot inherit the inheritance of the Lord of the Judgment Domain, nor can he become the Lord of this universe.

Qin Feng sighed in his heart.

correct!

He also deduced that Venerable Puyin and the Lord of the Light Domain would arrive in an hour, half an hour earlier than his previous estimate.

Could it be that they sensed the fall of Venerable Puyin and accelerated the speed

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

It seems that he has to quickly refine the Dao Crystal and improve some strength.

Only when his strength is improved can he have a greater hope of keeping the Blue Star Realm, and also his chance to obtain the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master!

With this in mind, Qin Feng hurriedly sat cross-legged, preparing to refine Daojing

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: It is detected that you have become a substitute (primary)! The title of Tianzhe (intermediate) is automatically activated! 】

[The promotion conditions for the substitute (intermediate) are as follows]

[Promoted to the intermediate level 'Master of the Universe'! 】

[Basic combat power reaches 2 trillion stars! 】

[The luck value reaches 100,000 times! 】

[Reputation reaches 20,000 points! 】

[The level reaches level 1 and becomes a full-level human! 】

Huh~! The title task is activated!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

Becoming a junior substitute for heaven made him soar his combat power by 300 million!

If you become a mid-level Heaven Replacer, you will definitely increase your combat power even more.

Judging from these tips, his prestige and luck have reached the standard!

His level is level 99, which is only one level away from the full human level.

The most difficult thing should be the upgrade of the basic combat power and the Lord of the Universe!

correct! Good luck!

As soon as he saw the luck reminder, Qin Feng suddenly thought of something.

Tiandao once reminded that when his luck value reaches 99999 times, he will reach the eternal state of luck and get unexpected benefits.

Now, his luck has reached an eternal state, which can only be increased but not weakened. Even the boss of the eternal realm can't do anything about him.

But what is the unexpected benefit?

Qin Feng didn't feel it!

Could it be that he did not meet the trigger criteria?

Qin Feng thought for a while, then shook his head, having no clue.

It seems that he is going to explore slowly in the future!

Having said that, luck has entered a half-step eternity, and without special means, it cannot be shaken by half a point.

Entering the eternal realm, even more so!

And the device of the avenue can suppress the luck, it can make the master's luck enter a half-step eternal state.

Therefore, after Qin Feng killed Venerable Puyin, he did not absorb the luck.

Because of Pu Yin's luck, it has been tamed by six pure bamboos, and wrapped in true spirits and taken away.

He didn't want to do so much anymore, he had to hurry up and retreat!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was a Taiqing Daojing in his palm.

He was about to refine, when Tiandao sent a reminder

[Your mind body refined Taiqing Daojing (gravity) successfully! You begin to awaken the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of gravity]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's aura soared, and a new avenue of aura emerged from his body!

He was quite surprised!

But before he was happy, the jade plate of good fortune was activated.

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Gravity Avenue', and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: It is detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 250, which meets the advanced requirements and automatically opens the advanced level]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 6 to rank 7! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 7th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 8%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 7th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 8%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 7th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 200 million stars! 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

His good fortune jade plate has been upgraded again!

In this way, he refines the Dao Crystal faster!

This will help him a lot in the next crisis!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed wildly.

After a long time, the 200 million increase in combat power was over!

Qin Feng also opened his eyes with joy!

So far, his basic combat power has reached 1.33 trillion stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

Of course, these are not enough!

He has to keep improving!

Thinking of the foundation, Qin Feng closed his eyes again and began to refine the Daojing in his hand.

In this way, Qin Feng opened the retreat

At the same time, Ran Deng, Ming He, Di Jiang, Jumang and others were also racing against time to retreat.

They also have a lot of Dao crystals in their hands, and they are hurrying to refine them.

That is also a way to help Qin Feng to speed up the acquisition of the road

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm.

The four avatars have begun to transfer Long Yuan's children and send them to the center of the small universe

Liu Xuan, Elder Qishan, Granny Feng Qi, and others are hurrying to gather the children who have taken refuge in the forces.

The entire Blue Star Realm entered a tense atmosphere

At the same time, in the center of the Azure Dragon Star Region, there is an incomparably huge galaxy.

That galaxy has thirty-six huge planets, and the volume of each planet is 10,000 times the size of the Blue Star Realm.

And the thirty-six giant planets are surrounded by thousands of moon stars.

The size of each moon star is comparable to that of the Blue Star Realm.