Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Fire King was so angry that his eyes were blood red.

It knows this human's means of attack, just enough to restrain its subordinates.

Strong offensive means does not mean strong defense.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It firmly believes that as long as it can get close to Qin Feng, it will be able to instantly turn Qin Feng into ashes.

It can't be believed that a level 14 human can withstand the temperature of the white flame that is ten thousand degrees.

Boom~Long~Long!

The Fire King got closer and closer, and he was only ten meters away from Qin Feng in the blink of an eye.

But Qin Feng has killed more than 2,000 fire spirits.

The Fire King looked more and more anxious, and rushed forward desperately.

With its low intelligence and contempt for human beings, it does not understand what it means to avoid its edge.

In a blink of an eye, the Fire King finally came to Qin Feng.

Damn humans!

go to hell!

It roared angrily, turned into a monstrous white flame, and instantly swallowed Qin Feng.

roar~!

But in the next second, it roared miserably and retracted into the air.

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body was filled with black flames and turned into a flame war god.

Hellfire is his strongest defense!

Can resist the invasion of white flames!

roar~! roar~!

The Fire King realized at this moment that he had made a strategic mistake.

It roared unwillingly and withdrew to the lake of fire.

But at this moment, its more than 3,000 subordinates have been wiped out, and only its bare commander is running away.

"Oh! Can you escape?"

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and chased after the Fire King.

This Fire Spirit King is a bit special. The ice storm doesn't do much damage to it, because the temperature of the flame it turns is too high, and the ice arrow and the snow blade will melt most of them as soon as they get close.

At the same time, it is incorporeal, and physical attacks have no effect on it.

It is extremely difficult to kill it!

However, Qin Feng knows how to deal with it.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng caught up with the Fire King.

He took out the wind-marked blade and stroked the blade with his palm.

Boom~!

Above the blade, a raging flame ignited.

Swish~!

The next second, he slashed at the Fire King.

Black fire flashes!

The blade of wind marks crossed the body of the Fire King.

roar~!

The Fire King roared in pain, his momentum plummeting by 10%.

It is not afraid of ice storms or physical 897 attacks, but it is afraid of the power of darkness contained in the flames of hell.

At the moment, it roared in pain and continued to flee into the lava lake.

As long as it escapes back to the lava lake, it can be saved and can quickly recover from its injuries.

How could Qin Feng let it escape.

He swung his long sword and slashed desperately.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The Fire King screamed incessantly.

Every time it was slashed, its momentum plummeted by one point.

This made it extremely panicked and desperately fled towards the lava lake.

It has no substance, its body is like a cloud of mist.

Qin Feng definitely couldn't stop it, so he could only slash desperately.

In this way, one person and one Fire King, one is chasing and one is fleeing!

The flames flashed in the field, and the roar continued.

Miserable roars come and go!

In a blink of an eye, the Fire King escaped to the lava lake.

Its momentum has dropped to the limit, and as long as it is hit again, it will die.

However, it caught the last chance of escape.

Whoo~!

I saw it jumped away, away from the lakeshore, and flew into the lava lake.

At this moment, Qin Feng was standing on the shore, anxious.

He couldn't jump into the lava lake to hunt down.

Even if he was as strong as him, he couldn't guarantee that he would still be able to live if he jumped into the magma.

Whoo~!

At this moment, the Fire King was about to fall into the lava lake.

There was joy in his eyes.

No matter how many injuries it suffered, as long as it stayed in the lava for a period of time, it would recover.

At the same time, it also has a way to re-manufacture it.

There was excitement in the eyes of the Fire King, thinking that everything could start again.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's heart moved and his fingertips flicked.

huh~!

A burst of energy shot out from his fingertips and hit the Fire King directly.

Bang~!

roar~!

A loud bang!

Mixed with a mournful roar!

The King of Fire Spirit burst into pieces and turned into sparks in the sky.

It turns out that the energy released from the outside can also hurt the King of Fire Essence.

That last blow, like the straw that broke the camel's back, killed it in one blow.

Terrible roar!

Echoes over the lava lake.

[Killing the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level) successfully, get +9800 energy value. 】

[Killing the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level) successfully, get +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】

Chapter 115: Long Yuan is upgraded, and the whole is advanced!

Finally killed!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, a silver treasure chest emerged from the place where the Fire Essence King collapsed.

As soon as he waved his hand, the treasure chest floated automatically without wind.

This is the mind control ability he obtained after he awakened the 'six senses'.

You can use the power of your mind to attach to objects and make them float out of thin air.

It's just that the power of this idea is very weak, and it can only control relatively light things.

In fact, this kind of mental power is mainly used to manipulate the mind, which is the basis of 'spiritualism', and has limited effect on physical manipulation.

However, it can also be useful sometimes, like now.

In just a moment, the silver treasure chest fell into Qin Feng's hands under the control of the invisible power of thought.

good! good!

Got another silver treasure chest.

So far, there are three silver treasure chests in his hand.

Qin Feng happily put away the treasure chest.

It was at this moment that the mountains shook and the earth shook.

roar~!

A shocking roar came from the depths of Hell Mountain.

The roar was full of boundless anger, causing the Baili Mountains to shake.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly, and he followed the sound.

The roar came from the direction of Burning Heaven Valley.

Is it the Demon King of Hell?

Thinking about it too, the state of the Fire King is being controlled, and it should be controlled by the Demon King of Hell.

Obviously, the King of Fire Spirit is one of the powerful subordinates of the Demon King of Hell.

He killed the Fire King, which naturally angered the Hell Demon King.

hiss~!

Looking at the power of this roar, the strength of the Demon King of Hell is definitely extremely strong.

Having said that, the level of the five kings is more difficult than the other.

What's more, the resources of Longyuan Village have been doubled, and the difficulty of the task has been greatly increased.

I am afraid that the difficulty of dealing with the Demon King of Hell is no easier than that of the Resentful Demon.

After all, resentment is only a D-level task, this is a C-level task.

The difficulty of the task is one level higher.

By the way, after killing the Demon King of Inferno Prison, we have to go to Juelongpo to unlock the seal of the Five Elements, I am afraid that there will be a bigger difficulty waiting there.

That should be the last big hurdle!

Qin Feng analyzed silently in his heart.