Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

This huge galaxy is the headquarters of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

At this moment, the headquarters of the star field, in the Hall of Supervisors

Several powerful **** kings with extraordinary bearing are looking ahead with a look of astonishment.

In front of them, there is a holographic projection map of the star field.

Every planet, every meteor, every comet, every star in it has a three-dimensional projection, which is clearly visible!

That is the holographic projection map of the entire Azure Dragon Star Region!

At this moment, the eyes of those old men all fell on a corner of the holographic projection map.

It was at the edge of the Azure Dragon Star Territory. There was a solitary blue planet of life. On the map, it was only the size of a soybean, and its name was marked next to it—Blue Star Territory!

Just now, an astonishing light erupted around the Blue Star Realm, which means that there is a half-step eternal power fighting!

Half-step eternal power!

That is the existence of the domain master level!

How could they fight near the Azure Dragon Star Region?

After a long time, the audience came to their senses from the shock and looked at the purple-robed old man at the head.

The purple-robed old man was a **** king with great perfection, and he was also the master of the Heavenly Supervision Hall, responsible for monitoring the movements of the entire star field.

"Palace Master, the terrifying movement just now, should be two half-step eternal powers fighting?"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A god-king swallowed his saliva and couldn't help but ask.

The purple-robed old man took a deep breath: "It's true that two half-step eternity are fighting, and it's not an ordinary half-step eternity! Judging from the light just now, I'm afraid that both of them are close to the peak of half-step eternity!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

The kings of the gods opened their eyes in astonishment!

This battle is actually more terrifying than they thought!

At this time, the purple-robed old man said again: "This is a big matter! This deity has to report this matter to the domain master quickly! Please continue to monitor!"

"Yes!"

The king of the gods leads the order!

The purple-robed old man flashed away and left in a hurry.

The emergence of a half-step eternal battle is definitely a big thing for these **** kings, and it must be taken seriously!

It's just that these **** kings don't know that one of the people fighting is not half-step eternity, but only true **** realm!

At the same time, another starry sky in the Azure Dragon Star Region.

Venerable Jie Yin and the Master of the Bright Domain are chatting while rushing to the Blue Star Realm.

"Puyin Daoist friend, count the time, Puyin Daoist friend has arrived at the Blue Star Realm, right?"

At this moment, the bright domain master said with a smile.

Venerable Jie Yin also smiled and said: "Yes! It should be there for a while! If the deity is not bad, Qin Feng Xiaoer is already dead!"

The Master of the Bright Domain smiled and said, "That's natural! Fellow Daoist Pu Yin set up a starry sky seal around the Blue Star Realm ahead of time. That little thief couldn't escape at all. 4.7 is already a way out of the sky and no way to enter the earth! He wants to die. It's hard!"

The two of them didn't know that before Venerable Puyin completed the starry sky seal, an accident happened to the two of Yeshen, which then triggered a series of events.

At this time, the receptionist said again: "If the deity's expectations are not bad, my junior brother Puyin will soon hear good news!"

The words just fell, and there was a breaking sound from the starry sky ahead!

The two of them were startled, and they followed the sound, and saw a blue light rushing from a distance.

Taking a closer look, it was actually a green bamboo stick!

"Hey! Six pure bamboos!"

Get surprised!

That is a great tool for the younger brother to cherish his life!

How did it fly back alone!

The Master of the Bright Domain was also surprised: "Fellow Daoist, isn't this the tool of the Daoist Daoist friend? Why did it fly back alone!"

Received and pondered: "Maybe it is to convey good news! Strange! Why did my junior brother not use the communication jade talisman, but use this spiritual object to communicate the news?"

Reception muttered.

Up to now, he has not realized that Pu Yin has fallen.

In just a moment, the six pure bamboos escaped in front of the two of them.

Venerable Jiyin is about to catch the six pure bamboos!

Om~!

But at this moment, the spirit bamboo shines brightly!

In the next second, a group of true spirits flew out of it!

"Hey! This is"

"It's the true spirit of Junior Brother Puyin!"

Boom~!

Seeing this clearly, the two were immediately dumbfounded!

Chapter Nine hundred and forty-third Avenue Sharing! The strong enemy is coming!

At this moment, I received Venerable and the Master of the Light Domain, staring blankly at the group of true spirits, unable to react for a while.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

At this time, the true aura of light continued to vibrate, and there was a whimper.

Only then did the two of them relax.

"Damn!"

The Venerable was extremely angry!

Pu Yin is his junior and junior brother, and the two of them have a good relationship. It can be said that they are brothers and sisters!

Now, how could he not be angry when he saw that Pu Yin was bombarded and killed with only a mass of true spirits left!

"How could this be?!"

The master of the light domain muttered to himself, and felt unbelievable in his heart.

The scene in front of him was also difficult for him to accept.

Immediately, his face was full of doubts: "Receiving Daoist friend, it shouldn't be like this! With the strength of Daoist friend Puyin, killing Qin Feng's child should be like pinching an ant to death. Why does he only have a group of true spirits to return?"

Jie Yin's face was gloomy: "Mostly someone helped the little thief! Otherwise, how could my junior brother end up like this?"

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

As soon as his voice fell, the true spirit's whining became even more intense.

The eyebrows are slightly wrinkled!

Did you guess wrong?

correct!

The younger brother's true spirit is intact, that can help him regenerate his soul!

With this thought in mind, he received a wave of the Venerable Master, and a white jade porcelain vase appeared in front of him.

The next second, he opened the cork and poured out a cloud of gray-white spiritual liquid, which was suspended in the air.

As soon as the spiritual liquid appeared, it emitted a strange white glow!

There are various illusions such as hell, yellow spring, Naihe Bridge, Samsara Pond, etc.

"Hey! This is"

The bright domain master on the side was shocked!

He seems to have thought of something!

It is rumored that there are three core hubs in this universe, namely the heaven, the human world, and the **** world.

It's just that the Lord of the Universe fell, and the Three Realms disappeared, leaving only three secret entrances.

It is rumored that the entrance to the heaven is hidden in the realm of judgment!

The entrance to the **** world is hidden in the peeping **** realm!

In this regard, the Lord of Bright Domain was a little skeptical before.

Now he has some faith.

Because the group of spiritual liquid poured out by the venerable 19 was named 'Ninth Resurrection Liquid', which came from the reincarnation pool in the **** world.

From this, it can be seen that the Samsara Pond has fallen into the hands of the Heavenly Peeping Divine Realm.

In other words, the entrance to the **** world is hidden in the God Realm!

The ninth rejuvenation liquid!

Create peak-level wonders!

It is rumored that as long as there is a mass of such spiritual liquid, the true spirit can quickly reshape the soul body!

Of course, it must be a complete true spirit, and there must be no incompleteness!

If the true spirit is incomplete, then the soul body cannot be rebuilt.

Just when the master of the light domain was thinking wildly, he waved his hand, and the group of 'ninth-life rejuvenation liquid' flew to the universal spirit and wrapped it.

In the next second, the gray-white spiritual liquid melted into the true aura at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum~~!

Immediately afterwards, the true spiritual light group continued to expand, gradually turning into a translucent human-shaped phantom, the whole body was gray-white, and it emitted soul power fluctuations!

Looking at the human-shaped phantom's facial features, it is clearly Venerable Puyin

In just a moment, Pu Yin's soul body was reshaped, but the soul body was extremely weak!

Before all this was over, Venerable Ying Ying flipped his palm again, and a drop of golden divine blood appeared in the palm of his hand.

As soon as the divine blood appeared, it exuded an astonishing aura of eternity. It was actually divine blood at the eternal level!

huh~!

I saw that with a flick of the fingertips of Venerable Jie Yin, the drop of golden divine blood flew into Pu Yin's soul body, and quickly fused with the soul body.

After a while, the divine blood and the soul body merged into one, and the flesh body emerged.

Rebirth from a drop of blood!

Puyin has come back to life!

The bright domain master was amazed!

If he guessed correctly, that drop of divine blood at the eternal level should come from the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

Only the blood essence of the Eternal Realm can reshape the fleshly body so quickly.

At this moment, Pu Yin slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of exhaustion.

Although he has been resurrected, his aura has dropped to the extreme, and he has only 400 million combat power left, just reaching the threshold of quasi-half-step eternity!

"Brother!"

Pu Yin opened his eyes and saw Venerable Li Yin.

He hurriedly stepped forward to say hello, as if he had seen his relatives, he was extremely excited.

"Junior brother, how did you become like this? Could it be that you were attacked by another half-step Eternal when you were killing Qin Feng?"

Ying Yin even asked with a concerned look on his face.