Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The bright domain master also showed curiosity.

Right now, what they most want to know is how Venerable Puyin fell.

Pu Yin smiled bitterly: "Senior brother, you may not believe me when I say it! The person who made me fall is Qin Feng Xiaoer, not others!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the reception and the light were all shaken!

"What?! Qin Feng made you fall?!"

"How is this possible?! Isn't that little thief in the False God Realm?"

The reception and the light are all unbelievable!

Pu Yin smiled bitterly: "Senior brother, I was the one who underestimated that little thief! Now, that little thief is not in the False God Realm, but in the True God Realm!"

Xie Yin swallowed his saliva: "But even if it is a true god, it is impossible to kill you! With your strength, you are considered to be the best in the half-step eternity, even if some half-step peak thresholds are powerful, it is not necessarily I can beat you!"

Pu Yin sighed: "Hey! Although my strength is not weak, the strength of that little thief is even more perverted! With his current strength, it can be compared to the half-step eternal peak!"

As soon as these words fell, they were all speechless in their hearts.

After a while, Venerable Jie Yin calmed down the shock in his heart and asked slowly, "Junior Brother, then you say that I am stronger or weaker than that little thief?!"

"Brother, let me tell the truth. If you don't use that avenue weapon, your win rate is only 50%!"

"What?! Only fifty percent!"

Receive astonished!

The bright domain master is also surprised!

They haven't digested the fact that Qin Feng's strength is comparable to a half-step peak.

At the moment, Pu Yin also said that there is only a 50% chance of winning against Qin Feng.

This shocked them.

You must know that the combat power of Venerable Jie Yin has reached 5 trillion stars, and he is considered to be the best in the half-step peak!

At this time, Pu Yin said again: "However, senior brother has an avenue weapon in his hand! With that avenue weapon, you have a 70% chance of winning!"

"70%?! That's not bad!"

Venerable Jie Yin breathed a sigh of relief.

Immediately, he said again: "That's right! We also have fellow Daoist Guangming to help! Although fellow Daoist Guangming does not have the weapon of the Dao, his basic combat power has reached 6 trillion stars, and his comprehensive strength is not under mine. !"

6 trillion stars? !

Puyin's eyes lit up!

Immediately, he looked at the bright domain master with a look of surprise.

"That's great! With the help of fellow Daoist Guangming, senior brother has a 90% chance of killing that little thief!"

Half-step eternal combat power category is 1 trillion to 3 trillion stars!

Half-step eternal peak is 3 trillion to 6 trillion stars!

Half-step Eternal Great Perfection is 6 trillion to 10 trillion stars!

After the Master of the Bright Domain has refined a 'Hongmeng Purple Qi', he has reached the limit of half-step peak combat power, and he can be promoted to half-step Great Perfection after further progress.

However, he didn't have the help of the Great Dao Tool, which was a bit of a disadvantage.

In short, after learning about the strength of the Lord of Light, Venerable Puyin saw the hope of revenge!

Venerable Jie Yin also smiled and said: "It should be more than 90%! Junior brother, although your strength has fallen sharply, but you have six pure bamboos to help you, you can also exert the strength of the half-step threshold! With your assistance, you can't achieve it. Ten percent!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Venerable Puyin's eyes lit up: "Yes! Senior brother! With such an analysis, Qin Feng's child is dead this time!"

He sneered: "Humph! An ant who is burdened with the expectations of the Judgment God Domain, he must die!"

At this time, the master of the light domain also said: "That's right! Fellow Daoist Puyin, what about Yeshen and Mary?"

"Uh~! This...hey! To be honest! Those two have been killed by Qin Feng's children!"

Speaking of which, Pu Yin was quite ashamed.

The owner of Guangming Territory suddenly looked gloomy: "As expected! However, Daoist Puyin don't have to blame yourself! This time, even you have fallen once. There is no reason for the two of them to live!"

"However, since Qin Feng's child dares to kill the deity, the deity will never let him go! This time, he will be killed!"

Speaking of this, the tone of the master of the light domain is full of hatred.

Yashen has a deep blood relationship with him, and he naturally wants revenge.

Venerable Puyin nodded again and again: "That's how it should be! Brother, fellow Daoist Guangming, let's go quickly! Lest things change!"

Speaking of which, Pu Qu's tone was a little eager.

He couldn't wait to get his revenge.

However, Xie Yin smiled unconcernedly: "Junior brother, don't worry! I'll be there in an hour at most! It's only an hour, forgive that Qin Feng's children can't make any waves!"

Pu Yin breathed a sigh of relief: "I hope so!"

At that moment, the three of them stopped talking and rushed straight to the Blue Star Realm.

Venerable Jie Yin and Guangming Domain Master did not know that Pu Yin still underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

They didn't know that just after Pu Yin Zhenling escaped, Qin Feng's strength increased by 300 million stars!

They don't even know that Qin Feng has a large amount of Taiqing Daojing in his hands, and its refining speed is also extremely fast.

This time, Qin Feng's strength will definitely exceed their expectations.

In this way, the three of them were led and rushed towards the Blue Star Realm with all their strength.

On the other side, Qin Feng is also trying his best to refine Dao Jing.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, fifty minutes passed by the outside world.

In Qin Feng's universe center, fifty hours passed.

In these fifty hours, he has gained a great deal.

At this moment, in a secret cultivation room.

Qin Feng is sitting cross-legged on a futon, refining a Taiqing Daojing

Suddenly, a dazzling avenue of spiritual light lit up on his body, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

After everything subsided, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Your mind body refined Taiqing Daojing (magnetic field) successfully! You start to wake up the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of magnetic fields]

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng had a new avenue of light on his body, and his momentum rose again.

Qin Feng couldn't help but smile

But at this moment, the jade plate of good fortune was activated again

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the ‘Magnetic Field’, and you have received a permanent backfeed of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: It is detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 350, which meets the advanced requirements, and the advanced is automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 8 to rank 9! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 9th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 1%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 9th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 1%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 9th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 300 million stars! 】

what! There are already 350 avenues to master!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

If he wants to become the new way of heaven, he must master three thousand and one avenues.

Now, his completion degree has exceeded one tenth!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body momentum skyrocketed wildly!

The back-feeding of the 300 million combat power of the Fortune Jade Plate has begun

After a long time, the feedback is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

In these fifty hours, he has awakened a great avenue back and forth!

The Fortune Jade Plate has also been continuously promoted from rank 7 to rank 9, giving him a total of 55 billion 893 star combat power!

I don't know to what extent his current basic combat power has improved?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel

[Level]: Level 99 (for the sky)

[Tibet]: Level 98 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme)

[Air Luck]: 171,000 times

【Reputation】: 2.04 million points

[Basic combat power]: 1.49 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 21

[Total number of avenues]: 350

After reading this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Before he knew it, his basic combat power had skyrocketed to 1.49 trillion!

This is 1.9 billion more combat power than when he killed Venerable Puyin, which is definitely a huge improvement!

"In about 10 minutes from the outside world, the reception and the light domain master will arrive! I should be able to refine another Dao crystal!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and took out a Dao crystal with a smile.

Afterwards, he closed his eyes again and began to refine the Dao Crystal

Ten minutes outside, the center of the universe is ten hours!

Qin Feng naturally has to hurry up and improve some strengths.

These ten hours can give him a lot of strength.

After all, the resources in his hands are ready-made, the only thing missing is time

In this way, Qin Feng opened the retreat again!

At the same time, the outside world is also undergoing some changes.

At this time, the Blue Star Realm became empty, there was not a single human being, only a few birds and beasts remained!

It turned out that all the disciples of Long Yuan had moved into the center of the universe.

Even the forces supporting Qin Feng moved in.

As for the millions of children of the grass-roots power, they have already been killed by the four avatars, leaving no remnants!

Qin Feng is not a kind person, but he also knows to repay the favor and repay the grievance directly!

Since those sloppy powers treated him like that, he naturally wouldn't be soft-hearted and simply cleaned it up!

At this point, the Blue Star Realm has become empty, and there is not a single human being.

It was at this moment that there was a new movement on the Blue Moon Star on the periphery of the Blue Star Realm.

There is a huge interstellar teleportation array on the Qingyue star, which is connected to the major points of the Qinglong star field.

At this moment, the teleportation array lit up with a dazzling light!

After the light dissipated, two stalwart figures appeared in the teleportation array.