Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

One of them was an old man in a purple robe.

This old man is the Azure Dragon Star Region, the lord of the Heavenly Supervision Hall - Venerable Ziyuan.

Next to Venerable Ziyuan, there was also a man in a green robe with an incomparably majestic expression!

The aura emanating from his body was a lot stronger than Venerable Puyin, and suddenly reached 3 trillion stars!

This green-robed man is the master of the Azure Dragon Star Region—the Azure Dragon Region Lord!

"Domain Lord, the planet in front is the Blue Star Realm!"

At this time, Zi Yuan introduced it respectfully.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded slightly: "Let's go! Go and have a look!"

As soon as the words fell, the two flew towards the Blue Star Realm.

Chapter Nine hundred and forty-four The Unknown Soldier! Amazing record!

"Huh! That is"

Venerable Ziyuan stared at it and saw three figures flying from the depths of the starry sky.

"Domain Lord, the speed of these three people is extremely fast, no less than half-step eternity!"

Venerable Ziyuan's expression changed slightly.

"Is the arrival of these three people related to the previous battle?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord's expression was also very serious.

In the face of three quasi-half-step eternal powerhouses, he did not dare to be careless.

At the same time, he is also curious, who is coming?

It was just too far away for him to see clearly.

At this moment, he did not realize that Qin Feng looked strange.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't see who was coming, but Qin Feng's pupil power was stronger.

He has already seen clearly in the future.

At this moment, he saw Venerable Jie Yin, and also the Lord of the Bright Domain!

What surprised him even more was that he also saw Venerable Puyin.

That guy actually came back to life!

It's so frustrating!

Qin Feng felt a little depressed.

Pu Yin is not dead, and he will cause some trouble for him again.

I just don't know what the strength of the sage who came here, and the master of the light domain, are?

Qin Feng's eyes turned to the two of them, but unfortunately the distance was too far for him to spy on them.

At this moment, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord sounded beside him.

"Zi Yuan, you stay here, the deity goes over and sees! By the way, this little guy is too weak, you protect him!"

Having said that, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng again.

"Little guy, there are powerhouses who are quasi-half-step eternity or more, and they are definitely not something you can look up to! With their strength, you can kill you with a single breath! Just stay here and don't run around!"

The main subject of Qinglongyu asked earnestly.

Qin Feng was a little dumbfounded.

This Azure Dragon Domain Lord really regarded him as an ordinary True God junior.

However, he did not object!

After all, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is also out of good intentions, and he really takes good care of his people!

However, the enemy is looking for him 197!

Swish~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the Azure Dragon Domain Master flashed and left the Blue Star Realm.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he stepped forward and wanted to go out.

But at this moment, Venerable Ziyuan dodged and stopped in front of him, looking at him with a displeased expression.

"Boy! Didn't you hear what the domain lord said just now? The domain lord asked you to stay here, that's for your own good! With your little strength, if you have a slight impact, you have to explode on the spot!"

Venerable Ziyuan's tone was extremely rude!

For this kind of junior who doesn't know how to live or die, he is extremely speechless in his heart, and he really has no eyesight!

If this kid wasn't a citizen of the Azure Dragon Star Region, and the Domain Lord asked him to protect him, he would be too lazy to say more.

Qin Feng was also quite speechless after being scolded by this!

But he also knew that the other party was also well-intentioned.

Immediately, he smiled bitterly and said, "This fellow Daoist, do you think it is possible?"

Before he could finish speaking, Venerable Ziyuan frowned and interrupted him directly.

"Little fellow, do you call this deity 'Daoyou'? What is the name of the daoist? That is the title of the same level! You, a junior in the real **** realm, actually call the old man a daoist, you really have no eyesight!"

Speaking of which, Zi Yuan looked depressed.

Now, he can understand that the young man in front of him is a stunned young man with no vision.

It seemed that he had to mention a thing or two.

Lest this kid be so muddled after he leaves the Azure Dragon Star Region, other star region powerhouses will not be so easy to talk about.

In this world where the strong are respected, everyone attaches great importance to strength.

The weak call the strong a fellow Daoist, that is contempt for the strong!

Thinking of this, Zi Yuan sighed: "Hey! That's all! I don't know how you cultivated to the realm of true gods, and you don't even have the ability to spy on the realm of others."

"The old man doesn't care about your junior! To be honest, the old man is the hall master of the Azure Dragon Star Domain Supervisor Heaven Palace, and the current realm is the great consummation of the **** king!"

Speaking of which, Venerable Ziyuan raised his chin slightly with a proud look on his face.

He has already imagined that Qin Feng will be shocked when he hears his name and realm!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his mouth

Venerable Ziyuan suddenly raised a smile at the corner of his mouth, everything was as he expected!

This kid has finally come to his senses and is going to start complimenting him.

Thinking of this, Venerable Ziyuan felt dark in his heart!

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng just made a faint "oh" sound, and there was no more!

Venerable Ziyuan was stunned!

Should not be!

Shouldn't this kid be shocked?Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Zi Yuan was stunned for a while, and looked at Qin Feng very depressed,!

Does this kid know nothing about the world?

He is the Great Consummation of the God King!

Could it be that his strength and status are not enough to shock him? !

Zi Yuan was a little unwilling.

"Right! That lord just now is the domain owner of our Azure Dragon Star Region! A half-step eternal power!"

This time, Venerable Ziyuan spoke loudly.

He doesn't believe it, isn't this kid shocked? !

"Um!"

Qin Feng responded lightly again, and said nothing more.

Venerable Ziyuan was completely speechless!

No way? !

A half-step eternal power!

This kid reacts like this? !

Zi Yuan stared at Qin Feng blankly!

He couldn't understand, what kind of weirdo was this kid?

This is how ignorant of the world is needed to be like this!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, above the starry sky, the sound of breaking the air rang out again and again.

Zi Yuan looked up quickly, and saw that the three of Venerable Yingyin were approaching.

At this moment, he finally saw the appearance of the three of them!

Boom~!

When he saw it clearly, his face changed greatly!

"My God! That's actually Venerable Reception, Lord of Light Domain, Venerable Universal!"

Zi Yuan's heart was extremely shocked, and he only felt that his throat was dry.

These three people are all famous in the universe, and each of them is stronger than their own domain masters.

Now that the three of them are here, I'm afraid the domain master can't stand it!

Thinking of this, he panicked!

"I don't know why these three came here?"

Zi Yuan whispered, for fear that the three people in the starry sky would hear it.

He just finished his words, and Qin Feng's voice sounded from the side.

"Do you think there is a possibility! These three guys are here to find me!"

Hearing this, Zi Yuan looked at Qin Feng speechlessly, as if he was looking at a fool!

What the **** did this kid think?

The three and a half steps of eternity came to meet him?

What a cosmic joke!

At this moment, Venerable Ziyuan felt a little embarrassed for some reason.

The domain master actually asked him to protect a fool!

At this moment, above the starry sky.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the three men met

Seeing this scene, Venerable Ziyuan has no intention of arguing with Qin Feng.

He quickly held his breath and looked at the starry sky with an uneasy expression.

At this moment, he was afraid that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the three would have a conflict.

If there is a conflict, the owner of the domain will definitely not be able to bear it, and he will suffer too!

The strength of the three people is really too strong!

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at the three of them with complicated expressions.

He originally thought that the three people who came were quasi-half-step eternal powers, but he did not expect that there would be two half-step peaks and one half-step eternal, and their strengths were all above him.