Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It's just that the breath of the Venerable is widely cited, it seems that something is wrong!

"It turned out to be Daoist Receptionist, Daoist Puyin, and Daoist Guangming! Qinglong has seen three of them!"

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Master stepped forward to greet him with a very polite tone.

"It turned out to be fellow Qinglong Daoist!"

The three of them also greeted each other, but they were quite surprised.

They also did not expect that they would meet the Azure Dragon Domain Lord here.

However, they didn't take it too seriously.

In this world where strength is respected, whoever is stronger has the dominance.

"I don't know why the three came to the realm of my Azure Dragon Star Region?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord asked politely.

As a half-step eternal, he naturally dared not stand up in front of two half-step peaks.

At this moment, Venerable Jie Yin said impatiently, "Fellow Daoist, no nonsense! I'm here to find a little thief! This thief is very important for me to peek into the realm of the gods! I hope fellow daoists don't stop me!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was puzzled: "The three thieves are, how could I stop it? Could it be that the little thief has something to do with me?"

Venerable Jie Yin smiled but not smiled: "It has something to do with it!"

As soon as these words fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was stunned!

He had an inexplicable feeling of 'When people sit at home, disasters come from heaven'.

On the other side, within the planetary barrier.

When Venerable Ziyuan heard these words, he panicked even more!

The last thing he wanted to see was the conflict between the domain master and the three great powers!

But before he thought about it, Qin Feng next to him smiled inexplicably.

The next second, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he fled away from the starry sky.

Zi Yuan was horrified: "Boy! What are you doing?!"

As soon as the voice fell, he was about to stop it, but after all, it was a step slower.

I saw Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air, and Zi Yuan stopped it!

In the next second, Qin Feng teleported to the starry sky, and suddenly appeared beside the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

Seeing this scene, Venerable Ziyuan was angry and anxious!

At the same time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was even more stunned by Qin Feng's sudden appearance.

But without waiting for them to think about it, the roar of Venerable Puyin came from the opposite side!

"Approach senior brother! This is Qin Feng's little thief!"

"So you are Qin Feng!"

At this moment, the three of them glared at Qin Feng.

This strange scene suddenly made the Azure Dragon Domain Lord stunned!

Venerable Ziyuan was even more dumbfounded!

He suddenly remembered what Qin Feng had just said.

No way? !

Are these three and a half-step eternal powers really here to find this kid?

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Master reacted.

After frowning slightly, he bit his head and said: "Three, the little thief you are looking for is this young man?!"

"That's right!"

Venerable Jie Yin did not hide anything.

The master of the Azure Dragon Region frowned: "Three! These young people are the children of my Azure Dragon Star Region! If you want to catch the children of the Azure Dragon Star Region, please give an explanation! Otherwise, the deity will not agree!"

These words were neither humble nor arrogant, Qin Feng was quite surprised, and couldn't help but glance at the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

He did not expect that this Azure Dragon Domain Master, who had never met before, would have such a heroic side in the face of someone stronger than him.

This guy can stand alone!

"Do you want to explain?! Qinglong Taoist friend, if it's just a small matter. The deity can give you a little face! This time, I'm afraid you can't protect it if you want to protect it!"

Venerable Jie Yin looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord with a cold and arrogant face.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord frowned: "How do you say this?"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The words just fell, and the bright domain master first said: "This son killed the direct descendant of the deity, Yeshen, and the core disciple Maria! Excuse me, can he be damned?!"

As soon as these words came out, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Ziyuan Venerable were all dumbfounded!

Killing the blood descendants of a domain master, as well as the core children, is definitely a big deal.

But at this moment, Venerable Puyin spoke again.

"This son has killed the deity once! He made the deity have to be reborn as a true spirit. Who would dare to take responsibility for this murder?!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was shocked and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief!

Did this kid kill Venerable Puyin? !

On the other side, Venerable Ziyuan was even more like five thunders, completely dumbfounded!

He almost thought he heard it wrong!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

Boom~!

At this moment, Venerable Jiyin suddenly made a move, and he launched a sneak attack on Qin Feng with lightning speed!

Boom~! Boom~!

At the same moment, the Lord of the Bright Domain and Venerable Puyin shot together!

The three seem to have already negotiated with each other!

In the blink of an eye, three destructive attacks rushed towards Qin Feng, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

Chapter Nine hundred and forty-fifth Execution of Gods and Demons! Continuous improvement!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the fist of Venerable Jie Yin lit up with a dazzling golden light, and the shocking weather on it suddenly reached 12 trillion stars!

This is his full blow!

In order to achieve the effect of the raid, he didn't even use the weapon of the avenue, just to kill Qin Feng by surprise!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the master of the light domain also punched with all his strength, and his momentum reached 14 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

Phew~~!

Venerable Puyin also slammed the stick with all his strength and smashed at Qin Feng fiercely!

With the blessing of the six pure bamboos, his strike suddenly reached ~2 trillion stars!

At this moment, the momentum of the three attacks joined together, causing the starry sky to crack, - the world was annihilated!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the attacking momentum went, all the laws, all the avenues, all turned into powder!

The momentum of the joint strike is comparable to a 15 trillion star strike, extremely terrifying!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was stunned!

The whole person's face is pale!

Such a terrifying joint strike, if it were him, he would not be able to handle it.

I'm afraid that with one blow, he will be severely injured!

Don't say it's him, even if it is a half-step peak power, few people can catch it!

These three guys are so cruel!

Dealing with a small True God Realm is so cruel!

Seeing this scene, the Azure Dragon Domain Master couldn't help but retreat back, for fear of being affected by the terrifying attack!

At the same time, he looked at Qin Feng, full of pity!

O poor young man!

Presumably under this blow, they will be bombarded into slag, and there will be no bones left!

He wanted to help, but there was nothing he could do!

In the blink of an eye, the three terrifying attacks came close to Qin Feng, and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't bear to watch it any longer!

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body was full of golden light, and his killing intent rose to the sky!

Seven Killing Divine Body! Instant explosion!

In just an instant, his aura soared to 3.12 trillion stars!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed on his body!

The power of sacrifice of all the subordinates came one after another!

171,000 times the power of luck is superimposed!

His combat power has soared to 3.8 trillion stars, which is amazing!

At this moment, he still wanted to sacrifice the Pantian Dao Axe, but it was too late!

The powerful enemy's attack has arrived!

Boom~!

In an instant, Qin Feng punched with all his strength and met the attack of the three!

Seeing this scene, Venerable Puyin was overjoyed!

Ha ha!

This little thief didn't have time to use the weapon of the avenue, so he was dead!

Before that, he clearly remembered that this little thief had used the Great Way, and his attack power had only reached about 13 trillion stars!

Today, he did not use the avenue device, and its attack power can reach 7 trillion stars!

With such an attacking power, it is absolutely impossible to resist the combined blow of the three of them!

This blow is bound to be hit hard!

They're going to succeed in the sneak attack this time!

Thinking of this, the joy in Venerable Puyin's eyes grew even stronger!

On the other hand, Venerable Yingyin and Venerable Guangming showed hideous and disdainful eyes!

In the eyes of these two, this little thief will not be severely injured, but will be smashed into slag, and he is absolutely dead!

Although Pu Yin described Qin Feng's strength along the way, they didn't believe it at all.

Especially after seeing Qin Feng's realm, the two of them despised Qin Feng even more!

In their opinion, Venerable Puyin's description of Qin Feng's strength is definitely exaggerated!

Pu Yin will do this, just to find some face for his fall!