Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In the eyes of the two of them, Qin Feng is dead this time, and he can't resist this joint strike!

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, the Venerable Jieyin, the Guangming Domain Lord, and the Venerable Ziyuan all felt that Qin Feng was bound to die!

hum~~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's punch lit up with golden light!

Behind him, the six world illusions of heaven, ghost world, hell, human world, Shura, and beast realm continuously appeared!

Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven! Activate instantly!

The attack increase has skyrocketed by 20%!

Boom~!

At that moment, Qin Feng burst out with a punch, and suddenly reached 11.4 trillion stars, far exceeding the 7 trillion stars imagined by the general public!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The world is collapsing! The heavens are shattered!

In the next second, the three of them were shaken back several dozen feet!

Qin Feng snorted even more, and flew a million feet away!

But in the next second, he stabilized his body and stood above the starry sky, his face flushed!

Before everyone could think about it, Qin Feng's body flashed with blue light, and his expression immediately returned to normal, without the slightest injury!

Seeing this scene, the audience was dead silent!

Everyone opened their mouths in shock!

Even Venerable Puyin was stunned!

In the Blue Star Realm, Venerable Ziyuan opened his eyes in horror and looked at Qin Feng's back in disbelief!

After a long time, Venerable Jie Yin slowly closed his mouth and looked back at Pu Yin.

The master of the light domain also slowly turned his head to look at Pu Yin, his eyes were full of inquiries!

Both of them are blaming Puyin for giving wrong information!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

According to Pu Yin's previous description, Qin Feng's attack power is so strong that he relies on that weapon of the avenue!

Now, it doesn't seem like that at all!

At this moment, Pu Yin also felt embarrassed and depressed!

He also did not expect that before Qin Feng did not use the Dao, his attack power was only 10% less!

"But... maybe his avenue weapon is not the power of amplitude attack!"

Venerable Puyin swallowed his saliva and couldn't help but explain.

Hearing this, the two of them are very depressed!

Now, they can only accept this reality.

But at this moment, a bright light of avenue lit up ahead!

Everyone looked at each other, and saw a flash of spiritual energy in Qin Feng's hand, and a giant axe that reached the sky appeared, illuminating the glow of the avenue only!

Obviously, that is Qin Feng's Pantian Dao Axe!

After attracting the attention of several people, it suddenly fell on Pan Tian Dao Axe, with a strange look on his face!

The great axe-like avenues are not augmented attacks. Could it be that augmented defenses are not enough?

This axe is a little weird!

Up to now, they have not thought that Qin Feng's attack power has not weakened much, that is because Qin Feng's strength has skyrocketed!

In fact, this cannot be blamed on Pu Yin and others!

Who would have thought that Qin Feng's strength had skyrocketed so much in only an hour before and after.

Om~!

At this moment, the plate of Heavenly Dao Axe lit up with a dazzling light!

Qin Feng has completed the integration of human and machine!

His combat power has also quietly increased to 4 trillion stars!

With a weapon in hand, his attack power will increase by ten percent!

After doing this, Qin Feng slowly raised his head and looked at the three of them angrily.

These three guys actually attacked him just now!

Fortunately, he took precautions and used methods such as the Seven Killing Divine Body in time!

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord recovered and looked at Qin Feng with a complicated expression.

He also didn't expect that such a monstrous existence would emerge from the children in his own star field!

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm.

Venerable Ziyuan's expression was even more complicated.

Thinking of his previous attitude towards Qin Feng, he was embarrassed and scared!

Fortunately, he didn't say anything excessive, otherwise he would offend an extremely terrifying existence!

Thinking of this, Zi Yuan breathed a sigh of relief!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But at this moment, white light flashed behind him.

Zi Yuan was startled, and quickly turned around to look, and saw four young people who looked exactly like Qin Feng appeared, all of them with extraordinary momentum!

Those are the four avatars of Yueling, Bingling, Woodling, and Mirage!

After this appearance, Yueling, Bingling, and Woodling all sacrificed the plain-colored cloud world flag, the Zhenwu soap carving flag, and the cyan lotus flag, protecting the entire Blue Star Realm.

Venerable Ziyuan stared blankly, not daring to say anything!

He vaguely guessed that these four were Qin Feng's clones.

At the same moment, Qin Feng was preparing to take the initiative to counterattack after completing the integration of human and machine.

At this moment, when the Lord of the Light Domain waved his hand, there was an extra pair of divine bows in front of him, emitting a dazzling white light on it!

That is his weapon - the thorn bow!

Create a pinnacle-level artifact, known for attacking!

Om~!

Receiving and citing the venerable also waved his hand, and there was an extra tower in his hand, bursting with the divine light of the Great Way!

That is his avenue tool - the Tianbao Building!

Look at the pavilion that receives the heaven, it looks like nine layers of canopies are stacked together, the cloth banners of various colors flutter, and it looks like a pagoda, emitting nine colors of divine light, and its aura is extremely extraordinary!

Up to now, Jie Yin and Guangming no longer dared to despise Qin Feng, and they took out their weapons and prepared to fight with all their might!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng clenched the handle of the axe tightly and was ready to fight with all his strength!

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, he was reminded of Heavenly Dao from the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

[Reminder: Your Heaven Execution Sword (fortune-telling level) has been fully integrated with the 'Qi of Chaos' and is automatically promoted to the peak level of fortune-telling! 】

[Zhu Tianjian has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the Dao of God Punishment! 】

[Zhu Tianjian has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened Fengling Avenue! 】

[Reminder: Your Heaven-Slaughter Sword (fortune-telling level) has been fully integrated with the 'Aura of Chaos' and is automatically promoted to the peak level of fortune-telling! 】

[Slaying Heaven Sword has been promoted to the pinnacle of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the Dao of Slaughtering Demons! 】

[Slaying Heaven Sword has been promoted to the pinnacle of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakens the Sleepy Spirit Avenue! 】

[Reminder: Your Heavenly Sword (fortune-telling level) has been fully integrated with the 'Qi of Chaos' and is automatically promoted to the peak level of fortune-telling! 】

[The Heavenly Sword has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the Great Immortal Avenue! 】

[The Heavenly Sword has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the Lock Spirit Avenue! 】

[Reminder: Your Heaven Trapping Sword (fortune-telling level) has been fully integrated with the 'Aura of Chaos' and is automatically promoted to the peak level of fortune-telling! 】

[Tiantianjian has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the trapping monster avenue! 】

[Tiantianjian has been promoted to the peak of good fortune successfully! Automatically awakened the avenue of extinction! 】

[Reminder: The comprehensive power of your Heaven Punishing Sword Array has greatly increased, which is comparable to the weapon of the Great Dao! 】

[Reminder: Your Heaven Punishing Sword Array can trap the 'Avenue of the Dao', and it also has the power to annihilate the true spirit! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

His Four Swords of Punishing Heaven finally advanced!

What's even better is that after the four swords of Heaven Execution are advanced, the power of the Heaven Execution Sword Formation has increased greatly, and it can actually be comparable to the weapon of the Great Dao!

In addition, this sword formation actually has a device to seal the road, which is a wonderful way to kill true spirits!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Reminder: You have gained insight from the 'Sword of Executioner' and automatically awakened the Dao of Execution of Gods]

[Reminder: You have gained insight from the ‘Sword of Heaven Execution’ and automatically awakened the Sealed Avenue]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum soared, and his body continued to light up the avenues of spiritual light.

In a blink of an eye, he awakened eight new avenues: Executing Gods, Killing Demons, Jue Immortals, Trapping Demons, Sealing Spirits, Trapping Spirits, Locking Spirits, and Destroying Spirits!

The jade plate of good fortune is also activated

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'God Punishing Dao', and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road to Slaughter Demons' that you perceive, and you have received a permanent reward of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: It is detected that the number of avenues recorded by your 'Good Fortune Jade Disc' has reached 407, which meets the advanced requirements, and the advanced is automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 9 to rank 10! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 10th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 1%]

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 10th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 1%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 10th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 35 billion stars! 】

[Reminder: After the jade plate of good fortune is promoted to rank 10, each additional avenue can be promoted to a rank! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum soared wildly again!

After a long time, the increase is over!

Qin Fengcai slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

After a while, his basic combat power increased by tens of billions of stars.

With the blessing of the Seven Killing Divine Physique, his current combat power has reached 4.1 trillion stars!

Even better, the Fortune Jade Plate has been upgraded again!

The speed of refining Daojing has accelerated again!

It is estimated that all the Dao crystals he is refining will be finished soon.

With this in mind, Qin Feng's confidence has greatly increased!

Then he looked up and looked forward, and saw that Venerable Yingyin and the Master of the Bright Domain had completed the integration of human and machine.