Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the two were also looking at him.

Chapter 946: One enemy two! Zhu Tian appeared!

It was at this moment that Venerable Jie Yin spoke slowly.

"Little thief! You were not injured in the blow just now, it was just a fluke! This time, let you see the true strength of this deity!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Venerable Jie Yin suddenly shot!

Om~!

At that moment, the treasure tower in the hands of the receiver lit up with the light of the heavens, reflecting the heavens and the world, and illuminating the starry sky for hundreds of millions of miles!

Whoo~!

Afterwards, he smashed the building at Qin Feng with all his strength!

That one was swung out and turned into hundreds of millions of miles, like a nine-story tower that reaches the sky. It stretches across the starry sky. It is more than ten times larger than the planet, and its momentum is more powerful than six pure bamboos!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, wherever the wind passes, the starry sky disappears, and the heavens collapse!

In the blink of an eye, that building was smashed to the front, and its momentum suddenly reached 18 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng also saw his face change slightly!

After this guy used the Great Way, his attack power soared by 6 trillion!

What is even more terrifying is that the momentum of that building has blocked the time and space of the heavens, and locked his position, making him unavoidable, and he must take this blow!

At this moment, the Lord of the Light Domain has drawn the bowstrings!

The golden energy light arrow is condensed on the divine bow!

In the next breath, his fingers loosened!

huh~!

The golden light arrow was like a thunderbolt, rushing towards Qin Feng!

In the blink of an eye, the light arrow came first, and arrived together with the attack of Baozhuang!

The killing power contained on it suddenly reached 1.6 billion stars, which was 2 trillion stars higher than the previous attack!

At this moment, the buildings are connected with one arrow!

The joint momentum is formed!

The combined power is comparable to a 19 trillion star strike, and the terror is extreme!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked extremely nervous and couldn't help holding his breath.

Pu Yin clenched his fists excitedly!

This time, he didn't follow along!

After all, his strength plummeted too much, except for the first sneak attack, and now he can't keep up with the attack speed.

Besides, with his current strongest attack power of 2 trillion, even if he joins the battle circle, it won't help much, so he might as well just wait for the opportunity!

Of course, he felt that it was enough to have the lead and the master of the light domain to make a move!

The two of them combined can be comparable to 19 trillion!

With Qin Feng's 1.3 billion attack power at its peak, it is absolutely unstoppable!

This time, it's no wonder he wasn't hit hard!

Thinking of this, Pu Yin's eyes showed excitement, and his face was full of anticipation!

It's not just him who thinks this way, the reception and the light are all the same.

Up to now, they haven't realized that Qin Feng's strength has improved!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Swah~~!

Axe light swept across the starry sky!

At that moment, Dao Axe's whole body glowed with golden light!

The Dao Axe skill is superimposed with the Six Prison Suppression!

The attack skyrocketed by 30%!

The power of that axe suddenly reached 16.4 trillion stars!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two shocking explosions!

The golden light arrow collapsed!

The universe shakes violently!

Wherever the explosion can go, everything collapses inch by inch!

Even the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Venerable Puyin were blasted back and forth by the energy of the explosion!

The scene is terrifying!

In the next second, Venerable Jie Yin was shaken back a hundred meters!

Qin Feng was even more shocked to retreat to 100,000 feet away!

However, he quickly stabilized his body and looked as usual!

The whole audience was dumbfounded!

The result of this round is not as good as the first round!

what happened?

Isn't it said that the strongest attack of this little thief is only 13 trillion?

But that blow just now exceeded 16 trillion!

Jie Yin looked at Pu Yin with an annoyed look on his face!

Venerable Puyin was already dumbfounded!

"How is this possible?"

He shook his head again and again, unable to believe everything in front of him!

It's only been an hour!

This little thief's strongest attack has skyrocketed by more than 3 trillion!

How on earth did he do it?

"Damn!"

It was at this moment that Venerable received a roar and slaughtered Qin Feng again!

He couldn't believe it, this little thief could maintain such a strong attack all the time!

At the same time, the master of the light domain also pulled the bowstring and attacked Qin Feng again.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

He didn't believe it either. He joined hands with Jie Yin and couldn't kill this little thief!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, the wind dances wildly in the middle of the field! Light arrows shoot!

Qin Feng also waved his giant axe and went away!

The two sides fight together!

For a time, the Great Dao was killed in the field, and the heavens collapsed!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Venerable Pu Yin were dumbfounded!

In the Blue Star Realm, Venerable Ziyuan looked even more frightened.

At this moment, he is afraid that the three giants will fight, and the remaining power will sweep to the Blue Star Realm, otherwise the planet will be crushed!

Soon, he was pleasantly surprised to find that the protective shields sacrificed by the three avatars of Yueling, Bingling, and Woodling actually blocked waves of residual power and saved the planet!

Just like that, in that starry sky.

Qin Feng, Jie Yin, and the Lord of Guangming Territory killed the world in darkness!

The starry sky is full of their afterimages, and the speed is dazzling!

Venerable Puyin has been completely unable to intervene!

However, he can still see that Venerable Jie Yin and the Lord of the Light Domain have the upper hand!

It still gave him hope.

At this moment, he held his breath and watched with extreme nervousness, not even daring to breathe!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord is also watching nervously!

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour has passed!

The two sides fought for hundreds of rounds!

The more Venerable Puyin looked, the more wrong it became!

At the beginning, Qin Feng was completely at a disadvantage, but gradually the disadvantage became smaller and smaller.

That kid's attack seems to be getting stronger and stronger!

Bang~!

At this moment, there was another loud noise like the sky and the earth!

Qin Feng, Jie Yin, and Guangming Domain Master made a reckless blow again!

In the next second, the light arrow collapses!

Reaching for the Venerable to retreat a thousand feet!

Qin Feng also retreated fifty thousand feet!

This time, Venerable Puyin was completely dumbfounded!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord is also full of incredulity!

In the battlefield, receiving the venerable and the master of the light domain, they looked at Qin Feng in astonishment!

Up to now, everyone has discovered that Qin Feng's strength has been quietly increasing!

At this moment, the gap between the two sides has been greatly shortened!

You know, before the melee, the reception was a building that could repel Qin Feng by 100,000 zhang, but now it can only repel 50,000 zhang.

Such a huge change, they can no longer see it, they are blind.

Thinking of this, Jie Yin looked at Qin Feng with a puzzled look, as if he wanted to see something!

At the same moment, Qin Feng has stabilized his figure.

At this time, there was a hint of joy in his eyes, and he seemed to be very satisfied with his performance.

He had played against the two men for twenty minutes or so, and twenty hours had passed since the center of the universe!

In these twenty or so hours, the Taiqing Daojing in his hand was finally refined!

This brought the number of avenues he mastered to 457, and his basic combat power soared to 1.65 trillion stars!

This makes his attack power infinitely close to 17 trillion stars!

Now, it is even more impossible for Jie Yin and others to defeat him!