Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

However, Qin Feng is still at a disadvantage!

His crisis is not over yet!

There is an even more unfavorable thing is that his six prison days can only last for three hours!

After the Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven reaches Consummation, it will last for a maximum of three hours.

If the two of them continue to fight hard, as long as it takes three hours, the time when the six prisons will fail, that is when he will die.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng had a headache.

Now, all his Dao Jing has been refined, and there is no way to improve his strength!

If it goes on like this, he won't be able to make a comeback!

But without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, he couldn't hold back his anger.

At this moment, he said slowly: "Boy! You should be urging some secret technique to continuously improve your combat power! With such a heaven-defying secret technique, you should sacrifice something important?!"

The tone of the Receptionist is very determined!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, disdain to answer.

This guy is clearly probing his details, and he naturally won't explain.

Seeing that Qin Feng's oil and salt did not enter, he was extremely annoyed when he knew that the inquiries had failed.

This little thief is really tough!

Immediately, he sneered: "Little thief! Don't think that if you don't admit it, the deity will not be able to see it! Such a rapid increase in combat power as you is definitely using a forbidden secret technique, which will pay a great price!"

"I don't believe this deity, you can always pay such a price! There will always be a moment when your secret art can't work! Fellow Daoist Guangming, let's do it!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, the venerable leader was slaughtered at Qin Feng again!

The master of the light domain also pulled the bowstring to assist the siege!

The three fight together again!

The field was also killed in darkness again, and the universe collapsed!

Only this time, Qin Feng's situation is obviously much better, not as obvious as before!

Venerable Puyin looked extremely anxious!

There is no way to fight like this!

Are they really going to fail this time?

The more Venerable Puyin thought about it, the more anxious he became, and the more he thought about it, the more unwilling he became.

It is absolutely impossible for them to retreat like this.

This Qin Feng, they must kill him!

If you miss this time, it will be equivalent to returning the tiger to the mountain, and it will only become more and more difficult to deal with in the future!

When Venerable Puyin thought about it, he felt terrible!

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, as if he had discovered something.

I saw him turn his head to look at the Blue Star Realm

He suddenly found that the energy aftermath caused by the fierce fighting in the field has been spreading all around.

There are a lot of energy aftermath, all swept to the blue planet, but they were blocked by the three-layer mask outside the blue star realm!

In addition, Qin Feng also moved the battle center to a distance, intentionally or unintentionally, in order to stay away from the Blue Star Realm as much as possible!

"Looking at the situation, that little thief has been secretly protecting the Blue Star Realm! Could it be that the Blue Star Realm is very important to him? If so, I might as well."

Venerable Puyin's eyes are getting brighter and brighter!

He suddenly thought of a way, that is, when Qin Feng was entangled by the two, he went to destroy the Blue Star Realm!

First, it can destroy Qin Feng's foundation, and second, it can disrupt Qin Feng's position!

Puyton thinks this is a great idea!

With this in mind, he is about to rush towards the Blue Star Realm

But he only took one step, and with a flash of white light in front of him, he was stopped by the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

"Friend Puyin, what do you want to do?"

It turned out that the Azure Dragon Domain Master had been paying attention to him for a long time.

Seeing that Pu Yin was staring at the Blue Star Realm, and now he was going to pass, it was obviously going to be detrimental to the Blue Star Realm!

The Blue Star Realm is the planet under his command, how could he easily destroy it?

Pu Yin frowned: "Fellow Daoist Qinglong! The old man advises you to distinguish the importance! This matter is the grudge between the two gods of the sky, the light, and the little thief Qin Feng! Do you want to offend our two gods for a little thief?"

"This," the Azure Dragon Domain Lord's expression was a bit complicated.

After a while, he said, "I don't care about the grievances between you and Qin Feng! But this Blue Star Realm is my life planet, and you are not allowed to destroy it!"

Pu Yin sneered: "Fellow Daoist Qinglong, this is not just a last-class planet! If the deity really destroys this planet, it will also compensate you for resources of the same value! I hope fellow Taoists will stop blocking it!"

Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, Pu Yin dodged and flew towards the Blue Star Realm!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at the back of Pu Yin's departure, and his mood was extremely complicated!

At this time, he was also a little annoyed!

This guy's strength has fallen to the half-step threshold, and he is still bossing in front of him, which is really deceiving.

If he hadn't been afraid of the great sacrifice to heaven, how could he be afraid of this guy, and how could he tolerate him for so long? !

Just when the Azure Dragon Domain Lord hesitated, Venerable Puyin had already reached the sky above the Blue Star Realm!

At this moment, the battlefield between Qin Feng and the three of them is tens of millions of miles away from the Blue Star Realm.

Even if Qin Feng finds out that he is going to attack the Blue Star Realm, it is estimated that he will not be able to rush back to the rescue for a while!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, Venerable Pu Yin thought with a smug look on his face, and then looked down at the Blue Star Realm.

I saw that the Blue Star Realm below was a little empty, and it was a little different from what he saw last time.

In the Blue Star Realm, there is only a solitary figure of Venerable Ziyuan.

When Zi Yuan saw his arrival, his face changed greatly, and he seemed to have guessed what he was going to do.

Pu Yin was even more proud, and he was about to break through the barrier in front of him to destroy the planet.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

huh~!

Suddenly, a white light flashed in front of him, and the phantom avatar appeared out of thin air!

Pu Yin was startled and subconsciously wanted to run away

But in the next second, his heart moved.

The guy in front of him is Qin Feng's clone!

He has seen this clone attack you before, and it's only 1.5 trillion!

And he has the weapon of the avenue in his hand, and the attack can reach 2 trillion, which is obviously stronger than the opponent, so why should he escape? !

Thinking of this, Puyin immediately sacrificed six pure bamboos!

At the same moment, the phantom avatar also pinched a seal

hum~~!

A burst of chirping in the sky!

A huge array was suddenly discovered under the common pin!

That formation was so big that it covered the sky and the ground, it was several times bigger than the entire Blue Star Realm!

As soon as the array map appeared, the Mirage clone and the general introduction were all included!

Pu Yin was shocked!

He didn't know what great formation was in front of him, so he quickly looked around!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the phantom avatar once again held the hand seal.

Great array, the world roars!

Four huge sword gates slowly rose from the ground!

Afterwards, a divine sword appeared in each of the sword gates, all of which were hundreds of millions of miles long, comparable to the diameter of a planet, and extremely magnificent!

That is the Heaven Execution Sword, the Heaven Jue Sword, the Heaven Slaughtering Sword, and the Heaven Trapping Sword!

15.7 Seeing the Four Great Swords, Puyin felt that it was not good, and hurriedly shot first!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom~!

Pu Yin slammed his stick with all his strength and smashed towards the phantom avatar!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, the six pure bamboos in Pu Yin's hands turned into giant sticks of ten thousand miles and smashed down!

The momentum of that stick has reached 2 trillion stars, which is extremely fierce!

It was at this moment that the Mirage Clone was chomping the sword!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The four sword gates, white light is generous!

The four divine swords were divided into two and four in an instant within the sword gate, and in the blink of an eye they turned into billions of handles!

Immediately, the phantom avatar sword art was drawn!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, thousands of lightsabers shot out from the sword gate like a torrential rain, and shot towards Venerable Puyin!

Heaven Punishing Sword Formation! Fully activated!

The power of the thousands of sword rains is earth-shattering, comparable to a blow of 6 trillion combat power, and the battle is extremely terrifying!

"This is... not good!"

Pu Yin was scared to death!

Such a terrifying sword rain attack, he was unstoppable and unavoidable!

But before he could think about it, within the sword formation, white light flashed again and again!

The Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone also appeared at the same time!

In the next breath, Yueling's clone held the Emperor Xi's sword and slashed towards Pu Yin with one sword!

The Bing Ling clone was holding a man-made whip, and it also slashed towards Pu Yin with a single whip!

The two clones performed a knowing strike at the same time, and the power of both attacks reached 4 trillion stars!

In this way, the three avatars attacked the general avatar at the same time!

The momentum of the joint strike is comparable to a 7 trillion star strike!

With Puyin's strength, how can it be stopped!

"No~!"

Suddenly, within the sword formation, there was a desperate roar from Pu Yin!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next breath, he was swallowed by thousands of sword rain!