Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Emperor Xi's sword and the man-made whip also bombarded him fiercely!

Inside the sword formation, there was an incomparably shrill scream!

Chapter 947 Destroy the true spirit! Full human!

Pu Yin's screams suddenly shocked the audience!

At this moment, the Venerable Receptionist and the Master of the Bright Domain stopped one after another, turned their heads to look at the Blue Star Realm, and saw a huge sword formation in their eyes!

That sword formation filled the sky with sword light, like a dream, so that people couldn't spy on what happened in the formation, and even the Venerable Yin couldn't spy on it!

However, Pu Yin's shrill scream made Jie Yin realize that it was not good!

"Senior brother!"

After receiving a roar, he hurriedly killed the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

He wants to rescue his junior brother!

At the same moment, within the sword formation!

Pu Yin's screams are still echoing!

After the thousands of sword lights dissipated, only a pile of blood mist, a cloud of true spirit, and six pure bamboos remained in the field!

Under the blow just now, Pu Yin was killed again, not even the soul body, and once again only the true spirit was left!

Om~! Om~!

At this moment, the true spirit of Pu Yin and the six pure bamboos burst into light at the same time!

In the next second, the group of true spirits took the initiative to fly to the six pure bamboos, and wanted to escape into the avenue again to save their lives!

But at this moment, the phantom avatar even pinched the seal!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

All of a sudden, the four swordsmen's auras were released!

Fengling Avenue! Sleepy Road! Lock Spirit Avenue! Death Road!

The power of the four avenues is released at the same time!

In just a moment, the invisible force of imprisonment enveloped the formation!

The true spirit and the six pure bamboos were imprisoned in place at the same time, unable to move!

Yueling and Bingling hurriedly dodged and rushed to the side of the six pure bamboos.

In the next breath, Yueling's clone grabbed six pure bamboos!

The Bing Ling clone casts the seal technique again and again to forcibly seal it!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The whole body of the six pure bamboos is full of spiritual light, struggling frantically!

At the same moment, as soon as the phantom avatar sword array was drawn, hundreds of millions of lightsabers blasted towards the true spirit of the general cited.

At the same time, outside the sword formation!

As soon as Qin Feng saw that he was taking the lord to kill the sword array, he was going to stop it.

But at this moment, a white light broke through the sky and escaped into his body!

Heaven also sent a reminder

20 [Your clone once again killed the sinner 'Puyin Venerable' (quasi-half-step eternity), and you gained +20 trillion points of energy! ã€‘

[Your clone once again killed the sinner 'Puyin Venerable' (quasi-half-step eternity), and your main body obtained +800,000 gold judgment points]

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 1! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations on becoming a full-level human! ã€‘

[As the first challenger in this universe to reach the full level, you will receive the blessing reward of Heavenly Dao]

[Reminder: Only the first challenger who reaches the full level has this blessing]

ã€Congratulations you have obtained the blessing of heaven! Your reputation + 100,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations you have obtained the blessing of heaven! Your combat power + 500 million stars! ã€‘

[Reminder: After the full level, the level will not be upgraded! ã€‘

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body was full of golden light, and his momentum also skyrocketed all the way!

He was instantly amazed!

He also did not expect that after being promoted to a full-level human, there would be such a rich blessing reward!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng has obtained the blessing, and the basic combat power has skyrocketed to 1.7 trillion stars!

This is not far from his goal of 2 trillion!

Having said that, after he became a full-level human, the standard for promotion to the intermediate-level universe master has been completed again!Updğ’‚ted chapters ğ’n nğ’velbin(.)com

At present, he is short of 300 million star combat power and three innate avenues to be promoted to the master of the intermediate universe.

At the moment when Qin Feng was promoted to a full-level human, Venerable Jie Yin had already escaped hundreds of thousands of miles away.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's heart tightened, and he was about to chase and kill again!

With the strength of fetching Venerable, his three avatars have no resistance at all.

He has to stop!

But at this moment, another white light broke through the sky and escaped into his body.

[Your clone killed the true spirit (Puyin Venerable), and you got +50,000 gold judgment points! ã€‘

[You killed a half-step Eternal-level True Spirit for the first time, and received +100,000 reputation rewards! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (sorrow)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed Taiqing Daojing (sorrow)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed Taiqing Daojing (hi)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (she)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Ci)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed Taiqing Daojing (angry)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (King Kong)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Bodhi)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Duo Hua)! ã€‘

[Your clone killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (six)! ã€‘

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 99 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

ã€Your strength index increases by 50,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 50,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 50,000 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 50,000 points! ã€‘

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up again with an upgraded white light!

His vocation has been promoted!

He was instantly ecstatic!

It turns out that killing the true spirit can actually get the Taiqing Daojing!

This time, he's going to make a lot of money!

At the same moment, within the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

Venerable Puyin's screams have already stopped abruptly!

The three clones were looking at the front with ecstasy.

I saw that Puyin's true spirit had been smashed to pieces by thousands of lightsabers!

The breath of Puyin will disappear, completely annihilated, and will not fall into reincarnation!

And those true spirit fragments are condensing one complete Taiqing Dao crystal one after another, and twenty-seven are condensed in a blink of an eye!

Mirage clone is overjoyed!

This harvest is so rich!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

It was at this moment that the six pure bamboos sensed the annihilation of the Universal Yin True Spirit, and suddenly let out a mournful cry!

puff~!

In the next second, there was a light sound in its rod!

The seal of recognition that Puyin had left in it was shattered!

The six pure bamboos suddenly became an ownerless thing!

It also gave up struggling!

Yueling and Bingling hurriedly speed up the seal!

huh~! huh~!

In just a few breaths, the two clones completely sealed it.

Yueling's clone happily put away the six pure bamboos!

That's it, an artifact of the avenue is in hand!

At the same time, the Bing Ling clone began to collect Taiqing Daojing!

The phantom avatar began to pinch the seal, swallowing the remaining luck of the general guide.

At the same moment, the Heaven Punishing Sword was out of the formation!

After Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised, he was going to stop him from picking up Venerable!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your clone is using luck to swallow! ã€‘

[Luck swallowed successfully! You have swallowed all the luck of Pu Yin, your luck value +9 times]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised again!

9 times luck!

That is equivalent to an increase of 9 billion star combat power!

And his luck value has reached 180,000 times!

Having said that, this time, his reputation has also risen continuously, and now it has reached 2.24 million points!

"not good!"

Suddenly, Qin Feng's face changed slightly!

He saw that Venerable Jie Yin had already reached the vicinity of the Blue Star Realm, which was only ten thousand miles away from the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

If he doesn't stop it, I'm afraid it will be too late!

huh~!