Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But only when he thought about it, a golden light arrow shot towards his back!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the light arrow passed, the starry sky was shattered inch by inch, the avenues were all annihilated, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

That is exactly the blow fired by the master of the light domain!

He wants to stop Qin Feng!

That arrow has locked Qin Feng's breath, making it inevitable!

"Damn!"

Qin Feng is annoyed!

He quickly turned around with an axe, and the light arrow collapsed!

But just because of this delay, Venerable Jie Yin had already reached the sky above the Blue Star Realm and arrived at the Heaven Punishing Sword Array.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly, and he hurriedly rushed to the Blue Star Realm.

The Master of Guangming Domain looked at Qin Feng's back and showed a sneer of pride!

At this moment, Qin Feng is tens of millions of miles away from the Blue Star Realm, and it is definitely too late to stop him!

At the same moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm!

All the sword light dissipated, revealing the three avatars of Mirage, Moon Spirit, and Ice Spirit!

They have already cleared the battlefield, and the harvest is full! ,

But at this moment, Venerable Jie Yin carried a monstrous anger and killed the sky above the great formation!

He has already sensed that the younger brother has been completely annihilated!

This made him extremely sad and angry, and his heart was suddenly filled with anger!

"Go to death!"

Boom~!

As soon as he arrived, Venerable Jieyin's eyes were red, and he shot in anger!

Take the Tianbao Building and smash it down!

Om~!

At that moment, the Daoguang light from the Tianbao Building was released, and the sky covered the sky and the earth, covering the three clones and the Blue Star Realm!

He wants everything in front of him!

Smashed to pieces!

He wants to avenge his younger brother!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Treasures are falling! The universe roars!

The momentum of that building will destroy the universe and destroy the heavens. Horror to the extreme!

The three avatars were horrified, and their faces changed greatly!

Such a terrifying attack, they couldn't resist it at all!

At the same moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was also horrified, secretly shouting that it was not good!

After all, Qin Feng is too far away, and it is too late to rescue!

On the other side, the Lord of Bright Domain was excited!

He thought that he was going to succeed in receiving the venerable one!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that building smashed into the front of the three clones, but the distance was only ten thousand feet, and the situation was extremely dangerous!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and a stalwart figure appeared in front of the three clones!

Qin Feng teleported here!

What he used was Space Summoning!

Boom~!

At this appearance, Qin Feng slashed an axe wildly and met the attack of the lead!

In the blink of an eye, an axe and a building collided wildly!

Bang~~!

A bang like a world-breaking 5!

A huge explosion of energy!

It directly blew through the universe, leaving behind a black hole in the starry sky that was bigger than a planet!

The violent explosion sound waves spread, rushing the clones into an unstable shape, and they retreated back one by one!

Qin Feng and Venerable Jie Yin also groaned at the same time, and they were shocked back!

In this face-to-face, the two sides were evenly matched!

This time, the audience was dumbfounded again!

Qin Feng has become stronger again!

Before, Qin Feng's performance was weaker than Venerable Jie Yin and stronger than the Master of Bright Domain.

Under the siege of the two powerhouses, he has always been at a disadvantage, and there has never been a tie!

This time, he was actually tied with Venerable Jie Yin!

Jie Yin looked at Qin Feng in astonishment!

He never thought that this little thief would become stronger again!

Immediately, he roared: "Damn little thief! This deity is going to see today, how long can your secret technique last?"

With a roar, Venerable Jie Yin slaughtered towards Qin Feng!

He has gone completely insane!

Up to now, he still firmly believes that Qin Feng's continuous improvement in combat power is because of the use of some kind of secret technique, not the real strength improvement!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides are fighting together!

The field was suddenly slaughtered, the universe shook, and even the avenues were obliterated!

This time, the two sides were evenly matched, and it was indistinguishable!

The Master of the Bright Domain looked at it blankly for a while, and then he reacted.

Immediately, he raised the divine bow, condensed a golden light arrow, and was about to attack Qin Feng!

It was at this moment that a roar of reception was heard from the battlefield!

"Brother Guangming! Don't attack this little thief! Go and destroy his clone and the Blue Star Realm! Destroy the foundation of this little thief!"

Hearing this, the master of the light domain was moved, and he quickly turned the arrow to point to the blue star realm.

Seeing this scene, the faces of the three avatars changed slightly, secretly shouting that it was not good!

In the battle circle, Qin Feng suddenly felt bad!

That Blue Star Realm is his foundation!

Without the Blue Star Realm, he would not be able to become the Lord of the Sanctuary, nor would he be able to become the Lord of this universe!

And the three avatars will definitely not be able to resist that arrow, so he must stop it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was about to take action, but he was horrified to find that his breath had been locked in!

All space summons and teleportation are imprisoned!

Apparently, Venerable Jie Yin had been prepared for a long time, but he was not allowed to save the Blue Star Realm!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

At the same time, Jie Yin also launched an attack on him frantically, entangling him!

Qin Feng was in a hurry!

huh~!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the master of the light domain loosened his finger, and a terrifying golden light arrow shot towards the blue star realm.

Chapter 948: Qinglong helps! New Taoist!

"Damn!"

When he saw the light arrow lashing away, Qin Feng roared!

Immediately, his figure flashed, and he was about to go to the rescue!

Boom~!

A giant building was swept across the face, shaking him back to his original position!

Looking up again, he saw Venerable Jie Yin's smug smile on his face!

Obviously, he was entangled with Qin Feng!

At the same time, the light arrow was extremely fast, like a bolt of lightning!

In the blink of an eye, the light arrow was already approaching the Blue Star Realm, and it went straight towards the planet.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the arrow tip passed, layers of void were penetrated, every inch of space was shattered, and the aura emanating from it reached 16 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

Mirage clones, moon spirit clones, and ice spirit clones are all terrified!

But at this moment, Qin Feng has been unable to come back to rescue. If this arrow is allowed to hit the Blue Star Realm, the planet will be bombed on the spot!

Then Qin Feng's foundation in this universe will be lost!

With this in mind, the three avatars hurriedly started!

No matter what, they must keep the Blue Star Realm!

I saw the sword trick in the hand of the phantom avatar, and hundreds of millions of lightsabers shot out towards the golden light arrow!

Boom~! Boom~!

At the same moment, the Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone also shot at the same time!

One held the Xihuang Sword and the other held the man-made whip, and they all slammed into the golden light arrow with all their strength!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A loud bang!

That arrow defeated the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation, and also defeated the attacks of Yueling and Mu Ling, and went straight through the first line of defense of the three avatars, and continued to shoot towards the Blue Star Realm!

However, the three avatars are not completely inactive!

Under their obstruction, the power of that arrow was weakened to 12 trillion stars!

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm.

Venerable Ziyuan has been looking up at the battle in the starry sky!

At this moment, when he saw that the three avatars did not stop the light arrow, he was so frightened that he was so scared!

He is in the Blue Star Realm!

If that arrow hits the Blue Star Realm, he will also be shattered along with the planet, and he will be blown to pieces!

Swish~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and the wood spirit clone appeared out of thin air!