Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the next breath, the wooden spirit clones continued to pinch the seals, and one person controlled the three major spiritual flags, including the plain-colored cloud world flag, the Zhenwu soap carving flag, and the cyan Baolian flag!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At that moment, the three major spirit flags were driven to the extreme!

Outside the planet, a dazzling three-color mask lights up!

Huh~~!

The golden light arrow has been lasing!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The light arrow blasted three layers of masks in a row, and continued to shoot towards the Blue Star Realm!

Its power has also been weakened by 7 trillion stars, and it is still extremely terrifying!

"Damn!"

The wood spirit clones are furious!

At this moment, there is no protection to stop the arrow, he can only desperately!

Boom~!

The wood spirit avatar rose into the sky, and went straight to meet the arrow, bombarding it with all its strength!

At that moment, he launched a knowing strike and unleashed his strongest strike!

Bang~!

That arrow instantly defeated the attack of Mu Ling, and the remaining force bombarded the body of Mu Ling, blasting it on the spot, and continued to shoot towards the Blue Star Realm!

After this interception, the power of the light arrow was weakened to 3 trillion stars!

But such power can still destroy a planet!

Moreover, in the Blue Star Realm, no one can stop that arrow!

At this time, the three clones were outside the planet, and Qin Feng was also entangled!

Everyone could only watch helplessly, the Blue Star Realm was bombarded by that arrow!

Seeing that scene, Qin Feng was in a hurry!

The bright domain master opened his eyes with excitement!

That arrow finally passed through the layers of obstacles and was about to explode the Blue Star Realm!

Having said that, this little thief's clone is really not weak!

It actually weakened his 16 trillion hits to 3 trillion stars again and again!

However, 3 trillion is enough!

This little thief's planet is about to be bombed!

At this moment, the bright domain master was so excited that his eyes lit up!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

huh~!

I saw a flash of light and shadow, and a green-robed figure suddenly appeared in the sky above the Blue Star Realm, blocking the light arrow!

In the next breath, the figure of Qingpao raised his hand and punched, slamming the light arrow fiercely!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The light arrow shattered!

The planet trembles!

Qingpao's figure did not move at all!

This sudden scene stopped the audience!

All the powerhouses looked at the figure of Qingpao in surprise!

That green robe figure is the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

He actually took action to save the Blue Star Realm!

At this moment, the field became dead silent!

The atmosphere is a little weird!

Qin Feng was quite surprised!

The sages and the masters of the light domain all frowned!

After a long time, Venerable Jie Yin broke the silence.

"Fellow Daoist Qinglong, what do you mean"?"

Venerable Jie Yin suppressed his anger, and his tone was very annoyed!

The master of the light domain also said coldly: "Fellow Daoist Qinglong, you want to be the enemy of our two gods?! Then you must think clearly!"

The tone of the two was aggressive, and they did not take the Azure Dragon Domain Lord in their eyes!

After all, this Azure Dragon Domain Lord is only half-step eternal, and has not reached the peak of half-step, so he is not their opponent at all.

In this world where strength is respected, only the strong will be respected.

The high-level tone of the two of them made the Azure Dragon Domain Lord very annoyed!

He has been holding back for a long time!

If it weren't for the taboo of making sacrifices to the sky, he wouldn't be so timid.

Immediately, he sneered: "Are you two too deceiving?!"

Receipt frowned: "Qinglong! It was you who went back on your word and said that we deceived people too much! Before, you clearly promised not to interfere in the grievances between us and Qin Feng! Why are you helping him now?!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sneered: "When did I help him?"

All of them laughed angrily: "Qinglong, do you think we are all blind? If you hadn't blocked that arrow, the Blue Star Realm would have been bombed! You also said that you didn't help Qin Feng?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was annoyed: "If I don't block this arrow, will my subordinate still be alive? You have a grudge against Qin Feng, so just trouble him! Why implicate my subordinate?"

As soon as these words fell, Venerable Ziyuan hurried forward.

"Two adults, my domain master is right! You have a grudge against this fellow Qin Feng, and what is the relationship between you and the next? If the arrow just now, if the domain master did not save you, the next and this planet will be transformed together. It's rubbish!"

Speaking of which, Venerable Ziyuan is still very angry.

Venerable Jie Yin and the Master of the Bright Domain were all stunned for a moment, and they couldn't help but look at each other on the ground!

right!

This purple-robed old man doesn't seem to belong to Qin Feng!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Especially the Lord of the Bright Domain, he has some impressions of Venerable Ziyuan.

This guy seems to be the master of the Azure Dragon Starfield, so he can't be Qin Feng's subordinate!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord said again: "Besides, you have a grudge against Qin Feng! Then fight with him, why can't you live with this life planet?"

"This planet belongs to my Azure Dragon Star Region! This deity is the master of this Star Region! If you destroy this planet, you are destroying what belongs to me! Shouldn't I stop it?"

"This…"

Venerable Jie Yin opened his mouth slightly, a little stunned!

The owner of the light domain didn't know how to answer.

They were speechless by the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

It is indeed true that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord said it!

After hesitating for a moment, he said: "Daoist Qinglong, it was our negligence that we almost hurt the subordinate beside you before. Then you can take him aside."

"As for this Blue Star Realm, the deity is still going to be destroyed! Because it is the root nest of Qin Feng's little thief!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but curled the corners of his mouth, feeling a little unhappy!

This old thing is a little thief, and he really doesn't exist!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord also sneered: "Fellow Daoist, don't you see that Qin Feng doesn't have any Star Lord aura? This Blue Star World is still a last-class planet without a Star Lord!"

"That is to say, the owner of this planet is not Qin Feng! For a planet without a star owner, its management authority belongs to me, the domain owner!"

hum~~!

As soon as the voice fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord pinched a seal!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the planet under his feet trembled, and the heavenly aura actually lit up!

The next second, a majestic white light of energy flew out of the planet and poured into the body of the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

The momentum of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly soared, and in a blink of an eye, 500 million stars were added!

That is why he borrowed the power of heaven and earth from the Blue Star Realm!

Only a planet without a star master can borrow the power of heaven and earth by the domain master!

Seeing this scene, the expression on the lead suddenly became complicated.

Obviously, what the Azure Dragon Domain Master said is true!

This Qin Feng is only a creature born in the Blue Star Realm, not its star master, which means that the Blue Star Realm is not owned by Qin Feng.

He didn't understand, how could this little thief Qin Feng not be a star master with such a strong strength!

But this is the end of the matter, and he doesn't want to have trouble again!

At the moment, he bowed his hands to the master of the Azure Dragon Domain.

"Fellow Daoist Qinglong, it was all a misunderstanding before! That being the case, I will not deal with this planet and your subordinates. Then don't interfere in this battle!"

Qin Feng's strength has been increasing, making it a big taboo for the Venerable.

Now, he is very worried that the Azure Dragon Domain Master will help!

At that time, he might have nothing to do with Qin Feng.

The owner of the Qinglong domain said in a low voice: "Qing has always said what he said! I am not willing to participate in what you are waiting for! It seems that there are many things here, so it is not appropriate to stay for a long time! Qing takes a step first, you can judge for yourself!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Master pinched a seal.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the planet trembled, and the void roared!

In the next second, the huge planet was under his control, escaping to the center of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

And the three moons of the Blue Star Realm - the Blue Moon Star, the Blue Moon Star, and the Red Moon Star also went with them!

The scene of this planet moving is shocking!

Received the venerable, the light domain master silently watching, did not stop!

Qin Feng was stunned!

It was at this moment that the voice transmission of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord came from his ears.

"Qin Feng, this deity will move this blue star world to the center of the star field! If you get out of trouble, come to the center of the star field to find the planet! I can help you, that's all!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he looked at the back of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord with some surprise.

It turns out that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is doing this to help him preserve his foundation in disguise!

Having said that, it is not easy for the Azure Dragon Domain Master to achieve such a level.

After all, behind the lead, there is the terrifying existence of the eternal realm of 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven'!

Because he was afraid of the great sacrifice to the sky, he didn't dare to help Qin Feng outright, so he could only use this method.

In a blink of an eye, the Azure Dragon Domain Master has already controlled the Blue Star Realm, escaping hundreds of millions of miles away!

At this time, the phantom avatar waved his hand, the stars around him gathered, and the wood spirit avatar was instantly resurrected, and the momentum was still at its peak!

"Damn!"