Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the roar of the Demon King of Hell gradually subsided, and the earth no longer trembled.

He raised his head slightly, looked in the direction of Fen Tiangu, and hesitated.

Today, he has cast Ice Storm three times, consuming a lot of energy and reaching his casting limit.

If he encounters monsters like Fire Spirit again, he will not be able to cast Ice Storm anymore.

It seemed that he had to find a way to regain his energy.

Qin Feng is still more cautious about hunting the Demon King of Hell.

He is not afraid of the Demon King of Inferno Hell, but he is afraid that there will be too many ants to kill the elephant.

Judging from the situation of killing all the way, the subordinates of the five kings are more than one.

If he doesn't master one or two group attack skills, the situation is not easy to deal with.

By the way, the novice cabin.

I'll go back to the novice's cabin for a while to cultivate and rejuvenate. After my energy is restored, I'll kill the Infernal Demon King again.

Anyway, in one day, he can perform 'One Key Return' three times.

He has one more chance.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly cleaned up the battlefield and prepared to return to the village.

It didn't take long for him to collect the spoils and get a total of 121 pieces of 'elf's certificate'.

With the 3 pieces in his hand, the total is 124 pieces.

Ha ha!

This is a big gain!

Having said that, after beheading more than 3,000 fire spirits, the level progress reached level 14 (2967000/4000000), which can be said to have increased significantly, close to 75%.

And after killing the Fire King, his reputation rose to 91 points, another big improvement.

After this battle, he still received a lot of money, which made him feel very happy.

"It's time to go back!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and activated a key to return to the village.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Novice Hu Neng has risen to level 10. He is the tenth person who has completed the novice assessment in this village and will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Village has reached the standard of level 1 village upgrade, you can choose one-key upgrade on the village chief operation interface. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked, and his eyes were ecstatic.

Ha ha!

Hu Neng's upgrade is too timely!

As long as the village is successfully upgraded, he can get a lot of rewards.

At the same time, he can also upgrade his cabin to level 3.

Level 3 cabins regenerate faster and save more time.

Om~!

One minute to stay.

Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same moment, there was thunderous cheers in the chat channel.

"Haha! That's great! That's great! Big Hu Neng has risen to level 10!"

"Haha! Long live! Long live Hu Neng boss!"

"Everyone, in this way, our Longyuan Village can finally be upgraded to a level 1 village."

"Yeah! I'm looking forward to being promoted to a level 1 village! I don't know if we will get any benefits this time?"

"There will definitely be benefits! Heaven will definitely bring blessings!"

"That's right! The villagers of a level 1 village are definitely different from the villagers of a level 0 village. If there is no benefit at all, who would go all out to upgrade the village?"

"That's right! I can't wait now!"

"When will the boss upgrade the village?"

"Yeah! I'm so anxious to wait! Boss Qin Feng, hurry up and upgrade the village!"

"Don't rush everyone! The boss must be busy, we'll just wait."

"That's right! Everyone wait slowly, don't delay the boss's business."

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone looked up.

One by one eagerly waiting for Qin Feng to operate...

At the same time, in the largest wooden house in Longyuan Village.

With a flash of white light, Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

Return to the village with one click!

He is back!

When he returned to his wooden house, Qin Feng found that his wooden house was different from before.

In front of the wooden house, the space has more than doubled, and it is no longer a single room, but has become a kitchen and a room.

In addition to the place to sleep and rest, there is an additional kitchen.

In the kitchen, there are all kinds of iron pots and utensils, barbecue grills, everything, and even a rune configuration that absorbs oil fumes.

Looking at the living room, it is more spacious than before.

Floors and walls are also more refined.

The bed is also wider, and the quilt made of fur looks softer and more comfortable.

At the same time, there are more coffee tables, desks, and several chairs in the room.

On the wooden floor on the side, there is also a futon made of fur, which is used for meditation.

As soon as Qin Feng approached the futon, he felt the cool breath coming from the futon, which made people feel calm.

At that moment, energy and physical strength are also recovering at an accelerated rate.

He opened the futon involuntarily, and saw a piece of ice stone under the futon, with many magical runes engraved on it.

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

Sure enough!

It turns out that the role of the ice stone is here.

Having said that, level 2 cabins are different, much more advanced than level 1 cabins.

This is the first time he has come back to see his wooden house since he upgraded to level 2.

At this moment, a lot of excited conversations sounded outside the wooden house.

"Brothers, our village has reached the upgrade standard. When will Qin Feng upgrade the village?"

"It should be very soon! When has the boss let us down?"

"That's right! Hey! Look at the boss's wooden house, high-end atmosphere, much better than ours."

"That's a level 2 wooden house! Of course it's awesome!"

"Yeah! I'm so envious! I wish I had a wooden house like the boss."

"Haha! After Boss Qin Feng upgrades our village, you will have the right to upgrade to a level 2 wooden house."

"Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu (My hut is still level 0. Even if I have permission, I will rank it up. Not everyone can be as awesome as the boss!"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

There were people coming and going outside, talking a lot.

Today's Longyuan Village is different from the past. From time to time, someone will use the "one-key return to the village", or come back to rest, or come back to form a team together.

The village is becoming more and more popular.

Time to upgrade the village!

Qin Feng hurriedly opened the village chief operation interface and pressed 'one-key upgrade'...

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Village has been upgraded from a level 0 village to a level 1 village…]

Boom~Long~Long!

The next second, the sky is shaking!

The entire Longyuan Village is slowly expanding outwards, causing the villagers in the village to show panic.

In just a moment, the area of ​​Longyuan Village has doubled.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 50 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng, you will be blessed by the Tao of Heaven and receive 100 attribute rewards. 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the news was announced, the air began to vibrate.

Immediately afterwards, white beams of light descended from the sky and fell on all the villagers.

The attributes of everyone have skyrocketed, and the attribute number has skyrocketed by 50 points in a blink of an eye.

Suddenly, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of the village.

At the same time, in Qin Feng's wooden house.

A beam of light landed on him, and his attribute points skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, 100 attribute points soared...

Of course, the benefits of upgrading the village did not end.

Chapter 116 The wooden house is upgraded, and the attributes skyrocket!

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone was extremely excited.

"Haha! It went up! It went up again! 50 attribute points!"

"Yeah! 50 attributes, more than one level up!"

"This means that we have risen one level for nothing!"

"Haha!! That's of course! I'm level 6 now, and my talent is F level, but I dare to kill level 9 beasts."

"Haha! Killing monsters at level three is already the basic operation of our village."

"Cool! It's so cool! I want to kill monsters now!"

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: Longyuan Village has been upgraded to level 1, and the villagers' novice cabins have been opened to level 2 permissions. 】

[Reminder: Level 1 novice cabin is upgraded to level 2, and you can get 100 attribute rewards. 】

Boom~!

This time, the audience is boiling.

"Fuck~! Upgrading a wooden house to level 2 will reward you with 100 attribute points!"

"Powerful! Too powerful!"

"Go and see the conditions for upgrading to a 2-level cabin."

At the moment, everyone entered the villager operation interface one after another.

At the same time, Qin Feng also received a reminder from Tiandao.