Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, the bright domain master was very angry!

The only result of his previous arrow was to kill the wood spirit clone.

Unexpectedly, this guy is resurrected again!

In other words, his previous arrows had no success!

At this time, Venerable Jie Yin also reacted.

"Brother Guangming! I continue to entangle Qin Feng! Go and kill those four guys!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the two of them finished their work, they started immediately.

At this moment, Venerable Jie Yin continued to pounce on Qin Feng!

The master of the light domain raised the divine bow and aimed at the phantom avatar...

But at this moment, the four avatars all turned into white light, and they all disappeared into the starry sky, not even a breath!

The master of the light domain was suddenly stunned!

In fact, the four avatars have escaped back to the small universe, and the light domain master naturally cannot sense it!

Just when the master of the light domain was in a daze, a violent roar suddenly sounded in the field!

"¨'Little thief! Where are you fleeing?"

The master of the light domain quickly turned around and looked, and saw that Qin Feng was fleeing into the depths of the starry sky, but he did not fight with Venerable Jiyin!

The sage is chasing after him!

The master of the light domain was frightened and angry, and he quickly flashed his figure and chased away!

At this moment, Qin Feng fled in front of him, catching up, and Guangming chasing after him!

The direction in which the three escaped was exactly the opposite of the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

This is exactly what Qin Feng intends to do!

He just wanted to lead the two of them away, lest they suddenly regret it, turn around and go back to destroy the Blue Star Realm and let him lose his foundation in this universe!

On the other hand, Qin Feng also wanted to take this opportunity to get rid of the two, and didn't want to continue fighting.

With his current strength, there is no possibility of defeating the two of them at all!

And the protracted war is not good for him!

Because his six prisons can only last for 2 hours!

If the Six Prison Suppression fails, he will definitely lose!

Therefore, he wants to take advantage of this time to get rid of the pursuit of the two!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In this way, Qin Feng fled to the depths of the starry sky at full speed!

The two of them have also made a real fire, and they are determined not to die, to chase after them...

Time passed by every second!

In a blink of an eye, the three of you chased me and ran away in the starry sky for an hour!

What terrified Qin Feng was that both Venerable Jie Yin and Guangming Domain Master were good at escaping.

After an hour, he couldn't shake them off!

It seems that his original plan failed!

The only thing that succeeded was that he kept the two of them away from the Blue Star Realm, which was considered to have kept their foundation.

In fact, the horror in the hearts of the two people is no less than Qin Feng!

They found that Qin Feng's speed has been accelerating a little bit after the chase, and it seems that his strength has been increasing!

But they didn't see Qin Feng cultivating, why did his strength keep improving?

The two of them naturally didn't know that within an hour of the outside world, 60 hours had passed in Qin Feng's universe center!

In these 60 hours, Qin Feng's mind body refined another 24 Taiqing Daojing!

Those 24 Taiqing Daojing were obtained when he killed Venerable Puyin!

Originally, he had obtained 27 pieces, three of which had already been realized, and did not need refining.

In this way, he has obtained 24 avenues, the number of avenues in his grasp has reached 481, and his basic combat power has also increased to 1.73 trillion stars!

"Hey! Daojing has finished refining! I have improved what should be improved! But I still haven't been able to get rid of the pursuit of these two!"

At this time, Qin Feng fled and muttered.

At this moment, he was a little anxious.

His six prison days can only last for an hour.

Looking at this situation, even if he escaped for another hour, he wouldn't be able to get rid of the two behind him.

That being the case, he might as well let go of his hands and feet and fight again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stopped!

In the distance, the two of them were ecstatic when they saw Qin Feng stop.

"Haha! Brother Guangming! I will say that this little thief's strength is improved by relying on secret techniques! At this time, he will no longer escape, it must be the time limit for secret techniques!"

The owner of the light domain was overjoyed: "It's so wonderful! This time, his death time has come!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them rushed to Qin Feng!

At the same time, Qin Feng stood in the air, waiting for the two to kill them!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides are only hundreds of millions of miles apart!

Qin Feng has clenched the handle of the axe and is ready for another **** battle!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a majestic aura of the Great Dao emanated from the center of his own small universe and poured into his whole body!

Tiandao also came with a hint of Yu Yu

[Reminder: Your Pantian Divine Armor (Peak of Fortune) has been fully integrated with the ‘Heaven and Earth’s Profound Yellow Qi’, and it will be automatically promoted to the Great Way! 】

[Pantian Shenjia was promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Houtian Avenue - Bagua Avenue! 】

[Pantian Shenjia was promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Houtian Avenue - the Four Elephants Avenue! 】

[Pantian Shenjia was promoted to the weapon of the avenue successfully! Automatically awakened the Houtian Avenue - Liangyi Avenue! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and ecstatic!

At this moment, his Pantian Divine Armor was promoted to the weapon of the Great Dao! .

Chapter nine hundred and forty-nine immeasurable congenital! Virtue God **** it!

After a while, the promotion of Pantian Divine Armor was completed, and Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your Pantian Divine Armor has been promoted to 'Pantian Dao Armor'! 】

[Pantian Daojia: The device of the avenue, the only one in the universe! 】

[It contains: Time, Space, Wind, Thunder, Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Cold, Fate, Nether, Eight Trigrams, Four Signs, Liang Yi, Wuji, Taiji, Infinite, etc. 18 Great Ways! 】

[Reminder: Its combat power feeds back 100 million stars, the attack increases by 50%, and the defense increases by 10%! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng is ecstatic again!

This Pan Tian Dao Armor actually contains 18 kinds of avenues, which is more powerful than the Pan Tian Dao Axe!

What's more powerful is that it can not only strengthen the defense, but also strengthen the attack!

Qin Feng's eyes are shining!

He finally saw the hope of defeating the two of them!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[You gained the insight of the Eight Diagrams Avenue from the ‘Pantian Daojia’, you are now starting to awaken the Eight Diagrams Avenue (the day after tomorrow)]

[You gained the insight of the Four Elephants Dao from ‘Pantian Daojia’, you are now starting to awaken the Four Elephants Dao (the day after tomorrow)]

[You gained the insight of Liangyi Dao from ‘Pantian Daojia’, you are now starting to awaken Liangyi Dao (the day after tomorrow)]

[You gained the insight of Tai Chi Dao from ‘Pantian Daojia’, you are now starting to awaken Tai Chi Dao (the day after tomorrow)]

[You gained the insight of Wuji Dao from 'Pantian Daojia', you are now beginning to awaken Wuji Dao (the day after tomorrow)]

[You gained the insight of the Infinite Dao from the 'Pantian Daojia', you are now beginning to awaken the Infinite Dao (Xiantian)]Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng gained six avenues from the Pantian Daojia, one of which is the Xiantian Dao

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed all the way!

At the same time, the blue light between his eyebrows flared, the seal of the universe emerged, and the twenty-second green lotus petals began to condense.

After the awakening of the Infinite Dao, the seal of the universe also condensed the complete twenty-second petals, and then quietly disappeared.

At this time, Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

Today, the number of avenues he masters has reached 487, and his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 1.74 trillion stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the starry sky in front vibrated and roared constantly!

The two of them have already been killed, and they will be killed in a blink of an eye!

At this moment, their faces are full of excitement!

In their opinion, Qin Feng should be at the end of the shot, so he had to stop!

They saw the hope of killing Qin Feng!

"Little thief! Why didn't you escape?! Could it be that you don't have the strength to escape? Haha!"

At this moment, the Venerable received 517 laughter!

His speed also increased by one point!

Seeing this, Qin Feng sneered and waved.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the divine light flashed on his body, and a divine armor appeared on his body, and he was fully dressed in an instant!

That is Pantian Daojia!

In just an instant, he put on the Pantian Dao Armor, and the whole person suddenly became extraordinarily powerful, and his momentum also skyrocketed!

Pantian Daojia can feed back 100 million star combat power!

But with the blessing of the Seven Killing Divine Physique, the combat power has skyrocketed by 200 million stars, which is extraordinary!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that Venerable Jie Yin arrived first!

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

As soon as he arrived, Venerable Yingyin went all out and smashed towards Qin Feng's head!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the giant building passed, the starry sky disappeared, the heavens collapsed, and the momentum was still 18 trillion stars, extremely terrifying!