Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

huh~!

At the same moment, another golden light arrow came first and shot towards Qin Feng's chest!

That is the attack of the light domain master!

In an instant, the buildings were connected with one arrow, and they attacked Qin Feng together!

The combined power is comparable to 19 trillion hits, making the world tremble, and the avenue retreats!

At this moment, the faces of the two of them were full of hideous expressions, and there was still excitement in their eyes!

Up to now, they thought Qin Feng was at the end of the fight, so they had to stop fighting!

Therefore, they decided that Qin Feng could not take this joint strike!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

Swah~~!

Axe flashes! Soar to the sky!

Endless light fills the starry sky!

Qin Feng threw an axe with all his strength, facing the incoming attack, ignoring the arrow from the master of the light domain!

Such an abnormal behavior made the two of them stunned!

Before that, when Qin Feng faced the joint strike of the two, they were all locked at the same time, and he did not dare to miss anything!

Now, he only chooses one attack to resist, obviously he can't catch the combined blow!

Ha ha!

This little thief really is the last resort!

With this in mind, the two of them are even more excited!

After many previous battles, the Guangming Domain Master already knows that Qin Feng is strong in attack and weak in defense!

According to his estimation, Qin Feng's defense level is not bad if it reaches 10 trillion stars!

And the power of that arrow reached 16 trillion stars!

How dare this little thief not resist, he will definitely be pierced by an arrow!

Swish~!

At this time, Qin Feng slashed out with an axe!

The Dao Axe and Dao Armor are all divine light!

Two great weapons, the skills are activated instantly!

Six Prison Suppression is also activated simultaneously!

Its attack power suddenly skyrocketed by 35%!

The momentum of that axe suddenly skyrocketed all the way!

Where the axe light passes, time and space are cut off, the avenue is annihilated, and it is extremely terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's axe was about to collide with the incoming attack!

Huh~~!Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

But at this moment, the arrow from the master of the light domain came first and hit Qin Feng's chest first!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The arrow hit Qin Feng's chest firmly, but it collapsed instantly, turned into a little starlight, and scattered away!

And Qin Feng only shook his body slightly, without the slightest injury, not even half a step back!

Pantian Daojia's penetrating defense helped him block that arrow!

The Lord of the Bright Domain was dumbfounded!

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng and Venerable Jie Yin's attacks collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The universe exploded!

The heavens shake!

Everywhere in the center of the explosion, everything disintegrated, revealing a space black hole larger than a planet!

The next second, Venerable Jie Yin groaned, and was smashed out by an axe, tumbling and flying thousands of miles away!

And Qin Feng was only shaken back a hundred feet!

The Lord of Guangming Domain looked at Qin Feng in disbelief!

This is the first time that Qin Feng has the upper hand since the two sides fought!

But he couldn't figure out how Qin Feng did it!

This kid shouldn't be at the end of the fight, why has he become stronger? !

Looking at the attacking momentum of the axe just now, it should be infinitely close to 21 trillion stars!

The owner of the light domain is extremely shocked!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng stepped forward and disappeared!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in front of the master of the light domain!

not good!

The Lord of Guangming Territory was horrified, and when he raised his hand, an arrow shot towards Qin Feng's heart!

At this moment, the two sides are only a few dozen feet apart!

At such a close distance, the arrow was fast and urgent, making it unavoidable!

But Qin Feng ignored the arrow at all, and slashed straight at the master of the light domain with an axe!

Swish~!

Axe flashes! Skip the sky!

The axe's momentum shrouded the area, and it also locked the owner of the light domain, condensed the trend of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and slashed away!

huh~! Bang~!

At this moment, the arrow of the bright domain master hit Qin Feng's chest, but it was still blocked by Pantian Daojia without any impact!

Now that the combat power does not exceed 2 billion stars, it is impossible to shake Qin Feng!

With Pantian Daojia, Qin Feng's weak defense has been made up, and the comprehensive strength has been greatly improved!

Seeing that the arrow did nothing, the owner of the light domain was even more disappointed!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's axe has been chopped down!

Where the axe blade passed, the starry sky was cut open, the avenues were annihilated, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

In the blink of an eye, the axe was approaching the main door of the Bright Domain!

At this moment, the owner of the light domain has no time to dodge!

He subconsciously raised his hand and bowed, blocking in front of him!

In just an instant, the axe slashed on the bow body!

When~~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The divine bow was knocked flying!

The main arm of Guangming Domain was numb from the shock!

The remaining power of the axe continued to slash down, and finally fell on the chest of the bright domain master!

Bang~~!

A muffled sound!

The master of the light domain screamed, and his body was cracked by an axe, and he spewed blood and flew thousands of miles away!

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and once again dodged, he chased and killed the Lord of the Bright Domain!

On the other side, the master of the light domain finally stabilized his figure, only to see a white light flashing in front of him, and Qin Feng teleported again!

"not good!"

The face of the master of the light domain changed greatly!

At this moment, his whole body is cracked, blood is all over his body, and his aura has fallen to 70% of the peak. How can he be Qin Feng's opponent!

"Little thief! Stop it!"

Swish~!

It was at this moment that Venerable Ying Ying came to the rescue, and one of them smashed into Qin Feng!

"roll!"

Qin Feng raised his hand and it was an axe, and once again he flew the catch up thousands of miles away!

At this moment, the whole body of the light domain master lit up with silver light, and the injuries on his body healed at a speed visible to the naked eye, and in a blink of an eye, it recovered to 80%!

Swish~!

The axe light rises into the sky again!

Not waiting for the Lord of Bright Territory to recover, Qin Feng slashed towards the Lord of Bright Territory with another axe!

"Damn!"

In the panic, the master of the light domain offered a silver medal, but it was a top-quality god-level equipment!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the axe slashed down!

Kacha~!

Just hear a bang!

That axe split the silver shield!

Yu Li continued to slash to the Lord of the Bright Domain!

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The shrill scream of the lord of the light domain resounded in the field!

But in the next second, Qin Feng also snorted and spit out a big mouthful of blood with a 'wow'.

"Haha! Little thief! I knew you would do this!"

It was at this moment that the smug laughter of the bright domain master sounded in the field!

His corpse that was split in two took the initiative to merge into one and resurrected again!

At the same time, in Qin Feng's knowledge, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded.

[Reminder: Your soul body suffered from divine scourge and was injured! 】

[Reminder: The target has mastered the innate 'Avenue of Merit' and has its own divine powers of scourge! 】

[Reminder: Those who master the Dao of merit and virtue are people of great virtue and are protected by the Tao of Heaven. Those who injure the soul of a man of great virtue will automatically be punished, and the soul will suffer the same level of damage! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was shocked, and looked at the Lord of the Bright Domain with a look of astonishment!