"It turns out that you have mastered the avenue of merit!"

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

The avenue of merit is the top three innate avenues, and it is extremely difficult to comprehend.

Unexpectedly, this bright domain master actually mastered it!

At this moment, the master of Guangming Domain was proud: "Little thief! I'm afraid you didn't even think of it! This deity has its own merits and virtues to protect itself! How much you hurt my soul body, your soul body will also be hurt a little!"

"And the soul body of this deity has reached the level of the intermediate Taoist soul! With your cultivation of the true **** realm, I am afraid that you have not even reached the primary Taoist soul! Even if the deity does not resist, let you attack and kill, and finally your soul body will collapse first. Exterminate!"

"You want to kill the deity! It's just a dream! Haha!!"

At the end of the day, the master of the light domain burst into laughter!

However, his expression is very sluggish!

Although he was reborn and resurrected, the injury to his soul body could not be repaired.

That would take a lot of time to fix!

Having said that, the wound of the soul is a hundred times more difficult to repair than the wound of the flesh!

Soul rebirth is a thousand times more difficult than physical rebirth!

However, the owner of the light domain is not worried!

He is confident that his soul body is stronger than Qin Feng!

If Qin Feng wants to keep fighting like this, Qin Feng will definitely die in the end!

He has the most soul-heavy wounds, cultivated for a thousand years, and can still return to the peak!

Thinking of this, he suddenly looked at Qin Feng with a proud face, as if he had settled for Qin Feng!

Not far away, Venerable Jie Yin also saw this scene and was overjoyed!

"Haha! It turns out that fellow Daoist Guangming has mastered the avenue of merit! In this way, you are invincible! Little thief, what else do you think you can do?"

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the words fell, he attacked Qin Feng again!

Neither he nor the Lord of the Light Domain knew that Qin Feng's soul body had reached the level of the Great Perfection of the Intermediate Dao Soul, which was stronger than that of the Lord of the Light Domain!

If you really want to consume it like this, then you must die first to be the master of the light domain!

However, Qin Feng will not use this method to kill a thousand enemies and lose eight hundred!

At that moment, as soon as he thought about it, the silver avenue of spiritual light lit up on his body!

As soon as the light appeared, it was connected to the sky!

In the next second, Qin Feng's spirit body momentum was quickly repaired at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the blink of an eye, his soul body recovered from the injury, and his aura reached its peak again!

Anti-Guangming Domain Lord, still looks sluggish!

Seeing this scene, the bright domain master was dumbfounded!

The next second, his eyes widened in horror.

"You actually mastered the innate avenue - the avenue of souls!"

Congenital avenue!

Each one is extremely difficult to comprehend!

And the avenue of soul is the avenue for the soul body, and it is also the supreme avenue for repairing the soul body, which can just restrain the scourge of the avenue of merit!

At this moment, Qin Feng recovered!

The Lord of the Light Domain and Venerable Jie Yin were immediately dumbfounded!

In the next breath, Qin Feng will take another shot

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering force of the Innate Great Dao radiated from his body.

[Reminder: Your mind body successfully comprehends the Scroll of Merit Avenue, you comprehend the 1% Dao Rhyme of Merit Avenue, and your combat power +500 million stars]

[Congratulations on your epiphany realization of the innate avenue - the avenue of merit! You have been blessed by the power of the avenue, and the combat power has increased by +600 million stars]

[Your primary universe has successfully integrated the avenue of merit and virtue, and has been greatly strengthened, and you will permanently receive 600 million stars in the power of heaven and earth]

[Congratulations on your automatic awakening of the supernatural power of the ‘Avenue of Merit’ – the supernatural power of scourge! 】

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe has emerged again!

The twenty-third petal begins to condense

His momentum also began to soar!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

He actually awakened the avenue of merit at this moment!

Those who possess the Great Way of Merit and those who kill the Great Way of Merit will not suffer any more divine punishment!

At this moment, the twenty-third petals between Qin Feng's eyebrows condensed.

Suddenly, the golden light of his whole body was released, and the back of his head lit up with a radiant light!

A vision appeared in the air, and Piao Piao Xian music sounded!

Immediately afterwards, countless smallpox appeared and fell from the sky!

Countless golden lotuses appeared all around, an auspicious illusion of heaven!

That is Qin Feng's awakening of the Great Way of Merit, and Heavenly Dao blesses and celebrates it!

This scene completely shocked the Lord of the Light Domain and the Venerable Jie Yin!

Gosh!

This little thief has also awakened the avenue of merit!

The face of the bright domain master has become extremely ugly!

Chapter 950 Kill the Domain Lord! Hongmeng Purple Qi!

"This is"

On the other side, Venerable Jie Yin also stared at Qin Feng blankly, and stopped involuntarily.

"Hey~! That's it!"

In the next second, he sighed inwardly, ~turned around and left!

Now, Qin Feng has awakened the avenue of merit and virtue, and is sheltered by the Tao of Heaven-!

Injuring its soul body will be punished by heaven, and its own soul body will also suffer the same heavy damage.

Then **** it? !

What's more terrifying is that Qin Feng also mastered the way of soul, and is not afraid of soul injury.

As a result, this little thief is even scarier than a hedgehog!

To hurt him is to hurt yourself!

What's more, he can't beat Qin Feng now!

That being the case, if he doesn't leave, when will he wait?

He has to go back quickly and report the matter to Da Jitian!

Perhaps only the great power of half a step above the Great Perfection can kill this little thief!

Thinking of this, Venerable Jie Yin felt helpless, so he turned around and ran away!

Their move this time was a complete failure!

The Lord of the Light Territory was also alarmed when the Venerable Jie Yin retreated!

He woke up immediately, and quickly turned around and fled!

Lian Yin has escaped, what does he keep?

Before that, he did not forget to wave his hand and withdraw the bow of thorns.

It was at this moment that the vision that descended from the sky disappeared!

Qin Feng looked at the two who escaped, smiled coldly, and was about to go forward to chase and kill them.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an earth-shattering roar came from the center of his universe.

Heaven also sent a reminder

[It is detected that your 'chaotic space' already possesses twenty-four kinds of innate avenues of power, meeting the standards for promotion to the intermediate universe]

[Your 'primary universe' is being promoted]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing ecstasy!

His universe is finally going to be promoted!

Thinking about it, he has only mastered 23 innate avenues, but there is an extra causal avenue in the small universe!

In this way, the promotion standard has been reached!

【Successful promotion! Your 'primary universe' has been promoted to 'intermediate universe', and you have received 200 million universe power back! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the monstrous power of feeding back came in, and Qin Feng's momentum soared wildly all the way!

Before, he awakened one innate avenue and five acquired avenues, and his combat power increased from 1.73 trillion to 1.74 trillion!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This time, he soared directly to 1.94 trillion stars, not far from the goal of 2 trillion!

Having said that, Qin Feng's universe has been promoted to the intermediate universe, but he is not the master of the intermediate universe!

He has to master another innate avenue before he can be promoted to the master of the intermediate universe!

When he becomes the master of the intermediate universe and raises his basic combat power to 2 trillion, he can be promoted to an intermediate substitute!

In this way, he will take another big step forward on the road to becoming the way of heaven!

Don't want so much, he has to deal with the two masters of the light domain first!

With this in mind, Qin Feng once again looked at the two who escaped!

I saw that Venerable Jie Yin had escaped to a distance of 70 million miles.

The master of the light domain was slower and fled 50 million miles away!

Boom~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he chased and killed the master of the light domain.

At the same time, the master of the light domain is escaping at full speed!

Now, his soul injury has not healed, his momentum has been weakened a lot, and his speed is slower than in the heyday!

Suddenly, he heard the sound of rapid air breaking behind him, and he couldn't help but look back!

Seeing this, he was terrified!

I saw that Qin Feng was chasing and killing at full speed, and the momentum was three points stronger than before!

Gosh!

The strength of this little thief has increased again!

The master of the light domain was terrified, turned around and continued to escape!

Swish~!