Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, the white light flashed!

Qin Feng actually teleported in one step, raised his hand and slashed at him with an axe!

Om~!

That axe was split out, and the Dao Axe and Dao Armor were all shining!

Six Prisons and Heavens are activated simultaneously!

Where the axe blade passes, it cuts through the heavens and annihilates the avenues. The momentum is infinitely close to 23 trillion stars, and it is invincible at the peak of half a step!

"No~!"

The lord of the light domain shouted in horror!

At this moment, he just wanted to avoid this axe, but his breath was locked and he couldn't dodge at all!

At the moment of crisis, he put up a protective mask with all his strength!

Swah~~!

Axe light falls!

Violently chopped on top of the mask!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

A burst of blood splashed!

A mournful roar echoed in the starry sky!

With just one axe, Qin Feng split the Master of the Bright Domain with a mask and split them in half together!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the next breath, he danced wildly with his axe, slashing at the corpse of the master of the light domain!

Suddenly, the corpse was split into dozens of pieces!

The shrill screams continued!

Today's Bright Domain Lord has no power to fight back in front of Qin Feng!

"Pick up fellow Daoist! Save me! Quickly save me!"

It was at this moment that the cry for help from the Lord of the Light Territory sounded in the starry sky!

After all, he is a half-step eternal power, even if he is cut into dozens of pieces, it is difficult to obliterate him!

Hundreds of millions of miles away, when Venerable Yingyin heard the call for help, he hurriedly looked back!

When he saw it, he was shocked!

I saw Qin Feng waving the axe, stirring the universe to crack, the heavens swayed, and the momentum was three points stronger than that!

Gosh!

The strength of this little thief has skyrocketed again!

Venerable Jie Yin's face was inexplicably pale, and when he looked at Qin Feng's eyes, he showed fear!

Swish~!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The next second, his figure flashed, and he ran away without looking back!

In this way, the master of the light domain was ruthlessly abandoned!

"No~~!"

In the starry sky, the despairing roar of the bright domain master resounded!

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief!

His six prison days can only last for half an hour!

Fortunately, Venerable Jie Yin was scared away!

If you want to continue to consume the venerable, the final outcome is still unknown!

It’s all right now, take the Venerable and escape, and the Lord of the Light Domain is trapped by him!

The final victory will belong to him!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng thought about it, and the white light flashed around!

Mirage clones, moon spirit clones, ice spirit clones, and wood spirit clones appeared one after another!

In the next second, the phantom mirage avatar cast out the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

Yue Ling, Bing Ling, and Mu Ling also sacrificed Xihuang Sword, Human Whip, and Chi Tian Axe respectively!

Subsequently, the four avatars also launched a mad attack on the master of the light domain!

"Ah~~! Ah~~~!"

Terrible scream!

Reverberate in the stars!

With the addition of the four avatars, especially the killing of the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation, the situation of the Bright Domain Master is even more critical!

In just a moment, he was slaughtered into a fog of blood!

Qin Feng immediately turned on the **** of punishment, and shot the light of punishment into the blood mist.

Suddenly, the screams of the soul continued to be heard from the blood mist!

In this way, Qin Feng and the four avatars started the crazy killing of the master of the light domain together!

At the same time, at the center of Qin Feng's universe, in the human world.

One hundred thousand Longyuan disciples, as well as hundreds of thousands of vassal forces, looked up at the sky!

I saw a huge light curtain above the sky!

Inside the light curtain, the scene of the outside world appeared!

Qin Feng and the four avatars are working together to kill the master of the light domain!

The whole audience was stunned!

They never thought that the strength of the boss was so strong that even the light domain master who was half-step peak was crushed!

Those vassal forces who have taken refuge in them have long been shocked and their minds are blank, as if they are all down!

It turned out that when the four avatars returned to the center of the universe, they opened up the outside world for all beings in the human world!

Only the people of Longyuan can see the fighting situation outside!

At this moment, the killing outside is extremely fierce!

That shrill scream has been echoing in the starry sky!

After a quarter of an hour, the master of the light domain finally broke his soul and fell on the spot!

The audience suddenly burst into earth-shattering cheers!

At the same moment, the outer starry sky!

Qin Feng looked at the blood mist in front of him with joy!

At this moment, a white light flew out from the blood mist and poured into his body.

[You successfully killed the sinner 'Bright Universe' (half-step eternal peak), you got +50,000 gold judgment points]

[You killed a half-step eternal peak power for the first time, and you got +100,000 reputation points! 】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 1 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! 】

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light!

He was amazed!

The vocation has been promoted to level 1!

However, the vocation is not full until level 108!

This is a little different from a full-level human!

If the vocation reaches the full level, it will be even more beneficial for him to obtain the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master!

puff~!

At this moment, there was another soft sound from the front!

The true spirit of the Light Domain Lord was also annihilated by the Heaven Punishing Sword Formation!

The next second, another white light flew out of the array and poured into Qin Feng's body

[You killed the true spirit (the master of the light domain), and you got +70,000 gold judgment points! 】

[You killed a half-step eternal peak-level true spirit for the first time, and received a +150,000 reputation reward! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the merit and virtue crystal (innate)! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Holy Light)! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (belief)! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (eternal life)! 】

[You killed the true spirit and burst out a mass of Hongmeng purple energy (the foundation of the avenue)]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 101 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng once again lit up with an upgraded white light!

The vocation has been promoted again!

Qin Feng was amazed!

What surprised him even more was that after destroying the True Spirit, 37 Taiqing Dao Crystals and a cloud of Hongmeng Purple Qi burst out in one fell swoop!

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and put away those Taiqing Daojing.

He took a short inventory and smiled!

Of the 37 Taiqing Dao Crystals, 31 can be refined!

With the remaining 6 Dao Crystals, he has already awakened, and there is no need to refine it!

With this in mind, Qin Feng put away Daojing with satisfaction!

Then he waved again, and took a storage ring and a bow of thorns into his hands.

The thorns bow is a treasure of the peak of creation, and its attack power is not weak, so it can be used by the wood spirit clone.

So far, the weapons of the clone have reached the peak of creation.

The storage ring is the owner of the light domain, and the resources contained in it are extremely rich!

After Qin Feng finished the inventory, he put it away with satisfaction!

Finally, he looked at the cloud of purple energy in front of him!

[Hongmeng Purple Qi: The Foundation of the Dao (Human)]