Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Those who are half-step Great Perfection can fully refine this energy can be directly promoted to the Eternal Realm! 】

[Reminder: Those who are not half-step Great Perfectionists can refine this qi and randomly awaken ten acquired avenues and one innate avenue! 】

Boom~!

After reading this, Qin Feng is ecstatic!

The foundation of the road!

At present, there are only two kinds of Dao Foundations he has come into contact with!

One is the mysterious yellow air of heaven and earth!

One is this Hongmeng Purple Qi!

The Qi of Xuanhuang is the foundation for building the avenue for the divine artifact!

Hongmeng Purple Qi is the foundation of building avenues for mankind!

Seeing this Hongmeng Purple Qi, Qin Feng suddenly understood why the Master of the Bright Domain would master the avenue of merit!

He should have refined this Hongmeng purple, and then randomly awakened the avenue of merit.

If Qin Feng refines this qi, he can also awaken ten acquired avenues and one innate avenue!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng excitedly put away the Hongmeng Purple Qi.

Having said that, this Primordial Violet Qi was originally something hidden within the 'Inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master'.

In the last great calamity of the trial of God's Domain, the Lord of the Light Domain and the Lord of the Dark Domain discovered this purple qi together and began to fight each other!

In the end, the master of the light domain grabbed the purple energy and refined it!

Now that his true spirit is extinguished, this purple qi reappears in the world, and Qin Feng is also cheaper!

After collecting the Hongmeng Purple Qi, Qin Feng performed the Qi Luck Devouring again, and after a while, he got 10,000 times the Qi Luck, which made his Qi Luck soar to 190,000 times.

"It should be almost right?"

Qin Feng glanced at the battlefield!

There is only blood fog in the sky, and there is nothing left!

With a quick wave of his hand, he released golden flames that swallowed the blood fog in the sky.

The Dao of the Guangming Domain Master's lifetime perception, after his true spirit was shattered, all turned into Taiqing Daojing!

Therefore, Qin Feng does not need to condense the corpse of the master of the light domain, and simply destroy it completely!

In just a moment, those blood mists were completely burned!

At this point, the master of the light domain has been completely annihilated and will not fall into reincarnation!

"Hoo~! It's finally done!"

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief!

Afterwards, he raised his head and looked in the direction where Venerable Jie Yin fled, and he was nowhere to be seen for a long time.

Qin Feng does not count as chasing and killing!

His 'Six Prisons Suppressing the Sky' can only last for another ten minutes. At this time, he is the one who suffers the loss!

In short, he was able to kill the master of the light domain, which has exceeded the expectations in his heart and made him extremely satisfied!

Next, it's time for him to go back to his Blue Star Realm!

That is his foundation in this universe!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hands and put away the four avatars!

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he rushed to Yi.

Chapter 951 Cultivating Domain Masters! Qinglong was shocked!

In this way, Qin Feng pursued the Azure Dragon Domain Lord! .

At the same moment, the four clones returned to the center of the small universe.

When they returned, everyone in Long Yuan cheered.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

Afterwards, all the children gathered around excitedly.

"Boss, I didn't expect you to kill all the masters of the light domain! That's the power of half-step eternal peak!"

Liu Xuan said excitedly.

The phantom avatar took a deep breath: "The Lord of the Light Domain is not a big problem! The real big trouble is still the great sacrifice to the heaven behind the venerable one! That is an Eternal Realm power!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's expressions changed.

Oh my God!

There is an eternal boss hidden behind this!

That is the top existence in the universe!

With this in mind, everyone looked at each other, and their expressions were a little uneasy.

Afterwards, Liu Xuan asked carefully: "Boss, wouldn't Da Jitian attack us right away? If he does, it would be dangerous!"

The phantom avatar took a deep breath and said, "Don't worry! Da Jitian can't take action for the time being! He and Tianzun have a ten thousand-year agreement! Within ten thousand years, both sides will guard their own star field and will not leave the star field for half a step. That agreement Two more years to go!"

"So this is ah!"

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

This information was learned by Qin Feng from the storage ring given by Emperor Qing.

At this time, Granny Feng Qi reminded: "Master, in two years, the Great Sacrifice to Heaven will come out. The existence of Eternal Realm is much stronger than Half-Step Eternal, and it is not at the same level. You must be prepared!"

Elder Qishan also said: "Yes! Master, in just two years, can you achieve the strength of the Eternal Realm?"

"this"

Mirage clone hesitated!

It is extremely difficult to cross from half-step eternity to eternity!

He also has no confidence to achieve it!

In fact, even if he achieves the strength of the Eternal Realm two years later, he is not necessarily an opponent of the Great Sacrifice!

That big sacrifice to heaven is the leader in the eternal realm!

It seems that the crisis he faces is not small!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar said: "I'm not sure! However, I currently have a big chance, which will greatly increase my strength! Maybe if I get that inheritance, I can hope to reach the strength of the Eternal Realm!"

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "Boss, what is the chance?"

"Get the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master! But before that, I have to become the Lord of the Blue Star Realm and promote Longyuan City to the Longyuan Sanctuary! Only by obtaining the status of the Lord of the Sanctuary can I have the resources to inherit and inherit!"

Mirage clone said casually.

"Master, in two and a half days, the star master assessment will begin! The entrance to the assessment will be opened above the Blue Star Realm! At that time, all star master candidates in the entire universe will go to the assessment!"

Granny Feng Qi reminded again.

The phantom avatar nodded slightly: "Yeah! My body has already rushed to the Blue Star Realm!"

Liu Xuan said again: "Boss, so, after you get the position of Star Master, you plan to go to Judgment Divine Realm?"

"exactly!"

The Mirage clone nodded slightly, with a plan in mind.

"That's right! Boss! Now Long Yuan's children have broken through to the False God Realm! Next, they are going to be promoted to the True God Realm! But the True God Realm assessment will not be opened until 30 years later, and it will take a long time!"

Liu Xuan muttered again, looking a little depressed.

When the disciples heard this, they felt helpless.

Seventy percent of the disciples of Long Yuan today have attained the qualifications for the divine position!

However, the position of the true God is only opened once in a hundred years in the entire universe.

For this reason, all the children have to worry!

The phantom avatar smiled slightly: "You don't have to wait for more than 30 years! When I am promoted to the master of the intermediate universe, I will be qualified to create the 'Fengchan God Monument'! At that time, I will directly seal you as true gods and avoid the pain of competing for the throne! "

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

They almost thought they heard it wrong!

Liu Xuan was full of surprises: "Boss, can you still confer the throne of Zen?"

The Mirage clone laughed without saying a word!

Liu Xuan was overjoyed: "Haha! That's great! If the boss conferred the throne on everyone, we wouldn't have to wait so long!"

"yes!"

Granny Feng Qi and others also nodded happily.

The disciples were even more excited!

Those vassal forces are even more dumbfounded!

Gosh!

Lord Qin Feng can directly confer the throne of Zen!

Even the Great Eternal Realm can't do it!

This is unheard of!

"Okay! Not much to say! You guys! And Lei Jue, Long Shan, Feng Ying, Qi Feng, Qi Jie"

The Mirage clone pointed out the names of more than 20 people, all of whom were the best in Long Yuan!

Afterwards, he took out more than a dozen Taiqing Daojing and gave them to a dozen of them.

He also gave resources such as Millennium Peach, Jiuyang Shenlu, etc. to the remaining few people!

These two dozen people are overjoyed to get the resources!

At this time, the phantom avatar said again: "The resources that this deity gives you are all resources that can help you understand the avenues! As long as you two dozen of you awaken one avenue, your combat power will definitely break through 200 million stars and enter the level of the main god. !"

"And after you have mastered the avenue, I can make you the master of the star field! At that time, you will be able to obtain the feedback of the power of the star field, and the combat power will definitely exceed 500 million stars!"

Boom~!

Liu Xuan and the others were shocked, and they were all ecstatic!

"Thank you boss!"

"I'll thank the master!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan and others were very grateful!

The rest of the disciples are going crazy with envy!

The Mirage clone smiled and looked at the disciples again.

"You just work hard and realize a great way! This deity will make him the master of a star field!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Long Yuan cheered up and down!

Seeing this, the Mirage clone also smiled!

He has now awakened 488 avenues and can seal the master of 488 star fields!

If the master of each star field gives him 500 million combat power, there will be 244 billion star combat power!

In fact, the master of the star field can grow all the time, and the power to feed back must be more and more.

Therefore, cultivating the master of the star field will be one of his most important tasks next!