Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It is a pity that the disciples of Long Yuan are currently qualified to refine Dao Jing, only Long Xuan and other twenty people!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

He wants to make out the Lord of the Star Domain in large numbers, and there are still some difficulties!

If these disciples are all promoted to the real **** realm, then everyone can refine Dao crystal!

It is just around the corner to obtain the master of the star field in large quantities!

Therefore, he must create his own 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' as soon as possible!

"Okay! Let's retreat early! This deity also wants to see that my universe can produce a few star field masters earlier!"

"Yes! Boss (Master)!"

Liu Xuan and others all agreed!

"Right! Boss, how do you deal with those?"

At this time, Liu Xuan seemed to have thought of something, and pointed to a place thousands of miles away!

I saw that on a plain thousands of miles away, there were millions of people camped, all of them were blue stars and white skins, as well as some sticks, Japanese chrysanthemums, and Asan.

It's just that their strength is all at the human level, not even a prefecture level!

This time, Long Yuan accidentally discovered millions of such people during the great relocation of the human beings in the Blue Star Realm.

In addition, hundreds of thousands of Longbi people were also discovered, all of whom were all at the human level, without a single earth level.

These challengers can be said to be the first-round eliminations, and they have been very lucky to survive so far.

Compared with the disciples of Long Yuan, they are already worlds apart!

The Mirage clone pondered for a while and said: "Those white skins and others, they should be enslaved! They will be exiled to the barren lords of the West, South, and North. We Longbi will be put into the rich places such as the Central Plains and the East! "

"My universe is newly established, and I need to nurture a large number of living beings to increase the number of human beings in the universe to raise the level of the universe!"

"My subordinates understand!"

Liu Xuan and others took the lead!

After this explanation, the four avatars left one after another, and they all went to retreat.

At the same moment, the outer universe!

Qin Feng is looking for the master of Qinglong all the way.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, more than an hour passed by the outside world!

Qin Feng finally caught up with the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

At this moment, he looked over hundreds of millions of miles away with joy.

I saw that in that direction, a huge blue planet was hiding in the depths of the starry sky!

That is his Blue Star Realm!

"Finally caught up!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Seeing that the Blue Star Realm was intact, he was relieved a lot.

This is his foundation, and it cannot be damaged!

Right now, he is about to rush to join the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a majestic Dao power radiated from his body.

[Reminder: Your mind body has refined Taiqing Daojing (belief), and you begin to awaken the Dao of the Day After Heaven - Dao of Faith]

[Your 'intermediate universe' has been strengthened by the power of the Dao of Faith

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

He finally refined the last Taiqing Daojing!

It took him more than an hour to come all the way!

The center of the small universe has passed 7 hours!

For such a long time, he basically refined the Dao Crystal obtained by killing the Master of the Bright Domain.

Now, he has not finished refining the Dao resources, only one Dao scroll, the God of Cause and Effect Monument, and the Violet Qi of Hongmeng are left!

In addition, he also has a virtue crystal (innate)!

This Dao Crystal, he naturally doesn't need it!

But among the many subordinates, there is still no one who can refine the merit and Taoism, so I can only keep it for later!

After a while, the Dao Awakening is over!

The Fortune Jade Disc automatically recorded the Dao of Faith and fed Qin Feng back 100 million battle power!

He also slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy.

Having said that, while he was on his way, the Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted to rank 11, giving him 400 million star combat power back!

This time, his strength has increased a lot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel to check the latest status

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Replacement (Elementary)

[Tibet]: Level 101 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme)

[Air Luck]: 190,000 times

【Reputation】: 2.49 million points

[Basic combat power]: 22 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 23

[Total number of avenues]: 519

good! good!

The combat power has finally broken through 2 trillion stars!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Now, there is only one condition left for him to be promoted to an intermediate-level substitute!

That is to be promoted to the master of the intermediate universe!

As long as he refines that group of 'Hongmeng Purple Qi', he can randomly awaken one innate avenue and ten acquired avenues!

At that time, he will naturally be promoted to the master of the intermediate universe!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of fire!

That's it!

Now is not the time to think about this, it is time for him to join up with the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily closed the panel!

In the next second, his figure flashed and he chased after the Blue Star Realm.

Millions of miles away, over the Blue Star Realm

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the Ziyuan Venerable stood in the air.

At this moment, the master of the Azure Dragon Domain is driving the planet, looking at the center of the star domain, and there is some sadness between his brows.

"Domain Lord! Are you worried about Lord Qin Feng?"

Venerable Ziyuan asked in a low voice.

"Hey~! Fellow Daoist Qin Feng is the real God! If the deity's expectations are not bad, he can have such combat power, most of which are using some kind of secret technique! But this type of secret technique has a time limit! Once the time limit is up, , Daoist Qin Feng is in danger!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sighed helplessly!

After all, Qin Feng is a child born in the Azure Dragon Star Region, so he naturally wants to be partial!

What's more, the Master of the Bright Domain and the Venerable Jieyin did not take him seriously, and they kept posing a high-ranking attitude in front of him, which made him very annoyed!

With all these kinds of things, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord decided to help Qin Feng!

But he is not very optimistic about Qin Feng, and he is somewhat worried!

"Yeah! My subordinates also think that the situation is not good for Mr. Qin Feng this time! Just as we were leaving, I saw that Mr. Qin Feng also fled the scene. I think I can't hold it anymore! Hey!"

Venerable Ziyuan also sighed.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded slightly: "The deity also saw it! In short, Qin Feng's situation is not good, I hope he can get out of it!"

"Domain Lord! How many chances do you think Lord Qin Feng will be able to retreat?"

"Forty percent!"

"Only 40%?" Venerable Ziyuan was stunned!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled bitterly: "Bright Domain Lord and Venerable Jie Yin are both good at escaping, so the chance of escaping from them is very low! If it is replaced by other half-step peak powers, Qin Feng's success rate will be even higher. higher!"

"So it is! Hey!"

Zi Yuan shook his head and sighed, worried for Qin Feng.

huh~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front of the two of them, and a noble and handsome figure suddenly appeared in front of them!

The person here is Qin Feng!

"Hey! Fellow Daoist Qin Feng!"

When the Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly saw Qin Feng, he was surprised and delighted, and was also quite surprised in his heart.

Venerable Ziyuan was also stunned!

Immediately, he respectfully stepped forward to meet him.

"Zi Yuan has seen Lord Qin Feng!"

Although Qin Feng's realm is not as good as Zi Yuan's, Zi Yuan's attitude towards him is extremely respectful!

In this world where strength is respected, only the strong will be respected, and strength is more important than realm.

At this moment, Qin Feng also smiled and said, "You two! We meet again!"

The master of Qinglong said with a smile: "Fellow Daoist Qin Feng, Qing was still worried just now, can you get rid of the pursuit of the two of you! Now it seems that you have successfully gotten rid of it!"

Having said that, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

Venerable Ziyuan also smiled.

Qin Feng can get rid of the pursuit, he is naturally happy.

Suddenly, his heart moved: "Right! Master Qin Feng, how did you retreat to take over the Venerable and the 5.7 Light Domain Master this time? The two of them won't catch up in this direction again?"

With this reminder, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed slightly.

If the two of them chased after them all the way, it would be a little troublesome!

This place is still very far from his old nest!

He is the strongest only when he returns to his old nest.

At this thought, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was also a little worried.

But at this moment, Qin Feng smiled and said, "Don't worry! The two of them won't chase after them! The Venerable Jie Yin has already escaped!"

"Received and escaped?!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was stunned.

Immediately, he asked subconsciously, "What about the Domain Master of the Gate of Light?"

"The Lord of the Bright Domain has been killed by me!"

"What?! Killed by you?!"