Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

For these, he had to guard against it!

In short, he has to shut down quickly!

As long as his strength is strong enough, he doesn't have to worry about the small means of offering sacrifices to the sky!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng released four avatars to assist the Azure Dragon Domain Lord to guard the Blue Star Realm together.

He also disappeared in the Blue Star Realm!

In the next second, he returned to the center of the universe.

Small universe, heaven.

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared in a secret room.

In the center of the secret room, a mind body was sitting cross-legged on the futon.

A cloud of purple air is suspended in front of it, exuding a shocking aura of the Great Dao!

That is Hongmeng Purple Qi!

Now, it is this group of Hongmeng Purple Qi that can quickly improve Qin Feng's strength.

It's just that the refining speed of the mind body is not as good as the body!

Next, Qin Feng will refine it himself!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and came to the body of the mind.

The mind body also opened its eyes.

The next second, he took the initiative to melt into Qin Feng's body.

Then Qin Feng sat cross-legged and continued to refine that group of Hongmeng Purple Qi.

In this way, Qin Feng started the retreat again!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there are only two hours left before the Star Master assessment starts!

It has been about two days since the outside world!

In the past two days, a series of great changes have taken place in the outside world!

First of all, the Blue Star Realm has reached the center of the Azure Dragon Star Region and has been well protected!

Secondly, the high-level people of the Bright God Domain have all heard the bad news of the fall of the Bright Domain Lord, and they are all grief and indignation!

But God’s Domain can’t be without a master for a day!

At this time, in the center of the Bright God Domain, in a temple of discussion.

Hundreds of **** kings gathered to discuss who should inherit the new domain master!

At this moment, outside the temple, two stalwart figures appeared!

One is the Receptionist!

The other is a man with slightly curly hair and a cold and arrogant expression.

But the realm aura emanating from his body suddenly reached the half-step eternal great perfection, which is a lot stronger than that of the venerable one!

"Brother Brahma! It's here!"

Venerable Jie Yin looked at the man very politely.

Venerable Brahma nodded slightly: "Accept brother! Are you sure that Qin Feng will go to Daluo Tianjing?"

Venerable Jie Yin said to himself: "You can rest assured! This is the result of the great sacrifice to the sky, personally deduced! As long as this time, you can enter the Daluo Tianjing and destroy Qin Feng's star master assessment, the great sacrifice to the sky is natural I will keep your promise!"

Brahma's eyes lit up: "Haha! To deal with an ant who is only in the real **** realm, the deity should be able to capture it!"

Jie Yin also smiled and said: "Brother Brahma has reached 9 trillion stars in combat power, and his attack has already broken 30 trillion stars! With such strength, killing that little thief will definitely be no problem! However, fellow Daoist also Don't be careless!"

Brahma said indifferently: "This deity is different from the master of the light domain! No matter what, I am also half-step eternal great perfection! The deity does not believe it, it has only been two days, that little thief can have the strength close to half-step great perfection? "

Receiving a wry smile: "That's impossible! Fellow Daoist, let's go! This time, whether you can enter the Daluo Heaven Realm depends on the cooperation of the people from the Bright God Realm!"

"Well! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two rushed to the temple of discussion.

Chapter 953 Title promotion! Qin Yuan Universe!

At this moment, the Bright God Realm, in the temple of discussion.

An old man with blond hair and white beard sat on the first place in the center of the hall.

The gods and kings stood on both sides, and their expressions were very respectful!

Looking at the realm aura of the old man, it was suddenly a half-step eternity.

This old man's name is Moses, he has a first-class star-lord, and he is also the second most powerful person in the Bright God Realm!

At this moment, he looked around the gods with resentment on his face!

The lord of the light domain has fallen, and he should inherit the position of the domain lord, but he is not excited at all.

Because the Lord of the Light Domain is his elder brother, and Ye Shen is his son!

This time, his brother and his parents were killed, how could he not be angry!

"Lord Moses! That little thief Qin Feng really has the strength of half-step eternal peak? Why do your subordinates think it's impossible!"

"Yes! This subordinate also thinks it is unlikely!"

"That's right! How can a little thief in the real **** realm have such terrifying strength?"

At this moment, in the hall, the gods and kings expressed their opinions one after another.

They are full of doubts about Qin Feng's strength!

Moses said with a gloomy face: "I have seen some battle images at that time! If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I would not have believed that a true **** has such terrifying combat power!"

The battle images he saw were naturally sent to him by His Holiness.

As soon as these words fell, the audience was dumbfounded!

The kings of gods can't help but look after each other on the ground!

For a long time, a **** king tangled and said: "Lord Moses, the Qin Feng thief is so strong, how should I avenge the domain master and Yeshen?"

Moses took a deep breath: "It's time to wait for the lord! He will have a way! Calculate the time, the lord is coming soon!

huh~! huh~!

Only after these words fell, white light flashed in the hall!

Venerable Reception, Venerable Brahma appeared out of thin air!

"Hey! Pick up the adults!"

When Moses saw His Holiness, he hurried forward to meet him.

Then, he looked at Venerable Brahma next to him!

"Could this be the famous Brahma Venerable?!"

Moses recognized it just by looking at it!

Brahma smiled proudly: "It's Fan!"

As soon as these words came out, there was an uproar in the audience!

The eyes of the **** kings looking at Brahma are full of incomparable awe!

This is the half-step Great Consummation that is famous in the universe!

Of course they have heard of it!

At this time, Moses asked again: "Master Brahma, you are here this time for Qin Feng's business?"

Brahma nodded proudly: "That's right! The Great Sacrificial Heaven has been kind to me! This time, I am also invited by him to go to the Daluo Heavenly Realm to destroy Qin Feng's Star Lord assessment! How are your things prepared?"

Moses was overjoyed: "It's ready!"

As soon as the words fell, he took out a 'star master assessment order' and a drop of divine blood from the storage ring!

In this universe, there are always star masters falling!

When the previous Star Lord falls, a new Star Lord assessment order will appear in that star realm.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The creatures born in the star realm can choose the strongest and take the assessment star to participate in the star master assessment!

Therefore, the candidates to participate in the Star Master assessment range from True God Realm to Half-Step Eternity!

The candidates who appeared in the same batch as Qin Feng only accounted for one percent of the total!

After all, the test is only conducted once in a thousand years, so a large number of test preparers have already been accumulated!

"very good!"

Seeing the token and blood essence, Brahma smiled slightly and inhaled it into his hands.

Then, he looked towards Venerable Yingyin.

"Pick up fellow Daoist! Next, what should this deity do to become the owner of this token?"

Hearing this, everyone looked at Venerable Yingyin!

There was even a worried look on Moses' face.

If Brahma can't become the owner of the token, then there is no way to get into the star master assessment, and there is no way to deal with Qin Feng.

"You can use this 'Sky Stealing Talisman'!"

As soon as Venerable Jie Yin waved his hand, a yellow talisman appeared in front of him, exuding the breath of ancient times, and the divine light flowed on it!

"Can this rune really do it?"

Brahma is somewhat skeptical.

He Yi smiled smugly: "This is made by my family's Dajitian personally, but it can be replaced by the day and some subtle rules of the Dao! Daoist friends will know after a try!"

"That's it!"

Brahma with amazement!

Steal the day!

To change the subtle laws of the Great Dao, I am afraid that ordinary eternal powers cannot do it, let alone a half-step Great Consummation like Brahma.

Immediately, he broke the blood clot on his finger and bounced towards the Heaven Stealing Talisman!

At the same time, the drop of divine blood that Moses took out also flew towards the Heaven Stealing Talisman!

Om~! Om~!

The rune absorbed two drops of blood essence, and suddenly the divine light was released!

huh~!

In the next second, it turned into a golden light and poured into Brahma's body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, Brahma's body roared constantly, and his breath began to change quietly.

After all the visions disappeared, Brahma slowly opened his eyes with a happy expression on his face.

Now, the aura on his body has changed a lot, and he actually possesses the aura of a bright disciple.

The 'Star Master Assessment Token' also gave him a cheerful vibrating sound, obviously he recognized him as the master.

In other words, Brahma already has the qualifications to enter the Star Master assessment!

"Success" "!"

The Reverend took a long sigh of relief.

Moses was even more overjoyed: "That's great! Senior's method of offering sacrifices to the heavens is truly extraordinary, and it really succeeded! Lord Brahma, this time you can go to the Daluo Heavenly Realm!"

Brahma said with a smile: "In addition to the assessment, there are many rare resources and opportunities in the Daluo Tianjing! This deity is here to try his luck!"

Brahma spoke his thoughts inadvertently.