Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

For him, destroying Qin Feng's assessment is a matter of grasping at his fingertips.

He wants to take this opportunity to get some resources in Daluotian territory!

It is rumored that there is a Dao-level strange object hidden in the Da Luotian territory. I don't know if it is true or not?

For Brahma, that 'Dao-level strange object' is more attractive.

At this time, Venerable Jie Yin smiled and reminded: "Fellow Daoist Brahma, you have gone to the Daluo Tianjing. Your first goal is Qin Feng!"

Brahma said indifferently: "I already know how powerful that little thief is! The deity has absolute confidence in dealing with him, you can rest assured!"

Xie Yin smiled slightly: "That's good! In fact, the basic combat power of the little thief is not too strong, only about 2 trillion stars. But he has two tools of the avenue, and he has a lot of secret techniques in his hand, and his attack power is about 2 trillion stars. It's terrifying!"

Brahma nodded slightly: "This deity has also seen those battle images. This kind of attack power increased by external force will not last. As long as the basic combat power of the little thief does not reach 3 trillion stars, I can deal with him! "

Hearing this, everyone's eyes lit up.

Moses was even more overjoyed: "It has only been two days since the last war! The basic combat power of that little thief will definitely not reach 3 trillion stars!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Brahma sneered: "In such a short period of time, let alone 3 trillion stars, even if it increases to 2.1 trillion, the deity will admire him! What a pity! That little thief can never do it!"

Venerable Jie Yin also nodded with a smile: "This is natural! In the last war, it is estimated that he has exhausted his background before using the secret technique for so long. Now, whether Qin Feng can return to the state of the last time, it does not matter. Nice talk!"

Up to now, Jie Yin also believes that Qin Feng's last surge in combat power relied on some kind of secret technique, which needs to consume the source.

That type of secret technique generally has negative effects.

He believed that Qin Feng should be suffering from negative effects!

As soon as the words of reception and quotation fell, Brahma and Moses all understood.

Then, the three of them smiled knowingly.

In their opinion, this time Brahma made a move, and Qin Feng was doomed!

Those **** kings also showed joy!

Obviously, these people underestimate Qin Feng!

At this moment, in the Azure Dragon Star Region, within the Blue Star Realm.

The four avatars guard the planet.

At the same time, the small universe, the heaven.

Qin Feng is sitting cross-legged on the futon, his whole body is shrouded in purple mist!

His refining of Hongmeng Purple Qi has finally reached the final critical moment!

hum~~!

Suddenly, an aura burst forth in the purple mist!

Those purple mists surged rapidly, pouring into Qin Feng's body at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with purple light, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you have obtained 100 million stars of the Dao Foundation's power back! 】

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the innate avenue - the supreme avenue]

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Houtian Avenue - Jingzhe Avenue]

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow—Guyu Dao]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Houtian Dao - the Mangzhong Dao]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - the Dao of Liqiu]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Dao of Houtian - Dao of Chushu]

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Houtian Avenue - the Winter Solstice Avenue]

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with eleven avenues of inspiration!

One of them is the innate avenue - the supreme avenue!

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with blue light, the seal of the universe emerged, and the twenty-fourth petals began to condense.

After a long time, the twenty-fourth petals were condensed, and everything calmed down!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his eyes were full of ecstasy!

The refining of Hongmeng Purple Qi has been completed!

Not only did he gain the power of 100 million stars, but he also awakened a congenital avenue and ten acquired avenues.

So far, his basic combat power has reached 2.13 trillion stars, and the number of avenues he has mastered has reached 530!

Such a harvest makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before he is happy, a dazzling light shines on his body again

Another inexhaustible cosmic force, feeding back from the center of the universe

[It is detected that you have mastered twenty-four innate avenues, and you have reached the standard for promotion to the Lord of the Universe. Now you are in the process of promotion]

【Successful promotion! Your 'Heart of the Universe' has been promoted to the intermediate level, and you have received 100 million star power of the universe to feed back]

【Successful promotion! Your 'Cosmic Seal' has been promoted to the intermediate level, and you have received 200 million star power of the universe to feed back]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed again!

In the back of his head, a sky-high light curtain appeared, illuminating fifty-three great avenues of light!

In that light curtain, the scene of the heaven, the human world, and the **** world emerged!

The Wuzhuang Temple, Renshui Pan Taoyuan, Yaochi Wonderland, and Sun Tang Pond can all be seen in it.

At the same time, the space of the Three Realms is also expanding at a speed visible to the naked eye!

In the blink of an eye, the Three Realms expanded a hundredfold!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At that moment, the seal of the universe between Qin Feng's eyebrows burst into a dazzling blue light!

In the center of the cyan lotus seal, a cyan lotus pod is condensing.

After a while, the seal of the universe is advanced.

Looking at the mark, it looks more and more like a fresh green lotus, with twenty-four petals, lifelike, a lotus pod has grown in the middle, and the whole body emits a shocking light!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Seal of the Universe advanced intermediate level completed! Congratulations on your promotion to the Intermediate Master of the Universe! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the intermediate universe! You have the right to name the universe! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the intermediate universe! You have acquired the right to create the Fengchan Heaven Monument! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the intermediate universe! You have acquired the right to create the Nine Heavens Temple! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the intermediate universe! You have obtained the right to Fengchan, the true **** of Fengchan's own universe! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

Another shocking move!

For a long time, everything calms down!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face was full of ecstasy!

He has finally become the Lord of the Intermediate Universe!

Before he knew it, his basic combat power had skyrocketed to 2.43 trillion stars!

correct!

After he was promoted to the master of the intermediate universe, he also obtained the right to name his own universe!

Every universe has its own unique name!

The big universe in the outside world is called 'Hongyuan Universe'!

Therefore, the front of the token of the master of the light domain is engraved with the word 'Hongyuan'!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he began to name his universe...

[Named successfully! Your universe has been named 'Qinyuan Universe'! 】

【Congratulations on your successful naming! You have gained +100,000 reputation! 】

【Congratulations on your successful naming! You have received the blessing of +100 million star combat power! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the reminder came out, the entire Qinyuan universe, within the Three Realms, and in the Ten Thousand Domains, all sounded the announcement of the Tao of Heaven.

【announcement! Qin Feng, the master of the universe, has named his universe the 'Qin Yuan Universe'! Those who recite the name of Qin Yuan's universe can receive the blessings of heaven! 】

Boom~~!

As soon as this announcement came out, all beings in the Three Realms cheered!

In the next second, all living beings recited the name of 'Qin Yuan Universe' one after another!

Even some wild animals began to chant in their hearts!

Suddenly, the Three Realms shook, and aura came!

Thousands of beams of light fell, falling on those creatures one after another

Those blessing rewards vary in size!

The combat power rewards range from 1 star to 100 million stars, all based on the strength of the prayer!

The disciples of Long Yuan are powerful, and even the weakest have been rewarded with 10,000-star blessings!

Dijiang, Jumang, Houtu and other outstanding people have all received 100 million star blessing rewards!

After this, the overall strength of Long Yuan has increased a lot!

All the children cheered!

At this moment, in the Qin Yuan universe, all beings in the Three Realms were overjoyed!

Such blessing rewards will only be possessed at the moment when the universe is named!

These creatures are also extremely lucky!

At the same moment, the Heavenly Temple, inside the secret room!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes again, his face full of joy!

He knew all the changes in Qin Yuan's universe!

He was also excited to see that all the children were well blessed.

Having said that, his naming is over, and the basic combat power has been raised to 2.44 trillion stars!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was very satisfied with this!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It has been detected that you have been promoted to the intermediate master of the universe, and you have reached the promotion standard of 'Heaven Replacement (Intermediate)', and you are being promoted]

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Intermediate) Successfully! You get 500 million star power blessing! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Intermediate) Successfully! Double the speed of your Enlightenment Scrolls! feather】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Intermediate) Successfully! You double the speed of refining Dao Crystal! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Intermediate) Successfully! Your supernatural power 'Dao Plunder' has been promoted to high level! 】

[Road plunder (advanced): You can forcibly plunder the avenues contained in the target, and each target can be plundered five times! 】