Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

Another surge of momentum!

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face was full of ecstasy!

He was finally promoted to an intermediate-level substitute for heaven, and he took another big step on the way to become a new heaven!

What makes him even more gratified is that his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 2.94 trillion stars, which is only one line away from 3 trillion stars!

For this, I am afraid that Brahma and others have not thought of it!

Chapter 954: Appoint the Domain Lord! Create a monument!

"Finally promoted!"

At this moment, Qin Feng got up with a smile on his face.

The combat power reached 2.94 trillion stars, which gave him the hope of winning the highest star!

According to his assessment, there should be two higher Star-Lord positions above the special-class Star-Lord!

Especially the highest Star-Lord, it is estimated that it takes half a step of Eternal Great Perfection to have any hope of winning!

Now, his basic combat power has reached 2.94 trillion stars, and his comprehensive strength should reach half a step!

correct! Now that the assessment has not started, he can deduce it first!

Let's see what will happen this time to Daluotian?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly waved his hand!

huh~! huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and two divine books emerged!

One of them is the "Book of the Present World"!

The other one is "Future Book"!

After killing Yeshen, Qin Feng got the upper and lower pages of the book of the future, thus condensing the "Book of the Future".

Now, he is just short of the next page of the past book, and he can condense the "past book"!

At that time, when the three books are unified, he will be able to obtain the "Three World Books", the treasure of the town of Judgment God Realm!

Having said that, the next page of the past book is in the hands of Tianzun!

Tianzun also promised him that as long as he goes to the Judgment God Realm and meets Tianzun, he will give him the next page of the past book!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was quite looking forward to it.

Having said that, both "Book of the Present" and "Book of the Future" have the effect of assisting in deriving heaven's secrets!

That's why he summoned these two books!

With this in mind, Qin Feng began to pinch the seal!

Om~! Om~!

In an instant, the two great divine books burst into light!

Qin Feng's fingertips also lit up with golden light...

The Avenue of Heaven's Mystery begins to operate!

After a while, Qin Feng completed the deduction, with a strange look in his eyes.

This time, he had two great divine books to help him, and he got a lot of information.

Everything was as he expected, and the Great Sacrificial Heaven really had a layout!

However, as long as his basic combat power breaks through 3 trillion stars!

The layout of the big sacrifice to the sky will not be anything to fear!

If his combat power exceeds 4 trillion stars, he will get an unexpected big opportunity!

"4 trillion combat power! This is a bit difficult!"

Qin Feng smiled bitterly!

He is now only one line away from 3 trillion, and the distance from 4 trillion is a bit big!

Is he going to miss that big opportunity?

correct! Not necessarily!

This time, he went to the Daluo Tianjing, just in time to complete the promotion of the main God Realm!

If he is promoted to the main **** realm, then the combat power is very promising to break 4 trillion stars!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with a hint of joy.

He seemed to see hope!

According to his calculations, the great opportunity triggered by the battle strength breaking 4 trillion, 517 will be of great help to his future!

So, he doesn't want to miss it!

"In another hour, the entrance to Daluo Tianjing will be opened! I should also prepare something!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and looked up into the distance.

At this moment, his eyes penetrated the layers of space and saw the outside world...

I saw that over the Blue Star Realm, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was waiting there with hundreds of Divine Kings.

Obviously, the Azure Dragon Domain Master knew that the 'Daluo Heavenly Realm' was about to open, and he was waiting outside to see him off.

It can be seen that the Qinglong domain master attaches great importance to Qin Feng!

However, Qin Feng did not plan to go out immediately!

One hour past the outside world, Qin Yuan Universe is 60 hours.

In these 60 hours, he still has a lot to deal with...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: It has been detected that you have become a substitute (intermediate)! The title of Tianzhe (Advanced) is automatically activated! 】

[The promotion conditions for the substitute (advanced) are as follows...]

[Promoted to senior 'Master of the Universe']

[Basic combat power reaches 4 trillion stars]

[Air transport value reaches 200,000 times]

【Reputation reaches 30,000 points】Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

[Created the 'Fengchan Heaven Monument' of Qin Yuan Universe]

Huh~!

The title task is automatically activated!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, surprised and happy!

Becoming an intermediate-level substitute, let him skyrocket 500 million star combat power!

I don't know how much combat power will he increase by becoming a high-level substitute for heaven? !

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is looking forward to it!

What's more, if he wants to become the Dao of Heaven, he will be promoted to the full level with the title of the Heavenly Man!

correct!

Looking at the promotion standards listed here, I wonder if he has met them?

With that alone in mind, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked his status...

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Tibet]: Level 101 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme)

[Air Luck]: 190,000 times

【Reputation】: 2.59 million points

[Basic combat power]: 2.94 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 24

[Total number of avenues]: 530

After reading this, Qin Feng sighed in his heart!

He didn't even meet the standard!

Among them, the closest to the standard is air luck, which is only 10,000 times worse!

The other four conditions are very different!

It seems that he has to work hard!

With this in mind, Qin Feng closed the panel.

Perhaps this trip to the Daluo Heaven Realm can help him reach those standards faster!

Don't think about it so much, he should make some preparations for the next action.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in a secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, each of the four spirit eggs exuded aura, and they were sleeping quietly!

In addition to Yaochi Jinmu, Di Jun, and Taiyi, there is another one in the secret room.

Pale green spirit eggs!

Qin Feng couldn't help but look at it...

[Fuxi Spirit Egg: Chaos level, the master has been recognized! 】

Chaos-level Spirit Egg!

As long as it hatches, it will be the main **** realm level, and the potential is huge!

Then, he looked at the other three spirit eggs!

[Yaochi Golden Mother Spirit Egg: Chaos level, has recognized the master! 】

[Emperor's Spirit Egg: The pinnacle of fortune, the master has been recognized! 】

[Taiyi Spirit Egg: The pinnacle of fortune, the master has been recognized! 】

Among these spiritual eggs, Di Jun and Tai Yi are one rank lower!

If these two little guys can hatch at this moment, that would be the best.

In that way, he can take them into the 'Daluo God Hall' and let them be promoted to the main **** realm together!

Now it seems that it is too late!

In the state of these two little guys, I am afraid that they will not hatch in three or five days. Obviously, they will miss this opportunity for the promotion of the main god!

However, Qin Feng is not worried!

He has another trick!

Thinking of this, he walked over to the Dijun Spirit Egg, broke his fingers and dripped the blood into the Spirit Egg...

pat~!

The divine blood exuding purple-gold aura dripped onto the white-gold eggshell.

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

In the next second, the spirit egg drained the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye!