Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Longyuan Village has been upgraded to level 1, and the village chief’s novice cabin has been opened to level 3 permission. 】

[Reminder: Level 2 novice cabins are upgraded to level 3, and you can get 200 attribute rewards. 】

what!

200 attributes!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Afterwards, he hurriedly entered the [Create Channel] to check the conditions for upgrading the wooden house to level 3.

If you want to see the upgrade conditions of the wooden house, you can only check it after obtaining the corresponding upgrade permission.

Soon, he checked the upgrade conditions.

Level 3 cabin upgrade conditions are as follows…

[40 units of wood (level 0 resource)]

[20 units of stone (level 0 resources)]

[10 units of 357 animal furs (level 0 resources)]

[5 units of iron ore (level 0 resource)]

[1 Aoki Core (Tier 2 resource)]

After reading it, Qin Feng smiled.

He had already gathered these materials.

After demolishing the lost village last time, he still had a lot of wood and stone left, enough for this upgrade.

Animal fur is the most indispensable material in Longyuan Village.

Because Longyuan Village is extremely efficient in killing monsters, there are a large number of beast corpses in the resource pool.

A few villagers specially exchanged the corpses of the beasts, and then donated them by skinning them to earn the difference in contribution points.

This operation will allow them to earn a lot of contribution points.

Those people became more and more energetic.

Their efforts made the animal skins in the resource pool pile up, enough for the whole village to use.

At present, iron ore resources are relatively scarce. After all, the mines near Longyuan Village are mostly stone materials and less iron ore.

Qin Feng had foresight for a long time, and exchanged 10 units of iron ore for spare in advance, and now it comes in handy.

Of course, the main reason is that iron ore is not needed when the village is upgraded to level 1, so the iron ore in the resource pool has been ignored.

Because of this, Qin Feng was able to exchange for 10 units of iron ore.

In fact, the most difficult thing to get for level 3 villages is the 2nd level material Aoki core.

But Qin Feng has already had them, and there are still more than 100.

At the moment, he excitedly pressed 'one-button upgrade'...

[One-click upgrade to start! 】

【You consumed 40 units of wood! 】

【You consumed 20 units of stone! 】

【You consumed 10 units of animal fur! 】

【You consumed 5 units of iron ore! 】

【You consumed 1 Aoki core! 】

【Your novice cabin has been upgraded from level 2 to level 3 successfully! 】

[Level 3 Novice Cabin: In the non-sleep state, the recovery speed of physical strength and energy is quadrupled; in the sleep state, the recovery speed is increased by five times. 】

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of Heaven and getting 200 attribute rewards! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

His attribute points are soaring...

At the same time, his wooden house vibrated, and then the space continued to expand.

The internal structure also began to change dramatically...

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was discussing enthusiastically.

"Everyone, it takes so much wood and stone to upgrade a 2-level wooden house!"

"It's easy to say! What the **** is that Frost Stone?"

"That's a Tier 1 material! It should be difficult!"

"Brothers, haven't you seen that to upgrade a level 2 wooden house, you still need 1 unit of iron ore! You still haven't started?"

"Fuck~! I almost forgot! I'm going to exchange some iron ore!"

"Oops! Omg! The iron ore in the resource pool has been completely exchanged by you! Your hand speed is too fast!"

"Woo! I didn't get it either!"

"Hey! This is troublesome. Iron ore resources are now scarcer than wood and stone. How can we upgrade to level 2?"

"Haha! Laozi's wooden house is still level 0! I'm not in a hurry!"

"Whether you're in a hurry or not, it's not wrong to get some iron ore to reserve first."

"That's right! I just grabbed 1 unit of iron ore, haha!"

"Upstairs, don't be too happy, even if you have iron ore, do you have ice stone? Without ice stone, you can't upgrade to level 2."

"This…"

"Yes! Where did you get those ice stones?"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"By the way, Boss Qin Feng will definitely know. He has already upgraded the wooden house to level 2."

"Yes! The boss must know where the ice stone is produced."

"Should I ask the boss Qin Feng?"

As soon as these words fell, an announcement came from Tiandao.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has upgraded the novice wooden house to level 3, obtained the blessing of heaven and rewarded it with 200 attributes. 】

Boom~!

This time the audience was shocked, and everyone was dumbfounded.

"My God! The boss has just upgraded his village, how did he upgrade his wooden house to level 3 in a flash!"

"Yeah! Too fast! It's too fast!"

"Godly fast! It's so fast!"

"Yeah! We can't even get the materials to upgrade the wooden house to level 2, so the boss will be upgraded to level 3! It's not enough if you don't worship it!"

"What's even more terrifying is that you can get 200 attribute rewards when you upgrade the 3-level wooden house!"

"Wow! This is so powerful!"

"Envy! I'm so envious!"

"Woo~! Woo! This makes me want to upgrade to a 2-level cabin!"

At this moment, everyone was envious, and the idea of ​​upgrading the wooden house became extremely strong.

At the same time, in that level 3 wooden house.

Qin Feng looked happy.

Upgrade the village!

Upgrade the cabin!

Two consecutive waves of Heavenly Dao rewards have allowed him to gain a total of 300 attributes, and his strength will skyrocket again!

However, he has no time to add points now.

At this moment, he was looking at his wooden house excitedly.

The novice cabin has been upgraded to level 3, and a huge change has taken place inside.

The space has been fully doubled, and it has become one room, one living room and one kitchen.

In the bedroom, there are beds, wardrobes, desks, bookshelves, chairs, and futons for meditation.

In the living room, there are tea tables, dining tables, sofas, and soft carpets.

In the kitchen, there is a stove, various utensils, cabinets, cupboards, and a rune array for water.

Even better, the air inside the cabin is so fresh that just a sip is refreshing.

That is the role of Aoki core.

In short, the living atmosphere of this wooden house is getting stronger and stronger, and the layout is getting more and more perfect.

Qin Feng looks more and more satisfied.

Suddenly, he sensed that the pet egg in the storage ring was calling him.

Since the last time, after the pet egg absorbed a drop of his blood essence, there has been telepathy between one person and one pet.

At the moment, he quickly took out the pet egg from the storage ring.

hum~!

As soon as the pet egg appeared, the pale white and green eggshell radiated a faint red light.

Waves of gentle mental power fluctuations radiated from the inside, expressing intimacy to Qin Feng, with a hint of coquettishness.

Qin Feng felt his heart warm, and inexplicably felt that this little guy was cute.

At the same time, he also understood her needs from the thoughts of Huo Luan's pet.

"So this little guy wants blood!"

Thinking about it, it's been 24 hours since the last time I fed a drop of blood essence, and it's time to feed the second drop.

Immediately, he cut his fingertips, squeezed out a drop of blood essence, and dropped it on Huo Luan's egg.

In the next second, the drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by Huo Luan Dan, and it emitted a dazzling red light.

At the same time, the little guy in the egg exudes cheerful mental fluctuations, expressing joy and intimacy to Qin Feng.

Obviously, the little guy became more active after absorbing the second drop of blood essence.

Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

This little guy is not simple, he is a pet of earth-level combat power, and he also has the blood of the divine beast Suzaku in his body.

This makes him look forward to what kind of strength it will have after hatching.

"By the way, this wooden house is full of vitality. It may be more conducive to its hatching to leave this pet egg in the house."

With this in mind, Qin Feng put the battle pet pill in the bedroom and let it hatch on its own.

After doing this, he realized another problem.

The battle pet egg needs a second drop of blood essence, which means that 24 hours have passed, which also means that the third day of the novice assessment period has passed.

He has only four days left.

And Longyuan Village is only level 1.

He must upgrade Longyuan Village to level 3 in the remaining four days, otherwise he will not get the reward of the village competition.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

At the moment, he hurriedly opened the creation channel to check the requirements for upgrading the village to level 2.

It was at this moment that a notice of the Heavenly Dao spread throughout the entire Blue Star Realm.

Chapter 117 A special chance