Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the divine light of the spirit egg was released, emitting a dazzling golden light, illuminating the entire secret room, and the light actually overwhelmed the Fuxi spirit egg and the Yaochi spirit egg on the side!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Then, on the white-gold eggshell, a new Dao Divine Rune appeared, and its aura began to soar all the way…

Tiandao also came with a prompt.

[Reminder: Your pet 'Dijun Spirit Egg' has absorbed high-quality Dao blood and is evolving...]

【Successful evolution! The Emperor Jun Spirit Egg was promoted from the 'Peak Fortune Level' level to the 'Chaos Level' level. 】

Whoo~!

It really evolved!

Qin Feng looked at Di Jun Ling Egg with a look of relief, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Everything is as he expected!

His Dao blood has reached the intermediate level, which has allowed him to create a peak spiritual egg and advance to the chaos level.

And if the Dijun Spirit Egg reaches the Chaos level, there is no need to participate in the main **** assessment!

As soon as it hatches, it is the main **** realm!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the Taiyi Spirit Egg on the side again, broke the blood again, and dripped it...

After a while, Taiyi Spirit Egg also advanced to Chaos level!

So far, the four spirit eggs in Qin Feng's hands have all reached the Chaos level!

He is full of expectations for the future of these four spirit eggs!

When his eyes fell on the Yaochi Spirit Egg, a strange color appeared.

If this guy hatched, but vowed to become his concubine, I don't know what the future will be like?

That's it! For the future, talk about it later!

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he seemed to sense something and looked up into the distance!

In the next second, he hurriedly beckoned!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the field, white light flashed in succession, and the figures of more than twenty people including Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, and Granny Feng Qi appeared out of thin air!

Qin Feng glanced at everyone and showed a happy expression.

These twenty or so people have all refined the Dao Jing he rewarded, and their combat power has exceeded 200 million stars!

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

At this moment, when everyone saw Qin Feng, they were delighted to meet him!

"Boss, we have refined Daojing, and each has mastered a Dao!"

Liu Xuan couldn't wait to speak, his face was full of excitement.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "I have seen it!"

At this time, Lei Jue also excitedly said: "Boss, can we become domain owners?"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "I called you here just for this! Since you mentioned it, let's start with you!"

Lei Jue was overjoyed: "Thank you boss!"

As soon as the words fell, he looked at Qin Feng expectantly.

Qin Feng didn't say much. He directly broke the blood of his fingers and drew a 'God of Appointment' in the air, which melted into Lei Jue's eyebrows...

hum~~!

In the next second, Lei Jue's body was shaken, and the whole body was full of blue light!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, his whole body's momentum skyrocketed!

Tiandao's reminder also came along with it....

【Appointment reminder! The lord of the universe 'Qin Feng' is appointing 'Lei Jue' as the lord of the Thor Star Territory...]

【The appointment was successful! Lei Jue has become the master of the 'Thor Star Territory' in the 'Qin Yuan Universe'! Lei Jue can sacrifice all his fighting power to the lord of the universe! 】

【The appointment was successful! Lei Jue received the power of the star field to feed back! Obtained +300 million star combat power! 】

【The appointment was successful! The lord of the universe 'Qin Feng' won the first subordinate of the lord of the star field, and gained +10,000 reputation! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Appointing a star field master actually gave him 10,000 reputation points!

What an unexpected bonus!

Now, prestige is also what Qin Feng needs most!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that Lei Jue got the feedback and ended!

His combat power has soared from 300 million stars to 600 million stars in one fell swoop!

The crowd looked very envious!

Immediately, Liu Xuan said excitedly: "Boss! Is it my turn this time?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Okay! Then you will be the second one!"

At the moment, he began to appoint Liu Xuan as the master of the star field...

Time flies!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng will appoint more than 20 people in the audience to be the masters of the star field...

Tiandao also sent reminders in succession...

[Reminder: Qin Yuan Universe already has 10 Star Domain Masters, and the Master of the Universe 'Qin Feng' has gained +20,000 Prestige! 】

[Reminder: Qin Yuan Universe already has 20 Star Domain Masters, and the Master of the Universe 'Qin Feng' has gained +30,000 Prestige! 】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

He figured it out!

As long as there are 10 more Starfield Lords in his universe, he can get a prestige reward!

This time, he has accumulated 60,000 reputation points, bringing his reputation to 2.65 million points!

This is one step closer to the goal of 30,000 points!

At this moment, Liu Xuan and others are also extremely excited!

After they were promoted to domain masters, their strengths soared.

The weakest person has broken through 500 million combat power, and the strongest Liu Xuan has broken through 800 million stars!

Qin Feng is also very satisfied!

Now, these twenty people can give him back his combat power!

Accumulated, it should be able to feed back about 15 billion stars!

However, this is just the beginning!

If he recruited 3,000 domain masters, the back-feeding power would be astonishing!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, Liu Xuan calmed down his excitement and stepped forward respectfully.

"Boss! Now, everyone's strength has greatly improved. Long Yuan wants to be promoted to the real **** realm as soon as possible! I wonder when your 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' will be created?"

With this reminder, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

yes!

Long Yuan is already in the virtual **** realm up and down!

Everyone is eager to ascend to the realm of true gods!

It's time for him to create the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument'!

What's more, if he wants to be promoted to a high-level substitute, he must first create the Fengchan Heaven Monument!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "The creation of the monument is already in the preparatory stage! Alright! After this appointment, you should go back to retreat!"

"Yes! Boss (Master)!"

All the subordinates have taken orders!

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he sent off the subordinates.

Afterwards, he also turned into white light and disappeared into the secret room.

The next second, he appeared in the training room.

This time in the secret room, Qin Feng took out a huge blue divine stone from the storage ring.

As soon as the divine stone appeared, it burst into the sky!

In the rays of the sun, countless phantoms of stars appeared, mysterious and unpredictable!

[Nine Heaven Starry Sky Stone: Peak of Creation, Spiritual Material of Heaven and Earth]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a smile.

This 'Nine Heaven Starry Sky Stone' is the main material for creating the 'Fengchan Heaven Monument'!

This was obtained from his storage ring when he beheaded Venerable Puyin for the first time.

It’s not enough to have the Nine Heavens Starry Sky Stone alone, you also need a few auxiliary materials!

Thinking of this, four storage rings appeared in front of Qin Feng, which belonged to the Lord of Light, Venerable Puyin, Yeshen, and Mary.

Immediately, he rummaged through the four storage rings!

Before long, he took out five auxiliary materials from the four storage rings.

At this point, all the materials for creating the Fengchan Heavenly Monument have been collected!

The smoothness of this is completely beyond Qin Feng's imagination!

With such a bad luck, it is estimated that Qin Feng is the only one...

At the moment, Qin Feng started to create a monument with a comfortable mood.

Anyway, it will take some time before Daluo Tianjing opens.

In this way, Qin Feng is busy again!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, fifty hours have passed in Qin Yuan's universe!

As long as the outside world is 9 minutes away, the star master assessment will begin!

Qin Feng was finally finished.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

The various materials in front of Qin Feng disappeared, but a tall monument was added!

Looking more closely, the word 'Fengchan' is engraved on the front of the tablet, and the word 'Qin Yuan' is engraved on the back, and the words are full of divine light!

[Fengchan Heavenly Monument (incomplete): The pinnacle of creation! 】

[The things of Qin Yuan's universe were created by the master of the universe 'Qin Feng'! 】

[Reminder: This object needs to be injected with the aura of 'Heaven and Earth Profound Yellow', and it can be promoted to a Taoist-level strange object and become a complete 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument'! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

"It's all going well! It's just a smidge of 'the mysterious and yellow energy of heaven and earth'. It's a pity I don't have it in my hands!"