Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng sighed in his heart!

However, he still has 4 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete state) in his hand, as well as a Tao-level Treasure Chest Synthesis Card!

If you can get 6 more Chaos Treasure Chests in this Star Master assessment, you will have the opportunity to combine a Taoist Treasure Chest.

At that time, as long as he unleashes another 'Heaven and Earth's Profound Yellow Qi', all the problems will be solved!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes showed anticipation.

Of course, he wasn't sure whether he could get the treasure chest in the Star Master's assessment.

correct!

The Star Master assessment is about to begin!

He can't delay any longer!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly dodged and disappeared into the secret room...

Chapter 955 Dragon Father Tiger Son! Channel is open!

At the same time, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the Venerable Ziyuan are all waiting silently.

Behind the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, there are still more than a hundred **** kings!

At this moment, the kings of gods are a little nervous, because they are about to see Qin Feng!

Before coming, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord warned them that Qin Feng was a stronger existence than him, and his strength was considered to be the best in the half-step peak!

At the thought of meeting such a powerful existence, the kings of gods are naturally in awe!

"Everyone, when will Lord Qin Feng appear?"

"It's estimated to be soon! After all, the Great Luo Tianjing is about to open!"FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"That's right! I didn't expect that a half-step eternal power could be born in our Azure Dragon Star Territory. It's really unexpected~ It's unexpected!"

"Yeah! Today, our Azure Dragon Starfield has two half-step Eternal-level powerhouses! Such strength is stronger than most of the medium-sized starfields! This is also considered proud!-"

"It's true! Over the years, our Azure Dragon Star Region, as a small star region, has been suppressed by those medium and large star regions! Sometimes, just thinking about it - it makes people feel stuffy!"

"It's alright now, we have two half-step eternal powerhouses in the Azure Dragon Starfield. We look at those starfields that don't open our eyes, will we dare to bully us in the future?"

As soon as these words fell, all the gods and kings showed a happy smile.

For so many years, the Azure Dragon Star Region, as a small star region, has naturally been oppressed.

Therefore, the appearance of Qin Feng made the Azure Dragon Domain Master pay special attention!

When the king of gods learned of his existence, he was also very excited.

At this time, someone in the crowd whispered

"Everyone, what do you think Lord Qin Feng will look like?"

"It depends on the old man. To be the best in the half-step peak, he must have practiced for a long time. It is estimated that he is the image of an old man!"

"That's not necessarily! Perhaps, Qin Feng is as talented as the domain master, and he still looks like a middle-aged man now!"

"If you want to see the old man, it is the image of the old man! After all, the strength of Lord Qin Feng is a little stronger than that of the domain master, so the years of cultivation will be longer! Look at the half-step peaks in this world, most of them are the image of the old man. ?"

"I always think that Mr. Qin Feng is the image of a middle-aged man! Besides, there are also middle-aged people in the half-step peak! Brother, I'm afraid you made a mistake in your judgment this time!"

"Oh! If you don't believe the old man's judgment, wait a while, and Lord Qin Feng will come out, and you will know!"

At this moment, the kings of gods actually argued about Qin Feng's image.

Some said he looked like an old man, some said he looked like a middle-aged man, but no one said he looked like a young man.

These **** kings are really looking forward to Qin Feng!

In front of the crowd, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Ziyuan Venerable heard those words, and they were dumbfounded!

Can't blame them either!

They also arrived at the center of the Azure Dragon Starfield only two hours ago.

As soon as he rushed back, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord began to summon the major **** kings and wanted to give Qin Feng a decent farewell scene.

Too bad the time is so rushed!

When the gods and kings gather here, the Daluo Tianjing will also be opened.

He only had time to describe Qin Feng's birth and strength, but he didn't have time to describe Qin Feng's appearance and realm!

This allowed the major gods to make up their own minds, and began to imagine Qin Feng's appearance based on their cognition.

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled wryly and shook his head, feeling that the guys behind him were a bit outrageous.

At this moment, Venerable Ziyuan's low laughter sounded beside him.

"Domain Lord! These guys' judgments on Lord Qin Feng are quite different!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled bitterly: "Yeah! If you didn't see it with your own eyes, who would dare to believe it? There are such terrifying geniuses as fellow Daoist Qin Feng in the world! That's all! The deity still mentions them first, lest they lose face for a while!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord turned his head to look at the kings of gods!

huh~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in the field, and a noble and handsome young figure appeared!

This person is Qin Feng!

His appearance immediately shocked the audience!

The kings of gods all looked at him!

"Hey! A young man in the realm of true gods!"

"What's going on? This place is a restricted area! How did the boy below the God King get in here?"

It turned out that in order to protect the Blue Star Realm, the Azure Dragon Domain Master forbade the God King and his followers from entering the Blue Star Realm at will.

Even if the God King wants to step in, it must be approved by the Azure Dragon Domain Master first!

Now, the sudden intrusion of this young man in the real **** realm has made the kings of gods frown!

If this young man's rushing in, angered Lord Qin Feng, it would be bad!

After all, this Blue Star Realm is already a forbidden area unique to Lord Qin Feng by default!

At this thought, the gods and kings were all displeased!

There are even some **** kings who are about to scold them!

But at this moment, Venerable Ziyuan greeted the young man with a look of surprise!

"Zi Yuan has seen the adults!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord's eyes also lit up, and he hurriedly bowed his hands to the young man.

"Brother Qin Feng, you are finally out!"

The tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Master was very polite!

Boom~~!

This scene shocked the kings of the gods, and they were all dumbfounded!

No way? !

Is this young man Qin Feng? !

"Let the two of you wait for a long time!"

At this time, Qin Feng greeted the two masters of the Azure Dragon Domain with a smile.

The tone and demeanor of treating the Azure Dragon Domain Master is like treating a powerhouse of the same rank, which is very generous and natural!

The kings of gods were suddenly messed up!

Looking at each other face to face, the underground **** could not help muttering.

"No? Is this young man Qin Feng?"

"Yeah! Did I make a mistake? I think he's a real god!"

"The old man sees that he is also a true god! The strength of a true **** can be comparable to a half-step peak power? It's not the domain master who is joking with us, right?"

At this moment, the kings of the gods kept muttering, and their expressions were very complicated.

Their whispers were small, but they couldn't hide from Qin Feng and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word after hearing those words.

Of course he will not care about these weak people!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord is quite embarrassed!

He cupped Qin Feng repeatedly: "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! My subordinates don't have much knowledge, so I let fellow Daoists see a joke!"

As soon as the words fell, he turned to look at the king of gods.

"Stop gossiping! I didn't have time to tell you in detail before! Now I'll give you a grand introduction! This is fellow Daoist Qin Feng!"

"Don't look at Qin Feng's low realm, but his strength is a real half-step eternal peak, which is stronger than the deity!"

"What are you waiting for? Why don't you meet Mr. Qin Feng soon!"

As soon as these words fell, the kings of gods finally determined that the young man in front of him was Qin Feng!

"I've been waiting to see Lord Qin Feng!"

At the moment, the gods and kings came forward to pay their respects, but there were some doubts in their expressions, so there was no sense of awe!

Up to now, they still can't believe that this young man in the real **** realm in front of him will have the strength of a half-step peak!

They will meet at the meeting, mostly because of the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

Qin Feng glanced at the kings of the gods lightly, and then revealed a secret smile.

He saw through the minds of the kings of gods at a glance, but was too lazy to explain.

This is like a giant dragon, not interested in showing its strength to an ant!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng apologetically again.

"Brother Qin Feng, I made you laugh! By the way, brother Qin Feng came out of retreat this time, so his strength must have improved again?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It has indeed improved!"

The master of the Qinglong domain was overjoyed: "That's good! In three minutes, the Daluo Tianjing will open! Brother Qin Feng, Qing, I wish you a successful start this time!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Thank you, Brother Qinglong! By the way, I will go to the Daluo Heavenly Realm this time, and I will not be able to return until two days later! In these two days, I hope Brother Qing will help me take care of the Blue Star Realm!"

The master of the Qinglong domain smiled: "Brother Qin Feng, rest assured! Qingmou will gather the power of the entire star domain to protect the blue star world for you!"

"Then I will trouble Brother Qinglong!"

Hearing the promise of the Azure Dragon Domain Master, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

When he went to the assessment this time, the most worrying thing was the Blue Star Realm.

Of course, he didn't put all his hopes on the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

His four avatars are all left behind in the Blue Star Realm!

Today, his basic combat power has skyrocketed, and the combat power of the four avatars has also increased to about 2.4 trillion stars, which is comparable to the four half-step eternity!

For this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord still doesn't know!

He didn't know that in just two days of retreat, Qin Feng's basic combat power soared to 2.94 trillion stars!

In addition, in the hands of the four avatars, there are also treasures such as the Sword of Execution, Xihuang Sword, Man-made Whip, Thorns Bow, Blue Lotus Flag, Plain Cloud Flag, and Zhenwu Soap Carving Flag.

With so many treasures and the four avatars working together, its comprehensive strength can be compared to the threshold of half-step peak!

In fact, Qin Feng still has a powerful treasure in his hands, that is, the instrument of the avenue - six pure bamboos!

The six pure bamboos have no owners!

Qin Feng's mind body is being forcibly refined, and the current refining progress has reached 70%!

If the refining is completed, Qin Feng will have an additional weapon of the Dao!