Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Therefore, the Qinglong Star Region is only a small star region, and its development is limited at the beginning.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng can't wait to go to the 'Gongxun Pavilion' to see it!

"Dad! Dad! Look at the tips above, the Star Master Assessment will not start until three hours later! You can participate in the Master God Realm assessment at any time!"

At this time, a milky voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

It is the back soil who speaks!

Qin Feng looked down and saw the little guy raised his face and looked at him seriously.

Qin Feng also likes Houtu, the youngest daughter.

Her talent is also the best among the children, even better than Di Jiang.

As Tian Wu and Hong Yun who were born at the same time as her, they have just broken through the 200 million star combat power.

This little girl has broken through to 27 billion stars, which is comparable to Zhu Rong and Gonggong.

According to her progress, it won't be long before she catches up with Qingchengzi.

"Well, Dad saw it! I also plan to go to the Hall of Gods and Lords first, and then go to the Hall of Stars and Lords to have a look after I complete the promotion!"

Qin Feng's words just fell, and a few strange eyes were cast aside.

Finally, the old man on the side couldn't help reminding: "Little brother, the Star Lord Pavilion is the place for the Star Lord's assessment! You must have the 'Star Lord's Assessment Order' to enter! True God Realm like you and me, but you are not qualified to enter! "

As soon as these words came out, someone immediately joined in.

"That's right! This little brother, I'm afraid you have some misunderstandings about the 'star master assessment'. Not everyone can be a star master. Those who can obtain the 'star master assessment order' are basically strong above the lord god. By!"

"Don't talk about the main god, even if it is a quasi-god king, a **** king, or even a quasi-half-step eternity, that's not uncommon!"

"Yeah! The star master assessment is too difficult! It is dozens of times more difficult than our promotion to the main **** test! Even if you enter the main **** realm, you can get the worst fifth-class star lord, it is extremely difficult. !"

Seeing the enthusiastic reminders from the players around, Qin Feng was a little dumbfounded.

It seems that his cultivation in the True God Realm made these players misunderstood, thinking that he was not worthy of participating in the Star Master assessment!

Qin Feng smiled, naturally too lazy to explain.

"Get out of the way! Get out of the way! Let the old man get out of the way!"

But at this moment, there was an arrogant scolding from the outside of the crowd.

Everyone was alarmed, and they turned their heads to look, and saw a majestic old man walking over with arrogance.

Looking at the realm aura of the old man, it is suddenly the realm of the gods!

All the players changed their expressions one after another, and hurriedly retreated to the sides to make way.

If a person in the God King Realm can enter this place, he must have come to participate in the Star Master assessment.

Those players not only did not dare to provoke them, but also cast extremely envious glances at the majestic old man!

It seems that those who can participate in the Star Master assessment are already high above.

The old man was also pleased.

The corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and he strode to the bottom of the monument, watching the rules.

In this scene, all the distinctions between the noble and the lowly in the temple are revealed!

"Let's go!"

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it and turned around and left.

Di Jiang and others followed closely....

After staying away from the crowd, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

"Dad, do you plan to advance to the main **** realm first, and then go to the star master assessment?"

The little girl is very concerned!

All the subordinates also looked over.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Well! First promotion to the main **** realm is very beneficial to my next actions!"

According to his deduction, after the combat power exceeds 4 trillion stars, he will trigger a big chance in the star master assessment.

Today, his combat power is only 2.94 trillion stars, which is not a small gap from 4 trillion!

That being the case, he naturally has to be promoted to the main **** realm first, try to increase his combat power to 4 trillion stars, and then go to participate in the star master assessment.

He didn't want to miss that big opportunity!

"Dad, according to the rules of that temple! In three hours, the Star Master Assessment will begin! If you fail to participate in the Star Master Assessment on time, you will be deemed to have voluntarily given up the current assessment, and you will have to wait for the next one!"

Xiao Luan'er reminded seriously.

Feng Xi also worried: "Yes! Master, don't miss the time! If you miss it, you will have to wait for thousands of years!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Well! I will strive to complete the promotion of the Lord God within three hours! By the way, I have to go to the Merit Pavilion! You guys should go to the Hall of Gods first!"

"Oh!"

"Dad, then let's go to the Palace of the Lord of God first!"

Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi and others said their goodbyes.

Afterwards, the little girl and her group walked towards the Hall of Gods first.

Looking at the backs of Xiao Luan'er and others leaving, Qin Feng took a deep breath, turned and walked towards the Merit Pavilion

He is very clear in his heart, just by being promoted to the main **** realm, I am afraid that the breakthrough will be less than 4 trillion!

Therefore, he had to go to the Merit Pavilion to see if there were any resources that could improve his combat power.

If there is, he naturally has to get it first!

Besides, he has a ready-made domain master token in his hand, which he just used in exchange for resources.

In this way, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the Merit Pavilion

When he walked to the entrance of the Merit Pavilion, there were some mutterings from behind.

"Hey! Look at that kid! He actually went to the Merit Pavilion!"

"Going to the Merit Pavilion so early? Does he have merit?"

"Definitely not! No one has started the assessment yet! He should just be curious and run to see it!"

"Haha! That's boring! If you don't have merit points, you can't exchange resources for what you're looking for!"

Now that the Hall of Honor is only open, more and more people come in, and there are also many nosy people!

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to those gossip.

The most important thing for him right now is to get ahead of everyone, and let’s talk about the harvest first!

Getting resources first is also an advantage!

Soon, Qin Feng entered the Merit Pavilion!

The entire hall was empty, and he was the only one.

Looking at the center of the hall, there are three altars!

There is a translucent crystal ball on each altar.

Those are the communication points of the Temple Mall!

At the moment, Qin Feng walked to the nearest altar and pressed the crystal ball with one hand.

Om~!

In the next second, the crystal ball vibrated softly, instantly activated

Soon, a cold spiritual idea was linked with Qin Feng's idea through the crystal ball as a bridge.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Your idea has been successfully connected with the meritorious mall! 】

[Reminder: The resources in this mall need to be exchanged with 'merit points'! 】

[Reminder: If a player has an unowned Star Master Order (Domain Master Order), they can exchange for merit points! 】

[Reminder: The Star Master Order (Domain Master Order) with the owner cannot be exchanged for Merit Points! 】

Hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

Only tokens without an owner can be exchanged, and tokens with an owner cannot be exchanged!

In this way, only by killing those star masters (domain masters) can you get the star master order (domain master order) without a master!

Tiandao seems to be changing directions to encourage and kill those star or domain masters.

At this moment, Tiandao continues to send reminders

[Token exchange rules are as follows]

[Five-level Star Lord Order: 1 point of merit can be exchanged]

[Fourth-level Star Lord Order: 2 points of merit can be exchanged]

[Third-class Star Lord Order: 4 points of merit can be exchanged]

[Second-class Star Lord Order: 9 points of merit can be exchanged]

[First-class Star Lord Order: 2 points of merit can be exchanged]

[Primary domain master order: can be exchanged for 20,000 merit points]

[Intermediate Domain Master Order: Can be exchanged for 40,000 Merit Points]

[Advanced Domain Master Order: Can be exchanged for 90,000 Merit Points]

[Super Domain Master Order: Can be exchanged for 200,000 Merit Points]

Boom~!

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted!

From this exchange table, it can be seen that if you pass the Star Master assessment, if you get the fifth-rank Star Lord, you can probably get 1 merit point.

Nowadays, Qin Feng seems to be able to get 40,000 merit points without doing anything, which is twenty times more than the first-class Star Lord in the assessment. It's cool to think about it!

It seems that this time I made a lot of money!

Of course, these are all speculations by Qin Feng!

He didn't know whether he would only get 1 merit point for winning the fifth-rank Star-Lord.

However, he reckons it should be about the same.

If his speculation is accurate, the merit points he obtained by winning the special star-lord should be compared with the primary domain master order.

By analogy, if there is a Star-Lord who is the leader of the super domain, it is estimated that he can get 200,000 merit points!

Don't want so much, he has to quickly complete the resource exchange!

After all, in three hours, the Star Master assessment will begin.

He must complete the promotion of the main **** within three hours, otherwise he will have to wait another thousand years.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

At this moment, he thought about it and started the token exchange...

[Reminder: You traded a piece of 'Intermediate Domain Master Token' to the Merit Mall, congratulations on getting 40,000 Merit Points! 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

40,000 merit points, so easy to get.

Then, as soon as his mind moved, his thoughts were immersed in the mall...

The next second, the mall interface appeared in his mind!

Lines of resource information appear here. …

[Magic Flower: Fortune-level, contains 10% of the Dao rhyme of 'Magic Avenue']FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

[Price: 40 Merit Points]

[Huangquan grass: good fortune, contains 10% of the rhyme of 'Huangquan Avenue']