Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Price: 40 Merit Points]

[Immortal Grass: Fortune Grade, contains 10% of the Dao rhyme of 'Immortal Dao']

[Price: 40 Merit Points]

…….

Just a glance, Qin Feng was surprised!

Gee! Gee!

The merit mall is unusual!

When you open the homepage, you will see rows and rows of spiritual grasses, spiritual flowers, and spiritual fruits, all of which are fortunate-level spiritual plants containing various Taoist rhymes!

This is so suitable for Qin Feng!

With these spirit grasses, he can quickly increase his combat power.

That will also be of great help to his next assessment!

However, Qin Feng did not rush to exchange, but continued to browse...

He has been browsing six or seven pages, all of which are spiritual plants.

Then there are fortune-level materials, and various artifacts and equipment...

For those, Qin Feng lacks interest!

What he lacks most now is those materials or equipment!

When he browsed to the tenth page, he finally saw the treasure he wanted...

[Taiqing Daojing (Curse Spirit): Fortune Grade, contains the complete Curse Spirit Avenue (the day after tomorrow)]

[Price: 5 Merit Points]

[Taiqing Daojing (change): good luck grade, contains a complete avenue of change (the day after tomorrow)]

[Price: 5 Merit Points]

...

Ha ha!

Taiqing Daojing appeared!

Qin Feng took a look and saw that the rows of lists were all Taiqing Daojing!

The resources of this mall are really rich!

However, a Taiqing Daojing requires 5 merit points, and I am afraid that if I have to obtain a second-class star-lord, I can hope to exchange it for one!

Of course, it is very easy for Qin Feng!

Qin Feng continued to browse...

Soon, he browsed to the last page and saw the treasure that surprised him...

[Taixu Daojing (Xiantian): The pinnacle of good fortune contains the complete innate avenue - the Taixu Dao! 】

[Price: 2 Merit Points! 】

Heaven's Road!

This is what Qin Feng wants most!

Having said that, the more he goes on, the more Qin Feng finds out that the innate avenue is hard to come by!

This is too imaginary Daojing, he must get it!

Fortunately, he came to the 5.7 mall ahead of time. If he comes back after the assessment, who can guarantee that this Daojing is still there?

After being excited, Qin Feng looked at the last treasure in the mall again

[Hongmeng Purple Qi (half group): The foundation of the avenue! 】

[Exchange price: 10,000 merit points! 】

No way? !

It turned out to be Hongmeng Purple Qi!

Boom~!

After watching this, Qin Feng was shocked all over his body, and his eyes lit up with excitement!

For him, Hongmeng Purple Qi means 100 million star combat power, as well as 1 innate and 10 acquired avenues!

Although this is only half a group, the value is definitely much higher than the two innate great roads!

"So many good things! Unfortunately, the merit value in my hand is limited, and I can only exchange a small part of it!"

At this moment, Qin Feng sighed helplessly!

According to his goal, he wants all the treasures in the mall!

It's a pity that his merit is not enough!

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, Qin Feng's mind scanned that there was a line of words on the last page of the mall.

He hurriedly looked at it

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

[Reminder: For those who have the title of "Lord of Ultimate Destiny", the price of all treasures in the mall will be converted into 70%! 】

[Reminder: For those who have the title of 'Heaven's Maker', the price of all treasures in the mall will be converted into 50%! 】

what! And this good thing!

Tiandao is really favoring him!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He is the one who replaces the sky, so the exchange for all the treasures is half price!

As soon as he thought about it, he started to exchange

【Successful exchange! You spent 5 Merit Points to exchange for half a group of Hongmeng Purple Qi]

[Reminder: The other half of the group of Hongmeng purple energy is hidden in the assessment of the promotion of the main **** realm, and the players need to trigger the opportunity! 】

[Reminder: Only a complete group of Hongmeng Purple Qi can be refined, half a group cannot be refined! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised again

Chapter 957 Endless Devouring! Ten-story pagoda!

It turned out that in the assessment of the main **** realm, there was actually a hidden opportunity for a half-group of Hongmeng purple energy!

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised!

If he guessed correctly, challenging the highest-ranking lord **** rank will give him a chance to obtain that half of the primordial purple qi!

Obtaining the highest rank of the Lord God was originally Qin Feng's goal!

All this is exactly what he wants!

"It seems that when I go to be promoted to the main **** this time, I must get the highest level of the main god!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and stopped thinking about it.

He has to exchange resources quickly.

With this in mind, he continued to exchange

【Successful exchange! You spent 1 merit point to exchange for Taixu Daojing (Xiantian)]

【Successful exchange! You spent 20 Merit Points to exchange for Mohu】

【Successful exchange! You spent 20 merit points to exchange for yellow spring grass]

【Successful exchange! You spent 20 merit points to exchange for undead grass]

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng spent all the 40,000 meritorious points in his hands.

His harvest is also huge!

This time, he obtained a total of half a group of Hongmeng Purple Qi, a Taixu Dao Crystal, and 17 fortune-level spiritual plants!

There are a total of 5 Good Fortune Spirit Plants and 3 Taiqing Dao Crystals in this mall!

After this exchange, there are still 33 Good Fortune Spirit Plants and 3 Taiqing Dao Crystals left in the mall!

For these resources, Qin Feng naturally wants it!

pity!

There is no merit in his hands!

It seems that he has to hurry to earn some merit points, as much as he can exchange.

In fact, Qin Feng was extremely satisfied with his exchange results.

His treasures are exchanged for half price!

40,000 Merit Points, exchanged for other people's 80,000 Merit Points, has taken a big advantage!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away Hongmeng Ziqi and Taixu Daojing, and then waved his hand.

huh~! Huh~20! huh~!

I saw the white light flashing continuously in the field, and 17 fortune-grade spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits were densely arranged in front of me, emitting various colors!

At this moment, 1,700 spiritual plants, the rays of light are connected together!

The entire hall of the temple will be reflected in a splendid, magnificent atmosphere!

There is also a strong fragrance in the air, which is refreshing!

Seeing this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

In the next second, he pinched the seal with his hand and activated the devouring of spirit plants, and devoured the thousand and seven hundred spirit plants away.

【Swallowing success! You devoured the origin of Huangquan grass (fortune-telling grade) and obtained the rhythm perception of the 'Dao Lingdao']

【Swallowing success! You devoured the origin of the undead grass (fortune-telling grade) and gained the rhythm perception of the 'Dao of Immortality']

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way, and a new avenue of light has also lit up on his body.

At the same time, those fortune-telling spiritual plants also withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At the same time, in the main hall of the Hall of Gods, hundreds of thousands of players had gathered, and the scene was very noisy!

A quarter of an hour has passed since the entrance to Daluo Tianjing opened.

After a quarter of an hour, the entrance will automatically close!

The players who should come in have already come in!

Among the hundreds of thousands of players, there are more than 100,000 true **** realm players, almost all of them come to participate in the main **** realm assessment!

The remaining more than 300,000 people are all going to participate in the star master assessment!

The Star Master assessment that takes place once in a thousand years naturally accumulates a large number of people, many of whom are quasi-half-step eternity, and there are many players in the God King Realm!

At this moment, in a corner of the hall.

A man with curly brown hair was looking around, as if looking for something.

Beside him, there was also a blond old man wearing a white robe.

The realm aura of the blond old man suddenly realized the Great Consummation of the God King!

With such strength, he is already the best among the players!

There are less than 100 people in the audience who have reached the Great Consummation of the God King!

But the old man stood beside the brown-haired man and looked respectful, as if in awe of the curly-haired man.