Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the old man spoke in a low voice.

"Lord Brahma, the thief Qin Feng doesn't seem to be in the hall! I don't know where he went?"

It turns out that the brown curly-haired man is Venerable Brahma!

However, he has changed his appearance.

After all, in this universe, he is also a famous person, and many people have seen his portrait.

In order not to attract attention, he quietly changed his appearance!

And the white-robed old man is from the Bright God Realm, his name is Abel, the God King Great Perfection Powerhouse!

This time, he came in for the first-class star-lord, and at the same time, he also wanted to assist Venerable Brahma!

At this moment, Brahma also withdrew his gaze and turned to look at Abel.

"It is estimated that the little thief went to the Hall of God and went to be promoted to the main **** realm!"

Abel's face changed slightly: "Sir! If the little thief is promoted to the main **** realm, will it be more difficult to deal with?"

Brahma didn't take it seriously: "Even if he is promoted to the main **** realm, the deity will still easily handle him! Unless his basic combat power can break through 3 trillion, there is no chance for him to struggle in the hands of the deity!"

Speaking of which, Brahma's tone was extremely proud!

Abel also breathed a sigh of relief.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "My lord, you have to look down, even if the little thief is promoted to the main **** realm, his combat power will not be able to break 2.5 trillion, let alone break 3 trillion!"

Brahma also smiled proudly: "That's roughly it! Let's leave that little thief alone, let's go to the Star-Lord Hall first!"

"Yes! Your lord!"

Abel quickly agreed.

Immediately, he said again: "Sir, do you think that little thief will miss the star master assessment because he is promoted to the main god?"

Brahma's eyes lit up: "If he misses it, it would be better! If he misses it, he will have to wait another thousand years! The loss will be extremely heavy!"

Abel also smiled and said, "Yeah! In two and a half hours, the Star Lord assessment will begin. If you want to complete the Lord God assessment in such a short period of time, I'm afraid it won't be that easy!"

Brahma nodded with a smile: "Indeed! It usually takes about a day to complete the main **** assessment! It's not easy to be promoted to the main **** realm in just two and a half hours!"

Abel smiled proudly and said, "It depends on how stupid Qin Feng is! If he chooses to be promoted to Lord God, he will probably suffer!"

"Yeah! Let's go! Let's enter the Star-Lord Hall earlier!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled knowingly and walked towards the Hall of Star Lords.

At the same moment, in the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng's devouring is finally over!

All those spiritual plants withered away, some turned into silt, and some turned into ashes

In the entire hall, there is a faint dead aura, and there is not a trace of spiritual energy left!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After swallowing this up, he actually increased his combat power by 1.3 billion, and his basic combat power reached 37 trillion stars in one fell swoop!

In addition, he also awakened 47 acquired avenues!

As a result, the number of avenues he mastered reached 577!

"I really didn't expect that 17 good fortune-level spiritual plants would be so powerful!"

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Good fortune-level spiritual plants can not only provide energy, but also contain various rhythms, which can help people awaken to the Dao, which is extremely rare!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with this harvest!

such a pity!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

There are also many good fortune spiritual plants, and 3 Taiqing Daojing, which he cannot exchange.

Qin Feng looked at the mall altar in front of him, and he was still a little unfulfilled.

It seems that he has to hurry to earn merit points.

correct!

It took him more than half an hour to come down.

At this moment, it is less than two and a half hours before the Star Master assessment.

He has to hurry up to complete the promotion of the Lord God!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng realized that the time was running out and quickly turned around and left.

After a while, he left the Merit Pavilion and returned to the main hall.

At this time, Brahma and Abel had entered the Hall of Star-Lord, and the two sides did not meet.

Afterwards, Qin Feng walked towards the Hall of Gods.

I am afraid that the two of Brahma did not expect that Qin Feng had not been promoted to the main **** realm, and his combat power had already broken 3 trillion!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to enter the Hall of Gods!

As soon as he stepped into the hall, he found that there were tens of thousands of players in the hall, and the scene was very lively!

At this moment, all the players are looking up at the sky above the hall.

There is a huge tower suspended in the sky, one after another, and the end of the top of the tower cannot be seen at a glance!

The height of each layer of the giant tower is comparable to the diameter of a moon, and it is extremely majestic and magnificent!

Look at the tower body again, the whole body is black, with its own colorful rays of light, blooming endlessly!

At this moment, many players were completely shocked by the giant tower in front of them!

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he peeped towards the giant tower.

[Buddha Tower: The device of the avenue, the master cannot be recognized, only the master of the universe can control it! 】

[This tower suppresses the extraterrestrial demons that invaded from the 'Chaos Realm Sea', killing those demons to obtain merit points]

[This tower is divided into ten floors! 】

[Tier 1: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 100 million stars to enter. This year, those who get merit points and enter the top 1 can get the title of the seventh-rank master god! (The seventh grade is the weakest)]

[Second layer: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 300 million stars to enter. This year, those who get into the top 5 in terms of merit points can get the title of the sixth-rank master god! 】

[The third floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 1 billion stars to enter. This year, those who enter the top 2 in the merit points can get the title of the fifth-rank master god! 】

[Fourth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 3 billion stars to enter. This year, those who enter the top 1 in the merit points can get the title of the fourth-rank master god! 】

[Fifth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 100 million stars to enter. This year, those who get into the top 50 with merit points can get the title of the third-rank master god! 】

[Sixth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 300 million stars to enter. This year, those who get into the top 20 with merit points can get the title of second-rank master god! 】

[Seventh floor: It is recommended that the combat power reach 100 million stars to enter. This year, those who get into the top 7 in terms of merit points can get the title of first-rank master god! 】

[Eighth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 300 million stars to enter. The top 3 people who have obtained merit points this year will be awarded the title of supreme master god! 】

[The ninth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reaches 1 trillion stars to enter. This year, those who get into the top 1 in the merit points can get the title of master **** of Taoism! 】

[Tenth floor: It is recommended that the combat power reach 3 trillion stars or more, and you need to pass the 'Dao Pin Divine Jue' assessment before you are eligible to enter it, and there are big opportunities hidden in it! 】

[Reminder: Players can stay on each floor for a maximum of 48 hours! 】

[Reminder: The number of outsider demons suppressed in each tower is limited! The celestial demons in it are all slaughtered, that is, all the 517 cores on that floor are over! 】

[Reminder: Each player has only one chance to choose, please choose the tower carefully! 】

[Reminder: Players who fall when they kill the demon can be resurrected outside the tower, and the assessment will end here. 】

"So this is ah!"

After this peeping, Qin Feng suddenly felt in his heart!

Each player has only one chance to choose, so he must go to the ninth floor to challenge the 'Dao Pin Master Divine Title'.

There is only one title for that title, and it is recommended that the combat power reach more than 1 trillion before you can hope to obtain it!

Qin Feng has no problem!

However, his time is limited!

He must kill all the demons on the ninth floor within 2 hours, so that he will not miss the star master assessment!

Of course, he hopes to do it in 1 hour!

Because he still wants to break into the tenth floor!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the tenth floor

If you want to enter the tenth floor, you need to pass the ninth floor first, and it is recommended that the combat power reach more than 3 trillion stars!

3 trillion stars!

He just hit that threshold!

I don't know if he enters the tenth floor, can he complete the challenge inside?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling a little nervous.

If his expectations are not bad, the chance of the half-blooming purple qi is hidden on the tenth floor.

He didn't want to think so much, he went to the ninth floor first, and tried to clear the customs within an hour!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is ready to act!

Boom~!

But at this moment, there was an exclamation in the hall!

"Wow! Everyone, look! That person is going to challenge the third floor of the Buddha Tower!"

"Huh! Really!"

"My God! Those who dare to challenge the third floor need to have a combat power of 1 billion stars!"

"Tsk! Tsk! Just in the real **** realm, the combat power can exceed 1 billion, which can be said to be one in ten million!"

"Yeah! This man is really amazing!"

At this moment, the field was amazed!

Qin Feng was curious, and when he followed the sound, he saw a man in yellow robe with an arrogant expression flying towards the entrance of the third-floor pagoda with his hands on his back.

Below, tens of thousands of players looked at him in amazement, with admiration in their eyes.

In this world where strength is respected, no matter where you are, the values ​​of the strong are displayed!

Come to think of it, 99% of the players in the field only dare to enter the first floor, and less than 1% have the strength to enter the second floor!

As for entering the third floor, it is even more rare, I am afraid it is less than one thousandth!

Because of this, the appearance of the man in yellow robe shocked the audience and attracted countless admiring glances!

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled and stepped out, and flew towards the top of the Buddha Tower.

Chapter 958 Chaos Realm Sea! Kill the demon!

Swish~!

In just one step, Qin Feng arrived near the entrance of the first floor of the pagoda.

At the entrance, thousands of players are lining up to enter

Qin Feng did not stop, and took the second step!

Swish~!

In just a split second, he was near the entrance of the second floor!

Near the entrance on the second floor, there were only a dozen people.

When Qin Feng appeared, the dozen people were alarmed and turned to look at him.

Even the players below began to pay attention to Qin Feng.

Of course, the attention of the audience was basically on the man in yellow robe