Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the man in yellow robe was near the entrance of the third floor.

He looked down at the bottom with a proud look on his face, enjoying the attention of everyone, and he was extremely proud!

A person as good as him is too rare after all!

Seeing everyone cast envious glances at him, he felt very proud!

I don't want to think so much anymore, it's time for him to go through the barrier!

The man in yellow robe cocked his mouth proudly and flew towards the entrance of the third floor

Swish~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and a handsome figure appeared out of thin air!

The man in yellow robe was stunned for a moment, and quickly looked at the person who came!

Looking at it, he found that the person who came was a young man with noble temperament, who was extremely handsome!

That person is Qin Feng!

"This guy also came to the third floor?"

At this moment, the man in yellow robe looked at Qin Feng

Boom~!

But before he could think about it, there was already an uproar below!

"Wow! Look! Another one is going to the third floor!"

"Wow! Really! Another strong man with a combat power of 1 billion has emerged!"

At this moment, everyone's eyes shifted to Qin Feng.

The man in yellow robe was a little unhappy!

He was still in the spotlight just now, but as soon as Qin Feng appeared, he stole his limelight!

It was at this moment that the voice of discussion came from below.

"Hey! This one seems younger!"

"Yeah! Not only is he young, but his appearance is also very good! Tsk tsk! It's really handsome!"

"Could it be that his talent potential is stronger than that fellow Taoist wearing a yellow robe?!"

"I think it's very possible!"

Hearing this, the man in yellow robe was even more upset!

Just because the guy in front of him looks younger and handsome, the people below said that this guy's talent is better.

The man in yellow robe snorted in dissatisfaction, turned his head and flew towards the entrance.

Swish~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng took another step forward and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, it will appear at the entrance of the fourth floor!

There was an uproar in the audience!

The man in yellow robe was also stunned!

No way?

Is this kid going to break into the fourth floor?

Could it be that his combat power has exceeded 3 billion? !

At this moment, Qin Feng took the fifth step.

In the next second, he appeared on the fifth floor!

"My God! That person is going to break into the fifth floor?!"

In the crowd, someone exclaimed loudly!

As soon as the words fell, Qin Feng took another step and reached the entrance of the sixth floor!

The audience was stunned!

Oh my God!

Is this going to the sixth floor?

The sixth floor needs 300 million combat power!

Can a True God Realm have 300 million combat power? !

But just after that thought came, Qin Feng took another step and reached the seventh floor!

The audience is stunned again!

The atmosphere is a little frozen!

But it's not over!

Qin Feng took another step forward!

Swish~!

With a flash, he reached the eighth floor!

Swish~!

Another dodge, he reached the ninth floor!

This time it's finally here!

Qin Feng smiled slightly, and in the horrified eyes of everyone, he stepped into the ninth-floor pagoda and disappeared!

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

After a long time, everyone calmed down and couldn't help but look at each other face to face!

"My God! Is the old man dazzled? That person has entered the ninth floor? It takes 1 trillion combat power to hope to pass the level!"

"Yeah! If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it!"FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, everyone was muttering and saying that it was incredible!

At this moment, a yin and yang strange voice sounded above everyone's head.

"Everyone, don't you really think that the kid just now has 1 trillion combat power?"

Hearing this, everyone looked up and saw that the person who spoke was actually a yellow-robed man at the entrance of the third floor.

At this moment, the man in yellow robe was looking at everyone with disapproval.

"Everyone, think about it, how can a True God Realm have 1 trillion combat power? If I want to see, the kid just now was very curious, and he wanted to go to the ninth floor to see what happened!

"After all, the Tao of Heaven has no rules. Only if the combat power exceeds 1 trillion stars can we enter the ninth floor. If the combat power is not broken, we can enter the same way. But the Tao of Heaven only gave us one chance to choose, so everyone dare not choose randomly" "!"

"It's just some young people who don't know what to do, just to satisfy their curiosity, go to the ninth floor to take a look! This kind of behavior is really naive!"

The man in yellow robe thought he was right.

With his reminder, everyone suddenly realized.

Immediately, many people joined in.

"Yeah! There is no rule in heaven, you have to break through 1 trillion combat power before you can enter the ninth floor!"

"In this way, that kid doesn't have 1 trillion combat power, he is just curious to go to the ninth floor to see!"

"To be honest, the old man suspects that it is difficult for that kid to even break into the first floor!"

"It makes sense! It is estimated that the kid knew that he could not be promoted. Fortunately, he gave up this round of assessment and ran to the ninth floor to see!"

"Hey! Young people are young people! It's too naive to give up the assessment like this, and wait for a hundred years to waste!"

As soon as these words fell, many players shook their heads slightly, all feeling that Qin Feng's behavior was unacceptable.

In the air, the man in yellow robe even smiled and said, "Everyone, how long do you think that kid will die when he enters the ninth floor? Can he last for 5 minutes?"

As soon as these words fell, an old man laughed and said: "Fellow Daoist is joking! The ninth floor recommends a combat power of 1 trillion stars, indicating that the strength of the demons inside has exceeded 1 trillion, which is half an eternal level. what!"

"Faced with the half-step eternal level, it is not bad that a true **** can last for 1 second!"

The man in yellow robe smiled and said, "That makes sense! Then I'll wait a few seconds to see when that kid will come out?"

Having said that, the man in yellow robe stayed in the air, not in a hurry to enter the third floor.

Not only him, but all the players in the audience stayed.

In everyone's opinion, after Qin Feng enters, it is estimated that he will die within a few seconds.

In just a few seconds, it does not delay the business, and they are also happy to watch a good show!

In short, no one in the audience is optimistic about Qin Feng, they all just want to see how Qin Feng makes a fool of himself!

Just like that, the audience silently waited

On the other hand, after Qin Feng entered the ninth-floor pagoda, he found that he had entered a new big world!

He looked around, and his eyes were filled with gray fog.

At this moment, he seemed to be in a sea of ​​gray fog, with gray fog all over it, up and down, left and right, endless.

And within the gray fog, there is a majestic power of chaos, like a tidal wave, rolling towards him wave after wave!

The power of chaos! It belongs to the supreme power!

It has a strong deterrent effect on the combat power of the cultivators.

In fact, each of the ten layers of the Buddha Tower is filled with the power of chaos.

The higher the level, the stronger the power of chaos, and the greater the suppression of players!

However, those chaotic powers have no effect on Qin Feng!

Because he has mastered the innate avenue - the chaos avenue, he is not afraid of the power of chaos around him.

"Hey! These chaotic mists"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the fog around him and felt a little familiar.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

It turned out that he thought of his own Qin Yuan universe!

At the outermost periphery of his universe, is the endless chaotic fog.

Those chaotic mists are very similar to the sea of ​​fog in front of them!

Could it be that the location of this sea of ​​fog is the outermost layer of the Hongyuan universe?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Assessment reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the ninth floor of the Buddha Tower, and this round of promotion assessment is automatically activated! 】

[Reminder: There are ten outside world demons hidden on this floor, with combat power ranging from 1 trillion to 3 trillion stars! 】

[Reminder: If you kill all the outside world demons, you can end this assessment ahead of schedule! 】

[Reminder: If the player falls during the assessment, the merit value of the player at the time of the fall shall prevail. If the merit value is less than 20,000 points, the assessment will be judged to fail! 】

[Reminder: If a contestant falls during the assessment process, 10% of the merit points will be deducted! 】

[Reminder: The time a contestant can stay on this floor shall not exceed 48 hours! 】

【Time starts now: ::01】

As soon as the timing started, Qin Feng quickly gathered his mind and looked around.

At this moment, he is also a little anxious!

After all, his time is too precious!

He plans to clear this level within an hour, so he can't delay!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng released his divine sense!

Boom~Long~Long~!