Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In just a split second, his consciousness penetrated the power of chaos and swept away in a radius of hundreds of millions of miles.

If you change to other players, their consciousness will definitely be suppressed by Chaos Avenue, and the scanning range is limited!

Qin Feng has mastered the Chaos Avenue, so he is not affected!

"Huh! That is"

The next second, his eyes lit up and he looked somewhere ahead.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

In just one thought, his consciousness scanned a target!

huh~!

At the moment, Qin Feng stepped out and teleported away!

The next second, he appeared hundreds of millions of miles away.

With his current strength, a space teleport, the distance is hundreds of millions of miles.

In this chaotic fog, it is not affected, just like in the universe starry sky.

This appearance, Qin Feng looked up and looked forward

I saw thousands of feet away, a group of human-shaped black mist with wings on its back, swallowing the chaotic fog, as if the chaotic fog was its food and grass...

Qin Feng's appearance shocked it!

At this moment, the monster suddenly turned its head and looked at Qin Feng.

In the black fog, three blood-red pupils were shining, staring at Qin Feng coldly, braving the cold light of bloodthirsty

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly peeped away.

【Demon】: Chaos Mist Demon

[realm]: half step eternity

[Combat Strength]: 1.3 trillion stars

[Characteristics]: Bloodthirsty, swallowing spirits, devouring the flesh and blood of creatures in the universe

[Remarks]: Extraterritorial demons, from the sea of ​​chaos

Only 1.3 trillion!

This is a good solution!

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

It was at this moment that the Chaos Mist Demon spit out human words.

"After so long, I can finally eat fresh flesh! Jie~! Jie~!"

As soon as the voice fell, the fog demon let out a weird smile!

That tone was extremely excited and disdainful!

It can be seen that it did not take Qin Feng into account at all.

Boom~!

In the next breath, the Chaos Fog Demon dodged and rushed towards Qin Feng!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the devilish energy is surging, and the sea of ​​fog is churning!

The Chaos Fog Demon exploded with momentum, shrouded directly towards Qin Feng, and suddenly reached 2.5 trillion stars, which is earth-shattering!

Qin Feng frowned slightly!

No way?

The 1.3 trillion basic combat power has only exploded with 2.5 trillion attack momentum, not even twice!

Judging from Qin Feng's experience in fighting with Venerable Puyin, Venerable Jieyin, and Master of the Bright Domain, these half-step eternal powers can generally break out more than three times the attack!

And Qin Feng is even more special!

The combination of his various means can burst out more than ten times the attack power, which is extremely terrifying!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the Chaos Mist Demon came to the front!

In the next breath, it grabbed Qin Feng's face with one paw!

sigh~ la~!

The pitch-black claws were covered with yellow-black scales, reflecting a metallic luster, and carrying a thick fishy smell!

Where the sharp claws passed, it smashed the chaotic boundary wall, which was amazing!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body flashed with divine light, and he instantly put on Pantian Daojia.

There was also a flash of blue light in his hand, and the Pantian Dao Axe also appeared!

Om~! Om~!

In the next breath, the two great devices and people become one!

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed, reaching 3.27 trillion stars in an instant!

sigh~~!

At this moment, the sharp claws of the fog demon have attacked, and the tips of the claws are in front of you!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

He just slashed away with an axe, and met that claw!

Swah~~!

The axe flashed, passing through the void!

Two great weapon skills! A heart attack! Simultaneous stacking!

The axe's momentum suddenly exceeded 11 trillion stars!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two consecutive beeps!

Qin Feng split the giant claw with an axe, and at the same time also split the fog demon!

That shrill roar reverberated in the sea of ​​fog, and there was boundless terror in his tone!

The fog demon never thought that the humans it encountered this time were so terrifying!

The next second, the fog demon body began to collapse automatically!

A dazzling golden light flew out from the scattered black mist and poured into Qin Feng's body

[You successfully killed the Chaos Mist Demon (half-step eternity), and obtained +3.1 million gold judgment points]

[You succeeded in killing the Chaos Mist Demon (half-step eternity), and obtained +3 merit points]

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out the Taiqing Daojing (turbid)]

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out Taiqing Daojing (Shen)]

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out Taiqing Daojing (bite)]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 102 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with the white light of vocation upgrade!

His eyes lit up with surprises!

"¨'It was so easy to kill!"

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction!

He didn't use the Seven Killing Divine Body, nor did he use the power of luck!

Qin Feng didn't know that the power of chaos in this chaotic fog has a suppressing effect on players, and it also has an equal suppressing effect on demons outside the world.

Because of this, the attacking momentum that the Chaos Mist Demon erupted was less than twice the basic combat power!

After a while, the black mist dissipated!

There were three Taiqing Dao Crystals left in the field, but no true spirit was seen.

Not only is there no true spirit, but there is also no residual luck!

I don't know if these outer world demons have no true spirit and luck, or other reasons?

For these, Qin Feng has no time to pursue it.

At this moment, with a wave of his hand, he put away the three Taiqing Daojing in front of him and sent them directly into his own little universe!

These three Taiqing Daojings are just perfect for him to refine!

Having said that, the harvest from this Chaos Heavenly Demon was extremely rich, far exceeding his expectations!

"Less than 20 seconds before and after! I killed an extraterritorial demon, and the efficiency is not bad!"

Qin Feng smiled and released his divine sense feathers again!

The next second, his eyes lit up and he looked in another direction!

He found another extraterrestrial demon!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, his figure flashed, and then teleported away.

At the same time, in the Hall of God.

The players are still waiting silently!

They are still waiting for Qin Feng to die!

Unconsciously, half a minute has passed, and Qin Feng has not yet died.

Everyone is a little surprised

Chapter 959 Break the level quickly! Double the harvest!

At this moment, in the hall, someone started muttering.

"Hey! It's been half a minute, why hasn't that kid died yet?"

"Yeah! I thought he could only last for a few seconds! I didn't expect that half a minute had passed, and he hadn't died yet! This is a bit weird!"

Everyone looked at each other, quite surprised.

In the air, the man in yellow robe also frowned slightly.

But then, he looked down at everyone: "Everyone, wait and see! I guess that kid will die soon!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly and continued to wait.

Time just passed by minute by minute!

In the blink of an eye, a minute passed.

But Qin Feng still didn't die!

People are more and more surprised!

The yellow-robed man's brows also wrinkled even tighter.

"What's the matter? It's been a minute! Why hasn't that kid come out yet?"

"Yeah! It stands to reason that as soon as that kid meets the demons, he will be killed in seconds! Has he not met the demons yet?"