"Yes! It's probably the reason!"

"So, that kid is lucky!"

"Haha! No matter how good luck is, there is a limit! Could he still hold on for three or five minutes? That's too bad!"

"That's right! The old man doesn't believe it, that kid can really hold on for three or five minutes?

"That's right! Let's wait!"

Many people actually gambled to get angry!

At this moment, a strange phenomenon appeared in the field!

Tens of thousands of players did not go to the assessment, but stayed where they were, looking up at the exit of the nine-story pagoda!

In their opinion, Qin Feng will never last long, and maybe he will die in the next second!

They must watch this great show!

After all, it doesn't take much time!

Just like that, the audience continued to wait...

Time passed by every second!

Qin Feng's figure has not appeared for a long time!

The crowd is getting a little nervous!

In the air, the man in the yellow robe frowned more and more tightly, inexplicably a little unhappy!

In a blink of an eye, 3 minutes passed!

Qin Feng still did not appear!

Everyone vaguely felt that something was wrong.

However, everyone still held back their mood and continued to wait.

Many people are still extravagantly hoping that Qin Feng will die in the next second!

Especially the man in the yellow robe in the sky, he doesn't want Qin Feng to be in the limelight

The later Qin Feng came out, the stronger the limelight!

But things backfired. Five minutes passed after turning 517 eyes, and Qin Feng still did not appear.

This time, the audience can't sit still!

One by one the discussion continues!

I haven't shown up for more than 5 minutes, and I can't explain it with luck!

Is that kid's combat power really 1 trillion?

At this thought, everyone was extremely shocked!

Even the expression of the man in yellow robe became complicated.

time goes on

6 minutes! 7 minutes! 8 minutes!

Qin Feng still didn't show up!

The more people waited, the more shocked they became!

The loud discussion in the field has gradually turned into a whisper!

Every tone has changed!

No one dared to call Qin Feng 'that boy' anymore, but 'that man', even with a trace of respect

In the air, the eyes of the man in yellow robe also changed.

At this moment, he silently looked at the exit of the ninth floor, no longer arrogant.

9 minutes! 10 minutes! 11 minutes!

Qin Feng's figure still did not appear!

This time, the audience was amazed!

"My God! It's been 11 minutes! That...that guy hasn't come out yet!"

"Tsk tsk! 11 minutes! It's definitely not by luck, it can last for so long! It requires strength!"

"Yeah! It seems that we all underestimated that adult before!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at each other with embarrassment.

In the air, the man in yellow robe was even more embarrassed, and his old face was inexplicably red.

At this time, some people started to get anxious.

"Everyone, it's been 11 minutes! It's too late for the assessment I'm waiting for! I can't wait anymore, I'm going to the assessment!"

"Yes! Don't wait! Don't wait! I can only say that the old man didn't have the chance to see that adult come out!"

"Hey! Yes! The assessment is still important!"

At this time, the crowd began to riot, and many people planned to go to the assessment.

After all, you can't afford to waste time!

At the same time, in the ninth floor of the Buddha Tower, in the sea of ​​chaotic fog.

Qin Feng is looking at the red fog in front of him with joy

Just now, he beheaded the last extraterrestrial demon!

That is a demon with a basic combat power of 3 trillion stars, and its strength is extremely powerful!

But in this chaotic fog, its strength was greatly suppressed, and it was even more vulnerable in front of Qin Feng!

In just two rounds, it was killed by Qin Feng

At this moment, its demon body disintegrated and turned into a fog demon.

The next second, a dazzling golden light flew out from the scattered red mist and poured into Qin Feng's body

[You successfully killed the Chaos Gorefiend (half-step eternity) and obtained +5.3 million gold judgment points]

[You successfully killed the Chaos Gorefiend (half-step eternity), and you get +5 merit points]

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out Taiqing Daojing (bloodthirsty)! 】

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out the Taiqing Daojing (Swallowing Spirit)! 】

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out the Taiqing Daojing (spell)! 】

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out the Taiqing Daojing (pollution)! 】

[You successfully killed the Chaos Fog Demon (half-step eternity), and burst out Taiqing Daojing (corruption)! 】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 106 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! 】

At this time, Qin Feng's body lit up with the white light of vocation upgrade!

He was amazed!

An extraterritorial demon with a combat power of 3 trillion is not ordinary!

He actually exploded 5 Taiqing Daojing for him at one time!

Having said that, he cut ten demons in a row this time, and accumulated a total of 40 Taiqing Daojing!

Among them, 33 are available, and the other 7 are the avenues that he has learned, which can be used by Long Yuan's children!

In that way, he can cultivate 7 more star field masters.

However, apart from Liu Xuan and other elites, the talents of Long Yuan's children are more ordinary, and there are not many people who have the ability to refine Dao Jing.

If Qin Feng wants to cultivate star masters in large numbers, he needs to promote all subordinates to the real **** realm!

In this way, the subordinates have the ability to refine Dao Jing!

However, that will be discussed later!

He created the 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument', and there is still a dark and yellow aura of heaven and earth.

Originally, he wanted to see if there were any Chaos Treasure Chests for sale in the Gongxun Pavilion mall, but there was none.

This made him a little worried!

Of course, that's all for the future!

The most important thing for him now is to complete the promotion to the main **** realm!

With only this in mind, Qin Feng put away the five Taiqing Daojing in front of him with a wave of his hand and sent them to the center of the small universe.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was a sudden roar in the sky over the sea of ​​fog!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao came along with it.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for beheading all the extraterrestrial demons on this floor, and for completing the assessment of the 'Dao Rank Lord God' in advance! 】

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' who passed the assessment and obtained the title of Lord God (Dao Rank)! 】

[Lord God's Noble Order: After activating this order with a drop of blood, you can send it to the "God General's Platform" to get the nobility! 】

[It was detected that the player 'Qin Feng' was the first person in the Hongyuan universe to obtain the title of 'Dao Pin Master God', so the player 'Qin Feng' received additional rewards! 】

【Additional rewards are as follows】

[Reward players + 500 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 100,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 10,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 5 merit points! 】

[Reward players + 5 Chaos-level treasure chests (full state)! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

He didn't expect that there would be additional rewards this time!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[It only took 11 minutes to detect the player 'Qin Feng', and he completed the assessment of the gods on this floor, and obtained the highest rating of SSS level, and the extra reward was doubled! 】

【Additional bonus content changed as follows】

[Reward players + 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 200,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 20,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 10,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players + 10 Chaos-level treasure chests (full state)! 】

The reward has been doubled!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook!

Immediately afterwards, a purple-golden beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng.

Suddenly, his combat power, prestige, luck, and merit all skyrocketed wildly!

After a long time, everything calmed down.