Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

hum~~!

Just then, another beam of light fell from the sky

Then, ten chaotic treasure chests (complete state) and a purple token slowly fell along the beam of light

When the treasure was in front of him, Qin Feng waved and picked up the purple token!

I saw that on the purple token, the words 'Hongyuan Divine Jue' were engraved on the front, and the words 'Dao Pin' were engraved on the back.

This is the title order!

Use this order to complete the promotion of the main **** realm!

However, Qin Feng was not in a hurry to use it!

He also has to go to the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower.

According to Tiandao's prompt, only after passing through the ninth floor and being a true **** realm can be qualified to enter the tenth floor.

Therefore, he can't be promoted to the main **** realm now!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away the token.

The tenth floor of the Buddha Tower!

He must be going!

Where there is a big chance hidden, it is also the unique chance of the Hall of God.

As long as it is acquired, it will never appear again.

Qin Feng guessed that the other half of the Hongmeng Purple Qi should be on the tenth floor.

As for whether it is, he will know when he goes.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng once again looked at the ten chaotic treasure chests (complete state) in front of him, and once again showed a satisfied smile.

This is really what you want, come what!

He was worrying about where to get the 'Xuanhuang Qi of Heaven and Earth', but he did not expect to get ten Chaos Treasure Chests.

Then his chance has come!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out a divine card

Om~!

In the next second, the divine card was activated, bursting with golden divine light, covering ten chaotic treasure chests...

Next, the ten gray chaotic treasure chests merged into one, turning into a purple treasure chest, emitting endless holy light!

The Taoist treasure chest is here!

Qin Feng quickly waved his hand and took the treasure chest into his hands.

The next second, after he took a deep breath, he slowly opened it.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The lid of the box slowly opened, and the rays of light bloomed instantly!

At that moment, the avenues of spiritual light reflected thousands of miles, and the momentum was extraordinary!

When all the auras dissipated, a yellow air mass appeared in front of you, with endless light!

[The air of the black and yellow of heaven and earth: the foundation (object) of the avenue! 】

good! good!

Finally, a group of mysterious yellow gas was released!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

With this group of 'the mysterious yellow air of heaven and earth', his 'Fengchan Heavenly Monument' is expected to reach a complete state.

At that time, he will be able to create the Conferred God List, build the Jiutian Zhen Temple, and the disciples of the Conferred God!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sent the 'Xuanhuang Qi' to Qin Yuan Universe and let the mind body handle it.

"Hu~! It's finally finished! Next, I should go to the tenth floor!"

After dealing with those trivial matters, Qin Feng finally breathed a sigh of relief.

However, when he thought of going to the tenth floor, he was still a little worried.

The standard for entering the ninth floor is that the basic combat power breaks through 1 trillion stars.

And the demons inside, the combat power ranges from 1 trillion to 3 trillion!

And the standard for entering the tenth floor is that the basic combat power breaks through 3 trillion stars!

It can be predicted what kind of strength the Demon God will be in there, I'm afraid it will be higher than his basic combat power!

correct!

After this assessment, his combat power, luck, and prestige have improved. I don't know what the current situation is?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked it out.

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Tibet]: Level 106 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme)

[Air Luck]: 210,000 times

【Reputation】: 2.79 million points

[Basic combat power]: 3.17 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 24

[Total number of avenues]: 577

very good!

The combat power has increased to 3.17 trillion!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

In addition, his luck has also reached 210,000 points, and the conditions for being promoted to a high-level heaven substitute have finally reached one!

Don't want so much, time is precious!

He has to hurry to the tenth floor!

With this in mind, Qin Feng closed the panel!

In the next second, he turned into white light and disappeared into the sea of ​​fog

At the same time, in the hall of the Hall of Gods.

There is a riot in the field!

The players can't wait anymore, many people have given up waiting and are flying towards the Buddha Tower.

After all they have been waiting for 13 minutes, no more time to waste!

Even the yellow-robed man in the sky didn't want to wait any longer!

Can't afford to waste time!

He sighed slightly regretfully, and was about to fly to the pagoda in front of him.

Swah~~!

At this moment, a white light suddenly lit up at the exit of the nine-story pagoda!

A stalwart figure appeared out of thin air!

Qin Feng appeared!

"Hey! Everyone! Look! Look! Which adult has appeared!"

Boom~~!

With that exclamation, the audience was shocked!

Everyone's eyes turned to Qin Feng in unison

Chapter 960 Ancestral Witch Fusion! The **** of duality!

At this moment, Qin Feng became the focus of attention!

He felt something in his heart and couldn't help looking down.

I saw below, tens of thousands of players, all cast a look of awe at him, and stood in place one by one, not even breathing!

Even the man in yellow robe showed awe, and he didn't even dare to look him in the eye!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was taken aback -!

Immediately, he figured out what was going on, and couldn't help but smile.

Obviously, he stayed on the ninth floor for more than ten minutes, and everyone below had guessed some of his strength.

However, Qin Feng has no interest in paying attention to these.

He still has a lot to do!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng withdrew his gaze.

The moment he retracted his gaze, many people sighed in relief.

As if under Qin Feng's gaze, they felt a lot of pressure in their hearts.

It was at this moment that some muttering sounded from the crowd.

"Everyone, this lord is really strong! He actually stayed on the ninth floor for more than ten minutes, and it is estimated that his combat power has exceeded 1 trillion!"

"Yeah! If it doesn't break 1 trillion, I'm afraid it won't last for so long!"

"It's true! Tsk tsk! If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it, there is a true **** with a combat power exceeding 1 trillion in this world!"

"That's right! Everyone, what do you think. Did this lord get the title of Dao rank?"

"Uh~! This is it? I'm afraid it's hard to say! This adult came out in ten minutes, I'm afraid 90% of them failed!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at each other with a little regret.

In fact, what that person said was extremely euphemistic.

In their opinion, Qin Feng has failed 100%.

This pagoda, the higher you go, the harder it is to break through!

It is rare to see all the demons killed and complete the assessment ahead of time.

Generally, it is boiled up to 48 hours, and after the assessment is automatically closed, the ranking will be calculated!

They couldn't believe that Qin Feng had killed all the demons on the ninth floor and completed the assessment ahead of schedule!

Thinking of this, everyone felt more and more that Qin Feng had failed.

However, they still respect Qin Feng!

There were also some murmurs in the crowd.

"Everyone, even if this lord fails. As long as he is willing, it will be an easy task to break through the eighth-story pagoda!"

"Of course! The eighth-story pagoda! If you pass through, you can get the 'Best Master God's title', the benefits are great!"

"Yeah! Just thinking about it makes me very excited! In fact, don't mention the top-ranking title, even if you give me a sixth-rank title, I will be so excited!"

Among the master titles, the seventh-rank title is the weakest, the Dao-rank title is the strongest, and the supreme-rank title is the second strongest!

At this moment, everyone was in awe.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Some people in the crowd felt sorry.

"Hey! It's a pity! This lord chose to challenge the ninth floor, but he failed! If he went to challenge the eighth floor, wouldn't he have won the top title!"

"Yeah! With this failure, he will have to wait for a hundred years before he can re-assess it! What a pity..."