Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This cave should be the den of the tusk boar.

That tusk wild boar is just a level 1 mutant beast, and with his current strength, it can be easily killed.

Thinking of this, he held his breath and prepared to enter the hole.

hiss~! hiss~! hiss~!

At this moment, there was a strange breathing sound in the cave.

Sand~! Sand~! Sand~!

Then there was a burst of ground shaking, as if something rushed towards the hole.

Qin Feng was startled and quickly retreated.

Swish~!

A red light flashed, and a huge monster rushed out of the cave.

Qin Feng took a closer look and saw that it was a seven-meter-long giant python.

Looking at it, it looks very similar to the poisonous nine-ringed snake, but it is bigger, and the ring pattern on its body is not nine, but ten.

strangeness!

Shouldn't this cave be the den of the tusk boar?

How come it was a giant snake?

The Eye of True Sight, instantly activated...

[Ferocious Beast]: Venomous Ten-ring snake (mutation)

[Level]: Level 1

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 5 stars

[Characteristics]: brutal, bloodthirsty, highly poisonous.

[Skill]: Poison Mist

[Explosion rate]: 1%

[Status]: Confused and controlled (combat power is increased in this state)

what!

It was a mutant beast!

Fuck it~!

The combat power is five stars!

Qin Feng was surprised and happy.

Mutated beasts can be encountered but not sought after.

For him, encountering mutant beasts means that there will be big gains.

In particular, the explosion rate of mutant beasts is ten times that of ordinary beasts.

However, the same level 1 mutant beast, the silver tablet gray wolf's combat power is only 4-star limit.

Why is the combat power of this poisonous ten-ring snake 5 stars?

This is a small level higher!

What's even more surprising is that this giant snake has also mastered the skill of spraying poison.

The silver-backed gray wolf did not have any skills.

It can be seen that this giant snake is much stronger than the silver-backed gray wolf.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng did not dare to be careless, drew the blood wolf sword, and confronted the giant snake.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, under the peeping of the Eye of True Sight, he found that the giant snake had an additional status attribute.

[Status]: Confused and controlled (combat power is increased in this state)

No wonder the strength of this giant snake can reach 5 stars. It was originally in a strange state!

So who is controlling it?

Qin Feng was surprised and looked at the poisonous ten-ringed snake carefully.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But before he could think about it, three more beasts rushed out of the cave.

They were a giant rabbit, a giant rat, and a giant wild boar, all with blood-red eyes and confused expressions.

He quickly swept the three beasts with his true eyesight.

In the next second, his expression changed slightly.

Fuck it~!

These three are actually all mutant beasts, they are the 1st-level mutant saber-toothed rabbit, the 1st-level mutant black rat, and the 1st-level mutant tusk wild boar.

It is also all controlled, and the combat power is 5 stars.

In just an instant, the violent auras of the four mutant beasts joined together, besieging him.

Chapter 15 Bloody Battle of the Four Beasts! Take it to the next level!

Qin Feng felt nervous, and held the handle of the knife tightly with both hands.

These four beasts are all 5-star combat power.

His assessment of his overall strength is also 5 stars.

However, not long ago, he obtained the talent to strengthen his physique, and his comprehensive strength may have been raised to the 5-star limit.

But even if he has the strength of the 5-star limit, if he wants to 1v4, he still doesn't have much confidence.

What's more, that giant snake also mastered the skill of spraying poisonous mist.

It should be the strongest of the four beasts.

strangeness!

Non-my family, its heart must be different!

These four mutant beasts are not of the same kind, so how could they be mixed together?

correct!

They all have red eyes and are in a state of being confused and manipulated. Could it be that in this cave...

A strange thought popped into Qin Feng's mind.

It was at this moment that the poisonous ten-ringed snake attacked first.

hiss~!

I saw it suddenly opened its mouth and sprayed out a poisonous mist, which instantly enveloped the audience.

Qin Feng was startled, he quickly held his breath and stepped back.

But the scope of the poisonous mist was too wide, and it shrouded him all at once.Vá»‹Sit no(v)3lb/!n(.)cð’m for new ð’ovð’†lð’”

Fortunately, he was prepared and held his breath, not inhaling.

But in the next second, he was horrified to discover that something was wrong.

As soon as the red poisonous mist stuck to his skin, he felt a burning pain, and his skin began to turn black, showing symptoms of poisoning.

What's even more frightening is that the poisonous mist also invaded his eyes instantly, making a 'å‘²å‘²' sound.

"Ah~!"

Qin Feng immediately screamed in pain and couldn't help covering his eyes.

At that moment, he felt as if sulfuric acid had been poured into his eyes, the burning pain and piercing, straight into the brain.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Also at this time, saber-toothed rabbits, mutants, and cheese fathers died./p>

The sudden sound of breaking the air came in an instant.

The three mutated beasts joined hands to pounce, and the momentum was earth-shattering and terrifying.

In the crisis, Qin Feng endured the severe pain and looked up, but was horrified to find that he could no longer see things with both eyes, and the front was blurry.

The poisonous mist was so powerful that it seriously damaged his eyesight.

"Damn!"

At this moment, he could no longer see the direction of the opponent's attack.

In the crisis, he didn't have time to think about it.

When~! When~! When~!

Several golden and iron symphony-like soft sounds!

Qin Feng crossed the front of the blade, blocking the collision between the saber-toothed rabbit and the mutant black rat.

The four fangs and the long knife collided.

The saber-toothed rabbit and the mutant black rat were knocked out.

Qin Feng was also shocked and retreated.

But before he could stabilize his body, another huge body rushed over, like a tank, and slammed into his chest heavily.

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

He was knocked out immediately.

That was the tusk wild boar that was killed later.

Bang~!

Qin Feng fell heavily to the ground and spat out a large mouthful of blood with a 'wow'.

In fact, if he hadn't just acquired the physique-strengthening talent, he would have smashed his sternum with a single hit, killing him on the spot.

The physical enhancement talent gave him a very strong fighting ability.

But even so, he was hit hard by the collision.

Before he could catch his breath, another gust of wind rushed in, and the most powerful venomous ten-ringed snake also chased and killed it.

It was extremely fast, like an arrow from the string, it rushed to the front of Qin Feng who had just landed, its **** mouth was wide open, and its sharp fangs were biting straight at Qin Feng.

At that moment, the foul smell came out.

Qin Feng's genius-level fighting talent and terrifying perseverance also exploded at that moment.

I saw that he endured the boundless pain, rolled forward, and actually took the initiative to roll towards the poisonous ten-ringed snake.

Bang~!

The ten-ringed snake jumped in the air, bit the turf, and the sand splashed.

Qin Feng also instantly rolled under the belly of the ten-ring snake and touched the cold snake skin.

Swish~!

It was at this moment that he drew his sword upward and slashed with all his might!

A flash of light!

Knife light cold!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

A huge snake head was cut off by Qin Feng and rolled down.