Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It was at this moment that a notice of Heavenly Dao spread throughout the entire Blue Star Realm...

[Village competition reminder: The first level 1 village has appeared. 】

At this moment, the entire Blue Star Realm was shocked!

My goodness!

Many novice villages have not even established a level 0 village, so they have the power to upgrade to a level 1 village.

This is too fast!

Which village is this?

Countless villages are amazed by it!

Qin Feng was also stunned for a moment.

Immediately, he smiled.

Obviously, the village suggested by Tiandao is their Longyuan Village.

However, Tiandao hides the name.

The more unknown, the more it can arouse people's curiosity and fighting spirit.

Afterwards, he ignored it and continued to check the conditions for upgrading to level 2 villages...

At the same time, Blue Star Realm, Yongye Village, and Autumn Lake.

Dracula had just climbed out of the lake, soaked all over, and the water was running down his pants.

He ignored those, but looked at the Frost Stone in his hand with joy.

With this ice stone, he will soon be able to upgrade to a level 2 wooden house, and he will also have the right to upgrade to a level 1 village.

At this time, his entourage John also climbed out of the lake and walked over with a happy face.

"Your Majesty, the Frost Stone is here! After you've upgraded to a level 2 wooden house, our village will become the first level 1 village in the Blue Star Realm."

Dracula looked proud: "Oh! There should be no stronger forces in the Blue Star Realm than our Yongye Village. It's not a big problem to win the first place."

But just after these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Village competition reminder: The first level 1 village has appeared. 】

What? !

The first one has appeared?

The smile on Dracula's face suddenly froze.

John's mouth is wide open

After a while, Dracula's face sank.

"Damn it! It must be the Five Village Views that have been upgraded. By the way, Guangming Village and Brahma Village are also possible. These three villages are all established within the top five villages, and one of them should have snatched our first place. ."

Dracula was outraged.

John asked in a low voice, "Your Majesty, Longyuan Village is also one of the top five villages, could it be them?"

Dracula shook his head slightly: "Longyuan Village is the fifth one to establish a village. They are the least likely. However, no matter who it is, our Yongye Village will definitely surpass it and take back the first place."

At the moment, the two disappeared by the lake...

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, somewhere in the forest in Wuzhuangguan Village.

Qingchengzi looked at Wang Keng in front of him with joy.

Just now, this closed disciple Wang Keng finally reached level 10.

"Master, I've risen to level 10, so the number of level 10 powerhouses in our village has reached ten. The village should be able to upgrade, right?"

Wang Keng looked excited.

Qingchengzi stroked his beard and smiled: "Don't worry! The number of novice cabins is 99, and the last one is still missing."

Wang Keng was overjoyed: "Hee hee! Coming soon! Coming soon! I estimate that our Wuzhuangguan is definitely the first village to be promoted to level 1."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Village competition reminder: The first level 1 village has appeared. 】

Wang Keng was dumbfounded.

Qingchengzi is also stunned!

After a long while, Wang Keng whispered: "Which village is so powerful, to create a hundred novice cabins and ten level 10 powerhouses in such a short period of time!"

Qingchengzi sighed: "Mostly Yongye Village and Guangming Village!"

At the moment, the master and the apprentice are sighing...

In a word, the upgrade of Longyuan Village, like a stone thrown into a calm lake, alarmed all participating villages.

All the villages were anxious, and they stepped up their efforts to upgrade, even more desperately than before.

As a result, the atmosphere of competition is also more intense.

At the same time, the chat channel of Longyuan Village was extremely hot.

"Brothers, Tiandao suggested that the first village to be promoted to level 1 should be our village, right?"

"Is there any need to ask this? It must be our village."

"Haha! According to this progress, as long as we can reach the third-level village during the novice assessment period, we will definitely win the top three and get the highest reward."

"Haha! This can be done 100%!"

At this moment, everyone was extremely optimistic.

"By the way, there are only four days left, we have to speed up, don't take it lightly!"

"That's right!"

"Everyone, let me tell you an interesting thing. Those guys in the regional channel are all guessing which village has been upgraded, and there are all kinds of guesses, but they don't think it's our Longyuan Village."

"Haha! There are a lot of people from the Dragon Kingdom on Blue Star, but in this No. 1 area, there are very few people. In this area channel, most of them are Western dogs and their lackeys. Those guys have always treated our Dragons. State prejudice!"

"Mad! Do you want me to tell them that our Longyuan Village is the first village to be promoted to level 1."

"Shhh! Low-key! Low-key! We don't need to fight with those bastards, just sit on the sidelines."

"That's right! Let's just take their jokes. Besides, with their paranoia, even if you say it, they may not believe it."

"That's right! Our primary task now is to raise the village to level 3 during the assessment period. It will only be a waste of time to argue with those idiots. We should wait for the novice assessment to end, and then we will directly clean them up."

"That makes sense! Having said that, there are only four days left until the end of the assessment. How can we upgrade to a level 2 village?"

"I don't know! I have to ask Boss Qin Feng!"

"I hope Boss Qin Feng will come out soon and explain to everyone, I'm so impatient!"

00

"I'm too impatient to wait! Other villages are racing against time to upgrade, we can't be surpassed by them!"

This said, everyone was a little anxious.

At the same time, in the wooden house.

Qin Feng also checked the upgrade conditions for the level 2 villages.

[Level 2 village upgrade conditions]

【Population reaches more than 800】

[The village chief needs to obtain the title of "Rookie Emperor"]

[The village chief's novice cabin needs to be upgraded to level 3]

[In the village, there are more than 200 first-class wooden houses]

[In the village, there are more than 50 level 2 wooden houses]Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[In the village, the number of level 10 strong people reaches more than 20]

[Reminder: Only after completing the above conditions can the creation authority of the guardian altar be opened. 】

Knew it!

Level 2 villages are indeed much harder than level 1!

It is estimated that it will take a day or two to complete the upgrade!

0

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He was a little unsure.

Because Tiandao has not yet opened the authority to build the 'Guardian Altar'.

He didn't know what resources were needed to build the guardian altar.

To upgrade a level 2 village, you must first build a guardian altar.

This is an unknown.

If guarding the altar is more complicated, it will only take two or three days to upgrade to a level 2 village.

If it's not complicated, it may only take a day or two.

If it takes two or three days to upgrade, then there is not much time left to upgrade the village to level 3.

"I don't want to do so much. I'd better tell everyone the upgrade conditions as soon as possible, so that everyone can mobilize quickly. The sooner you can upgrade to level 2, the better."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng prepared to enter the chat channel.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Competition difficulty challenge: Longyuan Village is the first to be promoted to a level 1 village and gets a chance to double the reward. 】

[Rule of Chance: Double the difficulty of upgrading the village. Under this condition, if you still win the village competition, the reward will be doubled. 】

[Reminder: Whether or not to choose to increase the difficulty is up to the village chief to make the choice, and you have ten minutes to consider. Timeout is not selected, give up by default! 】

[Countdown: 10:00….9:59…]

what!

Fuck it~!

Double the reward!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

If the reward is doubled, then Longyuan Village will be in the top three in the next competition, and he will get 2000 attribute rewards.

Those villagers can also get 1000 attribute rewards!

This reward is too generous!

However, doubling the difficulty of upgrading is a huge challenge!

Can Longyuan Village do it?

Seeing that the countdown was beating, Qin Feng knew that the time could not be delayed, so he quickly entered the chat channel to discuss with everyone.

Chapter 118 Unexpected Conditions! Confused all over the place!

As soon as Qin Feng entered the chat channel, he saw everyone talking about the increase in difficulty.

They also received a reminder from Tiandao.

"Brothers, have you seen Tiandao's prompt?"

"I see! Heaven gave us an opportunity to increase the difficulty of the task on our own. Is this a good thing or a bad thing?"

"It's a good thing! Of course it's a good thing! However, it's hard to say whether we can seize the opportunity."

"Yeah! If we fail to reach level 3 villages during the assessment period after the difficulty is raised, then there will be no rewards."

"But what if we succeed? The reward will be doubled!"

"Yeah! If the difficulty increases, all villagers will get 1,000 attribute points if they enter the top three! This is a huge reward!"