Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

【Reward players with 30,000 times the luck value!】

[Reward players with 40,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players with a chance treasure box (Dao level)! 】

[The 'Lord God's Rank Order' for rewarding players has been promoted to the highest level! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the reminder was over, a purple-golden beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng.

Suddenly, his combat power, prestige, luck, and merit all skyrocketed wildly!

After a long time, everything calmed down.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and opened the panel

[Tibet]: Level 107 (Advanced Hongmeng Supreme) 5.7

[Air Luck]: 250,000 times

【Reputation】: 3.09 million points

[Basic combat power]: 3.37 trillion stars

[Meritorious Value]: 70,000 points

After reading this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Combat power, luck, prestige, and merit have all increased a lot!

Especially the prestige, which has broken 30,000 points!

He was promoted to the hard-core condition of a high-level substitute, and completed another one.

correct!

And a title order!

Qin Feng thought about it, and immediately took out the title order from the storage ring.

I saw that the title order has changed, and the color has changed from purple to purple gold!

The token is still engraved with the words 'Hongyuan Divine Jue', and the word 'Supreme' is engraved on the back!

The colorful glow that originally came with it has become a nine-color glow, and the weather is even more extraordinary!

[The Lord God's Title (Supreme): The highest-rank Lord God's title in the Hongyuan universe is the only one in the universe and cannot be reproduced! 】

[Using this order to promote the title of Lord God can awaken 2 innate avenues and 20 acquired avenues! 】

"Hoo~! I finally got it!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and put away the token with satisfaction!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, on the altar not far away, the mask automatically cracked inch by inch!

Ka~cha~!

With a crisp sound, the mask was completely shattered, and the Tao-level chance treasure box protected within it was revealed.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he hurriedly walked towards him

That chance treasure chest is the biggest reward of this challenge!

Having said that, he was very curious, in addition to the Dao-level chance order, what is the other Dao-level treasure in the treasure box?

Is it more valuable than half a group of Hongmeng Purple Qi?

Qin Feng thinks it is very possible!

Otherwise, it is impossible for him to get half a group of Hongmeng purple energy on the body of the dual-phase god.

Obviously, the treasure in that treasure chest is even more precious!

Thinking of this, he quickened his pace and walked over.

Chapter 962 Innate Witchcraft! Devour the skyrocket!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the altar and picked up the chance treasure chest!

I saw that the treasure chest was all black, engraved with divine patterns, and exuded a mysterious atmosphere.

This is a Dao-level chance treasure chest!

The treasures inside are definitely not bad!

After Qin Feng took a deep breath, he slowly opened it.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The treasure chest was opened, and the blue and gold auras lit up inside.

That glowing cyan aura is a token!

And the golden ones are twelve spirit beads!

As soon as the treasure chest was opened, the twelve spirit beads slowly floated into the air and left the treasure chest.

If you look closely, you can see that those spirit beads are the size of walnuts, all golden, and all of them are blooming with heavenly light, and their momentum is extremely extraordinary!

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he peeped towards those spirit beads.

[Wizard Dao Emperor Pearl: An avenue of avenues, each emperor pearl contains one innate avenue - the witch's avenue, and 4 acquired avenues. 】

[Reminder: This item is a Taoist tool that was refined by the previous cosmos lord 'Honggu' for his twelve children. It is a combined Taoist tool. 】

[This set of Wudao Emperor Pearls can only be refined by the reincarnations of the twelve children of ‘Honggu’. 】

[After refining, the twelve children of Honggu can use this 'Wizard Dao Emperor Zhu' to combine into one, gather the power of the 12 people, and become the 'Lord of the Witch'. ! 】

[The twelve children of Honggu are also known as the twelve emperors. Their names are: Dijiang, Jumang, Houtu, Tianwu, Gonggong, Zhurong, Qiangliang, Xizi, Xuanming, Leishu, Zhu Nine Yin, extravagant than corpse! 】

After this snooping, Qin Feng was amazed!

It turned out that the previous lives of the little guys such as Di Jiang, Jumang, and Houtu were actually the children of 'Honggu', the previous master of the universe.

I just didn't expect that after Di Jiang, Jumang, Houtu and others were reincarnated, they became Qin Feng's children.

Qin Feng felt emotional!

This all seems to be a coincidence, but it is not a coincidence!

I'm afraid it's a deliberate arrangement in the dark!

Perhaps taking office as the Lord of the Universe is to take revenge for Qin Feng under the guise of Qin Feng's hand!

But it is undeniable that these arrangements are very beneficial to Qin Feng.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng's eyes fell on those Wudao Emperor beads again

2[Wu Dao Emperor Pearl (Fire): Contains the Innate Dao—Wizard Dao, and Acquired Dao: Fire, Yan, Yan, Yi and other four acquired Dao! 】

[Reminder: This Spirit Orb can only be refined by the reincarnation of the emperor's son 'Zhu Rong'! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This Lingzhu was prepared for Zhu Rong!

If Zhu Rong is refined, he can also obtain a new Dao from Zhu Rong!

For example, the Great Way of Wu, the Great Way of Yan, and the Great Way of Yi!

Then, he looked at the other spirit beads

[Wizard Dao Emperor Pearl (Water): Contains the Innate Dao—Wizard Dao, and the Acquired Dao: Water, Shu, Miao, ? and other four acquired Dao! 】

[Witch Dao Emperor Pearl (Earth): Contains the Innate Dao—Wizard Dao, and Acquired Dao: Earth, Gui, Yao, ? and other four acquired Dao! 】

[Wu Dao Emperor Pearl (Gold): Contains the Innate Dao—Wizard Dao, and the Acquired Dao: Jin, Li, Xin, ?? Four kinds of acquired Dao! 】

At the end, Qin Feng's smile became stronger and stronger!

Although these emperor beads are prepared for Jumang and others, he can also benefit from them, which is also his chance!

After reading it, Qin Feng put away twelve spirit beads.

At this time, he looked at the cyan token in the treasure chest

[Dao-level chance order: Hold this order, and the basic combat power reaches 4 trillion stars. Players can activate a Dao-level great opportunity in the star master assessment! 】

Huh~!

It can be activated only if the combat power reaches 4 trillion stars!

This is the same as the heavenly secret that I deduced before!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

His current combat strength is only 3.37 trillion, which is still a long way from 4 trillion.

It seems that he has to wait until he is promoted to the main **** realm before a glimmer of hope is activated.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the token.

After doing this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

This is finally finished, he should go out!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and disappeared in place

In the next second, he appeared at the exit of the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower.

This appearance, Qin Feng overlooked the hall below!

I saw that the entire hall was empty and extremely quiet!

Obviously, all the players have entered the Buddha Pagoda for the assessment!

Qin Feng smiled and took out the Lord God's title order, ready to advance to the realm!

Suddenly, his heart moved!

With his current strength, I am afraid that after being promoted to the main **** realm, he may not be able to reach 4 trillion stars!

In this way, he still can't activate the chance order!

correct!

Didn't he get 70,000 merit points in this assessment!

There are also 33 good fortune spiritual plants in the mall, which can improve his strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, thinking that this method is feasible!

At the moment, his figure flashed and disappeared into the air.

A minute later, Qin Feng appeared at the entrance of the Merit Pavilion and entered it directly!

As soon as he entered, he saw that there were more than a dozen people exchanging resources there next to the altars of those shopping malls!

He was stunned at first!

But in the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

Those dozen or so people were none other than twelve people, including Di Jiang and Jumang.

"Hey! Dad!"

"Owner!"

At this time, Di Jiang, Feng Xi and others also saw Qin Feng!

At the moment, the group greeted them excitedly!

"Dad! Did you pass the level?"

Xiao Luan asked excitedly.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Well, passed! Why did you guys come out so early?"

Xiao Luan'er said excitedly: "All twelve of us have chosen to enter the sixth floor. After killing all the demons on that floor, we will complete the assessment ahead of time!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "The sixth floor is the second-rank master **** title. After being promoted, you can awaken four acquired avenues! Everyone has done a very good job!"