Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The excellent performance of the subordinates made him extremely satisfied!

"Dad, have you also obtained the title of Dao-pin?"

Xiao Luan'er also asked curiously.

Before Qin Feng could speak, Feng Xi smiled sweetly: "Luan'er, do you still need to ask? With the master's strength, winning the highest rank of Taoist title must be a matter of hand!"

Xiao Luan'er nodded again and again: "Yes!"

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

He obtained the title of no-superior title, which was one rank higher than the Taoist rank.

"How are your resources being exchanged?"

Qin Feng looked at everyone again

"We have finished the exchange! The resources in this mall are really rich! Everyone's harvest is very good!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly again.

Feng Xi said: "Master, you are one step late, we are all going to advance to the realm!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "It seems that I came here by coincidence! By the way, Dijiang, Jumang, Zhurong, Gonggong, Houtu, and Tianwu, I have six treasures here, which are suitable for the six of you. of!"

As soon as the words fell, he waved his hand, and the six spirit beads flew to the six people, it was the Wudao Emperor Bead!

Dijiang six people took a look one after another, showing ecstasy.

"Wow! Dad, this... this is actually a Taoist treasure!"

"Hey! It actually reminds me that only I can refine it!"

"Dad! Daddy! It's got my name on it too! Why is that?"

The six little guys were pleasantly surprised.

Hou Tu asked in a milky voice.

Qin Feng fondly touched her little head.

"Little guy, this is tailor-made for the six of you. When you grow up, you will naturally understand!"

"Oh~!"

The back soil nodded ignorantly.

At this time, Yu Xuanji said again: "Master, we have already exchanged the resources and are ready to advance to the realm!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Okay! Let's go!"

At the moment, Yu Xuanji and the others stopped talking, and took out the 'Noble Tokens' one by one, excited and activated.

After a while, the twelve Yu Xuanji turned into white light and disappeared into the hall.

For a time, Qin Feng was the only one left in the entire hall!

"It's time for me to exchange resources too!"

Qin Feng looked around the empty hall and walked to the nearest altar, full of expectations!

Whether he can reach 4 trillion combat power before participating in the Star Master assessment may depend on the exchange of resources this time!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the altar, pressed the translucent crystal ball with one hand, and entered the mall interface...

After only a short glance, he found 3 Taiqing Daojing, only 256 left, 33 good luck spiritual plants, but not a single one!

Obviously, Yu Xuanji and others exchanged for 44 Taiqing Daojing, those are what Yu Xuanji and others want most.

This is also very beneficial to Qin Feng!

Yu Xuanji and others awakened the Dao, which is equivalent to Qin Feng awakening the Dao!

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped wasting time and started the exchange!

After a while, he exchanged the 70,000 merit points in his hand for nothing.

He also exchanged for 33 Good Fortune Spirit Plants and 16 Taiqing Dao Crystals.

There are 240 Taiqing Daojing left in the mall!

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

This is another huge gain!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the field immediately flashed white light!

In the next second, 33 fortune-level spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruits were densely arranged in front of us, emitting various colors of glow!

Those rays of light are connected together, and the entire hall of the temple is reflected in a splendid, extraordinary atmosphere!

There is also a strong fragrance in the air, which is refreshing!

Seeing this, Qin Feng felt extremely relieved!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

In the next second, he pinched the seal with his hand and activated the Spirit Plant Devouring!

The invisible power of devouring devoured the 33 spiritual plants

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, those spiritual plants quickly withered down.

Qin Feng's momentum has skyrocketed all the way, and his body also lit up with various avenues of aura.

In this way, Qin Feng once again started a crazy harvest

At the same time, in another place, in the Temple of Star Lord.

More than 300,000 contestants gathered in the hall, waiting for the Star Master's assessment to begin

At this time, the atmosphere in the field is very hot!

Taking a closer look at those players, they are basically existences above the main **** realm!

Quasi-god kings and god-king realms abound!

At this moment, in the corner of the hall.

Brahma kept staring at the entrance.

He was waiting for Qin Feng to appear, but Qin Feng did not show up.

At this moment, Abel's voice sounded in his ear.

"Master Brahma! The star master assessment in this world is not ordinary! I actually saw four half-step eternal powerhouses, and seventeen quasi-half-step eternal! It seems that this year's assessment is much more difficult!"

Speaking of this, Abel sighed!

Brahma didn't take it seriously and said: "The old man is here not for the Star Lord assessment, but to ruin Qin Feng's affairs! The existence of those guys, the old man is not interested!"

Abel hurriedly smiled: "Your Excellency is right! Our goal is to deal with Qin Feng! Then again, in two hours, the game will start! Qin Feng, the thief late 517, hasn't appeared, he won't be really trapped in Has the Lord God's assessment been completed?"

Brahma smiled proudly: "My mission goal is to prevent him from becoming the master of the sanctuary. If he is trapped, then the deity will not have to take action. Speaking of which, that little thief is really stupid! The star master assessment is so important, he How dare you go to be promoted to Lord God first!"

Abel also said proudly: "The little thief must have overestimated himself and ran to the ninth floor to break into the tower! Once he gets in, he won't be able to get out!"

Brahma also smiled and said: "Probably so! Let's continue to wait!"

At the moment, the two continued to stare at the entrance and waited.

Before you know it, half an hour has passed!

Qin Feng's figure still did not appear!

And there is only an hour and a half left before the Star Master assessment.

Brahma and Brahma became more and more convinced that Qin Feng was trapped in the Buddha Tower.

The schadenfreude in the eyes of the two of them became stronger and stronger.

At this moment, in the Hall of Merit.

Qin Feng's devouring is over!

I saw that those spiritual plants withered away, and the hall was filled with a strong sense of death!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After swallowing this up, he actually increased his combat power by 2.4 billion, and his basic combat power reached 3.61 trillion stars in one fell swoop!

In this way, he is a big step forward from the 4 trillion combat power!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before Qin Feng was happy, the jade plate of good fortune was activated.

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 653, which meets the advanced requirements and automatically opens the advanced level]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 11 to rank 12! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 12th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 12%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 12th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 12%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 12th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 500 million stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum soared wildly again!

After a long time, the increase is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of joy!

With this improvement, his combat power skyrocketed to 3.66 trillion stars!

"It's only 3.4 billion star combat power! It is estimated that this time I am promoted to the main **** realm, I will be able to break through 4 trillion!"

Qin Feng smiled and took out the 'Master God's Title Order'!

He looked at the time again, there was only an hour and a half left, and the star master assessment was about to take an exam.

The promotion time of this main **** is not short, he has to hurry up

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood and started to activate the token

Chapter 963: The Whip of God! Promote the Lord God!

Om~!

As soon as the token has absorbed the blood essence, it will be released with golden light!

In an instant, the golden light enveloped Qin Feng!

With a flash of light, his whole person disappeared in place!

The next second, he appeared on a huge altar.

He hurriedly looked around, and saw that the field was quiet, the stars were shining in the distance, and it was boundless!

This altar is actually in the starry sky!

Afterwards, Qin Feng's heart moved, and when he looked up, he was surprised to find that there was a huge projection floating above his head.

That projection is extremely huge, comparable to a solar system.

If you look closely, you will see that the projection is shaped like a wooden whip, with a total of twenty-one sections, each section has four sides, and each side has a talisman!

Those sigils are incomparably huge, all the size of planets, and they all emit a shocking light!

Twenty-one wooden whips, there are a total of 84 talismans, and they emit holy light, illuminating the whole world, and the momentum is amazing!

Qin Feng hurriedly peeped at him.

[Dao-level projection: This projection is from the cross-border projection of ‘God Whip’! 】

[Playing the God Whip: Dao-level wonders, the only one in the universe! 】

[Reminder: Fight the whip to control the titles of the heavens! With a single whip, the god-lord fell, the star-lord collapsed, and the god-king could not compete! Only half a step above eternity can resist one or two! 】

Boom~!

After watching this, Qin Feng was shocked and full of surprises!

That was actually the projection of 'God Whip'!