Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

If it is said that the 'Fengshen Bang' has mastered the gods of the heavens!

That 'playing the **** whip' will control the title of Lord God and Star Lord!

These two are Tao-level wonders of this universe, and they are exactly what Qin Feng wants!

"It turns out that the whip is hidden in the Daluotian territory! I don't know if it recognizes the master?"

Qin Feng looked at the projection of the divine whip with fiery eyes.

He wants to truly master this universe, not only to obtain the inheritance of the master of the universe, but also to obtain the master of the Nine Dao-level strange objects!

At present, he only has the recognition of the owner of the 'Fengchan Heaven Monument'!

Now, he finally saw the second strange object, which is the 'beating whip'!

pity!

That's just projection!

I don't know where is the body of the whip?

Is it at the Star Master Assessment Office?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, a reminder of Heavenly Dao came from the air.

[Promotion reminder: Player 'Qin Feng' please get ready! Next, we will open the main **** promotion ceremony for you]

Finally can be promoted to the main god!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, full of expectations!

At the moment, he sat cross-legged, and at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Promotion Reminder: Depending on the rank of nobility, the blessing of obtaining the power of the 'Noble Seal' is also different! 】

[Seventh-Rank Lord God's title: You can get four blessings of 'the power of the seal'! 】

[Sixth-Rank Lord God Title: You can get eight blessings of the 'Power of the Seal'! 】

[The title of the fifth-rank master god: you can get twelve blessings of the 'power of the seal'! 】

[The title of the fourth-grade main god: you can get sixteen blessings of 'the power of the seal'! 】

[Three-Rank Lord God Noble: You can get twenty blessings of the 'Power of Noble Seal'! 】

[Second-Rank Lord God Title: You can get twenty-four blessings of the power of the seal! 】

[First-Rank Lord God Title: You can get twenty-eight blessings of 'the power of the seal'! 】

[The title of the best master god: you can get thirty-six blessings of 'the power of the seal'! 】

[The title of the Lord of the Dao Pin: You can get forty-eight blessings of the power of the seal! 】

[Supreme Lord Divine Title: You can get eighty-four blessings of 'the power of the seal'! 】

[It is detected that the player 'Qin Feng' has obtained the supreme title, and it starts to activate the eighty-four 'power of the title' for you]

"Hey! What is the power of the seal?"

Qin Feng was a little stunned!

Woo~~!

At this moment, the divine whip projection vibrated, illuminating the heavenly light.

Qin Feng looked up quickly, and saw the four huge talismans on the first section of the projection of the divine whip, all lit up with dazzling golden light!

Immediately afterwards, the four talismans on the second section also lit up with golden light!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Om~! Om~! Om~!

That's it, 3rd, 4th, 5th

The talisman on each section lit up with dazzling golden light in turn, and the momentum was extremely extraordinary!

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

The 'power of the seal' is the talisman on the whip, the divine power condensed

And the higher the title rank obtained, the more sigils will be activated!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In a blink of an eye, the eighty-four talismans on the whip were all activated!

Eighty-four golden rays of light are connected together, the momentum is extremely amazing, and it is extremely sacred!

In the next second, the eighty-four talismans projected eighty-four golden beams of light, which fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng together.

Immediately afterwards, the power of the eighty-four kinds of seals, like monstrous water, poured into Qin Feng's body continuously.

Suddenly, every inch of his skin, every inch of bone, every hair, and every cell was strengthened by the power of those seals.

[Main God Realm is being promoted! Your body is being strengthened by the power of eighty-four seals]

[Main God Realm is being promoted! Your blood is being strengthened by the power of eighty-four seals]

[Main God Realm is being promoted! Your bones are being strengthened by the power of eighty-four seals]

[Main God Realm is being promoted! Your soul body is being strengthened by the power of eighty-four seals]

[Main God Realm is being promoted! You are gaining insight into the Dao from the power of the eighty-four kinds of seals]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's aura all the way up wildly!

From the physical body to the soul body, he is constantly being strengthened

Twenty-two new avenues of light are also lit up on his body.

In this way, Qin Feng closed his eyes and accepted the promotion of the realm!

The thrill of being promoted and becoming stronger spread in his heart.

Just when Qin Feng completed his realm promotion, something was happening outside.

At this moment, in the Bright God Realm, in the discussion hall.

His Holiness and Moses are discussing the current situation.

The kings of gods were also around.

"Lord Yingyue, in another hour, the Star Lord assessment will begin! Do you think Lord Brahma can succeed?" "?"

Moses looked worried.

Jieyin smiled slightly: "Van, as long as Qin Feng's thief's combat power does not exceed 3 trillion stars, he can succeed! This time, that little thief will never become a star master!"

"As long as he can't become the star master, he can't become the master of the sanctuary. In the end, he is not qualified to participate in the inheritance competition of the 'master of the universe'!"

Speaking of the end, the schadenfreude on his face, as if Brahma will succeed!

He didn't know that Qin Feng's combat power had already exceeded 3 trillion stars!

Not only did he not know, but Brahma also did not know.

After hearing those words, Moses breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he sighed again: "I didn't expect it! That thief Qin Feng is actually a challenger! It's unbelievable that a challenger can grow to this level!"

The reception also sighed: "Yeah! The deity was only aware of this a day ago. If I knew this was the case, I should have destroyed the 'Blue Star Realm' and cut off the little thief who became the master of the sanctuary. Back way!"

Having said that, I am deeply regretful!

Moses comforted: "Sir, as long as Lord Brahma succeeds, it doesn't matter whether we destroy the Blue Star Realm or not!"

Jie Yin sneered and shook his head: "You can't say that! This time, the arrangement of the big sacrifice to heaven is a two-pronged approach! Brahma is in the territory of Da Luotian, destroying the little thief's star master assessment. And our task is to destroy the Blue Star Realm! "

Moses was startled: "Sir, are we going to destroy the Blue Star Realm? But the Blue Star Realm is in the center of the Azure Dragon Star Territory, and is being protected by the Azure Dragon Territory Lord. With the help of the power of the stars in the center of the Star Territory, the Blue Star Territory can be powerful. It is comparable to half-step Great Perfection!"

What he means is that even if the two of them go to the center of the Azure Dragon Star Region, they are not the opponents of the Azure Dragon Region Lord!

Venerable Jie Yin didn't take it seriously and said, "The arrangement of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven will naturally have the means to deal with the Azure Dragon Domain Master!"

Moses' eyes lit up: "Sir, what can I do? Could it be?"

Before the words were finished, the two seemed to sense something and looked outside the hall.

At the same moment, a hearty laughter sounded outside the hall!

"Haha! Pick up Daoist friends! I've made you wait for a long time!"

The next second, a majestic figure walked in from outside the hall!

Moses hurriedly looked at it, and saw that the person who came was naked, holding a trident in one hand, a skull necklace on his neck, a third eye between his eyebrows, and long blue and black hair, with an evil and powerful aura!

Seeing this clearly, Moses recognized the person, and his face changed slightly.

Immediately, he hurriedly stepped forward to meet him.

"It turned out to be Lord Shiva! Moses has seen Lord Shiva!"

"Haha! Fellow Daoist Shiva, you are finally here!"

The receptionist also laughed and greeted him with a very polite tone.

It turned out that the person who came was Venerable Shiva, a half-step eternal great perfection powerhouse!

Although his name is Shiva, he is male!

"Fellow Daoist, I've made you wait for a long time!"

Shiva also greeted politely, but ignored Moses.

Moses didn't care either.

In this world where strength is respected, the difference between his strength and Shiva's strength is too great, and this situation is normal.

"Sir, Lord Shiva, why is Lord Shiva here today...?"

Moses asked quietly.

Jie Yin smiled and said, "The Daoist Shiva was invited by the great sacrifice to help us deal with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!"

Moses' eyes lit up: "I see! That's great! If there is Lord Shiva to deal with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, then we can easily destroy the Blue Star Realm!"

Jie Yin stroked his chin and smiled: "It's true!"

Shiva also said: "Fellow Daoist, Shi has arrived! When are we going to the Azure Dragon Star Region?"

"No hurry! One more person to wait!"

Ying Yin again showed a mysterious smile.

Moses was surprised: "Master Yieyin, we already have Lord Shiva to help us, do we still need to ask for help?"

Xie Yin nodded slightly: "¨'That's right! The plan of the big sacrifice to the sky is to be sure of it! No matter whether the Daoist Brahma is successful or not, we will destroy the Blue Star Realm! In this way, even if Qin Feng succeeds in being promoted to the star master, he You can't become the Lord of the Sanctuary!"

Moses was stunned at first!

Immediately, he was overjoyed: "Yes! As long as we destroy the Blue Star Realm, even if Qin Feng is promoted to the star master, it will be meaningless."

Jie Yin smiled and said: "So, it is a secondary task for Brahma to deal with Qin Feng in the Daluotian territory! We deal with the Blue Star Realm outside, which is the main task of this plan!"

"Since it is the main task, we naturally have to succeed 100%, and we can't fail any more! Because of this, in addition to inviting Shiva, Daotian also invited another person!"

Moses hurriedly asked, "Who is that man?"

Shiva also looked at Venerable Yingyin curiously.

Jie Yin smiled slightly: "That person is Venerable Vishnu!"

Boom~!

When he heard the name, Moses was shocked!

Immediately, he exclaimed in ecstasy: "Haha! Lord Ying, Venerable Vishnu is also a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse! With his addition, we will definitely be able to destroy the Blue Star Realm!"

Shiva also smiled and said, "I have always been on good terms with Vishnu, and his strength is not inferior to me. This time he also joins, and the mission will be successful!"

Jie Yin smiled smugly and said, "That's natural! However, fellow Daoist Vishnu will arrive later. We have to wait for him to meet before we set off!"

Moses smiled and said: "As long as you can wait until Lord Vishnu, it doesn't matter if you wait a little longer! In short, Qin Feng's little thief is dead this time! His Blue Star Realm is destined to be destroyed!"

As soon as these words fell, Yingyin and Shiva all smiled knowingly!