Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, he was promoted to a high-level substitute, only two conditions away!

One is to be promoted to the advanced master of the universe!

The other is to create the Fengchan Heavenly Monument!

The Fengchan Heavenly Stele fused with the 'Heaven and Earth's Profound Yellow Qi' has come to an end, and it is estimated that it will be completed soon!

That is to say, if Qin Feng wants to be promoted to a high-level substitute for heaven, he has to become a high-level master of the universe!

And he is still nine innate avenues away from being promoted to the advanced master of the universe!

Innate Dao is extremely difficult to understand!

This will be a long process again!

"Now, my combat power has reached 4.57 trillion stars, so the next star master assessment should have a good result?!"

When Qin Feng thought about it, he pinched his fingers and started the Heavenly Secret Avenue...

After a while, he deduced the secret, and he couldn't help but look up at the direction of the Azure Dragon Starfield, with a look of astonishment in his eyes!

After a long time, he retracted his gaze and frowned!

"That big sacrificial heaven is really 'death to my heart will not die'! It turns out that this time he divided his troops into two groups, and the main goal is to destroy my Blue Star Realm!"

Qin Feng is depressed!

If the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, even if he passes the star master assessment, he will not become the master of the sanctuary!

At that time, he will also find a way to reshape the Blue Star Realm.

That is an extremely long process, which will make him miss the inheritance of the trial domain master.

Because the inheritance of the 'Judgment Domain Master' will be opened soon!

There is not enough time, wait for him to reshape the Blue Star Realm.

Therefore, he must find a way to keep the Blue Star Realm!

According to his deduction just now, if his combat power exceeds 6 trillion stars, then the combat power of his four avatars can skyrocket to about 4.8 trillion!

In this way, the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master have a 50% chance of keeping the Blue Star Realm!

In other words, he has to hurry to improve his strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart!

Now, his means to improve his strength have basically been used up.

If he wants to improve his strength, he will have to rely on the star master assessment!

I don't know if the star master assessment can make him break through 6 trillion battle power?

"Right! I still have this!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he turned his palm...

In the next second, a white light flashed in his palm, and a cyan token appeared!

hum~!

As soon as the token appeared, it lit up with a dazzling blue light!

huh~!

In the next second, it automatically turned into a blue light and merged into Qin Feng's body...

[Opportunity Reminder: It was detected that you have broken 4 trillion star combat power, so you automatically awakened this Dao-level chance order and obtained a Dao-level chance! 】

[Content of chance: Enter the Star Lord Hall and complete the Star Lord assessment. After reaching a certain score, this opportunity will be automatically activated! 】

[Reminder: This opportunity is related to the recognition of the master of the whip, and the players master a variety of "innate five Tais" avenues, which is more beneficial to the master of the whip! 】

[Innate Five Greats: Taixu Avenue, Taichu Avenue, Taishi Avenue, Taisu Avenue, Taiyi Avenue and other five innate avenues! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he was immediately surprised!

Great!

Beating God's whip really didn't recognize the Lord!

And the order of chance he got was to make the whip of the gods recognize the master.

If he can successfully recognize the master this time, he will have mastered the two Dao-level wonders of the Hongyuan universe, and his strength will skyrocket!

Even better, mastering a variety of innate five great Taos is more beneficial to those who beat the whip.

And he has mastered the three types of Taixu, Taichu, and Taishi, isn't it very beneficial!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly smiled.

It seems that he has to hurry to participate in the Star Master assessment, after all, there are only 20 minutes left!

Next, whether he can break through the 6 trillion battle power depends on the star master assessment!

Om~!

At this moment, the starry sky shook!

A different force from heaven and earth shrouded and enveloped Qin Feng!

Then, he turned into a white light and disappeared above the altar.

His stay time has reached the upper limit!

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the Hall of Merit Pavilion!

As soon as he appeared, there was a cry of surprise from the field!

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Qin Feng hurriedly followed the sound and saw Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi and others welcomed him with joy!

Twelve of them have completed the promotion of the main **** one step ahead, and are here waiting for Qin Feng to come out.

Come to think of it, these subordinates are promoted to the second-rank master gods, and they only need to integrate the power of twenty-four to the seal, and the natural speed will be faster!

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly and greeted everyone...

After he saw the changes in everyone, he was even more happy.

This time, Feng Xi and the others have skyrocketed in strength!

Especially Di Jiang and Jumang, their combat power reached 1.5 billion stars in one fell swoop.

Hongyun and Tianwu, who were born the latest and the weakest, also broke the 600 million star rating!

Houtu, who was also born the latest, has reached 800 million stars, surpassing Qingchengzi!

In short, after these twelve people were promoted to the main **** realm, their strength skyrocketed by a lot!

If they sacrifice their combat power again, they can sacrifice about 1 trillion in total!

This is of great help to Qin Feng!

At this time, Feng Xi and the others gathered around.

"Dad! Dad! Has your battle strength exceeded 4 trillion?"

Hou Tu was the first to ask in a milky voice.

Feng Xi and others also looked at Qin Feng with concern!

They are very concerned about this issue, after all, it is related to the future safety of the Blue Star Realm.

Qin Feng pampered Houtu's little face.

"Little guy, Dad's battle power is over 4 trillion, but the Blue Star Realm's troubles are even bigger!"

When these words fell, everyone was shocked.

Feng Xi hurriedly asked: "Master, your combat power has exceeded 4 trillion! It stands to reason that the development of things should be more and more favorable! Why is the danger of the Blue Star Realm even greater?"

"Hey! I just deduced some secrets! This time, the big sacrifice is divided into two groups. One way is to arrange people to deal with me in the Star-Lord Hall; the other way is to destroy the Blue Star Realm while I am assessing!"

Qin Feng roughly said the following situation!

Hearing this, Feng Xi and the others immediately exclaimed.

"what?!"

"Dad, that big sacrifice to the sky is too abominable!"

"Master! This... how is this good? If the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, you are afraid that you will miss the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master!"

This time, Feng Xi and the others were a little flustered.

Qin Feng quickly consoled: "Don't worry! According to my calculations, they will attack the Blue Star Realm within half an hour before I leave the Daluo Heaven Realm."

"If I can increase my combat power to more than 6 trillion before this, the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master will join forces, and there is a 50% chance to resist them!"

"As long as the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master can last for half an hour, after I go out, it's time to kill them!"

Hearing this, everyone's eyes lit up, as if they saw hope.

Feng Xi breathed a sigh of relief: "Master, in this way, there is still hope for us to keep the Blue Star Realm!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "It depends on whether I can increase the combat power to 6 trillion half an hour before the closure of Daluotianjing! This is not easy!"

Having said that, Qin Feng sighed.

He was not sure in his heart that he would definitely be able to do it!

At this time, Yu Xuanji seemed to have thought of something, and hurriedly stepped forward to remind him.

"Master, this time, twelve of us have been promoted to the title of second-rank master god, and each of us has awakened four new avenues! Look at these awakened avenues, whether there are any that you haven't realized yet!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Yes! I'll take a look! Yu'er, let's start with you first!"

"Yes! Master!"

Yu Xuanji hurried forward.

Qin Feng didn't dare to waste time, he directly broke his fingers, drew a golden rune in the air, and pressed Yu Xuanji's eyebrows...

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! You are sharing your insights on the Dao with your subordinate 'Jade Xuanji'...]

【Share success! You gain insights from Yuxuanji and begin to awaken the Dao of Acquired Heaven—the Dao of Embryo...]

【Share success! You gain insights from Yu Xuanji and begin to awaken the avenue of the day after tomorrow—the avenue of the tomb...]

【Share success! You gain insights from Yu Xuanji and begin to awaken the Dao of Acquired Heaven—the Dao of Sickness…]

【Share success! You gain insights from Yuxuanji and begin to awaken the Dao of the Day After Heaven—the Dao of Decline…]

In just a moment, Qin Feng awakened four new avenues from the Yuxuan body, and his strength has also improved!

The efficiency is so fast that Qin Feng is very happy!

Feng Xi and others also sensed the change, and they all showed joy!

Afterwards, Feng Xi took the initiative to ask Ying: "Master, let the concubine come for the second one!"

"it is good!"

Qin Feng is also talking nonsense, once again breaking his fingers and blood clotting...𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In this way, Qin Feng began to share a new avenue with his subordinates...

On the other side, in the Hall of Star Lords, there is already a lot of voices!

The assessment is getting closer and closer, and the atmosphere in the field is getting hotter and hotter.

At this moment, in the corner of the hall.

Brahma and Abel have been silently watching the entrance.

The joy on the faces of the two is getting stronger and stronger!

"Lord Brahma, there is only a quarter of an hour left, and the star master assessment is about to begin! The Qin Feng little thief is too late, and he must be trapped in the master **** assessment and can't get out!"

Abel said with a look of schadenfreude.

Brahma also smiled and said: "Most of the time! If he really can't get in, the deity will save trouble!"