Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Abel sighed with emotion: "Sir, so far, I think that the honorable mention exaggerates Qin Feng's strength. If Qin Feng is as powerful as he said, he should have come in long ago, instead of being trapped in the main **** assessment area. !"

Brahma nodded slightly: "It's very possible! However, we can't be too optimistic! After all, there is still a quarter of an hour before the entrance to the Hall of Stars will be completely closed!"

Abel smiled and said, "That's right! Lord, let's keep waiting!"

At the moment, the two continue to wait!

Time passed by every second!

In a blink of an eye, the entrance to the Star-Lord Hall was closed, and only the last five minutes were left.

Qin Feng still did not appear!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The smiles on the faces of the two Brahma became even stronger!

At this moment, in the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng finally completed all the sharing of insights!

His gains are enormous. . . .

Chapter 965 Star Master Assessment! Too vain day!

At this moment, Qin Feng's fingers left Hongyun's eyebrows and slowly opened his eyes

Hongyun is the last one to complete the sharing of insights!

Qin Feng also got four new avenues from Hongyun!

"Master, how is the situation?"

As soon as his eyes opened, Yu Xuanji asked with concern.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This time the harvest is good! Of the 48 avenues you awakened, only 7 were awakened by me!"

Hearing this, everyone showed joy.

In other words, Qin Feng has awakened 41 new avenues this time!

So far, he has mastered 766 avenues, and his basic combat power has greatly increased to 4.62~ trillion stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such progress-!

"Okay! I'm going to participate in the star master assessment! You guys are waiting for me to come back here at the Merit-Gate!"

At this time, Qin Feng remembered the business.

There are only four minutes left before the Star Master assessment, and he cannot delay any longer.

"Master, you go!"

Feng Xi and others agreed.

Qin Feng no longer delays, and hurriedly turned and left

Feng Xi and others watched Qin Feng silently.

After Qin Feng left the Merit Pavilion, Feng Xi turned to look at Yu Xuanji.

"Sister Xuanji, do you think the master can increase the combat power to 6 trillion stars half an hour before the secret realm closes?"

Feng Xi's tone revealed worry!

Yu Xuanji also took a deep breath: "It's hard to say! 6 trillion! That's the upper limit of half-step eternal peak! This goal is too difficult for the master!"

Feng Xi nodded: "Yes! I also think it's too difficult! I hope the master can succeed!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone showed a trace of worry.

They all knew that if Qin Feng did not reach his goal, the Blue Star Realm would be destroyed!

If the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, the damage to Qin Feng will be too great!

At this time, Qingchengzi also spoke.

"Two people, Pindao believes that the master can do it, so let's not think about it. Besides, we can't interfere in the master's star master assessment. In this case, we might as well retreat quickly!"

"Before, didn't we exchange some Taiqing Dao crystals from the mall? We might as well take advantage of the master's assessment to quickly refine those Dao crystals and awaken some new Dao!"

"If the master completes the star master assessment ahead of time, he will be able to obtain some avenues from us! This will help the master to improve his strength!"

At this reminder, everyone's eyes lit up.

"Yes! Everyone, let's retreat now!"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly ordered everyone.

At the moment, the group arrived at the corner of the Merit Pavilion and began to retreat one after another.

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qingchengzi, Qiyue, Hongyun, and Xiaoluaner began to refine the Daojing exchanged before!

Dijiang, Jumang, Zhurong, Gonggong, Houtu, and Tianwu refined and refined the Wudao Emperor Pearl presented by Qin Feng.

Just like that, Long Yuan and his party went into seclusion.

At the same time, in the hall of the Star-Lord Hall.

There was a lot of people in the field, but the atmosphere was getting more and more tense.

Because the assessment is about to start, many players are beginning to feel uneasy.

In the corner, Brahma and Abel were still staring at the entrance.

The joy on the faces of the two is getting stronger and stronger!

"Master Brahma, only the last 2 minutes are left, and Qin Feng's child still hasn't appeared!"

Abel smiled.

The corners of Brahma's mouth twitched slightly: "If he doesn't come again, he really won't come! Hey! This makes the old man a little disappointed!"

Abel said with a smile: "Lord Brahma, it's a good thing that the little thief doesn't come! In this way, you can participate in the Star Lord assessment with peace of mind. With your strength, winning the first-class Star Lord is not easy!"

Brahma's eyes lit up: "You mean something. I didn't expect that a loose cultivator like me would be able to get a chance for Star Lord with the help of the Great Sacrificial Heaven!"

It turned out that when Brahma was young, the base planet where he was born was destroyed, and he lost the chance to become a star master early.

Today, Da Jitian uses the secret technique of 'stealing the sky and changing the sun' to make him a star master candidate.

This is equivalent to creating a stellar fate for him!

Having said that, after becoming a first-class Star Lord, the rewards you get are extremely rich!

Even if Brahma is a half-step Great Perfection, he will be moved by it, let alone Abel.

If nothing else, the Awakening of the Great Dao rewarded by the first-class Star Lord is what Brahma wants.

Of course, what he wants more is the chance of a special star-lord!

such a pity!

That special star-lord can only be activated by the challenger, he is missed!

Thinking of this, Brahma complained: "Hey~! This deity is obviously powerful, but he can't get a higher chance than the first-class Star Lord!"

Abel quickly echoed: "Yes! With the strength of the adults, if you want to obtain the legendary special star-lord, it is a matter of hand. It is a shame that Tiandao only grants the chance of the special star to the challenger!"

Brahma smiled bitterly: "Tian Dao's favoritism towards challengers has a long history! Rumor has it that this has something to do with the residual will of the previous Lord of the Universe. That's right! That thief Qin Feng is the challenger! He has hope of winning a special star-lord. what!"

Speaking of which, Brahma's tone was sour.

Abel was also annoyed: "Yeah! Heaven is too partial to the challenger!"

Immediately, he gloated and said, "Lord Brahma, although the thief Qin Feng is qualified to obtain the special title of God, he is now trapped in the assessment of the Lord God, and he is doomed to miss this great opportunity!"

Brahma also breathed a sigh of relief: "So wonderful! Right! It seems that there is only one minute left?"

"Yes! It's only a minute! Qin Feng thief hasn't arrived at this time, it's destined to be too late! I guess"

Abel smiled and looked at the entrance of the temple, and was about to continue talking.

But at this moment, light and shadow flashed at the entrance, and a handsome and tall figure walked in!

Abel and Brahma hurriedly looked at the approaching person

Boom~!

Seeing who was coming, the smile on Abel's face froze!

Brahma was also dumbfounded!

That person is Qin Feng!

At this moment, the two stared blankly at Qin Feng, unable to react for a while.

On the other side, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief as soon as he entered the temple.

He finally arrived just in time!

Thinking of this, he raised his head and looked forward

I saw more than 300,000 players gathered in the hall, and the atmosphere in the field was very hot

And his arrival soon caught the attention of some players.

This young man has only come in at this moment, how strange it is!

Many contestants looked at Qin Feng curiously!

When they found out that Qin Feng was just a master god, they immediately lost interest.

The main **** is the existence with the largest number of people in the field, and it is also the existence at the bottom, so there is no need to pay attention.

Only players above the king of gods will arouse their interest.

At the moment, those players looked away one by one and continued to discuss the next assessment.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and didn't care.

He didn't take these players seriously either.

The ones who can cause him some trouble are at least the players who are more than half-step eternal!

With this in mind, Qin Feng glanced at the field.

Soon he found

There are nearly 300,000 main players in the realm of the gods!

There are more than 20,000 players in the realm of the gods!

Quasi-half step eternal 17 people!

Half-step Eternal 4 people!

There is also a person who can't see through the cultivation base!

Qin Feng looked at the man curiously

That person is none other than Brahma!

Today, Brahma has not only changed his appearance with secret techniques, but has also concealed his cultivation so that people cannot see through it.

When Qin Feng looked at it, he suddenly recovered from his daze.

Immediately, Brahma swallowed his saliva, looked at Qin Feng with a complicated look, and then looked away, not wanting to meet Qin Feng's eyes.

Abel also slowed down and looked away calmly.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng frowned slightly.

He vaguely felt that these two guys were a little weird!

Just now, these two guys looked at him in a wrong way!

Is it

Qin Feng narrowed his eyes slightly.

After pondering for a while, he looked away and looked elsewhere.

Just as he looked away, Abel hurriedly leaned into Brahma's ear and whispered.

"Lord Brahma, I didn't expect it! This Qin Feng thief came in at the last minute!"

Abel's tone was a little depressing.