Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Brahma also frowned: "It can only be said that this little thief is lucky! He actually caught the last minute! However, his luck will end here!"

At the end, the corners of Brahma's mouth turned up slightly, revealing a sneer.

Abel also suddenly said, "Yes! This time Lord Brahma took the shot. Even if the little thief arrives in time, he will be kicked out by the adults! By the way, my lord, that little thief is already in the main **** realm!"

Having said that, Abel secretly glanced at Qin Feng again.

Brahma also glanced at random, and sensed the breath of Qin Feng's main god.

But in the next second, he looked away with disdain.

"Oh! He just broke through to the realm of the main god, how much progress do you think he can make? As long as his combat power does not exceed 3 trillion, the deity can easily handle him!"

Speaking of which, Brahma's tone revealed confidence!

Abel rejoiced: "Your Excellency is right! By the way, Your Excellency, this little thief took so long to arrive, so it can be seen that it is very difficult for him to advance to the Lord God Realm!"

Brahma's eyes lit up: "Hey! Your analysis is very reasonable! If he really had the ability to cite what the Venerable said so well, he should have arrived long ago, not delayed until the last moment."

"If this is the case, the deity speculates that his current combat power is about 2.5 trillion stars!"

Abel said with a smile: "My lord, maybe he doesn't even have 2.5 trillion! I'm afraid you think highly of him!"

As soon as these words fell, both of them smiled knowingly.

On the other side, Qin Feng pretended to look into the distance, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a secret smile.

Abel and Brahma whispered very little, but they couldn't hide Qin Feng's eavesdropping.

At this point, he finally figured out that these two guys were arranged by the big sacrifice to deal with him.

He is lucky!

As soon as he entered, he found a hostile target!

Through the dialogue between the two, he initially judged that Brahma's strength should be half-step eternal great perfection!

Such strength is a bit tricky!

However, he is not afraid!

What's even more funny is that these two guys thought that his combat power was less than 2.5 trillion stars.

If these two people find out that his combat power has reached 4.62 trillion stars, what expression will he have?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the door of light at the entrance of the temple finally slowly closed!

Immediately afterwards, the voice of heaven came from above the hall.

[Assessment reminder: This year's 'Star Master Assessment' is about to begin, please prepare for the contestants! 】

[After 1 minute, all the contestants will be sent to the first examination room - Taixutian! 】

【Countdown: 65958】

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the audience was in a commotion!

"It's started! The assessment is finally about to start!"

"It turns out that the first examination room was called Tai Xutian!"

"Yeah! I'm so nervous! I don't know what will be assessed in this first round?"FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"The old man is equally nervous! No matter what the assessment is, the elimination rate must be extremely high! I'm afraid that one of the 100 main **** realm players can clear the level!"

"Brother! When you say that, I'm even more nervous!"

At this moment, there is a lot of discussion in the field!

Many players showed nervousness.

Qin Feng also took a deep breath and prepared for the assessment.

At the same time, both Brahma and Abel looked at him intentionally or unintentionally, and those eyes were malicious at first glance.

Qin Feng sneered in his heart and pretended not to see it.

It was at this moment that a thought suddenly appeared in his mind!

The first round was too empty to start!

Could there be some relationship between Taixutian and Taixu Dao?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, Tiandao sent a reminder

【Countdown is over! Start sending now]

Om~! Om~! Om~!

As soon as the prompt came out, the players turned into streaks of white light and disappeared into the hall.

Qin Feng was also wrapped by an invisible force, turning into white light and disappearing.

Chapter 966 Vientiane changes! One punch kill!

Qin Feng only felt that the world was spinning for a while, and the whole person was being teleported...

The next second, with his feet firmly on his feet, he appeared in a square.

At this moment, white light flashed in the square, and one player after another appeared.

Looking around the square, I was surrounded by a thick gray fog, making it impossible to see the depths of the sea of ​​fog...

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he peeped towards the white strange fog...

[Taixu Shawu: Shawu containing the power of Taixu, one of the special Shawu at the boundary of the universe]

After reading this, Qin Feng suddenly felt in his heart!

At this moment, the white light stopped in the field, and all the players showed up!

The voice of Tiandao also sounded...

[Welcome to Taixutian, the first round of assessment rules are now announced...]

[Rule: The player enters the Taixu suffocating aura and keeps heading west. At the end of the sea of ​​fog, is the entrance to the beginning of the sky]

[Rule: Players who break into Taichutian within 5 hours, that is, pass the first round of assessment, can immediately obtain the personal reward of the fifth-rank Star-Lord! 】

[Rule: After the contestant obtains the fifth-class Star-Lord, they will automatically obtain the qualification for the fourth-class Star-Lord’s assessment]

[Rule: If you don’t break into Taichutian for more than 5 hours, you will be eliminated! 】

[Reminder: From the square to the entrance of Taichutian, it is about 10 trillion miles! If the player arrives at Taichutian within 30 minutes, additional rewards can be obtained]

[Reminder: If the contestant arrives at Taichutian within 15 minutes, the extra reward will be doubled! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, there was an uproar in the square!

"My God! It's 1 trillion miles from here to the entrance to Taichutian! It's too far!"

"Yeah! Even if the old man flies with all his strength, he can't make it in 7 hours, let alone 5 hours!"

"Hey! No wonder they say that the Star Master assessment is difficult! By the way, Tiandao also reminded that you can get extra rewards if you arrive within 30 minutes! Only 30 minutes, I am afraid that few people can do it in half a step of eternity, right?"

"Yeah! There is also a 15-minute double bonus. That's even more exaggerated! If you want to see this, if you travel 10 trillion miles in such a short period of time, it is only possible to complete the Great Perfection in half a step!"

"Yeah! But we don't seem to have such a strong person here! Among us players, the strongest is only one and a half-step eternal power!!"

As soon as these words fell, the crowd sighed.

All the contestants moaned and sighed constantly, feeling depressed for the next assessment.

In the crowd, Brahma frowned slightly after listening to the prompt.

At this moment, Abel's voice sounded beside him.

"Lord Brahma, I didn't expect that there would be additional rewards in this first round of assessments! The additional rewards must be extremely rich! After all, it is too difficult to obtain additional rewards!"

Brahma nodded slightly: "Indeed!"

Abel said again: "Sir, no one knows yet, you are the only half-step Great Perfection in the field. Presumably at the speed of an adult, you should be able to win double the extra reward, right?"

Brahma took a deep breath: "If I go at full speed, there is about a 60% chance of winning!"

Abel was surprised: "My God! It's only 60% of the speed of an adult?"

Brahma smiled bitterly: "10 trillion miles! How easy is it to travel!"

Hearing this, Abel was greatly surprised!

Neither Brahma nor Brahma found out. In the crowd, Qin Feng's eyes showed joy after listening to the prompt.

In 15 minutes, travel 10 trillion miles!

For other players present, it is almost impossible to complete.

But for him, he is 90% sure!

It seems that this time the double extra reward, he has won it!

The thought of extra rewards made his heart feel hot.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the void roared, and the voice of heaven came again...

[Reminder: Those Taixu evil mists contain the 'power of Taixu', that is, the power of Taixu Dao, which has a certain degree of suppression on the strength of the players! Players who master the 'Tai Xu Dao' will not be suppressed. 】

[Reminder: There are all kinds of extraterrestrial demons hidden in the Taixu Sha fog. The strength of those demons ranges from the main **** realm to half-step eternity, and their strength is not suppressed by the power of Taixu! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the faces of the players suddenly became ugly!

Brahma was also dumbfounded!

Originally, this assessment was extremely difficult, but I didn’t expect it to be blessed with two levels of difficulty!

At this moment, Brahma frowned.

After Abel took a deep breath, he asked in a low voice: "Brahma Dao, I didn't expect that this round of assessment will be blessed with two levels of difficulty. One is the suppression of the power of the emptiness, and the other is the obstruction of the demons! It should be a big deal to you. hinder it?"

Brahma said dejectedly: "The deity has not paid attention to the obstruction of the demons. It is the suppression of the power of Taixu, which is really annoying!"

"This deity has not mastered the Taixu Dao, and it is inevitable that the speed will be suppressed by the mist! In this way, the deity has only a 50% chance and can get double the extra reward!"

Speaking of which, Brahma is worried about gains and losses!

On the other side, Qin Feng still had a smile on his lips.

At this moment, he is extremely happy in his heart!

He happened to have mastered the 'Tai Xu Dao', and those evil mists had no effect on him.

It can be said that this round is very beneficial to him!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The voice of Tiandao continued to sound...

[Reminder: In this round of assessment, players are allowed to fight each other]

[Reminder: After the player dies, he will be resurrected in this safe area! The number of times a player can be resurrected shall not exceed 5 times! 】

[Reminder: Players who are eliminated will be reported to Da Luo Tianjing]

[Assessment officially begins! After the contestants leave the square, the Star Master Assessment Order will be automatically activated and the timer will start! The player's time results are subject to the token timing]

As soon as this reminder came out, there was another commotion in the field!

"It turns out that the 'Star Master Assessment Order' is used for timing!"

"Stop talking so much! Ladies and gentlemen, go ahead!"

"Brother! I'll go with you!"

With a loud noise, thousands of players rushed out of the square one after another...