Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"That's right! I think it can be a fight!"

"But I'm still worried!"

"That's right! I think it's better to wait for the boss to come out and then talk about it!"

Just when everyone was arguing, Qin Feng appeared.

Qin Feng: "Brothers, it seems that you have already received a reminder from Tiandao. Now let's discuss whether to increase the difficulty?"

"Wow! Boss! Boss is out!"

"Excited! So excited! I finally see the boss!"

"Woo! Brother village chief, little sister has been waiting so hard for you!"

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, it caused a sensation.

Everyone seemed to have found the backbone and cheered.

"Everyone be quiet! Don't interrupt the boss!"

"Brothers, don't get excited yet! What do you think about the question from the boss just now?"

"Yes! Are we going to increase the difficulty?"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, Tiandao only gave us ten minutes to think about it. If you don't choose over time, you will automatically give up this opportunity."

As soon as these words came out, everyone became anxious.

"Yeah! Let's make a choice quickly!"

"This...it's so hard to choose!"

"What's so hard to choose? Everything is up to the boss!"

"That's right! The boss said to increase the difficulty, we will increase the difficulty. We listen to the boss."

"The village chief, you choose! We will listen to you!"

"The boss chose it! It must not be wrong!"

Unconsciously, everyone has a blind respect for Qin Feng.

In their opinion, as long as they follow Qin Feng, they will never be wrong.

Therefore, they handed over such a major decision to Qin Feng.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Qin Feng: "Okay! Before choosing, I will explain two points. The first point is that this is a world of killing. When the novice assessment period ends, the competition for hegemony in the ten thousand districts will definitely start."

Qin Feng: "If we want to win the final victory in the competition for hegemony, we must become stronger and become the strongest force."

Qin Feng: "Second point, our village has doubled its resources many times. In the future, the difficulty of the natural punishment assessment will inevitably double. With our current situation, it is difficult to say that the natural punishment assessment will definitely pass."

Qin Feng: "If we can seize the opportunity to double the reward, all the above problems will be solved, so my decision is to increase the difficulty."

These words moved people.

"The boss is right! This is a life-and-death test. The greater the challenge, the greater the reward."

"Yeah! We can't wait for the unknown punishment to come. If we lose, we'll have nothing. It's better to fight once."

"Yeah! We can't wait to die!"

"Boss, you choose to double it!"

"Double! Double! I support double!"

"That's right! Boss, hurry up and increase the difficulty! Don't miss the time!"

Qin Feng: "Okay!"

At the moment, Qin Feng went to operate.

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng chose to double the difficulty of upgrading the village. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: From now on, the Heavenly Dao reward obtained by Longyuan Village will double for each level up. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: From now on, Longyuan Village will win the village competition and the reward will be doubled to 0]

Boom~!

When the news came out, the audience cheered.

"Haha! It turns out that the difficulty of choosing is doubled. As long as the village is upgraded by one level, the rewards of Heaven's Path will be doubled!"

"Yeah! It turns out that when a level 1 village is upgraded to level 2, each villager can get 100 attribute rewards. Now that it's doubled, isn't it just 200 attribute rewards!"

"With that said, I'm full of energy again!"

"Wise! The boss's choice is too wise!"

The crowd was excited.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Longyuan Village has been upgraded to a level 2 village, and the conditions have been changed. The conditions are as follows. 】

【Population reaches more than 1000】

[The village chief needs to obtain the title of "Rookie Emperor"]

[The village chief's novice cabin needs to be upgraded to level 3]

[In the village, there are more than 400 first-class wooden houses]

[In the village, there are more than 100 level 2 wooden houses]

[In the village, the number of level 10 strong people reaches more than 40]

[Reminder: Only after completing the above conditions can the creation authority of the guardian altar be opened. 】

As soon as this condition came out, Liu Yuan jumped out first.

Liu Yuan: "Boss! It's over! It's over! We're over for 4.6!"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, you are fooling yourself again!"

Liu Yuan burst into tears: "Old Wu, look at the first condition for upgrading our village, with a population of more than 1,000 people. But we only have 937 people in total!"

Everyone was shocked and quickly looked at it, and it really did.

Boom~!

The audience was dumbfounded!

Oh wow!

This is completely over!

Even if they fulfilled those conditions, the population would not be enough!

If the population is not together, it will not be possible to upgrade to a level 2 village.

This is a huge dead end!

Is Longyuan Village going to end?

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder......

Chapter 119 Prohibition, order troops on the battlefield!

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: The population of the village is insufficient, and the village chief can go to other novice villages to recruit villagers. 】

[Reminder: Only novice villages that have not yet established a village can the villagers in them be recruited. 】

[Reminder: The village chief must enter the space area where the target novice village is located for the recruitment function to take effect. 】

As soon as the news came out, the channel cheered.

"Haha! It turns out that this is still possible!"

"Fantastic! As long as the boss recruits some people from other novice villages, we can replenish our population."

"Oops! Oh my god! It almost scared me to tears just now!"

"Me too! I almost thought we were done!"

"It's good now, there's a solution. As long as the boss recruits some more people, that's fine."

"By the way, there are 17 villages in District 1 that are all from our Dragon Kingdom. They are miserable now! It's been three days, and many of them are only level 3."

"My God! It's only level 3! There are only four days left, and the novice exam is about to end. How can they get to level 10?"

"Hey! If you don't reach level 10, you will be obliterated by Heaven!"

"It's so pitiful! I'm afraid that more than half of them will not survive the novice stage!"

"Woo! Woo! Those are our compatriots! Brother village chief, you have to save them!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, you have to help those compatriots!"

At this moment, everyone begged.

Brotherhood, blood is thicker than water.

The feelings of the people of Longguo were revealed at this moment.

But at this time, Liu Yuan jumped out again.

Liu Yuan sighed: "Hey! You guys are too optimistic. Didn't you read the prompt, saying that the boss must go to the space area where the other novice villages are located to activate the recruitment function."

Liu Yuan: "But we are in the novice assessment period, and the spaces of the major novice villages are sealed, and we can't get out! How do you ask the boss to recruit?"

A word to wake up the dreamer!

When these words came out, everyone was in an uproar.

"Fuck~! It really is!"

"Oops! Omg! We're still finished!"

"Woo! We were still sympathizing with our compatriots in other villages just now, but we didn't expect that we would be unable to protect ourselves!"

"Hey! What can we do? If the population doesn't reach 1,000, we won't be able to advance to level 2 villages, so we won't be able to get village competition rewards!"

Liu Yuan sneered: "Upstairs, there are even worse ones. If we can't gather a population of 1,000, we can't open the authority to build a 'guardian altar'. If we don't guard the altar, what can we do against the gods?"

Wu Yong: "Fuck~! This time it's dead!"

"Uuuu! The boss said that, it's really dead! If we don't guard the altar, we will definitely not pass the punishment test. If we all become refugees, we will all be deducted 100 attributes!"

"Hey! This...this...how can I do this?"

This time, everyone panicked.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: During the novice assessment period, after completing the C-level five-element seal task, you can unlock the spatial seal of this village and go to the big world outside. 】

[Reminder: Find the Temple of Vientiane in the big world, and through the teleportation array in it, you can go to the designated novice village. 】

"Hey! The Temple of Vientiane!"

"Fuck~! It's really another village! This hint means that as long as the boss can enter the Vientiane Temple, there is a way to enter other novice villages."

"Yes! Haha! We seem to have hope again!"

"Everyone, don't be too happy! You have to complete the C-level five-element seal task first!"

"Yeah! That is a map opening task, and the map must be opened before the end of the novice assessment period."

"Fuck! This quest is a bit awesome! But how do we find clues about this quest?"

"This...hey! It's another headache!"

"Yeah! If you can't find any clues about this mission, everything is nothing!"

"We only have four days left. Is it still too late to find clues for the mission?"

"Hey! This... The more you talk about me, the more anxious I am!"

"Woooo! Little sister is about to cry!"