Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng also stored the ring and took out the star master assessment order.

At this moment, he sensed two eyes, looking at him from the corner...

He didn't have to look back to know that it was the two Brahma.

Qin Feng sneered in his heart, pretending not to notice.

At this moment, in that direction, there were whispers from the two Brahma...

"Lord Brahma, that little thief took out the token, and it is estimated that he is about to set off!"

"Leave him alone! After the deity gets double the reward, turn around and kill him!"

"That's right!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them rushed out of the square together.

After a while, the two left the square and disappeared into the vast sea of ​​fog.

Qin Feng looked at the back of the two leaving and sneered in his heart.

That Brahma actually wanted to get double the extra reward, but it was just a dream.

He certainly won't let it happen!

correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to think of a way to deal with Brahma, and a secret smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

It didn't take long for the players to leave, and Qin Feng was the only one left in the field.

He no longer delays, the company sacrifices the Pantian Dao Axe, the Pantian Dao Armor, and opens the Seven Killing Divine Body!

After some state blessing, his combat power soared to 9.64 trillion!

All this is not over!

Om~!

Qin Feng thought again, and his whole body lit up with the light of luck!

280,000 times the power of luck!

The combat power has risen by another 2.8 billion!

Qin Feng's momentum increased to 9.92 trillion!

He is very satisfied with this!

The speed is fast and slow, relying on such own combat power, not attack power.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Among the current players, Brahma has the strongest basic combat power, reaching 9 trillion!

And Qin Feng, with the blessing of some means, reached 9.92 trillion, which has already surpassed Brahma!

At the moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he went directly to the edge of the square...

Then, he stepped into the Taixu evil fog with one foot, and the endless Taixu power was oppressed!

But in the next second, the Taixu Dao light lit up on him, and the Taixu Dao was running automatically!

The power of Taixu from oppression is eliminated!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

He really wasn't affected by the evil spirits!

Then next...

Qin Feng's heart moved, and Vientiane Avenue (Xiantian) started!

His whole person changed for a while, and he actually turned into an extraterritorial demon with black mist all over his body, and his breath was exactly the same as that of the extraterritorial demon!

Vientiane Avenue, can change the world, imitate any kind of thing!

This is also what Qin Feng found out during the main **** assessment. For him, it is of great use!

Om~!

At this moment, the star master assessment order in Qin Feng's hands lit up with a faint white light.

Tiandao's reminder also came...

[Assessment reminder: You have stepped into the mist of Taixu, and the assessment timing is just starting:…]

Boom~!

As soon as the timer started, Qin Feng dodged and fled to the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog!

At that moment, he maximized his speed!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the same time, he continued to teleport while escaping, and his movement speed was even faster!

In this illusory fog, only by mastering the avenue of space, can there be a way to cast an instant!

The Avenue of Space is an avenue that is extremely difficult to awaken!

The Awakened among the contestants is less than 1/10,000.

Qin Feng has long mastered the avenue of space, and naturally he can teleport...

In just a few seconds, he caught up with the players who set off first!

In the distance, he heard the sound of fierce fighting coming from the thick fog!

When he got close, he found that there were tens of thousands of extraterrestrial demons ahead, fighting with the players, deliberately delaying their assessment progress!

Those players are extremely annoyed!

Some are fighting, some are yelling, some are trying their best to get rid of the entanglement...

In fact, the players do not want to entangle with the demons!

Killing those demons won't do much good at all, but it will waste their time!

The shorter the time spent on this Star Master assessment, the more beneficial it is!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when the scene was in a mess, an earth-shattering roar came from behind the crowd...

The players were alarmed, and they turned their heads to look, and saw an extraterrestrial demon with a height of 100 meters, flying from behind them!

What's even more terrifying is that the aura emanating from the Devil's body has suddenly reached the half-step Eternal Great Perfection level!

Oh my god~!

Was there such a powerful demon in this first round of assessment?

The faces of the contestants turned pale!

Not to mention those players, the tens of thousands of demons in the field were also stunned, looking up at the trolls who suddenly appeared, so frightened that they didn't dare to breathe!

Immediately, the audience was eerily quiet!

Whether it was the players or the demons, they all stopped fighting and looked at the terrifying troll with horror on their faces!

But in the next second, something weird happened!

As soon as the troll arrived on the field, he didn't stop at all, let alone attack the players!

He passed directly through the players' team and flew towards the Demon's team.

The demons involuntarily retreated to both sides, making way for the troll!

The troll just passed through the demon group and flew towards the end of the foggy sea!

In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the sight of the demons.

At this time, the demons felt a little strange!

They don't seem to remember that there is such a powerful kind of existence in this too imaginary day?

In fact, the troll is none other than Qin Feng!

Without waiting for many Mordor to think, the fierce battle soon broke out again!

The demons and the players fight again!

For those, their job is to keep players from reaching the end of the fog...

However, it was said that after Qin Feng passed through that battlefield, he encountered many players and demons along the way, all of whom were above the realm of gods and kings.

As soon as those players and the demons sensed his terrifying aura, they retreated to the sides in fright, and they dared to stop him.

Qin Feng also found that the demons in the sky are not low in intelligence!

After dozens of seconds, Qin Feng has escaped billions of miles in the sea of ​​​​fog.

He encountered fewer and fewer players and demons, but they were all at the level of the Great Perfection of the God-king...

"Huh! That's..."

At this moment, Qin Feng saw a familiar figure...

That's Abel!

At this moment, Abel is being entangled by a demon of the great perfection of the gods.

While he was cursing, he shot at the Devil!

Qin Feng hurriedly stepped out...

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and he disappeared out of thin air!

The next second, he appeared strangely behind Abel.

Abel felt a moment, and turned back quickly, and saw a troll suddenly appear...

He was terrified!

Boom~!

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng slammed down his back with a punch!

Bang~!

A blast!

Qin Feng smashed it into **** with one punch, and the blood was flying all over the sky!

Before Abel could even scream, he was instantly killed, and even his soul body was bombed!

The demon on the opposite side was so frightened that his eyes were wide open!

However, it quickly reacted, looked at Qin Feng with awe, and said something...

"Big...adult..."

"roll!"

Without waiting for it to finish, Qin Feng unceremoniously ordered the eviction!

The devil turned around and left...

Seeing that the demon left that day, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He didn't kill the demon because he was afraid of revealing his identity.

After all, within this sea of ​​fog, there is still a half-step Eternal Realm Heavenly Demon hidden!

If the scene of him killing the demon falls into the eyes of the demon in the half-step Eternal Realm, then his disguise will be exposed!

At this moment, the blood mist transformed by Abel turned into starlight and was scattered...

Qin Feng quickly picked up a seal and launched a secret technique...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all of Abel's luck, your luck value +3 times]

good! good!

I got 3 times the luck value!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!