Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, he vaguely heard the sound of Abel's wailing from the square in the safe area!

That guy has been resurrected in the safe zone!

At this moment, Abel is extremely depressed!

It can be said that he is the first player to fall 5.7 since the start of the competition!

He never thought that his luck would be so bad, and not long after he appeared on the stage, he met a demon who was half-stepped to perfection!

Up to now, Abel still thought that he was killed by the demon, and he didn't know that it was Qin Feng.

Qin Feng felt inexplicably comfortable when he heard the wailing.

Each player only has five chances to fall, and the guy has already spent one.

However, Qin Feng has no time to stay, he must speed up to the finish line!

He's going to grab double the extra reward!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly dodged and continued to rush forward...

At the same moment, billions of miles ahead.

Brahma is also escaping at full speed.

At this moment, he frowned and was very depressed!

The power of Taixu in the thick fog kept pressing him, making his strength greatly suppressed.

His current escaping speed is comparable to the 7 trillion level, which is completely inferior to his usual level!

But even so, he is the fastest among all the players!

At present, he is at the forefront of the players, and he will definitely reach the finish line first.

Thinking of this, Brahma felt a little proud in his heart.

correct!

Then when did the thief Qin Feng set out?

He has not sensed the breath of the little thief, could it be that he was thrown at the back of the team?

Brahma couldn't help but look back...

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a shocking movement sounded behind him.

A troll with a height of 100 meters, heading in his direction, came straight.

Looking at the aura emanating from the troll, he suddenly reached the half-step Great Perfection level!

Brahma's face suddenly changed slightly, and his heart was extremely shocked!

When will there be a half-step Great Perfection demon in the first round of assessment?

Just when Brahma was shocked, the troll also looked at him.

One person and one demon, all eyes meet at once!

Brahma couldn't help holding his breath!

He didn't know that the troll in front of him was transformed by Qin Feng.

Chapter 967 Star-Lord Rewards! Huge harvest!

Unconsciously, Qin Feng and Brahma both stopped and confronted each other!

At this moment, Brahma is very nervous!

Coming all the way, he is all imposing!

When the players and the demons saw that he was a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse, they all retreated in shock.

So, he is unimpeded all the way!

But he never thought that at this time, he actually encountered a troll of the same level!

At the same time, he also clearly sensed that as soon as the power of Taixu in the evil fog touched the troll in front of him, it was completely wiped out!

It can be seen that Tiandao is right, the power of Taixu has no effect on the demons, but only restrains the players!

Thinking of this, Brahma is even more convinced that there is an extraterritorial demon in front of him, and there is no doubt that it is Qin Feng's illusion.

At the same time, he was extremely depressed!

Under the suppression of the power of Taixu, his combat power can only exert 70%.

But it has no effect on the troll in front of you!

In this fight, he will definitely suffer!

Having said that, if he could not fight, he didn't want to fight at all!

This battle, I am afraid that it will not end for a while!

Even if he wins, he will miss the opportunity to double the reward!

Besides, he may not win!

The more Brahma thought about it, the more depressed he became, but he was helpless!

The initiative of the current situation is not in his hands!

If the troll on the opposite side wants to fight, he can't do it without fighting!

really!

As soon as Brahma's thoughts came together, the troll on the opposite side moved and approached him directly.

Brahma became more and more nervous, and couldn't help clenching the hilt of his sword!

At the same time, Qin Feng saw all the details of Brahma in his eyes.

However, there was no expression on his face, and he still approached Brahma slowly and slowly!

thirty thousand twenty thousand ten thousand ten thousand ten thousand

The distance between the two sides is getting closer!

The atmosphere in the arena is getting tighter and tighter, and it has reached the level of tension!

Qin Feng still didn't mean to stop, and continued to approach it!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides were only a hundred feet apart, and the atmosphere was extremely tense!

Brahma held his breath, his eyes fixed on the 20 trolls in front of him, fine beads of sweat were oozing from his forehead, and the hand holding the hilt of the sword was even more bruised!

He can't wait any longer!

As long as the troll in front is one step closer, he will take the first shot, and the first one is stronger!

Swish~!

Only when this thought came to mind, the troll in front stepped forward!

The distance between the two sides suddenly narrowed by more than thirty feet!

Brahma's face changed slightly, he was about to start

But at this moment, the troll took the second step and passed him directly.

Brahma was stunned and turned to look.

The troll also just looked back, and the two sides looked at each other again!

After the troll gave him a strange look, he dodged and went straight to the end of the sea of ​​​​fog.

In the blink of an eye, it disappeared into the vast sea of ​​fog

Brahma stared blankly at the back of Qin Feng's departure, unable to react for a while.

After a long time, he gradually calmed down.

"This troll is so weird! He passed me by and didn't stop me?"

Brahma muttered in his heart.

He thought for a while, but still couldn't think of a reason, so he shook his head with a wry smile.

Afterwards, there was another burst of joy in his heart!

Fortunately, the troll didn't stop it!

Otherwise, fighting in this unfavorable environment, he will definitely suffer a big loss, and even miss the opportunity for rewards!

If you think about it, you are lucky!

It seems that God is helping me!

Brahma is secretly proud in his heart!

Then, his figure flashed, and he continued to rush towards the end.

At the same time, hundreds of millions of miles away.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Qin Feng is escaping towards the finish line at full speed

At this moment, he vaguely sensed that Brahma moved on again.

He sneered, ignored it, and continued to speed up the flight!

Before, when he approached Brahma, he also wanted to take action against him.

But if you can't bear it, you will make a big mess!

That Brahma is a strong man!

He was not sure to kill Brahma in a very short period of time.

If it takes too much time, it will make him miss out on double the extra reward, which is not worth it!

In this case, he might as well get the reward first, and then turn around to deal with Brahma!

Besides, his biggest crisis now is not from himself, but from the Blue Star Realm!

Da Jitian is about to attack the Blue Star Realm, so he must quickly improve his strength so that the four avatars become stronger!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stepped out one step at a time and accelerated towards the finish line.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sea of ​​​​fog rolled, and the figure flashed!

His speeding up, the distance between him and Brahma suddenly widened!

His speed was originally faster than Brahma, and since the power of Taixu did not contain him, the speed was even faster.

In just a moment, Qin and Brahma were tens of billions of miles away, and the two sides could no longer sense each other.

In this way, Qin Feng fled all the way quickly, and his momentum was all released!

Along the way, he really met two half-step eternal demons.

When the two heavenly demons saw his aura, they were half-stepped to perfection.

In this way, Qin Feng has been unimpeded all the way!

In this way, after escaping at full speed for eleven minutes, he finally reached the finish line.

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the finish line with excitement

I saw the end of the place, is a huge square.

In the center of the square, there is a white door of light hundreds of feet high!

That is the entrance to the 'First Heaven'.

As long as he enters the Absolute Beginning, he will complete the first round of assessments and receive generous rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed and he arrived at the entrance!

The next second, he stepped out and entered the door of light!