Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sea of ​​fog in front of me suddenly churns!

Then a hundred-zhang troll flew out of the fog and was heading towards him!

"It's it again!"

Brahma was shocked!

He recognized at a glance that this troll was the previous half-step Great Perfection Demon.

"Why did you encounter it again!"

Brahma's expression suddenly became tense.

He didn't want to fight the trolls right now.

Besides, he had less than 30 seconds left.

"The last time we met, this troll didn't entangle with me. I wonder if this time, will it also pass by?"

Brahma murmured in his heart, and the speed could not help slowing down by a minute.

According to his idea, it is best to pass by this time, and the two sides should not be entangled with each other.

That way, his double reward will be available!

If there is entanglement, he will be empty.

With this in mind, Brahma began to pray in his heart, hoping to be safe and sound!

Soon, the two sides approached, and the distance was only 100,000 meters!

At this time, each other can see each other's expressions!

Both sides were apprehensive, and the pace slowed down

At this moment, Brahma is very anxious, secretly calculating the time

He has 20 seconds left!

Just give him 10 seconds and he'll get to the finish line and get double the reward.

But now, he has to pass the troll level first!

Thinking of this, Brahma stared closely at the troll's every move, and the hand holding the hilt of the sword was sweating.

Suddenly, his heart moved, as if thinking of something.

The next second, he smiled, his eyes full of goodwill.

This strange scene made Qin Feng stunned.

After a while, Qin Feng realized that this guy is showing his favor!

Isn't this a bit too abrupt? !

I'm afraid this guy doesn't know yet, he is Qin Feng!

If so, then

Qin Feng's heart moved, and a playful color flashed across his eyes.

The next second, he also made a disguise.

The icy look on his face softened a bit.

Seeing this, Brahma is overjoyed!

It seems that his gestures are effective, and the trolls have begun to express goodwill.

Maybe, this time it will be okay too!

In a blink of an eye, the distance between the two sides was only more than seven thousand feet!

The troll's mood has been stable!

Brahma also gradually felt at ease.

As long as you pass this seven thousand feet, it is estimated that you will be fine.

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly.

The troll, who was originally calm, just fell on the hilt of the sword in his hand.

The next second, the troll looked tense and looked at him coldly, with a hint of hostility.

Brahma's heart suddenly burst, the secret thought is not good!

The troll must have misunderstood, thinking that he was holding the hilt of the sword and was secretly thinking about it.

He must not make a fool of himself in the last seven thousand feet.

Thinking of this, Brahma put the long sword in his hand into the storage ring, and spread his hand to the troll, expressing no hostility.

Seeing this, Qin Feng quickly pretended to breathe a sigh of relief, and the originally tense expression relaxed.

Seeing this scene, Brahma also breathed a sigh of relief!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Everything is as he expected!

The troll just misunderstood!

In this way, the two sides continue to approach

Five thousand feet three thousand feet one thousand feet

In the blink of an eye, the two sides were only more than a hundred feet apart!

Brahma still smiled and showed his favor, but his heart was extremely nervous.

He's been on guard!

As long as the situation is not right, he will fight back immediately!

At this moment, the troll in front took a step forward.

Brahma quickly held his breath and focused on the troll's every move!

Swish~!

The troll fell in one step, passed him directly, and was a hundred feet behind him in a blink of an eye.

The troll did not shoot!

Brahma was surprised and could not help but turn his head to look.

The troll is also looking back.

The two sides face each other again!

Then, the troll gave him a slight nod as a friendly gesture.

The next second, the troll dodged, and in the blink of an eye, he was thousands of feet away, and walked away without looking back.

Brahma breathed a sigh of relief as he watched the back of the troll leave.

This is a true troll!

With the troll gone, he has no worries.

There are 12 seconds left, enough for him to get double the reward.

Thinking of this, Brahma's heart was completely relaxed, and he was still a little proud.

The two encounters with trolls were all right!

It seems that God is helping me!

At the moment, Brahma ignored the troll and turned to look at the end.

Time is running out, he must reach the finish line as soon as possible!

With this in mind, he raised his foot and was ready to set off.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light!

A ghost suddenly appeared behind him!

not good!

Brahma is terrified!

He turned around quickly, and saw that the person who came was the troll who just left!

The devil suddenly teleported here!

Before Brahma could react, the troll suddenly shot!

Boom~!

I saw the troll holding a giant axe in both hands and slashing with all his might!

"Damn it!"

Brahma roared in shock!

This sudden change caught him off guard!

What's even more hateful is that he had put away his long sword in order to show his favor to the troll.

Right now, it's too late for him to bring out his long sword!

Without the help of the long sword, his attack was greatly reduced.

Not only that, there is the power of Taixu around him, suppressing his combat power!

But the troll's attack has already hit, he can't dodge, he can only resist!

Boom~!

Brahma roared and threw a punch, facing the giant axe!

The attacking momentum of that punch suddenly reached 24 trillion stars, which was amazing!

This is an attack that has been weakened layer by layer!

It can be seen that Brahma is extremely powerful!

At this moment, his eyes are full of boundless anger!

He felt like he was being played by a troll!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also slashed down with an axe!

Wherever the giant axe passed, the sea of ​​fog swirled, and the world trembled!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At that moment, Qin Feng activated the amplitude skills of the two instruments!

A heart attack! Launch at the same time!

Attack increase by 25%!

hum~~!

The axe blade suddenly lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The attack momentum of its axe instantly soared 36.4 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying~!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The axe blade shines coldly! Crossed the void!

Where its blade light passed, the space boundary wall of Taixutian was shattered by inch by inch, and its momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

Brahma finally sensed the terrifying attack of the axe, and his face turned pale, his eyes showed boundless terror!

But it was too late, he didn't even have a chance to escape!

"No~~!"