Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With a roar, the two sides attacked and collided!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split Brahma in half with one axe!

The shrill screams echoed in the sea of ​​​​fog!

The attack gap between the two sides is too great!

Brahma didn't even hold a single blow!

Of course, if Brahma wasn't caught in Qin Feng's plan, he took the weapon back.

Naturally he can hold that axe!

But now it's too late!

At this time, the corpse of Brahma, which was split in half, began to try to fuse, and it was about to be resurrected!

How could Qin Feng make his wish come true!

He rushed forward with a single stride, the giant axe in his hand dancing wildly!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng chopped out dozens of axes and chopped Brahma's corpse into nearly a hundred pieces!

In the field, blood mist splashed all over the sky!

The shrill screams echoed in the blood mist!

It was also mixed with Brahma's roars and curses!

"¨'You despicable bitch! How dare you sneak up on the deity... ah~!"

In the face of Brahma's curse, Qin Feng naturally ignored it, and was still slashing wildly!

He hacked and slashed for a full minute before finally smashing Brahma's soul body!

At the moment when Brahma's soul body burst, its true spirit was forcibly sent away by the way of heaven.

Brahma's last curse still echoed in the field!

"Bitch! The deity will not let you go! The deity will definitely come back! Ah~~!"

When the screams dissipated, Qin Feng also breathed a long sigh of relief!

Finally killed it!

He breathed a sigh of relief!

At this moment, the blood mist in the field began to turn into starlight and gradually dissipated.

Qin Feng hurriedly picked up a seal in his hand and activated his luck to devour

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Brahma, your luck value +16,000 times]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Ha ha!

16,000 times the value of luck!

Equivalent to an increase of 16 billion star combat power!

He made a lot of money this time!

As a result, his luck value skyrocketed to 310,000 times!

"Ah~~! I'm angry too!"

At this moment, at the starting point of Taixutian, a shocking roar came from the sky!

That roar was full of monstrous anger, making the entire Taixu Heaven tremble!

At this moment, countless players and demons were alarmed and looked at the starting point in horror.

Qin Feng naturally heard it too!

He smiled slightly and looked up at the starting point.

He knew that it was Brahma's resurrection!

At this moment, that guy must be furious!

However, Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention.

Brahma was killed by him, and he was destined to miss the extra reward.

Next, it was time for him to complete the assessment of the fourth-class Star Lord.

With this in mind, Qin Feng rushed to the early days

At the same time, the security square at the entrance of Taixutian.

Brahma stood in the center of the square in a daze, with great grief and anger in his heart!

In the last ten seconds, he will be able to get double the reward!

But I didn't want to, I was actually calculated by a troll!

If it wasn't for that troll sneak attack, he wouldn't necessarily have fallen on the spot.

It can be said that one is careless, and the whole game is lost!

He is really not reconciled!

hey~!

At this point, he can't get double the reward, but he still hopes to fight for additional rewards!

After all, there are still about 14 minutes left in the 30-minute time limit!

If he does his best, there is still a silver lining to get extra rewards!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Brahma dodged and rushed out of the square directly into the sea of ​​fog!

But in the next second, within the sea of ​​fog, Brahma's shocking roar was heard again!

He was horrified to find that all his luck had been lost.

As a result, his strength has virtually dropped a bit, and his speed has also slowed down!

Then his wish to win the extra reward was completely shattered!

Now, he can only get the worst fifth-class Star Lord reward.

Brahma is extremely unwilling!

His roar echoed throughout the examination area!

The players were horrified!

At the same time, Qin Feng has rushed back to the end of Taixutian.

Hearing Brahma's roar again, his heart was very happy!

It seems that the guy is desperate!

The next second, with a slight smile, he crossed the door of light in front of him and entered Tianyu in the early days.

Chapter 969 Double it again! Strength soars!

After returning to the square of Taichutian, Qin Feng looked at the mist of Taichu in front of him! .

It's time for him to start the second round of assessment!

Time is very precious to him!

Up to now, Qin Feng has already speculated that he can activate the 'Special Star-Lord' assessment only after he has won the first-class Star-Lord.

And he can only hope to increase his combat power to more than 6 trillion stars before the Blue Star Realm is invaded!

He didn't want to think so much anymore, he had to finish the assessment quickly!

With this in mind, Qin Feng strode towards the border of the square.

At the same time, he also spied the white fog ahead.

[The Shawu of Absolute Beginning: The Shawu that contains the power of Absolute Beginning, one of the special Shawu at the boundary of the universe! 】

[Reminder: Taichu Shawu has a certain suppressing effect on the strength of the players, but it has no effect on the players who master the 'Taichu Dao'! 】

[Reminder: There are a large number of extraterrestrial demons hidden in this evil fog, with strength ranging from quasi-god king to half-step peak, and they are not suppressed by the evil fog of the beginning! 】

Qin Feng smiled slightly and continued to walk towards the sea of ​​fog

He has mastered the 'Great Beginning Dao' and is naturally not suppressed by the evil fog!

At present, he only has one goal, that is to win double the extra reward of the second round of assessment!

According to Tiandao's previous tips, there are 13 trillion miles to the end of the second round, which is 3 trillion miles more than the first round, which is equivalent to a 30% increase in the difficulty of the assessment!

However, Qin Feng's strength has also improved!

"Get to the finish line in 15 minutes! I should be able to do it!"

After Qin Feng took a deep breath, he stepped out and rushed directly into the mist.

Om~!

At this moment, the assessment order in his hand lit up with white light.

Heavenly Dao also came to improve

[Assessment reminder: You have stepped into the mist of Absolute Beginning, and the assessment timing is just starting: …01…]

Boom~!

As soon as he heard the prompt, Qin Feng fled to the depths of the foggy sea!

At that moment, he maximized his speed!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the same time, he is also constantly teleporting, and the speed is getting faster and faster.

His whole body is also full of momentum, causing the sea of ​​fog to churn, earth-shattering!

In this way, Qin Feng officially started the second round of assessment.

In just a few seconds, he escaped hundreds of millions of miles and encountered a group of demons!

From a distance, there are more than 500 celestial demons, and all of them are more than quasi-god kings.

But when those demons saw Qin Feng, they felt the momentum of half-step great perfection.

In this way, Qin Feng passed through the demon group unhindered...

It wasn't until Qin Feng was far away that the demons looked at each other and whispered...

"Everyone, who was that lord just now? Why did you look so good?"

"Yeah! I've never seen it before! But the aura emanating from him has reached a half-step Great Perfection, stronger than Lord Ye Luo!"

"Yes! Strange! Isn't 517 the strongest guardian of our test area, Lord Ye Luo, who is at the peak of the half-step? Now, why has a stronger Lord appeared?"

"I don't know! Maybe, this is a special arrangement of Heaven!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Having said that, the demons looked at Qin Feng's leaving back, curious!

It turned out that Qin Feng once again turned into the appearance of a demon, making those demons mistakenly think that they are the same kind...

At the same time, hundreds of millions of miles away.

Qin Feng glanced back at the demons with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

With his strength, he naturally let him hear the whispers of those demons.