Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

This also gave him some novel ideas!

However, he did not stay, but continued to rush towards the end...

He just wants to get that double reward now!

That's really important to his strength improvement...

In this way, Qin Feng raced against time to conduct assessments in the early days...

At the same time, the players were still in the Taixu Days, conducting the first round of assessments...

They were obviously one round slower than Qin Feng!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, thirteen minutes passed...

Qin Feng finally reached the end!

At this moment, he looked ahead excitedly...

I saw that the end point was still a square.

In the center of the square, there is the gate of light leading to the 'Tai Shitian'...

Qin Feng's figure flashed, he arrived at the entrance light gate, and went straight through...

In the next second, his eyes lit up, and he arrived at the starting point square of 'Tai Shi Tian'...

Whoo~!

It's finally here!

Qin Feng looked around happily....

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the Heavenly Dao came to improve...

[Congratulations to contestant 'Qin Feng' for entering 'Tai Shi Tian'! You passed the second round of the Star Master assessment and received the 'Fourth-Class Star Lord' reward! 】

[Your 'planet reward' is automatically promoted to the fourth level, and you need to return to the planet before issuing it! 】

[The personal rewards of the 'Fourth Star-Lord' will now be distributed, the contents are as follows]

[Reward players + 200 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 20,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward the player + 2 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 3 merit points! 】

[Reward players randomly awaken 2 acquired avenues! 】

Qin Feng was surprised!

Another gain!

Having said that, if you want to obtain a fourth-class star-lord, you must at least be in the realm of God King!

There is no chance at all in the Lord God Realm.

Even if he obtained the quasi-god king of Star Lord, he would be the best in the same realm.

The one who can become a star master is not the best in the same class?

It can even be said that he is one of the elites of the same rank!

Om~!

Soon, the reward beam fell and enveloped Qin Feng...

In the next second, his combat power, prestige, luck, and merit all increased, and two avenues of aura lighted up on his body...

After a while, the reward is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he could be happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[It was detected that the player 'Qin Feng' arrived at Taishitian in 13 minutes, and received double extra rewards for this round]

【Additional rewards are as follows….】

[Reward players with 1.5 billion star power! 】

[Reward players + 30,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 10,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 10,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players randomly awaken 15 acquired avenues! 】

[After the reward is doubled, the content is changed as follows...]Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Reward players with 300 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 60,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 20,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 20,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players to randomly awaken 30 acquired avenues! 】

As soon as this prompt came out, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

This double extra reward is as generous as ever!

This time, he made a lot of money again!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the golden reward beam fell, covering Qin Feng's whole body...

All of a sudden, his battle power, prestige, luck, and merit value soared wildly! .

It also lit up dozens of avenues of spiritual light...

Qin Feng also closed his eyes with joy, and received the reward with a happy face...

At the same moment, at the beginning of the very beginning, something is also happening.

Right now, in the square at that starting point.

A black-haired man is accepting the reward with joy...

Looking at the aura emanating from the black-haired man, he suddenly reached a half-step eternal peak.

This man's name is Caro!

He is the strongest existence among the players on the bright side!

Up to now, everyone still doesn't know the existence of Qin Feng and Brahma, thinking that this Jia Luo is the strongest player!

At this moment, Jia Luo is receiving the first round of extra rewards, and he is in a very comfortable mood!

It took him 29 minutes and 43 seconds to reach the finish line, and he was extremely lucky to get the extra reward of the first round!

What surprised him was that this first round of extra rewards actually awarded 100 million combat power, which is really powerful!

Just like that, Caro happily accepted the reward!

Beside him, there was an old man with white hair and beard, who was watching with envy.

The aura of the white-haired old man is not ordinary, and his aura is infinitely close to the half-step eternal peak!

He is one of the four half-step eternal powers among the contestants, named Bai Zu.

He has a good relationship with Gallo!

But this time, it took him 31 minutes to get to the finish line, so he missed the extra reward and only got a fifth-class Star-Lord reward.

After a while, Caro's reward is over!

At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Bai Zu hurried forward to congratulate!

"Fellow Daoist Jia Luo! Congratulations on your extra reward this time!"

"Fuck! Fluke!"

Jia Luo pretended to be humble and smiled, but he was extremely proud in his heart.

Bai Zu also sighed: "You don't need to be humble! The difficulty of this assessment has been underestimated by everyone. All the players thought that as long as we were fast, that was enough!"

"Actually not at all! The most difficult part of this level is the obstruction of those demons! If there were no obstructions from the demons, I would have been able to get extra rewards for half a step of eternity. But in fact, only one fellow Taoist got it!"

Speaking of which, Bai Zu was sighing endlessly!

Jia Luo also nodded slightly: "Indeed! We all underestimated the difficulty of this assessment! I thought I would be able to reach the finish line in just 20 minutes!"

"Unexpectedly, along the way, I encountered several half-step eternal demons obstructing me and wasting a lot of time. I was lucky to arrive at the last minute!"

Bai Zu smiled bitterly: "If there is no obstruction from the demons, the old man will have the opportunity to get additional rewards! It's a pity! The old man did not get it!"

Speaking of which, he was heartbroken!

They don't have Qin Feng's magic of changing everything, and they don't have the absolute momentum to crush the demons, so they will naturally be obstructed along the way.

At this time, Bai Zu said again: "Daoist friend, your strength is the strongest among all the contestants. It is estimated that you alone can get extra rewards. There is no other person in this test area who can do it!"

Jia Luo hurriedly smiled: "Fellow Daoist has won the prize! Perhaps among the contestants Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, there is also a second person who can do it!"

Bai Zu didn't care: "There is absolutely no chance of a second person! You should be the only one who can do it! Having said that, the double extra reward given by Tiandao, it is even more impossible for anyone to get it!"

Jia Luo couldn't help nodding: "Double the reward? It will take you 15 minutes to arrive! Even the best in the half-step Great Perfection may not be able to do it! This year's contestants should not have this possibility!"

Bai Zu smiled and said, "It's really not possible!"

Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, a white light flashed in the center of the square.

A shadowy figure has stepped into the beginning of time!

"Hey! Finally a third player came in!"

The two of them turned to look at each other.

At this moment, they thought that they were the first to arrive at Taichutian.

They didn't know that Qin Feng had already arrived twenty minutes ago.

Soon, the two of Jia Luo saw clearly that it was Brahma!

At this moment, Brahma looked gloomy!

It took him 32 minutes to reach the finish line!

No more bonuses!

Soon, Tiandao dropped the 'fifth-class star-lord' reward.

Looking at the meager reward, Brahma looked gloomy and was in a bad mood...

The two of Jia Luo looked at him sympathetically!

In their opinion, the third one to reach the finish line must be a powerhouse of the same rank!

Such a strong person must make good friends!

"This fellow Daoist! Congratulations on your successful entry into the Absolute Beginning! You are the third person to enter this place!"

Caro stepped forward with a smile on his face!

Bai Zu also stepped forward with a smile.

"The third deity?!"

Brahma had a gloomy face and glanced at the two impatiently.

Seeing this, he was even more disdainful!