Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

I saw Jia Luo's momentum, and it was about 3.2 trillion.

Bai Zu is even more unbearable, only 2.9 trillion, less than 3 trillion!

With such strength, he didn't take it seriously at all!

He is a half-step Great Perfection with a combat power of 9 trillion!

If it weren't for the sneak attack from that nasty bitch, he would definitely be the first to arrive, not the third!

Up to now, he still doesn't know that the person who killed him was not a demon, but Qin Feng!

"Oh~!"

Thinking of this, Brahma snorted arrogantly, ignoring the conversation between the two of Jia Luo, and walked directly outside the square...

The two of Jia Luo stood there awkwardly, watching Brahma's back.

It took a while for the two of them to react.

Caro frowned suddenly!

Bai Zu was even more annoyed: "This guy is too crazy! As a powerhouse of the same rank, he is so..."

Boom~!

Without waiting for him to speak, the Brahma weather erupted!

The 9 trillion combat power aura instantly spread to the audience!

Bai Zu and the others were immediately stunned, their mouths wide open!

Swish~!

In the next second, Brahma dodged and rushed into the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog and disappeared.

It wasn't until Brahma walked away that the two ancestors could react, and they couldn't help but look at each other on the ground!

The atmosphere in the field has become a little quiet!

After a long time, Jia Luo sighed: "Hey! I claim to be the strongest among the players! Unexpectedly, there is a half-step Dzogchen hidden among the contestants, and I'm still the leader in Dzogchen! "

Speaking of this, he smiled bitterly, and there was no previous pride in his eyes!

Bai Zu was also a little scared and said: "Yeah! I almost offended a terrifying existence! Having said that, this person is so strong, why did he arrive the third one?"

"This"

This reminder, Jia Luo is also stunned.

After Brahma entered this place, he only got the reward beam of fifth-class Star Lord, and they all saw it.

Apparently, the guy came in third.

"Yeah! This is definitely a bit weird! Logically, he should be the first to arrive! Maybe there is another reason! Anyway, in this second round, he will definitely be the first to complete the assessment!"

Caro is a little embarrassed!

Bai Zu also nodded slightly.

Immediately, Jia Luo was a little lonely and said: "That's it! It's time for me to start the second round of assessment!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two stopped talking and started walking towards the sea of ​​​​fog.

At the same moment, on the starting point square of Taishitian

Qin Feng has absorbed the rewards!

At this moment, he opened his eyes with joy

hum~~!

At this time, the jade plate of good fortune was activated again.

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 819, which meets the advanced requirements and automatically opens the advanced level]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 13 to rank 14! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 14th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 14%!]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 14th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 14%! 】

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 14th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 600 million stars! 】

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Another 600 million combat power is going to be added!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, his aura surged wildly again!

I don't know how long it has passed before the increase slowly ended!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After this series of rewards, his strength must have been greatly improved!

With this in mind, he opened the panel

[Air Luck]: 332,000 times

【Reputation】: 3.42 million points

[Basic combat power]: 5.27 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 27

[Total number of avenues]: 819

After reading this, Qin Feng is overjoyed!

His combat power has soared to 5.27 trillion stars!

This improvement is much stronger than the first round!

Then it will be easier for him to kill Brahma! .

Chapter 970 Taisu Avenue! The pit counts as Abel!

"Should Brahma begin to break through the second level?"

Qin Feng calculated the time silently in his heart, turned around quickly, and got back to Tai Shitian's entrance light gate.

In the next second, he returned to the end square of Taichutian, and looked into the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog...

"It is estimated that in ten minutes, Brahma will arrive! Do I want to~ continue to wait?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and his expression was a little hesitant.

On the one hand, he wants to kill Brahma and stop him - for an extra bonus!

On the other hand, he wants to hurry up and speed up his strength.

After hesitating for a while, Qin Feng sighed!

That's it!

It took him ten minutes to kill Brahma again to prevent him from gaining more benefits.

According to his calculations, Brahma had lost all his luck and his strength had declined.

Coupled with the increased difficulty of the second level, it will take at least 20 minutes to reach the finish line.

As long as he kills it once, that guy will never be able to get additional rewards.

Anyway, ten minutes is not a lot, and he still spends a lot of time

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly sat down with his knees crossed and waited in the terminal square...

At the same time, in the depths of the sea of ​​fog.

Brahma is rushing to the finish line with a gloomy face...

He didn't get the extra reward for the first level, which made him very unhappy!

Even his ranking in the first round fell to Jia Luo and Bai Zu.

It's all because of that sneak attacking bitch!

Thinking of this, Brahma's hand holding the hilt of the sword has already burst into blue veins!

If he encounters that cheap devil again, he will rely on the Brahma Heart Sword in his hand to compete with him!

You must know that his 'Brahma Heart Sword' is a tool of the Dao!

Having said that, this second level is much more difficult!

This time, it will take him at least 20 minutes to reach the finish line, and he can only get extra rewards, but he can't get double!

Brahma feels a little pity!

If he gets double the reward in the first level and his strength increases, maybe the second level can be doubled!

Why! If you are not careful, you will lose the whole game!

At the moment, Brahma didn't want to think about it anymore and continued on his way...

Time just passed by minute by minute!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed!

It took 15 minutes before and after Brahma, and traveled 10 trillion miles...

Along the way, he also encountered many demons!

But as soon as those demons sensed his terrifying aura, they all retreated, not daring to step forward to stop them...

This Brahma is very proud!

With the last 3 trillion miles left, it will take him another 5 minutes to reach the end...

It seems that the extra reward of this level can be obtained by myself!

The corners of Brahma's mouth twitched slightly, and his eyes were full of anticipation!

In the next second, he accelerated to the finish line...

At the same moment, at the end of that second level.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and looked up into the distance...

Counting the time, Brahma is coming soon, and he should make a move!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slowly got up...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an earth-shattering roar came from within his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined the 'six pure bamboos', and you have become the master of the 'six pure bamboos'! 】

[Six pure bamboos: the instrument of the Dao, the only one in the universe! 】

[It contains: Taisu, consciousness, touch, smell, sight, hearing, tenacity, and elastic nine kinds of avenues! 】

[Reminder: Its combat power feeds back 100 million stars, and its attack increases by 90%! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and surprised!

The six pure bamboos have finally been refined!

He got another avenue weapon!

Having said that, since winning the six pure bamboos.

He has made up for the avenues he had previously deprived of with secret techniques.

The six pure bamboos today are in their complete state...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he could be happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: You gained the Taisu Dao insight from the ‘Six Pure Bamboos’ and began to awaken the Innate Dao—the Taisu Dao…]