Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: You gained the insight of the Dao of Touch from the 'Six Pure Bamboos', and began to awaken the Dao of Acquired-the Dao of Touch...]

 …

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up several avenues of light!

Of the nine avenues of the six pure bamboos, there are five that he has not awakened yet...

At this time, Qin Feng's eyebrows also lit up with a dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe emerged and began to automatically condense the twenty-eighth petals...

It didn't take long for the petals to condense!

The seal of the universe! Bright light!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

In just a while, he awakened 5 new avenues from the 'six pure bamboos', one of which was the innate avenue - Taisu avenue!

That is one of the five congenital gods!

According to Tiandao's tips, mastering the five congenital gods will be of great benefit for him to obtain the recognition of the 'God Whip'!

Now, he has mastered four of the five congenital gods, namely: Taixu, Taichu, Taishi, and Taisu!

"Another good improvement!"

At this moment, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

After the awakening of the great avenues just now, he has mastered 824 great avenues, of which 28 are innate avenues!

His basic combat power has also increased to 5.28 trillion stars!

Having said that, the refining of the six pure bamboos is really timely!

huh~!

Qin Feng waved his hand, and the blue light flashed in his palm!

Six pure bamboos appeared!

He watched happily for a while, then opened the panel and put it into the trading channel...

The six pure bamboos are offensive weapons!

Two instruments of the same type cannot be used at the same time.

Qin Feng gave it to the four avatars, just to increase the attack power of the avatars.

In this way, the four avatars have two powerful attacking weapons, the 'Sword Executioner' and the 'Six Pure Bamboos', and the overall strength has been improved!

After finishing the trivial matters of the six clean bamboos, Qin Feng's mind moved, and the two great utensils on his body all lit up with dazzling aura! !

Om~! Om~!

Pan Tian Dao Axe! Pan Tiandaojia! Human-machine in one!

Seven Killing Divine Body! Activate again!

The power of luck! All support!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power and momentum rose to the strongest state, suddenly reaching 11.3 trillion stars, a lot stronger than before!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

With such strength, killing that Brahma should be easier!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, he dodged and turned into a rainbow light, rushing into the sea of ​​fog in front of him...

At that moment, the speed he showed was terrifyingly fast, even faster than when he passed the second level!

This is the beauty of the increased strength!

Meanwhile, deep in the thick fog!

Brahma is coming towards the end...

At this time, he was looking ahead, and a hint of joy gradually appeared in his eyes...

In another 3 minutes, he should be able to reach the finish line!

The extra rewards of this second level should be available!

Suddenly, a sea of ​​fog surged ahead!

Brahma was startled, hurriedly gripped the hilt of the sword and looked forward!

He was already scared by the previous troll!

Soon, the sea of ​​fog in front of him dissipated, and from it walked out two demons with a height of 100 meters, all covered in black fog!

They are not Qin Feng!

It is the real demon in this examination room!

And the momentum exuded from them, one has reached the peak of half-step eternity, and the other has reached half-step eternity!

This is the strongest among the demons!

Seeing that it was not the troll from before, Brahma breathed a sigh of relief.

After seeing the momentum of the two demons clearly, his eyes showed disdain again!

One is a demon with 400 million combat power, and the other is 200 million combat power.

He didn't even notice it!

At the same moment, the two celestial demons were stunned when they saw Brahma.

When they sensed that Brahma's aura reached 9 trillion, all of them were terrified!

The next second, they glanced at each other, then quietly retreated to one side, daring not to get in the way!

Seeing the two demons take the initiative to show weakness, Brahma was extremely proud!

The corners of his mouth twitched slightly, his figure flashed, and he swaggered past the two demons!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But just as he passed by, there was a violent roar in front of him, the void of hundreds of millions of miles was shaking, and the sea of ​​fog was surging!

In the field, one person and two demons were shocked, and they all looked up...

Phew~~!

In just a few seconds, the sea of ​​fog rolled over in front, and another sky-reaching troll flew out from the sea of ​​fog!

Its whole body is shrouded in black mist, and the suffocating energy is sky-high!

Judging from the other auras exuding, it suddenly reached the half-step Great Perfection level!

This troll was transformed by Qin Feng!

He finally arrived!

Seeing this, the two demons were dumbfounded and couldn't help but look at each other on the ground!

One of the demons even muttered, "Lord Yeluo, aren't you the strongest guardian of this level? Why is there another stronger guardian?"

"This…."

The headed demon has a sharp blue horn.

At this moment, it is also a bit dazed!

Under the arrangement of Heavenly Dao, it is the strongest guardian of this level, how come there is another stronger guardian?

But before it didn't want to think, Brahma's roar came from the front!

"Bitch! Die!"

Clang~!

A sword cry!

Brahma instantly pulled out the 'Brahma Heart Sword' in his hand and slaughtered the troll!

He recognized at a glance that the troll in front of him was the one who pitted him in the previous level!

Suddenly, the enemy met, and he was very jealous!

In just an instant, Brahma's reason was swallowed by anger!

He is going to kill the troll in front of him and avenge the previous level!

Om~!

In just an instant, Brahma activated the long sword in his hand!

The device of the road! Bright light!

Shocking fighting spirit! Covering a radius of hundreds of millions of miles!

Swah~~!

Immediately afterwards, the sword slashed down!

sigh~ la~!

Dazzling blade light!

Open the sky!

Even under the suppression of the power of the beginning, the power of that sword has reached 31 trillion stars, and the power is terrifying!

"not good!"

Ye Luo and the other two demons couldn't help exclaiming, their eyes were full of horror!

Only at this moment did they realize that they underestimated Brahma!

At the same time, they are also worried about the new trolls.

Unconsciously, they recognized Qin Feng's identity, thinking that Qin Feng was also a demon!

Nothing more than Brahma, as soon as he saw Qin Feng, he began to shout and kill, and he even shouted the word 'cheap devil'!

If you look closely, you can find that the power of the beginning of heaven and earth has no effect on Qin Feng.

All signs show that the trolls in front of them are their own kind!

In this way, they are naturally worried about the same kind!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the sword was slashed to the front, and it was about to hit Qin Feng!

Ye Luo Second Demon was very anxious to see it!

Boom~!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

Holding a giant axe in both hands, he also slashed away with all his might!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Wherever the giant axe passed, the world trembled!

At the same moment, the Taoist skills were activated one after another!

A knowing blow, launched at the same time!

hum~~!

The cold axe blade shines with dazzling golden light!

The attack momentum of its axe instantly soared to 39.6 trillion stars, which was stronger than before!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

When~~!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

A sound of gold and iron!