Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this, Qin Feng was secretly shocked, thinking that there would be a war!

The three demons were puzzled.

In their eyes, Qin Feng is also a demon, but instead of guarding his post, he broke into their protection area.

One of the demons was about to step forward to ask, and at this moment, they sensed that Qin Feng's momentum had reached a half-step perfection!

The three celestial demons were greatly shocked, and after a slight hesitation, they all backed away.

Qin Feng also reached the square at the end without any hindrance!

Afterwards, he passed through the gate of light at the end and entered Taisutian under the surprised eyes of the three great demons!

As soon as he stepped into Taisutian, Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief!

Before, he was really worried about getting entangled with the three major demons, so he missed the double reward!

But fortunately, everything went smoothly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a reminder came from Heaven.

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for entering 'Tai Sutian'! You passed the third round of the Star Master assessment and received the 'third-class Star Lord' reward! 】

[Your 'planet reward' is automatically promoted to the third level, and you need to return to the planet before issuing it! 】

[Now the personal rewards of 'third-class star-lord' will be distributed, the contents are as follows]

[Reward players + 400 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 30,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward the player + 3 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 5 merit points! 】

[Reward players randomly awaken 4 acquired avenues! 】

Qin Feng is delighted!

The reward of the third-class Star Lord is obviously more generous than that of the fourth-class, nearly twice that of the fourth-class!

I don't know if its additional rewards will be more generous?

Om~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the reward beam fell on him.

In the next second, his combat power, prestige, luck, and merit all soared.

When this wave of rewards ended, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It was detected that the player 'Qin Feng' arrived at Taisutian in 14 minutes, and received double extra rewards for this round!]

[After the reward is doubled, the content is changed as follows]

[Reward players with 400 million star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 80,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 30,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 30,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players to randomly awaken 40 acquired avenues! 】

good! good!

Double the reward!

Rich as always!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, a dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng

In the next second, his battle power, prestige, luck, and merit value soared wildly!

I don't know how long it took before all the rewards ended!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Then, he opened the panel

[Air Luck]: 365,000 times

【Reputation】: 3.53 million points

[Basic combat power]: 5.76 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 28

[Total number of avenues]: 868

very good!

The combat power has soared to 5.76 trillion!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

According to such progress, as long as he passes one more level, he will definitely be able to break the goal of 6 trillion stars!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the panel and raised his eyes to look forward

I saw that the thick fog around the square was full of cyan, which was completely different from the evil fogs such as Taixu, Taichu, and Taishi.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Assessment reminder: It is detected that the player has obtained the third-class Star Lord! The second-class Star-Lord assessment is automatically activated, and the assessment rules are now announced]

[Rules: Players enter Taisu Sha Qi and keep going westward. At the end of the sea of ​​fog, there is the entrance door to 'Taiyitian'! 】

[Rule: Players who break into ‘Taiyitian’ within 5 hours, that is, pass the fourth round of assessment, can obtain the personal reward of ‘Second-Class Star Lord’! 】

[Reminder: From here to the entrance of Taiyitian, it is about 22 trillion miles! 】

[Players who arrive at Taiyitian within 30 minutes can get additional rewards! Arrive within 15 minutes and get double the bonus! 】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng frowned!

This level is actually 22 trillion miles, and on the basis of the previous level, the distance has been extended by 30%, that is, the difficulty has been increased by 30%!

"It took me 14 minutes to clear the last level. I'm afraid this one"

Qin Feng was apprehensive.

Although his strength has skyrocketed, he still has no idea whether he can get the double reward of the fourth level!

No matter what, he will do his best!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng went to detect the blue mist outside the square.

[Taisu Shawu: Shawu containing the power of Taisu, one of the special Shawu at the boundary of the universe! 】

[Reminder: Taisu Shawu has a certain suppressing effect on the strength of the players, but it has no effect on the players who master the 'Taisu Dao'! 】

[Reminder: There are a lot of extraterrestrial demons hidden in this evil fog, and their strength ranges from the middle stage of the **** king to the half-step great perfection, and they are not suppressed by the Taisu evil fog! 】

In the fourth level, a half-step great consummation demon has appeared!

The difficulty has increased significantly!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Boom~!

In the next second, his figure flashed and he rushed into the cyan mist.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sea of ​​​​fog rolled, and the world trembled!

Qin Feng's speed is faster than before!

In the blink of an eye, he turned into a rainbow light and disappeared into the depths of the foggy sea

In this way, Qin Feng started the assessment of the fourth level

The other players are still going through the first test, and only a few people are going through the second test.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng traveled for 7 minutes in Taisutian, and he had traveled nearly half of the distance!

Whether he can get the double reward of this level is still unknown.

At the same moment, at the starting point of the third level, the figures of Jia Luo and Bai Zu appeared

At this moment, both of them smiled bitterly.

It turned out that in the second level, Jia Luo did not get additional rewards.

Bai Zu's strength is weaker, and it is even more impossible to obtain it.

"Fellow Daoist Jialuo, this second level's extra reward is really hard to get!"

Bai Zu sighed.

Jia Luo smiled bitterly: "Yeah! It took me 39 minutes to clear this level. Others are even more difficult. By the way, which mysterious powerhouse we met before, set off earlier than us, he should have earlier It's too early to come here, isn't it?"

"That's right! That strong man is a half-step perfection! The old man estimates that he should have won the extra reward of the second level!"

Bai Zu also echoed.

At this moment, they thought of Brahma at the same time!

At this time, Jia Luo nodded slightly: "What else is there to say? With the strength of half-step Dzogchen, that person will definitely get the extra reward of the second level! Thinking about it, it is enviable!"

"yes!"

Bai Zu nodded again and again, but the ground couldn't help showing a look of envy.

Swish~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed at the entrance.

A shadowy figure stepped into Taishitian!

The two were startled and turned to look.

Seeing this, both of them were stunned!

I saw that the person who came was Brahma!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before the two could think about it, the sky shook.

Tiandao has dropped the 'fourth-class star-lord' reward

The two of Jia Luo were suddenly dumbfounded!

This reward has fallen now, indicating that Brahma has just arrived!

No way?

Isn't this person a half-step Dzogchen existence?

Why is he the third one to arrive? !

The two of Jia Luo couldn't help looking at each other from the ground!

At the same moment, Brahma's face was extremely gloomy, and his mood was extremely depressed.

This time, he didn't get any additional rewards, he could only get a thin fourth-class title reward, which made him extremely annoyed!

At this moment, 5.7 he has a feeling of suffocation that is too ambitious!

correct!

In this third pass, he may still have a glimmer of hope!