Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng spoke.

Qin Feng: "Don't worry, everyone, I have already received this C-level drawing task, and I have completed more than half of it."

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, the audience cheered.

"Wow! Boss, you are too amazing!"

"Boss, you always surprise us!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng has never let us down!"

"Woo! Brother village chief, you make me admire you so much!"

"Boss Qin Feng, you are really our savior!"

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking about luck.

Fortunately, he received the task of opening the map in advance, otherwise it would be really difficult to face such a mutation.

Having said that, he has to speed up the task of opening the map.

A thousand people!

That's a hard condition for level 2 villages.

He couldn't delay the upgrade process of Longyuan Village.

Qin Feng: "Okay! Everyone, I will solve the population problem. The other conditions for upgrading the village are not difficult."

With this reminder, everyone began to pay attention to other upgrade conditions.

"Yes! Other upgrade conditions are also very difficult!"

"Fuck~! There are more than 40 strong level 10 people. There are only 10 people in our village now, and there are still 30 people!"

"It's okay to say! Our village has just been upgraded to a level 1 village, everyone's strength has been greatly enhanced, and the speed of upgrading has also increased. It is not difficult for another 30 people to upgrade to level 10!"

"Yeah! And the 400 level 1 wooden houses are not too difficult! The most difficult thing is, 100 level 2 wooden houses. That requires ice stones! Where do you get the ice stones?"

"Yeah! Where is Bingshi going?"

The people were greatly distressed.

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 100 ice stones to Longyuan Village and obtained 2,000 contribution points. 】

Boom~!

The entire Longyuan Village was instantly sensational.

"Fuck~! Frost Stone!"

"Hurry up and grab it!"

"Haha!! Got it! I got it!"

"Everyone, one piece of staff! Don't grab more!"

"Damn it! Your hand speed is too fast! One hundred ice stones! You all exchanged it all at once!"

"Woo~! Woo~! I didn't get it either!"

"Haha! The Froststone is in hand, and it is no longer a problem to build a hundred level 2 wooden houses."

At this time, Qin Feng appeared again.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, we must upgrade to a level 2 village within two days, otherwise everything will be in vain!"

Qin Feng: "However, the difficulty of the upgrade task has been doubled this time. I'm afraid that the speed will not be able to keep up with the upgrade as last time. Therefore, I will divide the labor for everyone and mobilize the battle strength of the whole village to speed up the upgrade speed. "

"Boss, make arrangements quickly! We will listen to you!"

"That's right! Everyone must obey the boss! Those who don't obey orders will be expelled from the village!"

"If anyone doesn't obey the village chief's orders, there is no need for him to stay in the village!"

[Reminder from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has activated the villager tracking system. The village chief can check the location of any villager at any time. 】

[Reminder from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has activated the voice command system. The village chief can issue verbal commands to any villager at any time. 】

It turns out that after being promoted to a level 1 village, the village chief has more than two control authority.

Hearing those prompts, the villagers felt a little strange in their hearts.

Fuck it~!

The boss can check their location at any time!

After that, who would dare not obey the boss's orders?

If the yang acts against the yin, the boss will reveal the location as soon as he checks the location.

hiss~!

It seems that they will have more respect for the boss in the future.

Unconsciously, everyone was a little more in awe of Qin Feng.

The authority of the village chief is also initially revealed at this moment.

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, and directly ordered troops on the battlefield.

Qin Feng: "Building a level 1 wooden house and a level 2 wooden house requires a lot of wood and stone. This is also the most scarce material before 240 in this village, and we need to increase our efforts to collect it."

Qin Feng: "From now on, all those ranked below 40th will go to cut wood and collect stone."

Qin Feng: "In addition, a small amount of iron ore is needed to upgrade the wooden house to level 2. The top ten such as Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Longshan, etc., you go to the Yiju Mountain in the west of the Liluo Prairie. Wherever there are iron ore that stretches for hundreds of miles, dig them. Endless."

Qin Feng: "With the strength of the nine of you, there is no problem in crossing the Liluo grassland. The task of digging iron ore is done by the nine of you."

Qin Feng: "Liu Yan and other 30 people, you are ranked 11th to 40th, the main task is to sprint to level 10. In addition, the power stone business of the regional channel will be enjoyed by the 30 of you, and the rest must not interfere. ."

Qin Feng: "And my task is to complete the drawing and increase the population of the village to more than 1,000 within two days."

Qin Feng: "Okay! Time is limited, everyone strive to complete the village upgrade within two days!"

When this point was over, everyone agreed with a bang.

In the entire Longyuan Village, no one violated the order.

Even Liu Xuan was willing to obey.

What's more, Qin Feng's distribution is very reasonable, maximizing teamwork.

At that moment, people started to act.

Longyuan Village became active again, and everyone worked hard.

There is a spirit of teamwork in the bones of Longguo people.

When you do it alone, you may pull your hips. When everyone works together, they will not turn back and don’t want to hold back the team.

Besides, we all know that time is running out.

They must fight!

If within two days, the level 2 villages cannot be promoted, the latter level 3 villages do not need to be considered.

Thinking of this, everyone has a sense of urgency.

In this way, the entire village was once again invested in the upgrade.

After dealing with this, Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

At this moment, inside the wooden house.

He breathed a sigh of relief and thought to himself that the arrangement was finally over, and he should also take care of his own affairs.

Chapter One Hundred and Twenty One Man Alone Against Thousands of Armies

"It's time to go to Hellfire Mountain!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He has been in the cabin for an hour.

Level 3 cabins, when not sleeping, energy and stamina recovery is four times faster.

An hour in the house is equivalent to four hours of rest.

With Qin Feng's physical fitness, after four hours of rest, his physical strength and energy can be fully recovered to the peak.

Of course, before heading to Hellfire Mountain, he had to make some preparations.

Qin Feng opened the resource library and glanced at it.

Seeing this, he had a look of joy on his face.

In the resource library, there are six tier 1 spiritual grasses and one tier 1 spiritual fruit.

These are all attribute points!

He quickly exchanged it, and spent a total of two hundred contribution points.

So far, he still has 5677 contribution points.

Afterwards, he extracted those spirit grasses and spirit fruits and obtained more than 40 attributes.

In addition, he upgraded the village and wooden house this time, and received a total of 300 attribute rewards.

He added all the 300 attribute points.

After this operation, he couldn't wait to check his latest data.

[Level]: Level 14 (2967000/4000000)

[Holy Duty]: Level 4 Judge (395/1000)

[Reputation]: 91 (novice emperor)

[Strength]: 984+170 (The Profound Truth of Power, Grade B)

[Agility]: 987+140 (the true meaning of speed, C level)

[Physical constitution]: 983+65 (the true meaning of the body, C level)

[Energy]: 1044+100 (Six senses psychic, B level.)

[Elemental talent]: The true meaning of fire (C-level), the true meaning of earth (C-level), the true meaning of gold (C-level), the true meaning of ice (water) (B-level), the secret of wood (B-level), the secret of darkness (Class B)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

Combat evaluation: 99 star limit.

Fuck it~!

The combat power has reached the limit of 99 stars!

It's just a line to break a hundred!

good! good!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and full of expectations.

He was curious about what would happen after the combat power reached 100 stars.

Maybe tonight, he will know the result.

At the moment, he turned off the panel and was ready to go.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: 319 Village Cruz exchanged your third-order point steel gun with a silver treasure chest. 】Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

what!

Another gain!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he quickly entered the trading channel.