Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

hum~~!

At this time, the jade plate of good fortune was activated again.

[Reminder: The number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 925, which meets the advanced requirements, and the advanced is automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 14 to rank 15! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 15th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 15%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 15th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 15%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 15th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 65 billion stars! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum once again soared wildly!

After a long time, all the improvement is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

With this continuous improvement, his basic combat power has soared to 6.45 trillion stars!

Ha ha!

Finally broke 6 trillion stars!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qin Feng's heart is very happy!

correct!

He deduced the secret before, and after the battle strength broke 6 trillion, the probability of Blue Star Realm being able to keep it was 50%!

Today, his combat power has reached 6.45 trillion, so can the probability reach 60%?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly moved the seal and deduced it again.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Suddenly, the starlight lit up on his fingertips!

Tianji Avenue is running fast!

After a while, he calculated the result, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

The deduction result is close to what he expected.

The chances of Blue Star Realm being able to keep it are close to 55%. To reach the 60% chance, his combat power must reach 7 trillion!

Having said that, even if it is a 60% chance, it is still a bit low!

What Qin Feng wants is to absolutely keep the Blue Star Realm.

Only by keeping the Blue Star Realm, can there be a chance to obtain the inheritance of the Master of the Universe of the Hongyuan Universe.

According to his calculation just now, in order to have a 90% chance of keeping the Blue Star Realm, he must have at least 9 trillion combat power!

9 trillion!

This is very difficult!

It seems that he has to continue to improve his strength!

With this in mind, Qin Feng did not dare to relax!

After all, the Blue Star Realm is too important to him, so he must not lose it!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Assessment reminder: It is detected that the contestant has obtained the second-class Star Lord! The first-class Star-Lord assessment is automatically activated, and the assessment rules are now announced]

[Rules: Players are too easy to be suffocating when they enter, and keep going west. At the end of the foggy sea, there is the entrance door to the 'Monitor Temple'! 】

[Rule: Players who break into the 'Holy Temple' within 5 hours, that is, pass the fifth round of assessment, can obtain the personal reward of 'First-Class Star Lord'! 】

[Reminder: From here to the entrance of the Temple of Supervision, it is about 30 trillion miles! 】

[Players who arrive at the Temple of the Superintendent within 30 minutes can get additional rewards! Arrive within 15 minutes and get double the bonus! 】

30 trillion miles!

The difficulty of this round has increased by more than 30%, almost 40%!

Qin Feng is a little depressed!

However, it is not a problem for him to want to get additional rewards.

It's just that double reward, there's no chance

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao's prompt came again

[Opportunity Reminder: If the player ‘Qin Feng’ is detected as a challenger, the following titles can be automatically triggered]

[Special Star-Lord: Challengers who pass the 'First-Class Star-Lord' assessment can activate the 'Superior Star-Lord' challenge! 】

[Supreme Star-Lord: Challengers can get extra rewards in the 'First-Class Star-Lord' assessment, and they can activate the 'Supreme Star-Lord' challenge! 】

[Supreme Star-Lord: Challengers can get double extra rewards in the 'First-Class Star-Lord' assessment, and they can activate the 'Supreme Star-Lord' challenge! 】

[The Grand Star-Lord challenge is successful, and you can randomly awaken 1 Innate Avenue and the corresponding number of Acquired Avenues. 】

[Supreme Star-Lord's challenge is successful, and 2 Innate Avenues and a corresponding number of Acquired Avenues can be awakened randomly. 】

[Supreme Star-Lord's challenge is successful, and 3 innate avenues and a corresponding number of acquired avenues can be awakened randomly. 】

[Reminder: The special sanctuary promoted by the special star-lord can be compared with the medium-sized star field! 】

[Reminder: The supreme sanctuary promoted by the supreme star-lord can match the large star domain! 】

[Reminder: The supreme sanctuary promoted by the supreme star-lord can match the super star domain! 】

Boom~!

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was shocked and full of surprises!

Knew it!

On top of the special star-lord, there are two higher-level star-lords!

That is to 517 Gao Xingjue and Supreme Xingjue!

Qin Feng is excited!

If he can obtain the Supreme Star Lord, then he can target the super star field and obtain countless resources from Tiandao.

In this way, Long Yuan will gain unimaginable benefits!

In the same way, he can also get great benefits!

This will be of great help to his next trip to Judgment Divine Realm!

"It turns out that the activation of the two types of Star Lords is to obtain additional rewards!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and looked at the golden fog outside the square.

In the next second, he spied the golden mist...

[Taiyi Shawu: Shawu containing the power of Taiyi, one of the special Shawu at the boundary of the universe! 】

[Reminder: Taiyi Shawu has a certain suppressing effect on the strength of the players, but it has no effect on the players who master the ‘Taiyi Dao’! 】

[Reminder: There are a lot of extraterrestrial demons hidden in this evil fog, and their strength ranges from the peak of the **** king to the half-step great perfection, and they are not suppressed by the too easy evil fog! 】

[Reminder: There are three half-step Great Perfection demons hidden in this level, and they have the ability to see through the disguise of all phenomena! 】

After this snooping, Qin Feng frowned!

This level needs to master the Taiyi Dao so as not to be affected by the evil fog!

But he didn't master Taiyi Dao!

What made him even more depressed was that there were three half-step Great Perfection Heavenly Demons hidden in this level, and they had the ability to see through the disguise of all phenomena!

All kinds of things are extremely detrimental to his breakthrough!

"Looking at this situation, I think the possibility of getting double rewards is very slim! By the way."

Qin Feng's heart was moved, and he quickly pinched the seal, and deduced the secret again!

After a while, he finished the deduction, and there was a look of sadness on his face.

After the deduction just now, the probability of him getting extra rewards can reach 100%, but the probability of getting double rewards is not even 50%!

This is too exaggerated!

If he can't get the double reward, he can't activate the 'Supreme Star Lord' challenge!

This is definitely not what he wants to see!

According to Qin Feng's calculations, if he awakens Taiyi Dao, there is a 30% chance.

If his combat power is increased to 6.6 trillion stars, the possibility can be increased by 10%!

At present, his combat power is 6.45 trillion, which is 1.5 billion less than the target of 6.6 trillion!

Now, he has basically used up all the means to improve his strength!

Does he still have the means to increase his combat power by 1.5 billion?

what! correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

The next second, he turned around and walked towards the entrance of Taisutian.

Chapter Nine hundred and seventy-third Heavenly vocation full level! God of Law!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the entrance light door!

Om~! Om~!

As soon as his heart moved, he activated the two great weapons and displayed the Seven Killing Divine Body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed, instantly soaring to 13.7 trillion stars!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Before he knew it, his strength had risen to such a level!

This makes him extremely satisfied!

The next second, he stepped out and got into the door of light in front of him!

huh~!

With the flash of white light, Qin Feng passed through the gate of light and entered the final square of Taisutian!

At this moment, he sensed a gaze that was looking towards him.

Qin Feng hurriedly followed the light and saw that a million feet away, the demon leader was still there that day

At this moment, the leader of the demons is looking at him with a look of surprise, and his eyes are full of doubts!

This troll just entered Taiyitian not long ago, why did he come back?

In addition, it vaguely felt that Qin Feng's breath was a little different from before.

As for where it is different, it can't see a reason.

Just when the leader of the demons was thinking about it, Qin Feng took the initiative to fly to its front, the two sides were only ten thousand feet apart, and they continued to approach...

That day, the demon leader suddenly became tense, and his whole body was secretly tense.

After all, its strength is not as good as the guy in front of him!

When this guy rushed to the entrance before, the momentum he burst out was infinitely close to 12 trillion stars!

Its combat power is only 7 trillion!

How can this not make it nervous!