Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng was already close to a thousand feet.

The demon leader finally couldn't hold back any longer.

After it took a deep breath, it said politely, "My friend, why are you back?"

Qin Feng said with a serious expression: "This deity returns to this place! It is the spirit of the Tao of Heaven, and I am here to convey a new mission to you!"

"New mission?! What mission?"

The leader of the demons hurriedly looked solemn, not daring to neglect.

"This is a mission order! See for yourself!"

Qin Feng threw out a mission token

The leader of the demon subconsciously caught the token, and when he lowered his head, he saw that the word 'Star Lord' was engraved on the front of the token, and the word 'Hongyuan' was engraved on the back.

Huh~! Isn't this the star master assessment order for the players!

The leader of the demons was stunned!

Just when it was puzzled, Qin Feng suddenly shot!

Boom~!

At that moment, Qin Feng slashed down with an axe!

"you!"

The leader of the demons was shocked and raised his head suddenly, his eyes filled with shock and anger!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body burst out, covering hundreds of millions of miles!

The 13.7 trillion battle power is on full display!

"This this"

The face of the demon leader changed greatly, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors!

Before that, it sensed Qin Feng's momentum, and it was less than 12 trillion!

But it's only been a few minutes!

This guy has skyrocketed to 13.7 trillion!

Boom~ boom~ boom!

Without waiting for it to think about it, Qin Feng's axe has already slashed!

Om~!

At that moment, the axe blade lit up with a dazzling cold light!

Taoist skills! A heart attack! All activated!

The momentum of that axe suddenly reached 48 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

"No~!"

That day, the demon leader was so frightened that his face was pale, and his eyes were full of boundless terror!

It was originally shocked by Qin Feng's aura!

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng was actually better at attacking, far exceeding his expectations!

Generally, the attack increase of the Eternal Realm is two to three times that of one's own momentum!

At this moment, Qin Feng has done it three and a half times!

It doesn't know that this is not Qin Feng's strongest attack!

If it weren't for this assessment to limit the help of subordinates, if Qin Feng used 'Six Prisons to Suppress Heaven', the attack increase could reach four and a half times!

Swish~!

A flash of light!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That axe light slashed down!

Wherever he passed, all the space boundary walls shattered inch by inch, locking the demon of the day!

"No~~!"

Despair and roar of the devil!

At this moment, it was too late to escape, everything fell into Qin Feng's calculations!

In desperation, it had to attack with all its strength, meet the attack of the axe, and make a final dying struggle...

But its full punch, the attack momentum is less than 20 trillion!

That's when the axe fell to the sky!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The mournful roar echoed in the void!

Qin Feng slashed the demon leader in half with just one axe!

Afterwards, the body of the devil exploded into a blood fog that day, and gathered and swelled, trying to resurrect!

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed again with an axe!

Poof~!

There was a sound of collapse in the blood mist, and the shrill roar echoed again!

Qin Feng also chopped up the soul of the demon leader!

With just two axes, he killed a half-step Great Perfection Demon!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Of course, this demon also belongs to the bottom of the half-step Great Perfection!

Compared with it, Brahma is much stronger than it!

It was at this moment that the blood mist that the demon turned into that day began to disappear, and a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed a demon leader (half-step great perfection), and obtained +150,000 gold judgment points! 】

After the information is prompted, the feedback is over!

Qin Feng was stunned, a little stunned!

He originally wanted to kill these demons to see if he could gain something.

If there is something to be gained, maybe it can improve his strength, so that he can achieve the goal of breaking through 6.6 trillion in combat power!

The results are so disappointing to him!

For killing these demons, there is only trial value reward, and there is no other reward!

Just a moment's thought, Qin Feng understood Tiandao's wishes.

Tiandao is encouraging the players to pass the level, and does not encourage fighting with the demons!

Therefore, the way of heaven has been greatly reduced, and the benefits of slaughtering the demons!

"Hey! It seems that I want to improve my strength, so I can only think of another way" "!"

Qin Feng smiled helplessly!

hum~~!

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up on his body!

[Your vocation is promoted to level 108 Hongmeng Supreme (Advanced)]

【Your strength index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100,000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100,000 points! 】

[It is detected that your vocation level has reached the full level, you have reached the vocation promotion standard, and you are now starting to advance...]

[Successful advancement of vocation! You have been promoted to full-level Hongmeng Supreme! 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'full-level Hongmeng Supreme', your combat power has increased by 100 million stars]

[Congratulations on becoming a 'full-level Hongmeng Supreme', your vocation skill 'belief sharing' has been promoted to full-level]

[Faith Sharing (full level): The number of times you have obtained Dao enlightenment from your subordinates has been increased to 10 times]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'full-level Hongmeng Supreme', you have automatically obtained 18,000 times the blessing of luck]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'full-level Hongmeng Supreme', you have automatically acquired the 1% Dao of Law (Xiantian) Dao Rhyme...]

Boom~!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

He finally promoted his vocation to the full level!

This will have unimaginable benefits for him to obtain the inheritance of the 'Judgment Domain Master' in the future!

In addition, he also won 100 million combat power rewards, as well as the insight of the Dao of Law!

The avenue of law is the innate avenue!

Master the rules of heaven and earth, and control the order of gods and demons!

Law is constant, law is impermanent! Everything in the world is a dog!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just then, the sky shook!

A reward light plant fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's body

Immediately, his aura exploded wildly all the way.

At the same time, his eyebrows lit up with dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe emerged, automatically condensing the twenty-ninth petals!

After a long time, all rewards will end!

The petals of the seal of the universe were condensed, and they were quietly hidden between the eyebrows.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

The next second, he opened the panel to check the latest status

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme (seed level)

[Air Luck]: 430,000 times

【Reputation】: 3.67 million points

[Basic combat power]: 6.553 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 29

[Total number of avenues]: 926

[Meritory Points]: 117,000 points