Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After reading this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

Both the vocation and the rank are full.

The 6.6 trillion target he wants to complete is still about 47 billion yuan away.

pity! He has no choice!

Qin Feng felt helpless!

Level and vocation are full!

If he goes to kill those guardian angels again, he can't even get the trial value, it can be said that he has no gain!

Therefore, he does not intend to slaughter the demons again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and sucked back the Star Master assessment order he had thrown before.

He glanced at it a little, and it was intact!

This kind of assessment token cannot be destroyed.

Because of this, he used this order to divert the attention of the demon leader.

That's it!

Since there will be no more gains from killing Tianmo, then he will return to Taiyitian and find a way!

At present, if he wants to get the double extra reward of Tai Yitian, there is still a 10% chance!

If you want to succeed, the best way is to awaken Taiyi Dao!

That way, he has at least a 30% chance!

"Hey! How do I comprehend this Taiyi Dao? That's right! I obtained a Primordial Violet Qi before, and it is about to be refined. I wonder if this refining will make me awaken to the Taiyi Dao?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to see hope again.

Refining Hongmeng Purple Qi will inevitably awaken one innate avenue and ten acquired avenues.

Qin Feng has already sensed that 90% of the Hongmeng Purple Qi has been refined, and it is not far from being completely refined.

This made him look forward to it even more!

But then, he was a little worried!

After all, after refining Hongmeng Purple Qi, the road to awakening is random.

It only awakens the avenues that the refiners have not awakened, but there are 20 kinds of innate avenues that Qin Feng has not awakened!

But it will not necessarily awaken the Taiyi Avenue!

In other words, the probability of awakening the Taiyi Dao is only one-twentieth, or 5%!

That's it!

Whether you can awaken to Taiyi Avenue depends on luck!

In any case, this time he has to wait for the refining of the 'Hongmeng Purple Qi' before going to Taiyitian's level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged, returned to the terminal square, and closed the door to Tai Yitian's entrance.

"¨'Huh! This is..."

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart and closed his eyes involuntarily.

At the same moment, in the Qin Yuan universe.

The heaven among the three worlds.

A mind body of Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

As soon as the mind body appeared, he raised his eyes and looked beyond the Three Realms.

Beyond the Three Realms, there is a vast universe with hundreds of thousands of star fields.

Among the hundreds of thousands of star fields, there are 926 more star fields, and a trace of life has begun to be born!

This is in line with Qin Feng's awakening of the 926 avenues!

In short, today's Qin Yuan universe has become incomparably huge, and its scale is incomparably magnificent!

After the mind body sighed, his eyes turned to the boundary of the universe.

That border is an endless sea of ​​chaotic fog!

In addition, the mind body also saw that there are four kinds of evil spirits outside the sea of ​​fog, forming a four-layer enchantment.

Those are the gray barrier formed by the Taixu evil mist, the white barrier formed by the Taichu evil mist, the black barrier formed by the Taishi evil mist, and the cyan barrier formed by the Taisu evil mist!

It turned out that after Qin Feng awakened Taixu, Taichu, Taishi, and Taisu Dao, the periphery of his Qin Yuan universe automatically condensed four kinds of evil mist enchantment, which is equivalent to condensing a protective layer for Qin Yuan universe!

"Hey! It turns out that I realized that the five congenital gods can make the universe automatically condense the evil fog enchantment, then I"

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and an inexplicable thought came into his mind.

The next second, he hurriedly walked into the door of light in front of him!

After passing through the gate of light, Qin Feng returned to Taiyitian's starting point square!

Then, he quickened his pace and walked to the edge of the square, looking at the golden mist that was constantly surging in front of him!

At this time, he was only half a foot away from Shawu!

As long as you step out, you can enter the sea of ​​​​fog, and the assessment will be automatically activated!

Qin Feng naturally doesn't want to take the assessment now, he has no confidence in winning the double reward!

After taking a deep breath, he stretched out his palm and faced Wu Hai.

Om~!

The next second, his palm lit up, and a black hole gradually formed in his palm!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, a monstrous swallowing force was generated, and it sucked wildly at the sea of ​​​​fog ahead!

The sea of ​​fog suddenly surged violently, and under the traction of the violent suction, it penetrated the enchantment around the square and continuously poured into Qin Feng's palm.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, there was a huge roar from the universe in Qin Feng's body, and a faint golden light lit up on his body.

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[You are forcibly swallowing the 'too easy evil spirit']

[Taiyi Shawu has been forcibly integrated into the boundary of the 'Qin Yuan Universe', and blends and overlaps with the Four Taishawu]

[The fusion of Qin Yuan universe is too easy and the fog is successful! Qin Yuan Universe has been strengthened by the power of Taiyi Dao]

[Congratulations, you have automatically awakened the perception of 1% Taiyi Dao from that reinforcement! 】

Boom~!

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng was shocked and full of surprises!

Ha ha!

Everything is as he expected!

Tai Yi Sha fog is also a rare resource!

It's just that ordinary people can't digest this resource!

And he is the master of the universe, and he can forcibly integrate this resource!

And through the fusion, he gained his understanding of Taiyi Dao!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng was overjoyed at this discovery!

He finally found a way to awaken Taiyi Dao!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the moment, Qin Feng closed his eyes and swallowed the evil mist in front of him with all his strength.

[Congratulations, you have obtained +1% Taiyi Dao perception from the fusion of Taiyi Shawu]

[Congratulations, you have obtained +1% Taiyi Dao perception from the fusion of Taiyi Shawu]

[Congratulations, you have obtained +1% Taiyi Dao perception from the fusion of Taiyi Shawu]

At this moment, Qin Feng's comprehension of Taiyi Dao is frantically improving Yu.

A golden aura gradually lit up on his body, which was the unique aura of Taiyi Avenue.

Chapter 974: The Dharma is impermanent! Life and death good and evil!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just one minute, Qin Feng absorbed too easy suffocating energy, as many as ten thousand hectares!

He gained the Taiyi Dao sentiment, and it also reached about 2.5%!

This makes him very satisfied!

According to this progress, it took him about forty minutes to awaken Taiyi Dao!

At the moment, he continued to swallow the evil spirit with excitement.

At the same moment, Taishitian Entrance Plaza!

Brahma cursed angrily.

Just now, he finally passed the third level and received the reward of the third-class Star Lord!

What made him resentful was that this time he spent 30 minutes and 11 seconds, and he was only a little short of time before he could get extra rewards!

This time, he did not encounter the eccentric troll blocking, but encountered the siege of the three-headed and half-step peak of the demons. It took him more than 30 seconds to let him get rid of it completely!

Therefore, the extra reward of the third level is lost!

"Hey! This deity is really bad luck!"

While Brahma complained, he looked at Taisushawu in front of him.

Next, he has to pass the fourth level!

According to the results of the previous level, he will never get additional rewards in the fourth level!

He calculated his speed, and it would take him at least forty minutes to reach Taiyitian!

Brahma didn't know that his hurrying time was almost the same as the time when Qin Feng awakened Taiyi Dao!

When he arrived at Taiyitian, Qin Feng should have awakened Taiyi Dao!

Maybe they will meet again!

"Speaking of which, this deity has passed three levels in a row, so he should be the first player to reach Taisutian! I don't know how the thief Qin Feng is doing now?"

At this time, Brahma suddenly thought of Qin Feng.

According to Da Jitian's instructions, he could not let Qin Feng obtain the first-class star-rank.

Because after the challenger obtains the first-class star-lord, he can promote his nest to the first-class sanctuary!

A first-class sanctuary is comparable to a small star field, and the status of the master of its sanctuary can also be comparable to the master of a small star field.

With a first-class sanctuary, you also have the qualification to participate in the inheritance of the trial domain master!

Therefore, Brahma's task is to prevent Qin Feng from becoming a first-class star-lord!

Thinking of this, Brahma looked back at the entrance to the light door, and there was a touch of disdain at the corner of his mouth.

He passed three levels in a row and only met two players, namely Jia Luo and Bai Zu!

From this, it can be seen that Qin Feng's performance is not very good, and he didn't even break into the top three!

I don't know if that guy has reached the third level now?

In short, Qin Feng's performance made him a little disappointed!

Venerable Jie Yin said at the time that Qin Feng's strength was the best in the half-step peak.

Now, that guy has been promoted to the main **** realm again, and it is reasonable to have the strength close to half-step Great Perfection!