Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If this is the case, Qin Feng's performance should be better than Jia Luo, and he should be in the top three!

But he has not seen Qin Feng until now, so he must have been behind Jia Luo and Bai Zu.

"Haha! After a long time, I still overestimate Qin Feng's son!"

Thinking of this, Brahma couldn't help but sneer.

In the next second, he stopped thinking about it and walked directly towards the sea of ​​fog in front of him.

He wants to finish the five levels early and win the next-level Star Lord!

Then, he blocked Qin Feng at the end of the last level, so that he would never get the first-class star-lord!

Thinking of this, the corners of Brahma's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a smug look.

He thinks his plan is perfect!

This guy didn't know that Qin Feng had already entered Tai Yitian and rushed far ahead of him.

He didn't even know that the troll who killed him twice was transformed by Qin Feng!

In this way, Brahma walked into the sea of ​​​​fog with self-righteousness, and opened the fourth level of assessment.

At the same time, Taiyitian's starting point square!

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the edge of the square with his palms facing the sea of ​​fog, swallowing the boundless Taiyisha fog at full speed.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, his body was roaring constantly, and the aura on his body became more and more dazzling.

That is his perception of Taiyi Dao, which has been improving rapidly!

In this way, Qin Feng continued to swallow the fog!

Brahma is also heading towards Taiyitian!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, forty minutes passed!

At this moment, the aura of the avenue on Qin Feng's body is extremely dazzling!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, Qin Feng was shocked, and the momentum of the whole person suddenly soared!

At the same time, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness.

[Reminder: Your perception of Taiyi Dao reaches 1%, and you start to automatically awaken the innate Dao - Taiyi Dao]

Om~!

The next second, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with a dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe emerged!

The thirty petals begin to condense...

It didn't take long for the thirty petals to condense!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

Finally awakened Taiyi Avenue!

Then he won the double reward of the fifth level, and there is hope!

Qin Feng stood up happily

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, his whole body lit up with a dazzling purple light, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way.

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), and obtaining the 100 million-star Dao foundation's power back! 】

[Congratulations for refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you have automatically awakened the Innate Dao - Dao of Law]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the avenue), you have automatically awakened the Dao of the Day Afterward - the Dao of Regulations]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you automatically awakened the Dao of the Day Afterward - the Dao of Zezhi]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you automatically awakened the Dao of Acquired - the Dao of Rank]

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Great Way), you have automatically awakened the Great Way of the Aftermath - the Great Way of Preface]

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with eleven avenues of inspiration!

One of them is the congenital avenue - the avenue of law!

The law is constant, the law is impermanent!

Rule the rules of heaven and earth, and control the order of gods and demons!

The legal taboo of life and death, judge the good and evil of all living beings!

These two innate avenues complement each other!

Qin Feng is all awakened!

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with dazzling blue light, and the seal of the universe appeared again!

The thirty-first petal begins to condenseVIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

After a long time, the petals condensed and the seal of the universe disappeared automatically!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of ecstasy!

This time, he gained another 100 million star-level Dao base power and eleven avenues.

Today, he has mastered 938 avenues, of which 31 are congenital!

His basic combat power has soared by 6.67 trillion stars, exceeding his previous target!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with such progress!

According to his estimation, with his current strength to pass the level, there should be a 45% chance of winning double the extra reward.

Although this chance is not more than half, but it is worth fighting for!

"It's time to act!"

At this moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath, looked at the sea of ​​fog in front of him, and was ready to pass the level.

He also wants to be promoted to the first-class Star Lord as soon as possible, so that his strength can break 7 trillion as soon as possible!

As long as it breaks 7 trillion, the probability of saving the Blue Star Realm can reach more than 60%.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was about to set off when suddenly his eyes lit up, as if thinking of something

"Hey! By the way! Count the time, Brahma should have reached the fourth level soon, right?"

At the moment, the corner of his mouth smiled slightly, revealing a wicked smile.

Since Brahma is about to arrive, he naturally has to clean up that guy, how can he make it through the barrier smoothly.

Om~! Om~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly activated the two great weapons and displayed the Seven Killing Divine Body!

In the blink of an eye, his aura soared to 14.17 trillion stars, extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng is also very satisfied!

In the next second, he displayed the Avenue of Vientiane, and changed into the appearance of a demon.

After doing this, he walked towards the light gate of Tai Yitian's entrance.

At the same time, within Taisu days.

Brahma has reached the finish line!

At this moment, he descended from the sky and landed on the square.

"Finally arrived! I should be the first to reach Taiyitian, right?"

Brahma smiled smugly and walked towards the entrance door of light.

In just a moment, he walked near the door of light!

As long as he takes one more step, he will step into the door of light...

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

I saw a flash of light and shadow, and a troll walked out of the door of light!

The two sides suddenly met and almost collided!

This sudden encounter shocked both sides!

"It's you!"

Brahma roared even more, and hurriedly retreated back!

After Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, he slashed at him with all his might!

Boom~!

The axe slashed out, the world trembled, as if the heavens were pressing down on the top, it was extremely terrifying!

"Damn!"

Brahma screamed in anger!

That axe attack caught him off guard, let alone dodge!

Swish~!

In a critical moment, he raised his sword to resist!

Although he knows that he is not the opponent of this troll, he is confident that he can withstand a blow and not collapse!

The last time he fought, he had already figured out the strength of this troll.

If it weren't for the two celestial demons helping the troll, he would still be able to carry a few more rounds.

This time, he is confident that he can hold the axe!

As long as he holds the first axe, he will lure away the troll and rush directly into Taiyitian, and it will be safe.

After all, he is only one step away from Taiyitian, not without hope!

Swish~!

With this in mind, Brahma slashed with all his strength to face Qin Feng's attack!

The attacking momentum of that sword still reached 31 trillion stars, which was astonishing!

hum~~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's giant axe lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Various skills! Instant start!

The momentum of that axe suddenly reached 49.6 trillion stars, which was infinitely close to 50 trillion stars, and the horror was extreme!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The axe blade slashed across the sky, split all the boundary walls, and collapsed thousands of avenues!

That terrifying aura appeared, covering Brahma's entire body!

"This is! No~~!"

Brahma immediately sensed the terrifying aura, and was so frightened that his soul flew away, and his eyes showed an incredible look!

He really can't see it, it's only been over an hour, the attack power of this troll has soared from 39.6 trillion to 49.6 trillion!

Gosh!

How the **** did this troll do it?

Without waiting for him to think about it, the two sides attacked and collided!

When~~!