Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Qin Feng slashed the Brahma Heart Sword with one axe, and the axe light continued to slash down!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

A mournful roar echoed in the void!

The remaining strength of that axe split Brahma in half again!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng raised his axe and slashed wildly, more than a dozen times in a row!

With a shrill scream, Brahma's soul body collapsed and he was killed on the spot again!

This time, he didn't even have the strength to fight back!

"Hoo~! I finally killed it again!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and felt extremely comfortable!

He has killed Brahma three times in a row, and as long as he kills two more times, Brahma will be forcibly eliminated.

At this moment, the blood mist transformed by Brahma automatically turned into starlight and began to dissipate everywhere.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Hey! This is..."

At this time, Qin Feng seemed to sense something and couldn't help but look at the blood mist.

In the next second, his eyes lit up, and he hurriedly moved the seal and activated the secret technique.

Suddenly, an invisible force enveloped the area and began to swallow

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Brahma, your luck value +6 times]

Qin Feng is very happy!

He got 6 times luck from Brahma again!

It turns out that Brahma has successively won the fifth-grade, fourth-grade, and third-grade star-rank awards, and his luck value has skyrocketed from 0 to 6 times!

But this time, he was swallowed by Qin Feng again, and his luck was lost again!

And Qin Feng's luck has soared to 436,000 times!

After this devouring, Qin Feng felt satisfied!

The improvement of luck is also equivalent to the increase of strength!

This time, it's a bit of a gain!

However, he should also go to the fifth level and win the first-class Star Lord!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stepped out one step, got straight into the door of light, and returned to Taiyitian

Chapter 975 Extremely urgent! Fengshen was founded!

After more than ten seconds, Qin Feng returned to Taiyitian, and stood on the edge of the square, looking at the sea of ​​fog in front of him!

He should be tested!

Less than 50% success rate! He was somewhat worried!

But time is precious, he can't wait any longer!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng rushed into the sea of ​​fog!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the world trembled, and the sea of ​​fog roared!

Qin Feng turned into a rainbow light, and flew out of hundreds of millions of miles in an instant. The momentum was extremely magnificent!

In this way, Qin Feng opened the fifth level - assessment!

At the same moment, at the starting point square of Nataisutian.

Brahma is resurrected!

At this moment, his face was full of grief and anger, and he was about to collapse!

That **** bitch, actually killed him again!

What made him vomit blood even more was that his luck disappeared after he died!

This is definitely the devil's work!

Why? ! Why is it like that? !

Why is that **** targeting him everywhere? !

Brahma really couldn't figure it out, and at the same time, he was so angry.

This can no longer be described as moldy!

This is obviously because he is being targeted by that bitch!

"Damn it! Why is that **** targeting the deity everywhere? That's right! The attack power of that **** in the second level was close to 40 trillion, why was it close to 50 trillion in the fourth level?"

Thinking of this question, Brahma's face changed slightly, and his heart was still shocked!

Then again, that troll is just too mysterious.

Every time he sees it, the strength of the troll will skyrocket a lot. I really don't understand why this happens!

In short, he didn't want to see that troll again!

He was really scared!

"Hey! I hope I won't meet it again next time! I don't want to do so much, I have to hurry up! Otherwise, Qin Feng will catch up!"

After Brahma murmured in his heart, he looked at the entrance door behind him.

Up to now, he still thought that Qin Feng was still behind

Afterwards, he no longer hesitated, bit his head, and re-entered the sea of ​​fog.

This time, he was naturally more cautious, for fear of encountering that terrifying troll again.

He didn't know that the troll was Qin Feng!

In this way, Brahma started to break through the fourth level again.

At the same time, Qin Feng is breaking through the fifth level

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, more than fourteen minutes passed!

At this moment, in Taiyitian, in the depths of the foggy sea.

Qin Feng was sweating profusely!

In 30 seconds, it will be 15 minutes!

But now he is still trillions of miles away from the finish line, and it's too late!

At his current speed, it would take at least 40 seconds to reach the finish line!

In other words, if he can't get the double reward of this level, then he can't activate the challenge of 'Supreme Star Lord'!

No wonder the success rate he calculated was less than 50%!

Looking at it now, it is really about to fail!

no!

Never give up!

Qin Feng was not reconciled, his momentum broke out completely, and he rushed at full speed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the speed of his escape really accelerated a little, reaching the extreme of his extremes!

29 seconds 28 seconds 27 seconds

The time he had left was passing little by little!

He is also getting closer to the finish line!

22 seconds 21 seconds 20 seconds

In a blink of an eye, he only had 20 seconds left!

He is still 3 trillion miles away from the finish line!

Visually, it will take twenty-seven or eight seconds, and it is still too late!

This situation made Qin Feng so anxious

At this moment, the mutation in the field regenerated!

I saw the sea of ​​fog rolling in front of me, and three celestial demons rushed out. All of them were monstrous, and they all reached a half-step Great Consummation!

They are the guardian BOSS of this level!

It turned out that it was the huge movement made by Qin Feng's breakthrough that alarmed them!

The three big demons came one after another, just to see this scene!

At this meeting, the three big demons were stunned and looked at Qin Feng in astonishment!

The momentum of Qin Feng's explosion has exceeded the limit of half-step Great Perfection!

Strange!

How could there be a demon stronger than them in this too easy day?

The three heavenly demons were suddenly puzzled!

At the same moment, Qin Feng felt bad when he saw the three big demons!

He was running out of time!

If these three big demons try to obstruct again, he will have a 100% chance of winning the double reward!

This thought came to me, and the mutation in the field regenerated!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

I saw the three big demons, and their pupils lit up with golden light!

Boom~!

In the next second, the three major demons were shocked and exclaimed!

"He is human!"

"Quick! Stop him!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three big demons came to Qin Feng together!

"Hey! That's true!"

Qin Feng sighed in his heart!

Everything is as he expected!

Before breaking through this level, Tiandao reminded that the three celestial demon leaders in this level have the ability to see through the disguise of all phenomena!

He was finally found!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the three heavenly demons were killed in front of them, and they were all shocked and angry!

They hate Qin Feng's disguise!

"Stop him!"

"Damn human!"