Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, his combat power, prestige, luck, and meritorious deeds exploded wildly once again.

Chapter 976 Star-Lord Ranking! One hundred thousand true gods!

After a long time, everything returned to calm!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy...

hum~~!

At this time, the jade plate of good fortune was activated again...

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 18, which meets the advanced requirements and automatically opens the advanced…]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 15 to rank 16! 】

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 16th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 16%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 16th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 16%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 16th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 700 million stars! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum once again soared wildly!

After a long time, all the improvement is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again with joy!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: After your Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to rank 16, it will automatically awaken the Taoist skills! Activate the Fortune Jade Plate to increase both attack and defense by 50%! 】

[Reminder: After the jade plate of good fortune is promoted to rank 16, every time you increase by 2 avenues, you can go up to another rank! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was shocked and full of surprises!

The power of the Fortune Jade Plate has increased again!

It can actually increase attack power and defense power!

Having said that, the Fortune Jade Plate has increased the attack by 50%, and if you add the increase of Pantian Dao Armor and Pantian Dao Axe, it will be 20%!

In the same way, the jade plate of good fortune has also increased the defense by 50%, plus the defense increase of Pantian Daojia, that is 15%!

In this way, his overall strength has been greatly improved!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

"This jade plate of good fortune is a growth-type Taoist weapon, and its potential is higher than that of the good-fortune Taoist axe and Taoist armor! It's just a bit difficult to upgrade in the future!"

At this time, Qin Feng sighed!

In the future, if you want to upgrade the Jade Plate, you must accumulate 2 avenues before you can upgrade again!

However, Qin Feng is already very satisfied with this!

correct!

With his continuous improvement, his strength should have improved a lot, right?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel...

[Air Luck]: 491,000 times

【Reputation】: 3.84 million points

[Basic combat power]: 8.51 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 31

[Total number of avenues]: 18

good! good!

The combat power has reached 8.51 trillion!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

According to his previous calculations, when his combat power reaches 7 trillion, the Blue Star Realm will have a 60% chance of keeping it!

With his current combat power, he should be able to reach more than 80%!

However, these are not enough!

If he wants to have a 90% chance of saving the Blue Star Realm, he must reach more than 9 trillion combat power!

It seems that he has to work hard!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked around and found himself in a hall of the temple!

In the center of the hall stands a 10,000-foot monument, which is as white as jade and engraved with lines of golden inscriptions…

[First-class Star-Lord Record God Monument]

[This year's first-class star-rank ranking has not been activated]

[The rankings of the previous first-class Star Lords are as follows…]

[First place: Luo Hu (Nine Heavens Demon Domain), 1 hour, 53 minutes and 16 seconds]

[Second place: Sacrifice to Heaven (Peeking at the Divine Realm), 2 hours, 17 minutes and 19 seconds]

[Third place: Tianzun (Judgment God Domain), 2 hours, 18 minutes and 11 seconds]

...

Qin Feng took a cursory look, and there was a look of astonishment in his eyes.

This should be the ranking of all the achievements that have won the 'first-class star-lord' in the past!

The Heavenly Venerate who judges God's Domain is also on it.

However, Tianzun only ranked third!

Looking at the second-place sacrifice to the sky, it must be the big sacrifice to the sky in the mouths of Yingyin and others!

What he didn't expect was that there was a more powerful Rahu on top of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven and Heavenly Venerate!

That guy's performance is obviously better than Da Jitian and Tianzun!

With this in mind, Qin Feng began to count his achievements silently!

The time score on this monument is the sum of the time spent in the five levels, and then ranked.

Tiandao only counts the time spent in the level, and the time spent in the square is not counted.

The less time it takes, the better!

Soon, Qin Feng silently calculated his score, which was about 1 hour and 8 minutes...

This result is far better than that of Rahu!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a smile...

Then, he looked away from the stele and looked towards the top of the hall...

Seeing this, he was amazed!

I saw the endless starry sky above the main hall!

The starry sky is quiet and boundless!

And in the starry sky, there is an incomparably huge projection, which is the projection of the whip!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the void vibrated, and the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded above the hall...

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for stepping into the Temple of Supervision, this year's Star-Lord rankings will be counted in 1 hour! 】

[Reminder: This ranking only records the ranking results of the first-class Star Lord! Those with excellent grades can get extremely generous ranking rewards! 】

[Ranking rewards are divided into two categories! That is, the current ranking reward, as well as the total ranking reward! 】

[Reminder: After ranking statistics, rewards will be issued immediately! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised again!

There is a ranking reward!

And as long as this ranking is counted, the reward will be distributed on the spot!

He must be the number one this year!

As for the overall ranking, it is compared with all the first-class Star Lords in the past.

He is still number one!

That is to say, he will receive two kinds of generous rewards!

Opportunity comes again!

Qin Feng is very happy!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Opportunity Reminder: Player 'Qin Feng' was detected as a challenger, and received double the extra reward of the first-class Star Lord, meeting the requirements for activating special opportunities! 】

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng', you have automatically activated the challenge opportunity of 'Supreme Star Lord'! 】

[Reminder: If the challenge of 'Supreme Star-Lord' fails, players can continue to challenge 'Supreme Star-Lord'! If the Supreme Star-Lord challenge fails, players can continue to challenge the Super Star-Lord! 】

[Reminder: The Supreme Star-Lord Challenge will open the door to the secret realm after the opening of this "Star-Lord Ranking"! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Supreme Star-Lord Challenge! He finally activated!

However, the challenge will not start until the ranking starts to be counted!

This is in line with Qin Feng's thoughts!

He also wants to start the challenge after getting the ranking reward!

That way, he'll have a higher chance of completing the challenge...

"There is still 1 hour before the challenge will start! I just use this time to deal with that matter!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and it turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, he appeared in another place!

That is also a temple hall, the scene is extremely magnificent!

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked towards the sky above the hall, only to see an incomparably huge scroll suspended above it!

Its texture is like brocade, its shape is like imperial decree, and its size is comparable to a moon!

At this moment, the mysterious scroll is open, floating in mid-air, blooming with endless heavenly might!

At the top of the scroll, there are also three golden characters - Fengshen Bang!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Fengshen Bang (Qin Yuan Universe): A device of the Dao, no master can be recognized, only the master of the universe can control it! 】

[This list will automatically include the vacant gods in the universe. 】

Qin Feng laughed!

This is the Conferred God List of his own universe!

It turned out that he returned to Qin Yuan Universe!

Having said that, as soon as the creation of the Fengchan Heaven Monument was completed, he was promoted to the hard-core condition of a high-level substitute, and he completed another one.

Now, he is only short of being promoted to the master of the advanced universe, which is the last condition.

To be promoted to the master of the high-level universe, he needs to master thirty-six innate avenues, and he is still five short of it!