Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

However, now is not the time to think about those!

Having said that, the benefits of creating a Dao-level wonder of your own universe are far stronger than that of other universe wonders!

If you think about it, the Tao-level wonders of your own universe are completely mastered!

The recognition of the masters of other cosmic wonders can only be said to have borrowed part of the power, and the back-feeding is naturally limited!

Don't think about that anymore, he should also deal with Qin Yuan Universe!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly waved his hand!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, white light flashed in the hall!

One hundred thousand Longyuan disciples appeared out of thin air!

As soon as the disciples appeared, they all looked around!

"Hey! It's the boss!"

"Owner!"

Soon, everyone saw Qin Feng in the sky, and they came forward to meet with joy!

Liu Xuan was the first to fly to the front.

"Boss, why did you return to Qin Yuan Universe? By the way! Where is this place?"

Halfway through his words, he looked up, and soon saw the Conferred God List.

He immediately understood something, and his eyes suddenly showed surprise.

Below, everyone saw it and exclaimed!

"Oh my god! Look at it! That's the Conferred God List!"

"Huh! Really!"

"Great! The boss finally created the Conferred God List!"

"Haha! Then we can all be promoted to True God Realm!"

At this moment, Long Yuan was jubilant, looking extremely excited!

Qin Feng is also very pleased!

After a while, everyone suppressed their excitement and looked at Qin Feng eagerly!

Liu Xuan couldn't help but ask: "Boss, the list of conferred gods is out! Can you give us the position of conferred true gods?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Of course! The deity summoned you, just to consecrate you!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was overjoyed, and all of them flushed with excitement!

"Okay! Hurry up and meditate! I'll start the ceremony of conferring the gods!"

Qin Feng gave another order!

Everyone hurriedly acted, sitting cross-legged on the spot!

Liu Xuan also retreated to the ground and sat cross-legged!

When the disciples were ready, Qin Feng quickly started the seal!

hum~~!

Suddenly, the Conferred God Ranking, which is comparable to the size of the moon, lit up the sky!

The next second, one after another, the lotus pads of the gods flew out of the conferred gods list and automatically fell to the disciples!

For those lotus pedestals, some have eight petals, some have twelve petals, some have sixteen petals, and so on!

According to the talent and strength of the disciples, Qin Feng will give the highest possible god-level reward...

If the talent is not enough, some high-level gods, he can't even award the reward!

This is the difference between the Lord of the Universe and the Dao of Heaven!

The lord of the universe seems to be in a universe, omnipotent, but still under the control of heaven!

This is also the reason why Qin Feng is eager to become the Tao of Heaven!

It won't be long before Feng Chan is finished!

One hundred thousand children! One hundred thousand gods!

After all the disciples have merged into the **** position, their strength has soared, and the weakest has reached more than 200 million, which is the level of the main god!

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qishan and other outstanding children have reached more than 2 billion, which is the level of the Great Perfection of the Lord God.

In short, the strength of Long Yuan has soared again, and the whole has risen by a big grade!

In this regard, Qin Feng is also extremely satisfied!

These disciples have all been promoted to true gods, so his plan to cultivate a large number of star field masters can also be carried out!

At the moment, he took out more than 30 Taiqing Daojing and rewarded more than 30 outstanding ones.

Those Taiqing Daojings are all Taos that Qin Feng has learned. He does not need to refine them any more, and naturally uses them to train his subordinates.

Having said that, the talents of these children have reached the realm of true gods, and they have the ability to refine Taiqing Daojing!

This is the reason why they spend all their efforts to confer gods on them!

After more than 30 outstanding disciples have finished refining Daojing, Qin Yuan Universe will have more than 30 more star field masters!

In this way, there will be more than 50 star field masters in the Qin Yuan universe, and the cumulative combat power that can be fed back to Qin Feng will also reach more than 100 million stars!

Mosquitoes are meat no matter how small!

What's more, 100 million combat power is not a small sacrifice!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very much looking forward to it!

In this way, after he finished dealing with trivial matters, he left Qin Yuan Universe in a hurry!

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the Temple of Supervision again.

He checked the time, and there are forty minutes before the ranking reward will be issued!

He will have to wait a while longer!

correct!

Such a long time has passed!

Then Brahma should have passed the fourth level soon!

When he passes the fourth level, he will be rewarded with the second-class Star Lord.

That just happened to kill him again, and grab his second-class Star Lord's luck reward!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he suddenly thought of an interesting thing to pass the time.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he went straight out of the Temple of Supervision and returned to Taiyitian...

After entering Taiyitian, Qin Feng burst into the strongest momentum, suddenly reaching 17.9 trillion stars, and the horror reached the extreme!

Such a huge improvement is absolutely unexpected by Brahma!

Having said that, Qin Feng was too easy to change this time, but he didn't find the three demons before, and he didn't know where they went?

He didn't seem to completely kill the axe with that axe!

However, he was too lazy to tangle, and directly turned into a rainbow light, rushing towards the starting point of Tai Yitian...

His speed was much faster than before, and he disappeared into the depths of the foggy sea in the blink of an eye...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

Qin Feng quickly arrived at the starting point...

At the same moment, Tai Yitian, on the square at the starting point.

Jia Luo and Bai Zuzheng looked ahead with a stunned expression on their faces.

I saw that in that direction, Brahma accepted the second-class title reward with a gloomy face!

This time, he was the third one to arrive!

Jia Luo and Bai Zu surpassed him again!

This made Brahma extremely upset!

He knows that after obtaining the first-class Star-Lord, there is still a Star-Lord 5.7 ranking reward!

His strength is obviously far stronger than the two of Jia Luo, but after passing through the barriers, the results are not as good as the two of Jia Luo.

In this way, his Star-Lord ranking reward, I am afraid that he will be squeezed out by the two of Jia Luo.

As far as he knows, the Star-Lord ranking reward is extremely rich, the higher the ranking, the richer the reward!

The first-ranked reward this year is even more generous than the extra reward of the first-class Star-Lord!

As for the total ranking reward, it is even more unimaginable!

such a pity!

He was expected to win the first prize this year, but he was repeatedly killed by a cheap devil, which made his performance not comparable to the two of Jia Luo.

Soon, the rewards will be collected!

Brahma opened his eyes!

He glanced at the two of Jia Luo angrily, and then walked towards the sea of ​​fog in front of him!

Only the last level left!

I hope this time, I won't encounter that **** again!

Brahma prayed in his heart, took another deep breath, and rushed into the sea of ​​fog in front of him!

As soon as he left, the two of Jia Luo couldn't help but look at each other on the ground.

"Friend Jialuo, that guy is just weird! He is obviously better than us, why did he get a third place?"

"Yeah! I can't figure it out either! Forget it, don't think about it anymore! Let's follow him closely and see, maybe we can find out the reason!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Yes!"

As soon as the words fell, the two of Jia Luo rushed into the sea of ​​​​fog and followed closely.

But he said that after Brahma entered the sea of ​​​​fog, he began to flee at full speed, and he was still praying in his heart!

Don't meet scumbags!

Don't meet the jerk!

He is only one step away from the first-class Star Lord!

But the more you don't want to encounter something, the more you come!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the sea of ​​​​fog in front of him swelled sharply, and suddenly there was an earth-shattering roar!

Brahma was startled and even looked up!

When he saw it, he saw a celestial demon rushing out of the golden fog. It was the troll he had nightmared about!

Chapter 977 Continuous spikes! Crazy harvest!

"Damn!"

Seeing Qin Feng, Brahma turned pale with fright!

Boom~!

The next second, he turned around and fled straight to the starting point square!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also saw Brahma, and his eyes lit up.

Immediately, he saw Brahma turned around and ran away.