Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng suddenly laughed!

It seems that this guy is really afraid of him!

Having said that, Brahma is only hundreds of billions of miles away from the starting point of Taiyitian, and it takes less than a minute to get there.

He couldn't let Brahma escape back to the square!

That square is a safe zone!

If Brahma fled into the safe zone, he would not be able to kill him!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he chased away.

At this moment, Jia Luo and Bai Zu also arrived.

As soon as they arrived, they saw Brahma fleeing back in panic.

The two were stunned for one, and both were a little stunned!

Then, they saw that the mist was surging behind Brahma, and a troll rushed out of it.

At this moment, that troll was holding a giant axe and chasing after Brahma's ass!

This bizarre scene made the two of them stunned!

At the same moment, Brahma heard the sound of breaking the air behind him, and was so frightened that he lost his mind!

That **** really caught up!

It was at this moment that he saw the two of Jia Luo again, and couldn't help crying anxiously!

"You two! Quick! Quickly help me resist the demons! I will definitely thank you!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of Jia Luo couldn't help looking at each other on the ground.

Brahma actually begged them for help!

Isn't this guy very proud?

However, he actually said that there will be a reward!

"Fellow Daoist Caro, look at it"

Bai Zu was a little moved.

Caro hesitated a bit, as if he didn't dare.

"Two! After the demons have dealt with the deity, they will not let you go! It is the common enemy of our players!"

At this time, Brahma cried out for help again!

His last sentence moved Caro!

yes! The demons are the gatekeepers, so how could they let them pass the gate smoothly? !

"Let's do it!"

At the moment, Caro said solemnly.

As soon as his words fell, the two rushed to Brahma, ready to help Brahma!

Seeing Jia Luo and the two helping each other, Brahma is overjoyed for 20 days!

As long as these two can help each other, he has the hope of escaping back to the safe zone and avoiding this robbery!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the two of Jia Luo's rescue were approaching, and they were only 100,000 feet away from Brahma!

Seeing this, Brahma was extremely excited!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and Qin Feng suddenly teleported, went behind Brahma, and slashed towards him with an axe!

"Damn!"

Brahma was furious!

He wanted to avoid the axe, but the breath of his entire body was locked by the axe, and there was no way to avoid it!

At the moment, he had to bite the bullet, turned around and raised his sword to resist, and shouted loudly at the same time!

"Two! Come and help me!"

When the two of Jia Luo saw this, they were also very anxious, and they hurried to the place.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng slashed down with an axe, and the momentum of his whole body suddenly exploded, covering a radius of hundreds of millions of miles in an instant.

That momentum covered the sky and the earth, suddenly reaching 17.9 trillion stars, extremely terrifying! (Thanks to the book friends for reminding me that yesterday’s combat power was omitted, and the protagonist’s basic combat power was 8.51 trillion)

"this is"

Brahma's face was terrified, and his eyes were full of disbelief!

Gosh!

How long has it been? !

The aura of this **** has actually grown a lot stronger!

At the same moment, the two of Jia Luo also sensed the terrifying momentum, they were all stunned, and they couldn't help slowing down!

hum~~!

It was at this moment that the Heavenly Dao Axe lit up with a dazzling light!

Qin Feng activated the amplitude of the three-way device!

A critical strike is also activated at the same time!

Suddenly, the cold axe blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The next breath, the light flashes! Axe light passed!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That axe blade cut through the layers of space boundary walls, and cut off the backbones of every avenue!

The momentum of its strike suddenly reached 71.6 trillion stars, which is boundless!

Brahma was stunned once again, his mouth was wide open!

Gosh!

How is this possible? !

This monster's attack has increased again!

Swish~!

But before he thought about it, the axe light had already fallen!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

A burst of blood splashed!

A mournful roar echoed in the sea of ​​​​fog!

With just one axe, Qin Feng split Brahma in half, and even his soul body was destroyed!

In just one face-to-face, he killed Brahma in seconds, and his strength has improved too much!

Boom~!

Not far away, the two of Jia Luo were shocked and completely stunned on the spot!

Gosh!

Second kill half-step great consummation!

What level of strength is this?

Be the first-tier powerhouse of ‘Under Eternity’!

It is rumored that in this universe, under your eternal realm, there are five peerless powerhouses who can kill half a step of eternity and crush the same level!𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Those five powerhouses were also recognized as the most promising ones in this universe, who were promoted to the Eternal Realm!

They are also known as the first echelon of powerhouses under eternity!

Unexpectedly, the troll in front of him has also reached that level!

At this thought, the two of Jia Luo were horrified!

At this moment, Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the two of them!

When the two saw Qin Feng, they suddenly trembled with fear, and even held their breath!

But before they could think about it, Qin Feng suddenly slashed towards the two of them with an axe.

Swish~!

Axe flashes!

Sweep the void!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashed again and again!

Before the two of Jia Luo could even scream, they were killed in a row!

Qin Feng smiled and put away the giant axe!

These two guys wanted to help Brahma before, and he naturally wouldn't let them go!

It was at this moment that the corpses of the three Brahma were cracked inch by inch, and began to automatically disperse into starlight.

Qin Feng quickly pinched the seal and activated the secret technique

The invisible power of devouring instantly covered the audience

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Brahma, your luck value +4 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Bai Zu, your luck value +12,000 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Garo, your luck value +13,000 times]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's luck skyrocketed again and again!

After a while, his luck value soared to 520,000 times!

He is very satisfied with this!

At this time, the blood mist has dissipated!

Qin Feng is also a little unfulfilled!

However, there are still twenty minutes before the rewards for the Star-Lord ranking will be distributed!

He still went back to collect the reward first, and then went back and killed Brahma!

Brahma has died four times!

As long as one more kill, that guy will be eliminated!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Afterwards, he stopped wasting time and returned directly to the Temple of Supervision.

At the same moment, Tai Yitian was in the square at the starting point.

The three clusters of starlight converged into three human figures, and finally transformed into Brahma, Jialuo, and Baizu.

They are resurrected!