Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, there was an extra silver treasure chest in his hand.

At this point, he has four silver treasure chests in his hand.

In addition, he has four golden treasure chests.

As long as he gets another silver treasure chest, he can close a fifth golden treasure chest, and then a dark treasure chest.

Dark treasure chest!

He hasn't owned it yet.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

As long as he gets a silver treasure chest, he can immediately have a dark treasure chest.

But silver treasure chests are also rare, not so easy to get.

In the trading channel, he still has the last third-order item left - the Dust Shattering Sword.

I wonder if someone will exchange the silver treasure chest?

Qin Feng put away the silver treasure chest, a little unfulfilled.

Then, he glanced at the chat channel again, and found that the chat was very hot.

"Everyone, the regional channel is very lively! They are all discussing that Turgenev is going to be the village chief tonight."

"Yes! It's getting dark now, and the 'future village chief' mission is about to start again."

"Tonight, I don't know which villages will participate in this mission?"

"There are 10,000 districts in the entire Blue Star Realm. Even if a district has one village participating, there will be 10,000 villages!"

"Fuck! There are so many! If you don't analyze it, you don't know, but the analysis will scare people to death!"

"Haha! Upstairs, no matter how many people participated, I'm afraid that few people can pass."

"That's right! Those who were able to participate in the mission last night were all top experts. If they went to participate tonight, it would be a little worse. I'm afraid many people will fail!"

"I agree with this! If it's not good, some people will fall."

"By the way, do you think Turgenev will succeed?"

"It's hard to say! Although his strength is good, and he also received a gambling attribute reward, his strength is not necessarily as strong as Liu Xuan."

"That's right! However, I heard that he awakened an A-level talent, which is much stronger than Liu Xuan!"

"Everyone, the chat is very hot on the regional channel. Turgenev has entered the 'Lost Village'. Those people from the North Bear Country are so excited. Asan and Nanbang are flattering them!"

"I saw it! Even the people from the Lighthouse Country are flattering them. They are very optimistic about Turgenev, saying that the task of the village chief is very simple."

"Haha! I'm not optimistic about Turgenev. If the task was easy to do, it wouldn't take a hundred villages to complete the task last night."

"That's right! There are 10 million villages in the entire Blue Star Realm, and only over 100 villages were successfully established last night, and the probability is almost one in 100,000."

"I really don't understand! Why are those guys so sure that Turgenev can succeed. Not everyone can be as strong as Qin Feng's boss!"

"It's not that the guys in the west think that the task that we can accomplish in Longyuan Village is definitely not difficult, so they think that Turgenev can also do it."

"Haha! To put it bluntly, they still underestimate our Longyuan Village!"

"It's not good! There's another accident on the regional channel! Those idiots in the West are urging everyone not to do business with our village, saying that the price of our energy stones is too high."

"They said that after Turgenev completes the task, he can buy a power stone from village 44!"

"Damn it! Those **** things in the West are really troublesome!"

"Made! I'll be waiting tonight! Let's see if Turgenev can succeed. If Turgenev fails, we'll raise the price!"

"That's right! When the time comes, we'll raise the price! Give those dogs some color!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He has experienced the mission of the village chief and knows the difficulty of that mission.

Therefore, he is not optimistic about Turgenev.

Immediately, he quit the chat channel.

He didn't bother to pay attention to these trivial matters, just turned on the one-key return and disappeared into the wooden house.

In the next second, he appeared by the lava lake in Hell Mountain.

At this time, it was already night.

The night of Hell Mountain is dry and hot.

There was a strong smell of sulphur in the air.

In the lava lake, fire slurry spewed out from time to time, and it looked particularly bright red in the dark, like blood.

Qin Feng glanced around and walked along the lakeside towards Fentian Valley...

Half an hour later, he finally arrived at Burning Heaven Valley.

That Burning Heaven Valley is very huge, with a radius of dozens of miles.

There are three magma rivers in the valley, and fiery red magma is continuously rushing out of the valley.

At the mouth of the valley, there is a pile of rolling rocks, all of them are huge, densely packed, thousands of them.

As soon as Qin Feng stepped into the valley, the whole valley immediately moved.

Gollum~! Gollum~! Gollum~!

The three magma rivers were bubbling.

Immediately afterwards, one after another, white fireballs emerged from the magma river, floating in the air, densely packed, with tens of thousands of them.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next second, those white fireballs erupted with momentum, one after another turned into magma fire essence, there were tens of thousands of them, and two of them were fire essence kings.

Fuck it~!

Fire army!

The two Fire Essence Kings led tens of thousands of Fire Essences, their aura covered the sky and the earth, and they were extremely terrifying.

Qin Feng was surprised.

So much fire essence, for him, is a lot of energy value.

This time, he's going to level 15.

Whoo~! La~! La~!

But at this moment, the pile of rocks in front of him moved.

The thousands of cobblestones rolled together several by one, and then formed a stone man, standing up slowly.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Those stone people are all three feet tall.

When they stood up together, flames erupted from the joints, and flames lit up in their eyes, with an extremely astonishing aura.

Qin Feng quickly stared at it.

[Spirit]: Fire Rock Giant

[Level]: Level 17

[Combat evaluation]: 34 stars

[Characteristics]: Territorial guardian, good at defense

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 17%

what!

This is a level 17 sprite!

A level higher than fire essence!

Whoo~la~la!

At this time, all the fire rock giants in the field had stood up, and there were more than 3,000 of them.

One of them, more than ten feet tall, looks like a seven-story high-rise building, standing on the ground, and its momentum is extremely amazing.

Qin Feng looked quickly.

[Spirit]: Fire Rock King (king level)

[Level]: Level 17

[Combat evaluation]: 62 stars

[Characteristics]: Territorial guardian, good at defense, summoning.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

[Status]: Controlled

Huh~!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Level 17 king monsters have appeared.

Based on such a calculation, the Demon King of Inferno is likely to be level 18, which is one level higher than the Resentful Demon.

Having said that, at this moment, he was stared at by more than 10,000 monsters, and he was quite stressed!

Qin Feng couldn't help taking a deep breath and clenched the handle of the knife.

Obviously, the resources of Longyuan Village have doubled many times, which has doubled the number of these monsters and greatly increased the difficulty of the task!

If someone else does this task, I am afraid that this level will not be able to pass.

At the same time, the Fire Rock King and the two Fire Spirit Kings were looking at Qin Feng coldly.

It was this level 14 human who broke through the blockade of the Fire King at the magma lake.

It makes them incomprehensible!

A human who is only level 14!

Is it that strong? !

No matter what, the three of them are going to kill this human being completely today.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The three kings roared at the same time and gave the order to attack.

Boom~Long~Long~!

On the ground, more than 3,000 fire rock giants rushed towards Qin Feng immediately.

Suddenly, the valley shook, the earth shook, and a thunderous roar sounded.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

At the same time, in the sky, tens of thousands of fire spirits were also slaughtered.

Wherever the Huo Jing army went, the sea of ​​flames covered the sky and covered the earth.

At this moment, Qin Feng was surrounded and killed by the two major legions.

Heaven and earth!

Nowhere to run!

He quickly waved his hand and launched an ice storm.

Suddenly, the situation changes, the world changes color.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The next second, dark clouds covered the sky, and the cold wind whistled.