Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After this resurrection, Brahma looked at himself, and he really just got the luck reward and there is no more!

At this moment, the mourning sound of the two of Jia Luo came from the side.

"My God! My luck! My luck is gone!"

"So is the old man!"

At this moment, the two of Jia Luo were in grief and indignation!

When they reach their realm, they naturally know the magical effect of luck.

Without the blessing of luck, their strength and luck would be much worse!

After a while, the two of them recovered from their grief and anger, and couldn't help but look at Brahma.

Speaking of which, that terrifying troll was also attracted by Brahma!

Maybe this guy knows something!

With this in mind, the two of Kalo went to Brahma!

At this moment, Brahma is staring blankly at the sea of ​​fog ahead, his mind is blank!

He was still recalling the terrifying blow before the troll.

He couldn't imagine why every time he saw a troll, his strength increased a lot? !

Just then, footsteps sounded behind him.

Brahma couldn't help but turn his head, and saw the two of Jia Luo walking towards them with grief and indignation on their faces.

"Fellow Daoist, what happened to the previous troll?!"

Caro couldn't help but ask.

Brahma smiled bitterly: "Hey! I don't know this deity! However, this troll seems to be running around. It will appear once in every level!"

Jia Luo was taken aback: "It will appear in every level? Could it be before you?"

Speaking of this, Brahma and Bai Zu's eyes lit up, as if they had thought of something.

The next second, the two of them couldn't help but look at each other, showing a clear look.

It turned out that they thought that Brahma was stronger than them, but only took the third place many times!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Before, they couldn't understand the reason, but now they figured it out, it was the troll who did it!

With this in mind, Jia Luo asked earnestly, "Friend, does that troll really only appear once? Will it still be waiting for us in the sea of ​​fog?"

"Let's tell you this! This deity has encountered this troll in the previous levels. At most once in each level! If you enter the sea of ​​fog for the second time, you will not find it again!"

Brahma said his experience with a wry smile.

Jia Luo suddenly said, "So that's the case! I'll just say, why does fellow Daoist sigh every time!"

Brahma smiled bitterly: "Don't mention it! This time, the troll has appeared once in the fifth level, and it must not appear again. I will wait for the three of them to break through!"

"This"

The faces of the two of Jia Luo changed slightly, and they were a little scared.

Brahma sneered: "What are you afraid of? Anyway, this assessment will not really be dead! If you are killed again, you can be resurrected again! Besides, don't you want to get the first-class star-rank? If you can't get the first-rank star-rank, you won't get it. The next ranking reward!"

"Yes! There is a ranking reward after this!"

"That's right! Let's break through again! It won't really die anyway!"

The two of them were persuaded by this.

Brahma also breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, he thought of rushing to the Temple of Supervision as soon as possible so that he could get the first-class Star Lord reward.

Then he went to the end of Tai Yitian, specifically to stop Qin Feng, and he must not let the little thief get the first-class star!

Otherwise, his mission this time has failed!

Brahma did not know that his mission had long since failed.

530 The troll who killed him four times in a row was transformed by Qin Feng!

Of course, things have developed to this day, and Brahma is also completely afraid.

He has only one chance to break through!

If he is killed again, he will be eliminated.

For this reason, he had no choice but to go through the barrier together with La Jia Luo, so as to strengthen himself!

After a discussion among the three of them, they mustered up their courage and entered the sea of ​​fog again.

This time, the three of them were extremely cautious and trembling along the way!

The three did not dare to go too fast, so as not to make a big noise and startle the troll

After the three of them escaped for a few minutes in the sea of ​​​​fog, they found that the road was unobstructed, and there was no trace of the troll.

The three also gradually relaxed their hearts!

Brahma also became more and more convinced that his previous inference was correct.

That troll only appears once per level, not a second time

It seems that he won't have much problem with the 'First-Class Star Lord'.

In the same way, after he has won the Star-Lord reward, he can also rest assured at the Taiyitian finish line, specifically to stop the Qin Feng thief!

In short, his mission this time can still be successfully completed!

As long as he completes the task, Dajitian will give him rich rewards!

The thought of the reward made Brahma look forward to it.

Then, he looked behind him again, still muttering in his heart.

That Qin Feng thief really can't do it!

Even if he was repeatedly blocked by trolls, he was still the first three to get the first-class Star Lord.

But Qin Feng's child has never been seen, so his speed is not his strength!

To put it bluntly, Venerable Jie Yin still overestimated that little thief!

Thinking of this, Brahma sneered and continued on his way.

Up to now, he has not realized that the troll is Qin Feng!

At this moment, Qin Feng has already escaped to several trillion miles away.

After another seven or eight minutes, he returned to the Temple of Supervision.

At this point, there is still some time before the Star-Lord rankings are announced!

Qin Feng stood alone in the hall and waited silently!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour has passed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Also at this moment, a huge roar sounded in the sky above the secret realms of Taixutian, Taichutian, Taishitian, Taisutian, Taiyitian!

All the players were alarmed, and they all raised their heads and looked up at the void!

Tiandao is also at this moment, and there is a reminder

[Assessment reminder: After one minute, the current ranking of the first-class Star-Lord will be opened, and rewards will be issued immediately! 】

【Countdown: 65958】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, all the exam rooms were sensational!

Chapter 978 Continuous miracles! Number one in the overall list!

As soon as the reminder came out, all the exam rooms were sensational!

At this moment, Tai Yitian is in the assessment area.

Brahma, Jia Luo, and Bai Zu all heard the Heavenly Dao prompt.

"Lord Brahma, this year's Star-Lord ranking is about to be activated! I don't know what the first place will be rewarded?"

At this moment, Caro was full of excitement.

In his opinion, this year's first place is none other than him!

At least from the current results, he is ranked first, better than Brahma!

And when Brahma heard his words, his face changed slightly, and his mood was very unhappy!

His strength is obviously stronger than Jia Luo, how can he be inferior to Jia Luo?

correct!

He came all the way and never saw the troll again, so he must have been completely safe.

If that's the case, why does he need to be with Jia Luo again!

It's better to fight again, maybe you can win back the first place this year!

Thinking of this, Brahma looked at Jialuo and Baizu.

"Two, the ranking is about to open! The deity will be one step ahead!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Brahma's figure flashed, and he went straight to the finish line.

As soon as he accelerated, he left the two of Caro far away!

Caro was taken aback!

"not good!"

Immediately, he reacted, and he was in a hurry!

If Brahma performs well in the final round, he is still expected to win the first place.

He must not hand over this first place to Brahma!

Boom~!

In the next second, Jia Luo also flashed and chased after Brahma.

Bai Zu stared blankly at the backs of the two with a complicated expression.

With his current performance and speed, it is impossible to compete with the two, and he can only get the third place.

Having said that, he is a little envious of these two, they have a chance to win the first place!

However, he can't delay, it is better to get the ranking early!

Thinking of this, Bai Zu also chased forward.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In this way, Brahma and Jia Luo are in the thick fog, you chase after me, rushing to the finish line!

Both of them are working hard for the first place!

In their opinion, the first place this year will inevitably be born between them!

Even Bai Zu thought so!

The three did not know that Qin Feng had been waiting at the end for a long time.

How could the first place have their share!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Brahma and Brahma are competing fiercely!

The entire sea of ​​fog was violently tossing!