Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Brahma's speed is obviously faster than Jia Luo!

In less than a minute, he threw Garo hundreds of millions of miles away

This makes Caro anxious!

If his score in the last level is too much worse than Brahma, then he will probably lose the first place!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when Caro was anxious, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Assessment reminder: This year's 'First-Class Star-Lord Ranking' has been opened! 】

Boom~!

Ranking is finally open!

Jia Luo's heart became more anxious, and he accelerated his speed.

Brahma also increased his speed!

Rankings open!

It means that as long as you reach the finish line, you can get the ranking reward!

Brahma can't wait!

Not only between the two, but the contestants in other test areas were also in a commotion.

At this moment, thousands of players gathered in the square of Taichutian, all of them looking up at the sky.

In the crowd, Abel was suddenly among them!

At this time, there were constant discussions in the square.

"This year's ranking! It's starting so soon!"

"Yes! Everyone, you say, who will be the number one this year?"

"It must be Lord Caro!"

"That's right! It's Lord Jia Luo! He is the only half-step peak power this year." "!"

The crowd is talking!

Abel couldn't help laughing: "Oh! That's not necessarily! How do you know that among these players, there is no better than Jia Luo?"

Speaking of which, Abel was still proud.

He naturally thought of Brahma!

In his opinion, Brahma will definitely get the first place this year!

Having said that, Abel's luck is bad enough!

For some unknown reason, after he broke into the Absolute Beginning, he was targeted by the demons.

As soon as those demons saw him, they immediately let the other players go, all came to besiege him, and beat him to death!

Repeatedly, he has fallen 3 times!

This made his resurrection times only the last.

He no longer dared to break into the early days, but actually stayed in the safe area, waiting for Brahma to come back to rescue him!

It can be said that he put all his expectations on Brahma!

At the same time, he really couldn't figure out why he was being targeted by the demons.

Naturally, Abel didn't know that this was all caused by Qin Feng, so that he couldn't even get the fourth-class star-lord, so he had to wait for Brahma to help!

"Friend, Lord Jia Luo is the only half-step peak power this year! Who else do you think is stronger than him?"

At this time, a player couldn't help but refute Abel.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The corners of Abi's mouth are slightly raised, and she is about to open her mouth.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[Assessment reminder: The list of the first place will be announced now]

Boom~!

As soon as this tip came out, the audience was a sensation!

Oh my God!

The list is about to be announced!

The first place was born so quickly!

It must be Lord Caro!

I really did not expect that Lord Jia Luo arrived so quickly!

All the players came out with this idea!

Abel had another thought in his heart!

He thought it must be Lord Brahma!

Only Lord Brahma could reach the finish line so quickly!

Thinking of this, everyone held their breath, pricked up their ears, and listened to the announcement of the heavenly way

At the same time, in the Tai Yitian assessment area.

Brahma and Jia Luo have been standing there for a long time!

When Tiandao announced that the list of the first place was to be announced, the two of them were dumbfounded at the same time!

Publish the list? !

But neither of them made it to the finish line!

Did someone get to the finish line one step ahead of them?

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just when the two of Brahma were in a daze, the voice of Tiandao came.

[First place this year: Qin Feng, from the Blue Star Realm]

Boom~!

As soon as the announcement came out, Jia Luo's mouth opened wide!

Gosh!

There is really a player who is faster than him and Brahma!

Brahma is even more like being hit by five thunders!

He was completely dumbfounded!

The first place is actually Qin Feng!

how can that be?

In the process of breaking through the level, he never saw the little thief from beginning to end. When did that guy surpass the past?

He didn't notice it at all!

Even now, Brahma still thinks he heard it wrong!

On the other side, on the square of Taichutian!

Abel was even petrified on the spot, completely dumbfounded!

He thought that the first place was Brahma, but he didn't expect it to be their mortal enemy Qin Feng!

The players in the examination room were also shocked one by one!

They also didn't expect that the first name was actually an unfamiliar name, not the Lord Jia Luo in their minds!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of Tiandao resounded over the examination room again.

[This year's first prize is as follows]

[Reward player 'Qin Feng' + 300 million star combat power! 】

[Reward player 'Qin Feng' + 300,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward the player 'Qin Feng' + 30,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward player 'Qin Feng' + 30,000 merit points! 】

[Reward player 'Qin Feng' for randomly awakening 30 acquired avenues! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this announcement came out, all the exam rooms were sensational again!

This first-ranked reward is too generous!

You must know that the first-class Star Lord's reward contains only 100 million stars!

In such a comparison, the first-ranked reward is three times that of the first-class Star-Lord!

The players are envious!

At the same time, it was too easy, and the fog was deep.

Jia Luo has long been envious of the reward for the first place!

Brahma finally recovered, and his face became extremely ugly!

The first place is actually Qin Feng!

His mission was a complete failure!

But he couldn't figure it out, how did Qin Feng get the first place silently?

With that little thief's strength, he definitely shouldn't be stronger than him!

correct!

He was frustrated again and again because he was obstructed by the trolls!

Otherwise, he would have rushed to the Temple of Supervision a long time ago and won the first place this year, how could it be that Qin Feng's child is cheap? !

Thinking of this, Brahma is very angry!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao announced again

[Assessment reminder: The overall ranking of the player ‘Qin Feng’ is now announced]

As soon as this prompt came out, all the players held their breaths and pricked up their ears to listen.

They are very curious, what level will Qin Feng, the strongest player this year, be among the previous players?

Brahma also pricked up his ears and listened.

However, he was sneering in his heart!

Based on his understanding of Qin Feng, it would be good to be in the top 20 of the total list, and there would not be many amazing results.

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Announcement: Player 'Qin Feng' ranked first in the overall list]

What? !

Boom~!

When this prompt came out, all the players were stunned!

Brahma was also dumbfounded!

His mouth is wide open!

Soon, Tiandao sent another reminder