Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If he is allowed to grow up, he will not be able to repay the revenge of his domain master!

Thinking of this, Abel looked anxious!

At this moment, he can't wait to return to the Bright God Realm as soon as possible to inform the reception and Moses of the news, so that they can arrange a new plan!

But he was still stuck at the starting point of the second level, and it was impossible to report the information earlier.

Besides, he also has a huge task this time, and that is to win the first-class Star Lord!

In order to make him a first-class Star Lord, Bright God Domain has spent countless efforts on him!

If he fails, it will be a big blow to the Bright God Realm!

But

Abel looked at the thick fog outside the square again, and there was a hint of fear in his eyes.

He was really scared and didn't dare to go through the barrier again.

Every time, as soon as he rushed into the depths of the thick fog, he would be besieged by many demons, and he would not be able to pass this level at all!

correct!

Lord Brahma should get to the Temple of Supervision soon, right?

The help message he sent to Lord Brahma, it is estimated that Lord Brahma has also received it.

As long as Lord Brahma wins the first-class Star Lord, he will definitely come back to help him.

In short, the mission to intercept Qin Feng this time is a failure!

He couldn't let the second mission fail too!

With this in mind, Abel couldn't help but take a deep breath, praying in his heart that Brahma could reach the finish line sooner!

At this moment, the surrounding players gradually came to their senses from the shock!

At this moment, the players looked at each other, and they were all shocked!

"I didn't expect it! We actually got the first place in the overall list this year!"

"Yeah! Lord Qin Feng is too powerful! Not only did he win the first place, but he was more than twice as strong as the second place Luo Hu!"

"Tsk tsk!! Incredible! Really incredible!"

At this moment, the whole audience sighs!

All the players admire Qin Feng!

Abel heard those words in his ears, and he couldn't help frowning slightly, feeling very unhappy in his heart!

Qin Feng is the enemy of Guangming Divine Realm!

Naturally he didn't want to hear that someone touted Qin Feng!

That made him feel extremely harsh!

At this time, the crowd was muttering.

"Everyone, Mr. Qin Feng won the first place! Then the second place should be Mr. Jia Luo?"

"It should be like this! According to the old man's estimation, Lord Jia Luo is almost at the end!"

"Yeah! Let's wait and see! It's estimated that it won't be long before the new ranking tips come out!"

The crowd murmured again!

However, the corners of Abel's mouth were slightly upturned, and after glancing at everyone scornfully, he sneered in his heart!

This group of ignorant guys thought that Jia Luo would be the first!

He didn't have to guess to know that the second place must be Lord Brahma!

It is estimated that the ranking results of Lord Brahma will be announced soon.

As long as Lord Brahma wins the first-class star-lord, he also has the hope of getting the first-class star-lord!

With this thought, Abel looked at the sky and waited for Brahma to become the second!

He didn't know that Brahma had been killed by Qin Feng four times in a row!

If he dies again, Brahma will be eliminated on the spot, let alone win the next-level Star Lord.

In this way, Abel is silently waiting for Brahma's achievement!

At the same time, in the Temple of the Superintendent

Qin Feng has been receiving rewards

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, his momentum has been soaring wildly!

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour has passed!

That reward is finally over!

Everything is at peace!

Qin Feng also opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

"Hoo~! It's finally over!"

At this point, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and opened the panel to check the latest status.

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme

[Air Luck]: 650,000 times

【Reputation】: 5.14 million points

[Basic combat power]: 9.91 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 31

[Total number of avenues]: 1138

[Meritorious Value]: 370,000 points

After reading this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

Before he knew it, his combat power had reached 9.91 trillion stars!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This far exceeded his expectations!

And as a result, the chances of saving the Blue Star Realm have reached more than 99%!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng finally breathed a sigh of relief!

The boulder that was suppressed in his heart can finally be removed!

However, he can't completely relax!

Ninety-nine percent is not 100% after all, there is still a chance that it will be destroyed!

And the Blue Star Realm is his foundation in the Hongyuan universe, and it is also the only foundation, and it must not be damaged!

Therefore, he must be 100%!

If he wants to keep the Blue Star Realm 100%, his combat power must reach more than 10 trillion stars.

This is easy for Qin Feng to achieve!

Next, as long as he completes the challenge of 'Supreme Star Lord', his combat power will definitely exceed 10 trillion!

Boom~Long~Long~!

This thought came to me, the temple shook, and the voice of heaven came again

[Opportunity reminder: It is detected that the player 'Qin Feng' has received the ranking reward, and now the challenge of 'Supreme Star Lord' is started]

hum~~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the projection of the whip of the gods above the hall lit up with aura of light!

Immediately afterwards, on the whip, twenty-one, eighty-four faces, the talismans on each face lit up with aura, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

It's not over yet!

Om~! Om~! hum~!

At this moment, twelve special runes lighted up on the handle of the whip!

Every sigil is red, and the momentum is very mysterious!

Then, the twelve mysterious sigils, plus the previous eighty-four sigils, all cast a beam of light!

In the blink of an eye, ninety-six beams of light gathered together, forming a huge starry sky above the hall, leading to a mysterious place.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The door to challenge has been opened! Players are requested to enter the secret realm within ten minutes and start the challenge of "Supreme Star Lord"! 】

[Reminder: The power of ninety-six talismans can open the door of the Supreme Star Lord! 】

[Reminder: The power of ninety-two talismans can open the door of the supreme god! 】

[Reminder: The power of eighty-eight talismans can open the door to the special-class gods! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

Supreme Star-Lord Challenge!

It's finally turned on!

He has to get into it in ten minutes!

Otherwise, Tiandao will regard him as voluntarily giving up the challenge, automatically close the star gate, and then open the Supreme Star Lord challenge again

With this thought, Qin Feng plans to start the challenge

"Right! Brahma should get to the Temple of Supervision soon!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he thought of Brahma again!

Counting the time, Brahma is coming soon.

He has to kill that guy and knock him out completely.

For his enemies, he will not be soft-hearted.

Om~! Om~!

With this in mind, Qin Feng once again activated the Taoist device on his body and opened the Seven Killing Divine Body!

In just an instant, his aura soared to 287 trillion stars!

Qin Feng was shocked by such a huge change!

Ha ha!

The increase in his strength is too exaggerated!

It can be described as fiercer than ever!

I'm afraid that Brahma didn't even think of it!

Don't think so much, he has to hack Brahma to death in five minutes!

In this way, he can not delay the challenge of Supreme Star Lord!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly walked to 'Tai Yitian'

At the same time, in Taichutian Square.

Abel was still waiting anxiously.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and immediately took out a communication jade talisman from the storage ring and watched it carefully!

After reading this, his face showed ecstasy!