Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ha ha!

Lord Brahma is coming!

It turned out that Brahma actually sent him a message at this moment.

Brahma revealed to him that he would arrive at the Temple of the Superintendent in a minute.

At that time, Brahma will first find a way to destroy Qin Feng's special-class star-lord challenge, which should delay a lot of time.

So, Brahma told Abel not to worry too much!

Seeing this, Abel was naturally excited!

Because Brahma was finally reaching the end, he finally got a response from Lord Brahma.

"Friend, why are you so excited?"

At this moment, a player saw that Abel suddenly looked happy, and couldn't help asking curiously.

As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding players looked over curiously.

Abel smiled proudly: "As of now, the old man will tell you some exciting news! After one more point, the second place in this year's Star Lord will be born!"

"It came out after a minute? Fellow Daoist, how did you know?"

Abel said to himself: "The old man naturally has a way to know! In addition, the old man also knows who will be the second!"

"Hehe! That must be Lord Jia Luo!"

"That's right! We already guessed this!"

Abel sneered: "Haha! I'm afraid you guessed wrong this time! This time, the second place is definitely not Jialuo, but Lord Brahma!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was in a commotion.

"Lord Brahma?! My God! I heard the name of Lord Brahma, but I didn't see him enter the examination area this time!"

"Yeah! I didn't see Lord Brahma either!"

Brahma's name is very loud!

Many players in the field have heard it!

Only this time, Brahma changed his appearance, and no one recognized him.

Seeing this, Abel said proudly: "Master Brahma came in naturally! If you don't believe it, just wait for Tiandao to announce the list! In half a minute, the answer will come out!"

Hearing this, everyone looked at each other, and they were a little skeptical!

In the next second, everyone silently looked up at the sky, waiting for the announcement of the Heavenly Dao.

PS: It is the beginning of the month, and the little author asks readers for a monthly pass, thank you! .

Chapter 980: The Axe Destroys the True Spirit! Windfall!

At the same time, Tai Yitian was in the assessment area.

Brahma is traveling at full speed through the thick fog!

Sweat was dripping from his forehead!

In order to get to the Temple of the Superintendent earlier, he also tried his best.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up and he looked at him with surprise - ahead...

I saw that hundreds of millions of miles ahead was a huge square with a door of light in the center!

That is the entrance to the Temple of the Superintendent!

Ha ha!

He finally reached the finish line!

The second place this year is still his own after all!

Thinking of this, Brahma couldn't help but look back, the eyes were full of thick fog, and he couldn't see the figure of Jia Luo!

This made him feel somber!

Although he did not win the first place, it is not bad to have a second place!

correct!

What's wrong with the thief Qin Feng?

It is estimated that the special-class Star-Lord assessment has been activated!

Thinking of this, Brahma felt another burst of annoyance in his heart.

He has been very angry about Qin Feng getting the first place!

If it wasn't for the troll's obstruction, this first place should be his.

And Qin Feng will be blocked by him to death, he will never get a first-class star, let alone win this year's first!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Brahma rushed to the final square, with a sullen look on his face.

He was secretly hating that Qin Feng took his chance!

In his opinion, Qin Feng can get the first place this time, and there is a 90% chance that Tiandao has opened a small stove to the challenger!

He doesn't believe that the strength of a Lord God Realm can surpass him!

This time, he is going to enter the Temple of Supervision to find out!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Thinking of this, Brahma's speed increased by another point!

In a blink of an eye, he was only tens of millions of miles away from the final square...

At this moment, the light gate at the entrance of the square flashed, and a handsome and tall figure came out from the light gate!

Brahma hurriedly took a closer look, revealing the color of ecstasy!

Isn't this guy Qin Feng the thief!

How did he get out?

At this moment, shouldn't he be in the temple and activate the special star-lord challenge?

Did he fail to activate?

At this moment, Brahma has countless thoughts in his heart, but his eyes are getting brighter and brighter!

In his opinion, this little thief must have failed to activate the challenge, so he had to come out of the temple!

Come to think of it, this little thief is only the main **** realm, why can he activate a higher star-lord challenge? !

In this way, this little thief is not that powerful!

Since he met at this moment, he just killed this little thief, and let out a sullen breath in his heart!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Thinking of this, Brahma frantically killed Qin Feng...

At the same time, Qin Feng also saw Brahma!

The next second, I saw Brahma coming towards him...

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a playful look.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Knew it!

This Brahma doesn't know yet that the previous troll was transformed by him!

Therefore, this guy dared to take the initiative to kill it!

It's so good, he doesn't have to take the initiative to chase, just wait for this old thing to come to his door and die!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stood there, waiting for Brahma to come to the door!

This scene fell in the eyes of Brahma, and thought Qin Feng was afraid!

This suddenly made Brahma even more excited!

Ha ha! Everything is as he expected!

This little thief is not that strong at all!

Otherwise, how could he be deterred by his aura!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a few seconds, Brahma rushed over the square and was only a million feet away from Qin Feng!

At this moment, he has a ferocious face!

The jealousy in his heart was even more soaring into the sky, and he couldn't hold it back for a long time!

In the blink of an eye, the distance between the two sides narrowed again, but the distance was only ten thousand feet!

Brahma was flushed with excitement!

He only felt that Qin Feng was dumbfounded, where was he standing waiting for him to approach!

Now that they are far apart, he can finally make a move!

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

As soon as it was close to ten thousand feet, Brahma shot with all his strength!

Swish~!

The sword light flashed!

Brahma slashed with all his might and slashed towards Qin Feng's head!

The ten thousand zhang sword light soared into the sky, and the imposing manner was domineering!

At this moment, Brahma's face became extremely ferocious, and his eyes were full of madness.

He has to split the little thief in front of him in half to relieve the hatred in his heart!

In the blink of an eye, that sword slashed to the front!

At this moment, Qin Feng also shot!

huh~!

I saw a flash of blue light!

A giant axe suddenly appeared in Qin Feng's hand, and it lit up with the light of heaven and earth!

"Hey! This giant axe..."

As soon as Brahma saw the giant axe, he felt extremely familiar.

In the next breath, he was shocked all over, his eyes were horrified, as if he had thought of something!

Then, he looked at Qin Feng in disbelief...

It turned out that at this moment, he recognized the giant axe!

Isn't that the troll's weapon!

How could it be in Qin Feng's hands?

Is it...

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body erupted with momentum, and the momentum of 287 trillion was revealed!

Brahma's face changed greatly!

The whole person was frightened and pale!

Gosh!

This burst of momentum is actually stronger than the previous troll!