Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Is it really...

Om~!

But before he thought about it, the giant axe lit up with a dazzling light!

Taoist skills! A heart attack! Launch at the same time!

Qin Feng slashed away with an axe!

The axe blade that glowed with cold light immediately lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The next breath, the axe light passed by!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the axe blade passed, the space boundary wall was fragile, like an egg shell, being cut open inch by inch!

The attack momentum of that axe has reached 83.5 trillion stars, and the terror has reached the limit of the universe!

Oh my god~!

Brahma instantly sensed the axe's imposing manner, and was so frightened that he lost his mind!

But all this is too late!

The axe's momentum covered the sky and the earth, locking him firmly!

Swish~!

Axe flashes!

The axe slashed and fell!

"No~~!"

Brahma screamed in despair!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split Brahma in half with one axe!

Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, the sound of the disintegration of the soul body was heard in the blood mist!

That axe not only split Brahma, but also split Brahma's soul!

Poof~!

But in the next breath, there was another soft sound from the disintegrating soul fragment!

Qin Feng clearly sensed that the true spirit hidden in the soul was also destroyed by an axe!

He was stunned for a moment!

He was also the first time to annihilate the true spirit of ‘Brahma’!

Previously, as long as Brahma's soul body collapsed, he would be passed down by the Tao of Heaven and his true spirit would be revived!

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng's attack this time was too powerful, and he shattered his true spirit with one ax...

Before he could think about it, the field suddenly changed!

The broken true spirit fragments began to condense with each other, and one complete Taiqing Daojing was taking shape...

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[You smashed Brahma's true spirit, and its true spirit fragments condensed Taiqing Daojing (holy)]

[You smashed Brahma's true spirit, and its true spirit fragments condensed Taiqing Daojing (wisdom)]

...

In a blink of an eye, the blood mist in front of you all dissipated!

All the soul fragments disappeared!

90% of the true spirit fragments also disappeared out of thin air!

Only 10% of the true spirit fragments condensed thirteen Taiqing Dao crystals, which were quietly suspended there...

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent another reminder!

[Reminder: If you kill the true spirit of the contestant in the assessment, you can get 10% of the avenue! The eliminated players will also lose the avenue]

Boom~!

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng suddenly realized and was pleasantly surprised!

He didn't expect that such a rule was hidden in this assessment.

Never heard of it before!

Come to think of it, who can destroy a player's true spirit in the past?

Those who have true spirits are at least half a step of eternal power!

To destroy the true spirit, one must have the strength to kill the true spirit in seconds.

As long as it can't be killed with one blow, its true spirit will be teleported away by the way of heaven...

How many people can have such strength?

Qin Feng happens to have such terrifying strength!

Thinking of this, he quickly waved his hand and inhaled 13 Taiqing Daojing into his hands.

With just a glance, a look of joy appeared on his face.

Among the 13 Dao Crystals, there are 9 Dao Dao that he did not understand.

This time, he made a lot of money again!

On the contrary, Brahma has suffered a heavy loss!

Brahma has fallen five times and has already been eliminated!

Not only did he not get the first-class Star Lord, but he also lost 13 avenues, which is miserable!

Qin Feng smiled and sent the newly obtained 13 Taiqing Daojing into the center of the universe.

Afterwards, he looked into the depths of the thick fog with a little bit of interest!

Now that he has discovered this rule, if he kills other players, can he also get some Taiqing Daojing!

Unfortunately, time is running out!

It's time for him to take part in the Supreme Star-Lord Challenge.

With this in mind, Qin Feng gave up the idea of ​​killing other players.

After all, the challenge of the Supreme Star Lord is more important than the acquisition of Dao Crystal!

What's more, other players don't have a grudge against him, so just let them go!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned around and walked towards the Temple of Supervision...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky suddenly shook!

Is Tiandao going to make another announcement?

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop!

At the same moment, the vibration of the sky resounded in all the test areas...

All the players were shocked!

At this moment, the square of Taichutian!

The players looked up to the sky!

There was a murmur from the crowd!

"Everyone, Tiandao is moving again! It must be the second place this year!"

"Yeah! The second place is finally coming!"

At this moment, all the players seemed very excited.

They want to know who will be the second place this year.

In the crowd, Abel was so excited that his eyes lit up!

Heaven is moving!

Count the time, exactly one minute has passed!

That was the time when Lord Brahma entered the Temple of Supervision!

Obviously, Tiandao is going to announce that 'Lord Brahma' won the second place.

Thinking of this, Abel became more excited and looked forward to the announcement of Tiandao!

Boom~Long~Long~!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Announcement: Player ‘Brahma’ has fallen 5 times and will be eliminated immediately! The final result of the contestant ‘Brahma’ – the second-class Star Lord]

Boom~!

When this announcement came out, all the players were stunned!

All the test areas were in an uproar!

Abel was even more dumbfounded!

The whole person was dumbfounded, and instantly petrified on the spot!

The square was also dead silent!

It was as if the air had frozen!

After a long time, everyone calmed down and looked at each other face to face!

"I didn't expect it! Lord Brahma is really here!"

"Yeah! I didn't expect that he only got a second-class Star Lord and was eliminated!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience sighed!

One by one, they shook their heads secretly, as if they couldn't believe it.

At this time, Abel also slowed down.

His eyes were blank, and he seemed a little lost!

This... what the **** is going on here?

Lord Brahma is a half-step Great Perfection existence!

How could he be eliminated early? !

Can't figure it out! This is really incomprehensible!

At this moment, Abel felt sad and angry, and even a little desperate.

He originally pinned all his hopes on Brahma, but he never imagined that this would be the result!

In this way, he is afraid that he will not be able to complete the task of obtaining the first-class Star Lord!

The more Abel thought about it, the more desperate he became!

At this time, there were some muttering sounds all around.

"Everyone, let's act too! Even Lord Brahma has failed, what are we still waiting to see? Anyway, what should fail will fail in the end! What should be fought must be fought!"

"That's right! We can't waste any more time! Give it a try!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone responded!

The fall of Brahma seems to have stimulated them and made them go out of their way.