At the moment, the square was crowded with people.

Hundreds of players poured into the sea of ​​fog ahead…

Abel's heart moved!

Everyone has left, why is he hesitating?

He just mixed with everyone, maybe he could pass this level!

With this in mind, Abel followed the crowd and walked into the sea of ​​​​fog...

In just a moment, hundreds of players entered the sea of ​​fog together...

Abel was in the middle of the crowd, and was glad for his clever trick!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Thousands of dark shadows flashed over and surrounded the players!

Everyone was shocked and looked at the shadows.

Seeing this, their faces changed greatly!

I saw those black shadows, it was the guardian angel of this level!

It turns out that the army of demons has been hiding in the sea of ​​fog at the exit of the square, waiting for the players to come in!

Surrounded by this, the players panicked!

At this moment, a sky-reaching troll flew out of the demon, and the momentum on his body suddenly reached the half-step eternal level!

That is the demon leader of this level - Ye Luo!

As soon as Ye Luo appeared, his aura enveloped the audience!

The players suddenly held their breaths and panicked!

Before they could think about it, Ye Luo's eyes turned to the crowd, and finally fell on Abel!

As soon as he saw Abel, his eyes lit up!

Ha ha!

The target has appeared again!

At the moment, it pointed at Abel and made a hoarse sound.

"This old man stays! You wait for the humans to leave quickly!"

Boom~!

Hearing this, the players were both surprised and delighted!

In the next second, all the players scrambled to escape...

Abel is desperate!

The previous scene is repeated again!

He is being targeted by these demons again!

At the moment, he couldn't hold it any longer, and roared at those demons!

"Why?! Why did you all besiege the old man as soon as the old man left the safe area?"

"Why are there so many players, you demons don't stop it! Just stop the old man?"

"What did the old man do wrong? Why did you treat the old man like this?"

At this moment, Abel was furious!

He felt so unfair!

These demons are clearly intentional!

He didn't know that all this was done by Qin Feng!

These demons are intentional!

Before Abel finished venting, Ye Luo became impatient.

"Go!"

As soon as it waved its hand, all the demons rushed towards Abel.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, there was an earth-shattering sound of fighting and explosions in the arena!

"You...you~! No~~! Ah~~~!"

Abel also continued to let out a shrill roar!

When the runners who escaped heard the roar, their faces turned pale with fright, and they ran away even faster!

At this moment, they just want to stay away from the battlefield, so as not to implicate themselves...

At the same moment, Taiyitian's end point is in the square!

Qin Feng is looking at the sky in surprise.

Just now, he heard the Tiandao announcement, announcing that Brahma was eliminated.

Until this time, he didn't know that as long as the players who won the Star Lord were eliminated in the assessment, Tiandao would announce the information.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng smiled and felt inexplicably comfortable!

Afterwards, he ignored the trivial matters and continued to walk towards the front door of light...

After a while, he broke through the gate of light and returned to the hall of the Temple of Supervision.

At this moment, Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the Gate of Starry Sky above the hall...

Entering this gate of starry sky, he can open the challenge of the 'Supreme Star Lord'.

With this in mind, Qin Feng is ready to act...

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the sky shook, and a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came again...

[Announcement: Player 'Abel' has fallen 5 times and will be eliminated immediately! The final result of the contestant 'Abel' - the fifth-class Star Lord! 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was overjoyed! righteous.

Chapter 981 Shocked the audience! Bright willows!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was overjoyed!

Great!

Abel was also eliminated!

In this way, his enemies have been eliminated, and he can go to the assessment with confidence.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled slightly, stepped forward, and reached the star gate in an instant.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he got in...

Upon entering the gate of the starry sky, Qin Feng is in front of a long starlight tunnel leading to a mysterious place.

Immediately, he flew forward along the starlight tunnel...

At the same time, outside the secret realm.

Bright God Realm, in the discussion hall.

Jie Yin, Shiva, and Moses are discussing this Star Lord assessment.

At this moment, Jie Yin said with a smile on his face: "You two, count the time, Brahma should get the first-class Star Lord now, right?"

Moses nodded with a smile: "With the strength of Lord Brahma, it should be time to rush to the Temple of Supervision. Next, let's see how he stops the thief Qin Feng!"

Shiva also smiled and said: "There is Brahma! Qin Feng's child will definitely not be able to get the first-class Star Lord! At that time, he will be very desperate!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them all showed schadenfreude smiles!

Even the surrounding **** kings smiled knowingly.

They are full of confidence in Brahma's strength!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before they were happy, outside the hall, there was the sound of the starry sky shaking!

Everyone was shocked!

Jie Yin, Shiva, and Moses all raised their heads, their eyes penetrated the temple, and looked at the starry sky outside the temple.

"Hey! This is..."

Seeing this, the three of them all showed strange expressions.

Shiva frowned: "Go! Go out and see!"

huh~!

As soon as the voice fell, he teleported and disappeared into the hall out of thin air.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Seeing this, everyone moved away.

In the next second, above the temple of discussion, white light flashed continuously, and figures appeared out of thin air!

Shiva, Jie Yin, and Moses all appeared.

After the three of them, hundreds of **** kings followed.

At this moment, everyone looked up to the sky...

I saw that above the sky, the starry sky vibrated, and the roar continued...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, above the starry sky, a dazzling white light lit up!

A huge gate of starry sky is slowly opening, and it exudes a unique secret atmosphere!

Seeing this, everyone was stunned!

Moses even exclaimed: "This seems to be the gate of the starry sky leading to the Daluo Heavenly Realm! Why did the gate of this secret realm suddenly open? Could it be that the Star Master assessment is over?"

Jieyin frowned: "This is absolutely impossible! There are still twenty-seven hours before the end of the star master assessment, and it is not over so early!"

Moses was even more surprised: "Then... Then why did the star gate open in advance?"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the star gate opened completely, revealing a white starry sky channel...

Everyone can't help but look up and stare at the passage...

The next second, a white light flew out of the passage and landed in front of everyone.

As soon as the white light fell, it turned into a figure, and suddenly it was Brahma!

"Hey! Lord Brahma!"

"It's fellow Daoist Brahma!"

As soon as the three Moses saw Brahma, they went to meet them one after another...

After they got close, they realized that Brahma had a lost look on his face, and his eyes were a little empty...

Moses was stunned!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Li Yin quickly asked, "Fellow Daoist Brahma, why did you come out earlier?"

Shiva was also curious: "Yeah! It stands to reason that there are still more than 20 hours before the Star Master assessment will end. Why did you come out earlier?"

After this inquiry, Brahma recovered from his loss.

He focused his eyes again, and looked at the three Shiva with a bitter look on his face.