Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The three also looked at him eagerly, wanting to know the answer.

The surrounding gods also showed curiosity.

After a long time, Fan Tiantian smiled bitterly: "Three! Fan Mou is ashamed! I was eliminated early!"

What? !

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, everyone was shocked!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

After a while, everyone calmed down.

Jie Yin couldn't believe it and said, "Fellow Daoist Brahma! What are you kidding? With your strength, how could you be eliminated in advance?!"

Shiva also said: "Yeah! Brother Brahma, did something special happen and you came out ahead of time! And you just want to make a joke with me?"

"Yes! Lord Brahma, your joke is not funny!"

Moses quickly agreed.

Up to now, the three of them still don't believe that Brahma has been eliminated.

Not only are they unbelieving, but the surrounding god-kings are also suspicious.

Brahma smiled bitterly, knowing that it would be useless to talk too much.

With a flip of his palm, a golden token appeared in his palm...

Everyone stared at each other and saw the words 'Second-Class Star-Lord' engraved on the front of the token!

Boom~!

After watching this, everyone was shocked again, and they could hardly believe their eyes!

Gosh!

Lord Brahma actually only took the second-class Star Lord!

Isn't it easy to win a first-class Star Lord with his strength? !

Why did he only get a second-class Star Lord?

Could it be that Lord Brahma was really eliminated? !

Thinking of this, the whole place became extremely quiet!

It seems that the air is a little frozen!

Thinking about it, in this star master assessment, those who are eliminated will be eliminated from the secret realm in advance, and they will lose the opportunity to use their merit points to exchange resources at the 'merit pavilion'.

Only players who have completed five levels and won the first-class star-lord are eligible to exchange merit points for resources.

Brahma only got the second-class Star Lord, and he was obviously eliminated early!

The facts are in front of them, and they have to believe it!

After a long time, Venerable Ying Yin said.

"Fellow Daoist Brahma, what happened? Could it be that you violated the rules set by the Tao of Heaven and were eliminated from the competition?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's eyes lit up, and they felt that it was very possible.

Only this possibility can explain why Brahma was eliminated early.

Up to now, these guys have not suspected that Brahma was killed by Qin Feng.

Seeing everyone's earnest eyes, Brahma smiled bitterly, feeling very uncomfortable in his heart.

However, he still had to tell the truth to everyone.

At the moment, he sighed: "Hey~! Fellow Daoist said wrong, I didn't break the rules and got out!"

Xie Yin said in surprise: "You didn't violate the rules? Then you were besieged by a group of powerful demons?"

Brahma smiled wryly and shook his head: "That's not the case! I am..."

Just as he was about to tell the truth, the mutation in the field regenerated!

huh~!

I saw another white light that flew out of the star gate and landed in front of everyone, turning into a white-haired old man!

"Hey! Abel!"

"It's Lord Abel!"

As soon as the old man appeared, Moses and the king of the gods exclaimed.

Brahma also looked at Abel in amazement!

He didn't seem to have expected that Abel would come out earlier.

At this time, Moses asked anxiously, "Abel, why did you come out earlier?"

As soon as these words were asked, the kings of gods also looked at Abel, and their eyes were full of unease.

This time, in order to cultivate a first-class star master, Bright God Domain spent a lot of resources and effort on Abel.

If Abel fails, it will be a big blow to the Bright God Realm!

After all, they are only a medium-sized star field, which cannot be compared with those large star fields and super star fields, and the loss of resources cannot be afforded...

In this way, everyone in the Bright God Realm looked at Abel anxiously, hoping not to bring bad news.

But not wanting, Abel looked at Moses with a wry smile.

"Hey! Lord Moses, the subordinates are incompetent! The subordinates were eliminated early and failed to get the first-class Star Lord!"

"what?!"

Boom~!

Moses was shocked and his face was extremely ugly!

The kings of the gods are also gloomy!

Although they had already guessed the result, it was still difficult for them to accept the answer after hearing the answer with their own ears.

After a while, Moses came to his senses.

He smiled wryly: "Hey! Abel, so you can only get a second-class Star Lord?"

Hearing this, Abel looked strange, and felt more ashamed in his heart.

After hesitating for a while, he took out the Star Master token with an embarrassed look on his face...

Everyone hurriedly looked at the token...

I saw that the front of the token was clearly engraved with the four characters of 'fifth-class star-lord'!

Boom~!

After watching this, Moses felt like being hit by five thunders, his whole body trembled, and his expression suddenly became decadent.

Gosh!

Abel actually only took another fifth-class star-lord, which was the worst among the star-lords!

The king of the gods is also pale!

Even Lian Yin and Shiva swallowed their saliva, and there was a touch of sympathy in their eyes!

How miserable!

The dignified God King Dzogchen has only one fifth-rank Star-Lord, this result is really miserable!

This time, Guangming Divine Realm has suffered a big loss!

With this in mind, the two of them sympathized with him.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the starry sky shook!

The gate of the starry sky closed again.

Moses was relieved from the blow!

"Hey! That's all!"

He sighed and looked at Abel with a decadent look on his face.

Abel also bowed his head in remorse!

"Abel, tell me! How did you get eliminated?"

Hearing this, Abel smiled bitterly: "Sir, it's the truth! My subordinates don't know the reason. Every time I break into the Absolute Beginning, I am targeted by the demons in that test area."

"Those demons are not aimed at other players, they are all aimed at their subordinates! How can the subordinates be the opponents of all the demons? I was besieged to death by them again and again, and finally I was out early!"

Speaking of this, Abel's face was full of grief.

To this day, he still didn't understand what was going on.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Moses also frowned: "Only for you?! That's really weird!"

At this time, Jie Yin also looked at Brahma

"Fellow Daoist, are you in a similar situation, being targeted by all the demons, and they joined forces to besiege?"

Brahma smiled bitterly: "I'm different from him! The deity was not eliminated by the demon! I was eliminated by Qin Feng!"

What? !

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked once again as if they were struck by lightning!

Immediately, Moses exclaimed: "Master Brahma! What are you kidding? That Qin Feng has the strength to eliminate you?"

"Yeah! If the deity's expectations are not bad, Qin Feng is now in the main **** realm at most! A main **** realm can eliminate you!"

"That's right! This deity has fought against that little thief! That little thief is only half of his peak strength, so it is absolutely impossible for him to be your opponent! How could he have eliminated you!"

Shiva and Jie Yin joined in.

In particular, the tone of the Venerable Reception was extremely firm, as if he did not believe Brahma's words at all.

After all, it was only a few days ago that he and Qin Feng fought!

He can't believe that in just a few days, Qin Feng can progress to the level of eliminating Brahma!

Brahma smiled bitterly: "Everyone, is it necessary for this deity to be joking now?"

At this time, Abel hesitated for a moment and said, "Several adults, I think Vanderbilt is a fact. Before I was eliminated, the thief Qin Feng won the first-class Star Lord and won the first place this year!"

What? !

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

Eyes wide open!

Brahma is smiling bitterly!

After a while, the people who received the lead and waited for them to relax.

Afterwards, Xie Yin swallowed his saliva and said with a bitter expression, "I didn't expect it! That little thief was able to get the first place this year!"

Brahma also smiled bitterly: "Not only the first place this year? He also won the first place in the headquarters!"

Boom~~!

Everyone was struck by lightning again, and they were all shocked and dumbfounded!

Gosh!

This time, the news brought back by the two Brahma is more exciting than the other!

They have been shocked, their hearts can't take it anymore!

After a long time, Venerable Jie Yin also breathed a sigh of relief.

He looked at Brahma with a very solemn expression: "Fellow Daoist, then Qin Feng's child really won the first place in the headquarters?!"