Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Brahma nodded with a wry smile: "It's true!"

Hearing this, he couldn't help but take a deep breath: "Hey~! I really didn't expect that! That little thief has made such rapid progress that he actually won the first place in the headquarters, breaking the record of Lord Rahu! By the way, that little thief How many seconds faster than Lord Luohu?"

Hearing this, Brahma and Abel both showed strange expressions.

Then, the two couldn't help but look at each other.

The next second, Brahma said, "Fellow Daoist, do you know the achievement record created by Lord Rahu?"

Jie Yin briefly recalled and said, "If the deity remembers correctly, Lord Luo Hu's score was 1 hour, 53 minutes and 16 seconds. Could it be that the little thief also reached about 1 hour and 53 minutes?"

Brahma smiled bitterly: "Fellow Daoist, you underestimate that little thief! His score is 56 minutes and 12 seconds!"

Boom~!

This is too shocking, the audience is completely cracked!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

The field became dead silent!

It's as if time has stood still!

I don't know how long has passed, a icy wind blew through, and everyone's clothes were blown away!

Until this time, everyone gradually calmed down.

Everyone stared blankly at the starry sky, unable to speak for a while.

After a long time, there were a few sighs in the field.

"Hey! No wonder Da Zhaitian is so eager to kill the little thief. It turns out that the little thief's talent is so terrifying!"

Shiva is so sorry!

Jie Yin also took a deep breath and said, "Yes! The potential of that little thief is too terrifying! By the way, fellow Daoist Brahma, what realm is that little thief?"

"Master God Realm!"

Jie Yin nodded slightly: "As expected! Back then, Luo Hu, Da Jitian, and Tian Zun were all in the God King Realm. Qin Feng, the little thief, was in the God Realm, and he surpassed those three, which was better than we expected. It's terrifying!"

Shiva nodded: "That's true! But, fortunately, he is not at a high level now, so we can take care of him! If we wait for him to grow to the half-step eternal realm, I am afraid that the big sacrifice gods will not be able to take him!"

Nodding one after another: "That's true! By the way, this matter is very important! I have to inform Lord Jitian of this news! 5.7"

As soon as the words fell, Venerable Jie Yin hurriedly took out a communication jade talisman and sent the latest information to Da Jitian.

Shiva and Brahma didn't dare to disturb, they all waited silently.

Although both of them are half-step Great Perfection existences, they are vulnerable in front of the Eternal Realm!

Da Jitian can easily crush them with just one finger!

From the half-step eternal breakthrough to the eternal realm, that is a qualitative leap, and it is also an insurmountable gap!

It didn't take long for Venerable Jie Yin to send the message, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Seeing this, Brahma smiled bitterly and said, "Fellow Daoist, I'm ashamed this time! My mission failed, Master Jitian must be very disappointed, right?"

Speaking of which, Brahma's expression was a little lonely.

Succession quickly consoled: "Fellow Daoist, don't blame yourself! Your mission failed, but it doesn't mean we failed. In fact, we have a second set of plans!"

"There is a second set?" Brahma was surprised.

He nodded: "That's right! Our second plan is to go to the Azure Dragon Star Region and destroy the foundation of Qin Feng's little thief - the Blue Star Realm!"

"Without the Blue Star Realm, even if the little thief gets the first-class star-lord, he can't get involved in the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master. If he can't get that inheritance, Da Jitian will have a way to kill him!"

Having said that, Ying Yin looked proud.

Then, he looked at Brahma again: "That's right! Fellow Daoist, it's not a bad thing for you to come back from this failure! We were worried that this time we attacked the Azure Dragon Star Region, and we lacked strength."

"You came back early this time, just to join us in attacking the Azure Dragon Star Region, then we will have a greater grasp of the foundation of destroying that little thief!"

At this reminder, everyone's eyes lit up.

Moses was even more pleasantly surprised: "Yes! If Lord Brahma joins, it will be easier for us to destroy the Blue Star Realm!"

Brahma is also full of surprises!

He didn't expect that he would still have a chance to take revenge!

This is really another village! .

Chapter nine hundred and eighty second five absolute powerhouses! Twelve emperors!

Immediately, Brahma couldn't wait to say: "That's great! Pick up your fellow Daoist! When am I waiting to leave?"

At this moment, he couldn't wait.

He can't wait to destroy the Blue Star Realm earlier and take revenge on Qin Feng!

That little thief ruined his chances of being a first-class star-lord, as well as his chance to be ranked, how could he not hate it!

Seeing that Brahma is so active, Ying Yin also showed joy on his face.

He was still a little worried about Brahma's timidity, so he withdrew.

Now it seems that he thinks too much.

With this in mind, the venerable received a smile and said, "Don't be in a hurry, fellow Daoist! We have to wait for one more person!"

Brahma was a little anxious: "Want to wait? With the strength of my waiting, I am afraid that I will not be able to attack the Azure Dragon Starfield? Besides, the Qin Feng thief is trapped in the secret realm. opportunity!"

He nodded his head: "Without the Qin Feng thief, the Azure Dragon Star Territory is indeed vulnerable! However, I can't be too careless! It's better to be foolproof and not give the Qin Feng thief another chance to breathe!"

Shiva also said: "Fellow Daoist Brahma, don't worry! We have already planned to launch an attack on the Blue Star Realm half an hour before Qin Feng comes out! When Qin Feng comes out, the Blue Star Realm will definitely be gone. no longer exists!"

Only then did Brahma breathe a sigh of relief: "That's good! What this deity is most worried about is that it drags on for too long. When Qin Feng comes out, it will be troublesome!"

Before you know it, Brahma has been extremely afraid of Qin Feng!

Although he was in Taiyitian, his strength was suppressed by Taiyishawu and he was unable to exert his full strength, but Qin Feng's attack power was indeed terrifying!

Even if there is no suppression by the fog, he can't resist Qin Feng's blow!

so. In the outside world, he did not dare to meet Qin Feng again. "

Right here, I received a feeling from Venerable Yin, and once again took out the communication jade talisman from the storage ring and checked it...

Brahma, Shiva, and Moses all looked at him.

After a while, the receptionist finished reading the information, and his face showed joy.

Shiva hurriedly asked, "What's the matter with the Daoist friend?"

Jie Yin smiled and said, "I got a good news 20! In half an hour, fellow Daoist Vishnu will arrive!"

"What? Daoist Vishnu will be able to arrive so soon?"

"Yeah! This is an hour faster than expected!"

Shiva and Moses both had bright eyes.

Brahma was also surprised and delighted: "Haha! It turns out that the people waiting for Daoist friends are all Vishnu! That guy is also a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse!"

Jie Yin smiled and said: "If it is weak, how can this deity waste time! Having said that, the fact that fellow Daoist Vishnu can arrive early will be of great benefit to our next plan! Maybe we can start an hour earlier!"

Brahma was overjoyed: "Great! The sooner this matter, the better!"

Moses also said happily: "When Lord Vishnu arrives, then I will have three half-step great consummation, one half-step peak, one quasi-half-peak peak, and hundreds of **** kings. Such strength, That should be enough!"

He took a deep breath and said, "Not enough! When we go to the Azure Dragon Star Region this time, we will pass through the Dark Demon Region! The deity intends to invite the Dark Region Master to join, and that guy is also a half-step peak power!"

Hearing this, Moses' expression changed slightly.

The Dark Demon Realm and the Light God Realm have hatred!

This time, Venerable Jie Yin actually wanted to invite the Lord of the Dark Domain, and the meeting between the two parties would be extremely embarrassing.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Seeing this, I quickly consoled: "Moses, this deity knows that you are not dealing with the Dark Demon Realm! Now that the Lord of the Light Realm has fallen, I am afraid that you are not the opponents of the Dark Demon Realm!"

"This deity came forward to invite the Dark Domain Lord this time, and also wanted to resolve the enmity between you! Besides, don't you want to use the power of the Dark Domain Lord to avenge the Light Domain Lord?"

"This…."

Moses was confused.

Qin Feng killed his brother Guangming Domain Master, and also killed his son Yeshen. His hatred has long been dead!

To say who he hates more is Qin Feng!

With this in mind, Moses sighed: "It's all up to the adults!"

Hearing this, Venerable Jie Yin also breathed a sigh of relief.

Now, in order to deal with Qin Feng, he wants to unite all forces that can be united.

If the Light God Realm and the Dark Demon Realm can cooperate, it will naturally be of great help to his plan.

Immediately, Jie Yin smiled and said, "Then it's settled! Everyone, let's wait for fellow Daoist Vishnu to arrive!"

"As it should be!"

Shiva and the others complied.

Om~!

At this moment, receiving the communication jade talisman in the hands of the venerable lord, a faint aura lit up again.

He quickly picked it up and watched it!

After a while, a look of joy appeared on his face.

Shiva asked again, "What's the matter with the Daoist friends?"

Xie Yin said excitedly: "This time Da Jitian replied to my information! After he received the information I reported, he immediately used his contacts and invited a super-power to help!"

"Superpower?! Who is that person?"

Shiva and others showed their curiosity.

With a smug smile, he said, "That person is one of the five powerhouses!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, everyone competed all over, and they were all ecstatic!

Moses exclaimed even more: "It's actually a powerhouse of the Five Absolutes! Those are the five strongest people under the Eternal Realm! It is rumored that each of them has the strength to kill half a step of the Great Perfection! Who is it from the five absolutes?"

Jie Yin smiled and said, "It's the ancestor of the five masters, Kun!"

"My God! It's actually Kunzu! That's the fastest existence among the five elites! Rumor has it that he is also good at attacking, and the power of his blow can break 1 trillion stars!"

"Yeah! That's great! With Kunzu joining us, we will win!"

At this moment, Shiva and Moses were all excited.

Brahma also blushed with excitement.

However, another thought appeared in his mind.

Qin Feng's strength is afraid that it has reached the level of Wujue.

At least that little thief's attack power has reached more than 80 trillion stars, which has already entered the threshold of the five musts!

It's just that a few people don't know yet!

However, that doesn't matter anymore!

This time, without waiting for Qin Feng to come out, the Blue Star Realm will be destroyed, and everything is better than he expected!

Thinking of this, Brahma sighed with emotion.

"Receiving and leading fellow Daoists, the Five Judes are the beings who are most likely to be promoted to the Eternal Realm! Ordinary Eternal Realm powers may not be able to invite them. This time, it is a bit surprising that the Great Sacrificial Heaven actually invited Kunzu! "

The reception also sighed: "Yeah! It is estimated that the big sacrifice to the sky has cost a lot of rewards! By the way, when Kun Zu arrives, it is probably very late! Why don't I wait and rush to the Azure Dragon Star Region first!"

Brahma said with a smile: "That's how it should be! Let's go to fight first! Maybe, without Kunzu arriving, we will complete the task!"

Jie Yin smiled and said, "Haha! It's very likely!"

At the moment, the group was waiting for Vishnu while preparing for departure.

The plan to destroy the Blue Star Realm has just begun...