Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Countless ice arrows and snow blades fell from the sky and shot towards those fire spirits and giants

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Countless ice arrows and snow blades hit one fire essence after another.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The fire essences exploded on the spot, turned into little sparks, and dissipated in the sky...

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[The 16th-level magma fire essence was successfully killed, and the 'elf's certificate' was released. 】

 …

Ha ha! !

Another energy feast begins!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He felt joyfully, his energy value soaring all the way up.

But the next second, he was stunned.

I saw those ice arrows and snow blades, lashing at the fire rock giant, and shattering into ice crystal dust.

There were only pitted arrow pits and blade pits left, but they failed to cause substantial damage to those giants.

Those giants were only shaken by the shot, and they continued to slaughter Qin Feng.

Fuck it~!

The defense of these flaming giants is too strong!

The ice storm can't hurt them!

Chapter 121 Burning the sky and boiling the sea, the temperature is 10,000 degrees!

Fuck it~!

The defense of these flaming giants is too strong!

The ice storm can't hurt them!

Qin Feng felt bad in his heart.

At this time, the giant army of fire rock was getting closer and closer, only a few dozen meters away from him.

The Fire Rock King is also approaching step by step.

It is more than ten feet tall, and its aura is astonishing.

At the same time, the two Fire Essence Kings roared again and again.

At this moment, Qin Feng killed hundreds of fire spirits, completely angering them.

They are going to reduce this human being to ashes.

The next second, they accelerated towards Qin Feng.

The fire spirits were also under their orders, like moths to the fire, and even more desperately rushed towards Qin Feng.

Suddenly, the sky is full of fire!

Wave after wave of fire essence slaughtered.

Qin Feng also pushed the ice storm with all his strength.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One after another, the fire essence exploded on the spot, dissipating all over the sky...

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The two fire spirit kings looked into their eyes, and their hearts were extremely anxious.

They slaughtered at the fastest speed and wanted to interrupt the casting of this human being!

They are going to burn this human being!

In a blink of an eye, the two Fire Kings were approaching, only thirty meters away from Qin Feng.

At the same time, the Fire Rock Giant also rushed over, only a dozen meters away from Qin Feng.

The dozen or so giants running at the front have swung their giant fists towards Qin Feng.

At this point, the monsters will be killed. 143

Qin Feng's brows were wrinkled, and he was a little anxious in his heart.

When he casts ice storm, he must seal with one hand to communicate the elements of ice and water between heaven and earth.

In this way, he will remain in a knotted state for a long time, and he will not be able to move while standing in place.

If it is moved, the display of the ice storm will be suspended.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Because he is the communication point of the elements of heaven, earth, ice and water.

If he moves, the elemental communication will be interrupted, and the display of the ice storm will naturally be interrupted.

Boom~Boom~Boom!

It was at this moment that more than a dozen flaming rock giants had arrived, waving giant fists one by one and smashing towards him.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The fist blows!

A dozen fists smashed together, and the momentum was devastating.

The eyes of the giants showed pride.

A dozen of them join forces, and even a level 18 human will be killed in seconds.

This human who is only level 14 is dead!

But at this moment, a sword light lit up in the dark night!

Swish~!

A cold light flashed!

The sword is soaring into the sky!

More than twenty feet long!

The sword qi cut through the giants and swept the audience.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Where the knife qi passes, it is like cutting tofu.

The giants were cut in half.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the next second, the giants automatically collapsed and turned into rubble.

One after another, white light of energy flew away from the gravel and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

 …

With just one knife, Qin Feng beheaded more than a dozen fiery rock giants, shocking the audience.

The giants and fire spirits were stunned.

This human being is so strong!

roar~!

In the next second, the Fire Rock King roared angrily and quickened his pace to kill Qin Feng.

This **** human!

It actually killed more than a dozen of its subordinates with one knife.

It's going to smash this person into a meat sauce.

roar~! roar~!

The two Fire Essence Kings also roared continuously, urging the Fire Essence army to speed up the siege again.

For a while, the two armies not only did not retreat, but instead attacked more violently.

Qin Feng is not soft.

Holding the Seal of Ice Storm in one hand and wielding a long knife in the other, he stood on the spot and slashed at the besieging giants.

For a time, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon did not shine.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Giants were cut off one by one!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One fire essence was destroyed.

At this moment, every second, dozens of fire spirits were killed, and more than a dozen giants were beheaded.

Countless energy white lights flock to Qin Feng.

His energy value is like a volcanic eruption, constantly soaring wildly, extremely terrifying...

At this moment, the two fire spirit kings finally arrived.

They are about to pounce on Qin Feng and interrupt Qin Feng's spellcasting.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling upgraded white light, and his momentum skyrocketed...

【Your level has been promoted to level 15! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

Ha ha!

Upgraded!

Finally got to level 15!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

With this upgrade, his momentum has soared, and his combat power has soared.

Even the length of the knife gas has increased by half a foot, and the attack range is wider.

He continued to shoot, killing even more fiercely.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.