Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was disappointed!

Thinking about it too, although his attack is stronger than the opponent, it is also limited!

This also gave him the upper hand, but he couldn't really hurt the other party!

In this case, what should he do to destroy the opponent within 3 minutes? !

Thinking of this, Qin Feng frowned slightly and felt worried.

At this moment, the aura of the Four Elements God calmed down and his face returned to normal.

It's back on top again!

At the same time, one of its heads opened.

"Human! I didn't expect you to be so strong! You are indeed stronger than me! What a pity! Your goal is to kill me within 3 minutes!"

"With your current strength, let alone 3 minutes, even if you are 30 clones, you can't kill the deity! This level, the deity is fixed!"

In the end, the Four Elements God is proud of his words!

However, it also has a little more respect for Qin Feng's tone, no longer despising it like going first!

After hearing these words, Qin Feng frowned!

The Four Elements God has something to say!

If he continues to fight like this, I am afraid that it will take 30 minutes and he will not be able to kill the opponent!

It seems that he has to change his strategy and find the opponent's weakness!

Otherwise, he will not be able to clear this level!

what! correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to think of the weakness of the Four Elements God!

huh~!

In the next second, he stepped out and teleported to the sky above the four-phase god!

The face of the Four Elements God changed slightly!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next breath, it will take the first shot, and all eight punches will be bombarded...

That monstrous fist style, mighty and mighty, the momentum is connected together, it is extremely terrifying!

At this moment, the four-phase **** is gnashing his teeth and showing a hideous face!

In the face of such a powerful existence as Qin Feng, it did not dare to be careless and played its strongest blow.

Its current goal is to hold on for 3 minutes, then it will win!

But in the next breath, it found that something was not right!

I saw that after its eight punches, Qin Feng did not shoot, let alone resist, but let it attack!

This strange scene made the Four Elements God a little dumbfounded!

However, it is not a benevolent generation!

Since it is sent to the door to be beaten, it will naturally not be soft!

In the blink of an eye, that eight punch attack is approaching!

Qin Feng still did not dodge or resist!

The Four Elements God did not hesitate at all, and bombarded Qin Feng fiercely!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The eight punches hit Qin Feng's chest firmly!

Qin Feng groaned suddenly, spit out a mouthful of blood, and was blasted straight out!

He is attacking the strong and defending the weak. Where can he resist the combined blow of the eight punches?

With Qin Feng's current defense, it can withstand up to 50 trillion star attacks!

That eight fists combined to strike, but it is comparable to 70 trillion stars!

Seeing the heavy damage to Qin Feng, the four-phase **** was ecstatic!

But in the next second, its complexion changed drastically, and it spat out a mouthful of blood with a 'wow'. The entire demon body shook slightly, and took a few steps back.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Not only that, its huge demon body began to crack!

"¨'That...that...that's the Great Way!"

At this moment, the Four Elements God looked ahead with incomparable horror...

The moment it hit Qin Feng, it hit Qin Feng's soul.

But it didn't want to, its soul body was immediately attacked by divine scourge!

It turned out that Qin Feng launched the avenue of merit at that moment!

Those who master the Great Way of Merit must not hurt their souls, otherwise the attackers' souls will suffer the same amount of damage.

Under the backlash of the divine power, the four-phase god's soul body suffered equal damage.

This just hits its weak spot!

It is formed by the fusion of four incomplete true spirits, and its soul body is its biggest weakness, and its soul body strength is less than one-tenth that of Qin Feng!

This soul body was injured, and its momentum suddenly plummeted!

Thinking of this, the four-phase **** looked at Qin Feng in disbelief...

The avenue of merit!

The top three innate avenues were actually mastered by this human being!

Mastering this innate avenue is equal to being invincible first!

Only those who master cause and effect, merit, and soul, one of the three innate avenues, will not be afraid of the divine power of divine scourge of the avenues of merit!

Thinking of this, the Four Elements God was a little nervous, and its soul body was so severely injured that some couldn't hold it!

At this moment, Qin Feng stabilized his figure, and all kinds of auras lit up on his body!

In just a few seconds, all his physical and soul injuries recovered, and his aura reached its peak again!

Seeing this scene, the Four Elements God was completely dumbfounded!

Physical injuries are easy to recover, but soul injuries are extremely difficult to recover!

Unexpectedly, this guy also mastered the avenue of souls in the innate!

In this way, he is not afraid of his soul being injured at all!

not good!

It counts!

Kacha~!

Only when this thought came to mind, the four-phase god's demon body collapsed suddenly, turning into four smaller demon bodies!

Those are the four demon gods, Qiangliang, Xizi, Xingshou, and Xuanming!

It turned out that the soul body of the 'Four Elements God' was so severely injured that it could no longer support the fusion state, and it changed back to the four demon gods again.

huh~!

At this moment, the white light flashed, and Qin Feng teleported again!

At this moment, the strong four demon gods have just appeared, and before they can react, Qin Feng has already shot!

Swish~!

Axe light sweeps the audience!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Four consecutive beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

The mournful roar echoed in the field!

Without the fusion state of the four gods, the four demon gods are vulnerable!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Qin Feng smashed the four major demon gods with one axe, and even his soul body was destroyed...

In the next second, the four demon gods turned into a blood fog that began to dissipate automatically...

Immediately afterwards, a golden light flew out of the blood mist and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You killed the half-step Eternal Limit Demon God for the first time and gained +100,000 reputation! 】

[You succeeded in beheading the four-phase **** (half-step eternal limit), and a group of Hongmeng purple qi burst out! 】

[You successfully killed the four-phase **** (half-step eternal limit), and exploded a Tao-level treasure chest synthesis card (Dao-level)]

[You successfully killed the four-phase **** (half-step eternal limit), and broke out the strong real spirit (dao level, incomplete)]

【You beheaded

"Hoo~! It worked!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and there was still some disbelief in his eyes.

He didn't expect that it would be so easy to pass the border so quickly!

Seems like less than half a minute!

Thinking about it too, he found the weakness of the four-phase god, so he can kill with such a single blow!

In this way, the Great Way of Merit is very practical!

At this moment, the blood mist in front dissipated, revealing a pile of loot!

Qin Feng's eyes revealed a happy wheat!

He has to hurry to collect the spoils!

After a while, Tiandao will issue the reward of 'Hongmeng Star Lord'! .

Chapter 984 The Three Great Innates! God whip recognize the Lord!

At the moment, Qin Feng looked forward and saw that there were 4 groups of true spirits, a group of Hongmeng Purple Qi, and a divine card!

He hurriedly waved his hand and inhaled the group of Hongmeng purple energy into his hand!

Got another cloud of Hongmeng purple energy!

This is equivalent to getting 100 million star combat power, as well as a congenital avenue and ten acquired avenues!

Of course, all of this will only be available after refining!

Qin Feng smiled slightly, and sent the group of Hongmeng Purple Qi into the center of the universe, allowing the mind body to refine...

Afterwards, he waved his hand again, and sucked the divine card in front of him into his hand...

This is a Tao-level treasure chest synthesis card!

Qin Feng already has 9 Chaos Treasure Chests (complete), and now he has a synthetic card.

As long as he gets another treasure chest, he can close a Taoist treasure chest.

This is another nice gain!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the divine card with satisfaction!

After doing this, he looked at the four true auras in front of him...

[True Spirit (Qiangliang): Dao-level, severely incomplete]

[True Spirit (Xizi): Dao-level, severely incomplete]

[True Spirit (received): Dao-level, severely incomplete]