Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[True Spirit (Xuanming): Dao-level, severely incomplete]

[Reminder: Fusion with Dao blood can turn these incomplete true spirits into spirit eggs and gain a chance of rebirth. 】

Sure enough!

Qin Feng smiled, and then he broke the blood clotting, and ejected a drop of blood essence to the four groups of true spirits...

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

As soon as those blood essences fell into the true aura, they were completely absorbed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the next second, the four groups of true spirits released endless suction, swallowing the surrounding blood mist...

Before long, the blood mist was swallowed up!

Four battle pet spirit eggs condensed out, all three feet in size, covered with Dao Divine Marks, exuding extraordinary breath!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away...

[Qiangliang Spirit Egg: Chaos level, has automatically recognized 'Qin Feng' as the main]

[Xizi Ling egg: Chaos level, has automatically recognized 'Qin Feng' as the main]

[Recovering Spirit Eggs: Chaos level, it has automatically recognized 'Qin Feng' as the main body]

[Xuanming Spirit Egg: Chaos level, has automatically recognized 'Qin Feng' as the main body]

After reading this, Qin Feng smiled!

He also found the last four emperors.

The few Wudao Emperor Pearls in his hand were finally useful.

When Di Jiang and the other twelve emperors all grow up, it will definitely be of great help to him!

However, that's all for later!

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he put away the four battle pet spirit eggs.

Afterwards, he performed a secret technique, swallowing up all the air luck in the void, and gained another 20,000 times the air luck value!

He is very satisfied with this!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Still 530 before he was happy, the void shook, and a reminder came from Heaven...

[Challenge reminder: It was detected that the player has killed the four-phase god, it took 19 seconds to complete this challenge! 】

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for winning the 'Hongmeng Star Lord'! 】

[Your 'planet reward' is automatically promoted to 'Hongmeng level', and you need to return to the planet before issuing it...]

[Now the personal rewards of 'Hongmeng Star Lord' will be distributed]

[Reward players + 1 trillion star combat power! 】

[Reward players + 500,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward players + 50,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players + 50,000 merit points! 】

[Reward players to awaken the innate avenue - the eternal avenue! 】

[Reward contestants for awakening the Innate Avenue - the Avenue of Nirvana! 】

[Reward players to awaken the innate avenue - the avenue of vitality! 】

[Reward players to randomly awaken 50 acquired avenues! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the reminder ended, a purple-golden beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's combat power, prestige, luck, and merit all skyrocketed wildly!

At the same moment, the center of his eyebrows also lit up with a dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe emerged!

The thirty-second, thirty-third, and thirty-fourth petals are condensed and formed at the same time...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, in the Qin Yuan universe!

The heaven, the human world, and the **** world emerge out of thin air!

Outside the Three Realms, countless star fields have emerged with vitality and began to breed life by themselves...

It turns out that Qin Feng is awakening the Vitality Avenue in the Innate Avenue!

That invisible force of vitality began to affect the entire Qin Yuan universe, making the entire universe more vibrant...

For a long time, the seal of the universe on Qin Feng's eyebrows, the petals have been condensed all completed!

Now it has thirty-four petals, and the momentum is extraordinary!

This makes Qin Feng two innate avenues away from being promoted to the advanced master of the universe!

At this moment, all the rewards have been digested!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

With this reward, his strength has skyrocketed!

As for the specific increase, he would have to check it to find out.

With this in mind, he opened the panel...

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme

[Air Luck]: 720,000 times

【Reputation】: 5.74 million points

[Basic combat power]: 197 trillion starsAall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

[Xiantian Avenue]: 34

[Total number of avenues]: 1191

[Meritorious Value]: 357,000 points

good! good!

The combat power has reached 197 trillion!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Such a harvest far exceeded his expectations!

correct!

He has now broken through the 10 trillion battle strength, and the strength of the four avatars has skyrocketed, and they should all reach the half-step Great Perfection level.

This calculation, even without his shot.

The four avatars can also keep the Blue Star Realm, right?

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched the seal and deduced it again...

Suddenly, his fingertips flashed with a flash of light, one after another hexagrams appeared, and the Heavenly Secret Avenue was automatically running...

After a while, the deduction is over!

Qin Feng's face showed a look of astonishment!

The hexagram has changed!

The result of his deduction just now was very different from before.

Today, his combat power is infinitely close to 11 trillion, but the probability of saving the Blue Star Realm has dropped from 99% to about 70%!

Qin Feng frowned slightly, feeling irritated in his heart!

Although the 70% chance is quite high, the Blue Star Realm is his foundation, and he must not lose it!

What he wants is to keep the odds at 100%, not around 70%, the risk is not small!

If the Blue Star Realm is destroyed, all his efforts in the Hongyuan Universe will be in vain!

In the same way, the painstaking efforts of the ancestor Longbi and Tianzun on him, I am afraid that they will be wasted!

Therefore, the Blue Star Realm must not lose anything!

"Strange! Why is there such a change? Could it be..."

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he wanted to understand the reason.

He must have killed Brahma and eliminated him early, thus revealing his strength.

After that Da Jitian knew his strength, wouldn't he re-arrange it?

Dajitian must have found a great helper!

In addition, the reception and others will also make some layouts.

And after Brahma is out, he will also join the ranks of the group, which will cause the crisis in the Blue Star Realm to increase!

After figuring out the reason, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

He was still worried about another thing.

According to the previous deduction, before he rushes back to the Blue Star Realm, the chance of saving it is about 70%.

One minute before he left the Daluo Heavenly Realm, the chance of saving the Blue Star Realm suddenly dropped below 30%!

This means that a minute before he rushes back, Dajitian will send a super strong person to arrive at that time.

With the strength of the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master, they are almost vulnerable in front of the super strong.

Otherwise, the Blue Star Realm's chances of saving would not even be able to achieve a 30% chance of saving within the last minute!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy!

He was right!

The super powerhouse sent by the Great Sacrifice Heaven this time is one of the five masters, Kunzu!

"Hey~! According to the rules of heaven, I can't leave the Daluo Tianjing until the end of the star master assessment, and I can't rush back to rescue in advance! How can I do this?"

"Right! If I improve my strength a little more, maybe I can let the four clones save the Blue Star Realm at the last minute, right?"

"Not too much! As long as it reaches a 50% chance, it's enough!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, he pinched the seal again, and continued to infer...

After a while, his expression softened.

According to his deduction, if his combat power can exceed 13 trillion stars, the probability of saving the Blue Star Realm can reach 90%, and it is barely close to 50% in the last minute!

It seems that he will find a way to make his combat power exceed 13 trillion stars in the next time!

Boom~Long~Long~!

That thought came, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven sounded...

[Opportunity reminder: It is detected that the player 'Qin Feng' has won the Hongmeng Star Lord, and has obtained the qualification to recognize the master of the whip! 】

【Reminder by chance: drop the blood essence into the whip, you can be recognized as the master】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly raised his head and looked forward to hit the whip!

He almost forgot that he still had a chance for a Dao-level strange object!

Immediately, he stepped out and teleported to the side of the whip!

As he approached, Qin Feng sensed that there were thirty-one avenues in the whip!

One is the innate avenue, and thirty are the acquired avenues!

That innate avenue is the avenue of destruction!