Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He didn't have to guess to know that the person in front of him was Qin Feng!

I really didn't expect that this kid is really in the realm of the gods!

A small main **** realm actually surpassed him and won the first place in this session, even the first place in the overall list.

How on earth did he do it?

Could it be some kind of cheating method?

Thinking of this, Jia Luo couldn't help saying: "Hey! You are that Qin Feng!"

The tone was a little high, and Qin Feng was not taken seriously.

Then again, I can't blame him!

A half-step peak power, how can he put a main **** in his eyes?

In the eyes of the half-step peak, the **** kings are all ants, not to mention the main god!

Even, Jia Luo suspected that Qin Feng's achievements came from cheating.

He didn't believe that a main **** realm ant could be stronger than himself!

Jia Luo didn't know that the troll who killed him once before was transformed by Qin Feng.

Looking at Jia Luo's arrogant appearance, Qin Feng frowned slightly!

This guy really doesn't know what to do!

If it weren't for this hall forbidding fighting, he wouldn't mind giving this guy an unforgettable lesson!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his head and didn't bother to look at Jia Luo.

With his current strength, he can kill a half-step Great Perfection with one axe, how can he put a half-step peak in his eyes.

But all this fell into Jia Luo's eyes, which immediately made Jia Luo greatly annoyed.

Just as he was about to open his mouth to speak, an invisible force descended and enveloped Qin Feng...

In the next second, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air...

Only Caro was left in the field!

He was even more depressed!

"Oh! A master **** is so arrogant! Didn't he rely on some special means to win the first place this year! He really regarded himself as a character!"

Jia Luo looked at the place where Qin Feng disappeared, and his tone was sour.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky trembled, and the reminder of the Heavenly Dao sounded in Jia Luo's sea of ​​consciousness...

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he was surprised!

His first-class Star Lord reward is about to be distributed...

At the same time, the hall of the Hall of Gods!

With the flash of white light, Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

He was teleported!

"That guy should start collecting rewards!"

At this time, Qin Feng looked up in the direction of the Xingjue Palace, and there was a playful smile on the corner of his mouth...

The next second, he walked towards the Merit Pavilion...

He has to go to the Merit Pavilion and exchange all the resources in the mall!

After Garo receives the reward, he will be sent out...

That guy will definitely go to the Merit Pavilion to exchange resources.

After all, that is also the customs clearance benefit of obtaining the first-class Star Lord!

How could Caro miss it!

pity!

No one in his eyes offended Qin Feng!

How could Qin Feng let him do his best!

Today, Qin Feng has 357,000 merit points in his hands, and he is very hopeful to scavenge all the resources in the mall!

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the Merit Pavilion...

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the entrance of the Merit Pavilion.

After passing through the door of light, Qin Feng saw the scene in the hall.

I saw in the center of the hall, next to the three shopping mall altars, there were hundreds of players surrounding them.

Some people are exchanging resources, and some people are chatting, and the atmosphere in the field is a bit lively.

Taking a closer look at the realm of these players, it is actually the main **** realm!

Qin Feng was stunned!

Come to think of it, these are the players who have completed the main **** assessment, and came to exchange resources...

It's just that so many people are exchanging, and I don't know how much Taiqing Daojing he cares about most has been exchanged?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly walked to the nearest mall altar...

At the same moment, the crowd in front also sighed.

"Hey! The resources in this mall are extremely rich, but they are too expensive!"

"Yeah! One Taiqing Daojing needs 5 merit points, and I only have 3 points in total, so I can't redeem it at all!"

"You still have 3 o'clock! I only have 2 o'clock, so I can't even redeem it!"

"Haha! Are you still thinking about exchanging Taiqing Daojing? I gave up the idea long ago and exchanged for other resources!"

"The old man also exchanged other resources, but he was a little unwilling! Hey! Who do you think is..."

At this moment, those players heard footsteps behind them, and turned to look, they saw Qin Feng!

"Oh my god! He is the one who entered the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower!"

"Huh! It really is!"

"Hey~! This lord finally came out from the tenth floor!"

At this moment, the players recognized Qin Feng at a glance, and their eyes became extremely awe-inspiring.

At the beginning, when Qin Feng entered the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower, all the players saw it.

Those who can enter the tenth floor are the existences that they can't imagine!

It's just that they thought that Qin Feng had just come out of the tenth floor of the Buddha Pagoda.

Obviously, they still underestimated the power of Qin Feng!

In just a moment, Qin Feng approached the crowd and walked straight to a shopping mall altar...

The players retreated to the sides one after another, making way for a passage…

The player who was browsing the mall also consciously moved away and let Qin Feng use it first...

Qin Feng passed through the crowd calmly, walked to the altar, and then turned to look at the crowd.

Wherever his eyes passed, everyone was nervous, and they didn't even dare to breathe.

In this world where strength is respected, only the strong will be respected and revered.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng spoke.

"Have you waited for the merit points to be redeemed?"

He was kindly reminding everyone that if he exchanged it, he would never have the chance to exchange resources again.

Everyone looked at each other face to face.

Afterwards, an old man stepped forward nervously and said, "Sir, I have already used up my merits! It's just that the Daluo Heavenly Realm is closed, and it will take twenty hours. Everyone is bored, so they are browsing the mall."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's good!"

As soon as the voice fell, he pressed the crystal ball on the altar with one hand, and his mind began to link with the mall...Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Seeing this, the players breathed a sigh of relief inexplicably!

For some reason, when Qin Feng's eyes fell on them, they felt the oppression of an invisible aura, making them a little breathless...

In just a while, Qin Feng's mind entered the mall.

After he opened the mall interface, he browsed...

After a while, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Everything was better than he expected!

Although more than 100 players have already exchanged them, the resources in the mall are not much less.

Of the 240 Taiqing Daojing, 231 were left, and only 9 were exchanged!

Qin Feng is very fortunate!

These Taiqing Daojings are very useful to him, and he naturally hopes that the more the better.

At the moment, he no longer hesitated and started to exchange...

In just a moment, he exchanged 231 Dao Crystals, spent nearly 60,000 merit points, and still had more than 290,000 merit points in his hand!

At the moment, Qin Feng began to sweep other resources...

Whether it is something he can use or not, he can exchange it all!

After this village, there is no such shop!

When he leaves the Da Luo Tianjing, those merit points will be useless, and they will be used up naturally...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body kept shining...

The players were amazed!

Every time the aura shines, it means that Qin Feng has completed a transaction...

How much does it represent when the aura lights up so frequently?

Oh my God!

How much merit does this man have?

How can I keep trading all the time?

The more people thought about it, the more shocked they became, and they couldn't help but look at each other face to face.

The crowd was even more murmuring.

"Everyone, this lord has a lot of merit!"

"Looking at this momentum, I'm afraid there are 50,000 to 60,000 meritorious deeds!"

"No way? There are so many?!"

"Why not? This lord is a big man who stepped into the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower!"

"That's right! By the way, you said that this adult has so many merit points, has he passed the tenth floor?!"

"Hey! If you say that, it's really possible!"

All the way through these words, all the players changed their colors one after another, and their hearts were shocked!

The tenth floor of the Buddha Tower, for this universe, no one has ever been able to clear the level!

It would be amazing if the adults in front of him broke through! …

Just as these contestants kept mumbling, in the east corner of the Hall of Merit Pavilion, there were twelve figures who were retreating and meditating.

Those twelve people were Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiao Luan'er and others.

They have already been promoted to the main **** realm, and they are retreating there while waiting for Qin Feng's return.