Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the noisy discussions in the center of the hall startled them.

Di Jiang and the others opened their eyes one by one and looked at the crowd...

Soon, they saw Qin Feng in the center of the crowd!

"Hey! Dad!"

"It's the master!"

"Great! The master is out!"

Di Jiang and others were amazed.

At the moment, they all ended their retreats and walked towards the center of the hall...

It was at this moment that Qin Feng finally exchanged the resources...

At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy.

This time the exchange made him extremely satisfied!

Looking around again, he found that all the players looked at him in astonishment, as if shocked by his actions.

Qin Feng smiled and ignored it.

Then, he looked to another corner of the hall...

When he saw it, he saw Di Jiang and the others, and they came over with a look of joy.

Qin Feng suddenly smiled!

Before he entered the hall, he discovered the twelve people of Dijiang.

Now that the resources have been exchanged, he should also reunite with his subordinates.

With this in mind, Qin Feng walked to Di Jiang and others...

The players silently looked at his back, not daring to make a sound.

It was not until Qin Feng walked away that there were a few mutterings in the crowd.

"Everyone, just now this lord has been exchanging non-stop, and I don't know how many resources have been exchanged?"

"It is estimated that one-third of the exchange is gone!"

"One-third? That's too exaggerated! Even if you have 100,000 merit points, you can't redeem one-third!"

"Stop talking! Old man, come and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, a white-haired old man walked to the altar, pressed the crystal ball with one hand, and closed his eyes...

Everyone also paid attention to the old man.

After a while, the old man was shaken all over!

In the next second, he slowly opened his eyes, with a look of shock on his face!

"Chen Lao, how?!"

Someone can't wait to ask.

After this question, the old man regained his senses.

He swallowed hard, and then stammered: "Dui... Dui is empty!"

"What's the meaning?!"

Everyone is puzzled!

The old man smiled bitterly: "Everyone, all the resources in this mall have been exchanged by that adult!"

What? !

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

Every one of them has their mouths open!

Gosh!

That adult actually redeemed all the resources!

How much merit does that have to have? !

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

Everyone stared at Qin Feng's back, speechless for a while!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng, Di Jiang and others met.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

At this moment, Di Jiang and others were extremely happy.

"Master, how is your star master assessment?"

Yu Xuanji asked with concern.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Everything went well!"

Having said that, he also looked away at his confidants.

The next second, his eyes lit up, showing a look of relief.

Now, Di Jiang and others have broken through to the main **** realm, and their strength has skyrocketed.

Dijiang and Jumang have both broken the 1.3 billion star combat power!

Even the weakest Red Cloud has reached 500 million stars!

Look at Tianwu and Houtu who were born at the same time as Hongyun.

The strength of these two little guys not only surpassed Hongyun, but even surpassed Qingchengzi.

Qin Feng also sensed the breath of the avenue from them!

Is it...

"Dad! Daddy!"

Seeing Qin Feng looking at him, Houtu ran over excitedly, hugging Qin Feng's thigh and acting like a spoiled child.

Qin Feng fondly touched the little girl's head.

"Little girl, has the Wu Dao Emperor Pearl I gave you already refined?"

"Yeah!" Hou Tu nodded obediently.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Sure enough!

No wonder he sensed the aura of the Great Dao Artifact on the back soil, that was the influence of the Wu Dao Emperor Pearl.

At this time, Di Jiang said excitedly: "Dad! Six of us have refined the Wu Dao Emperor Beads you gave. After refining those Emperor Beads, each of us awakened the Innate Wu Dao and the four acquired Da Dao, The progress is not small!"

Jumang also echoed: "Yes! Dad, when will you use sharing? The Dao of Witchcraft is the Dao of Innate, and it should be what you need most!"

Qin Feng laughed!

These kids are all thinking about him!

At the same time, he was extremely excited!

The road of witches!

This is the innate avenue that he has not awakened!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

When he obtained this avenue, the innate avenues he mastered reached thirty-five.

Coupled with the power of cause and effect, his universe can advance!

As long as his universe is promoted to the advanced universe, his strength will definitely skyrocket!

That would be of great benefit for him to keep the Blue Star Realm!

At this time, Hou Tu also asked: "Dad! Dad! Do you want to start sharing now? We have not only awakened the Dao of Witchcraft, but also awakened some Dao of Houtian!"

Yu Xuanji also smiled and said: "Master, concubine and others have also refined some Taiqing Daojing, and also awakened some new Dao, maybe there is also what the master needs!"

Qin Feng was delighted: "Okay! This place is not suitable for sharing, let's go back to Qin Yuan Universe!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved it casually.

In the next second, everyone turned into streaks of white light and disappeared in place.

Only a white spot of light the size of a sesame remained in the field, quietly suspended in the air.

That white light spot is the space node of Qin Yuan Universe!

In the distance, those players stared blankly at this scene, and no one spoke for a long time...

At this moment, a white light lit up in the hall of the Hall of Gods.

The next second, Caro appeared.

At this time, he was full of excitement!

This time, he won the second place this time, naturally very excited.

"Hey! That arrogant boy is not here!"

Jia Luo looked around and couldn't help frowning when he didn't see Qin Feng.

The next second, he sneered, secretly thinking that Qin Feng must have gone to the Merit Pavilion.

He is also planning to go to the Merit Pavilion to exchange some resources! …righteous.

Chapter 986 Advanced Universe! Strength soars!

As soon as he thought of the resources in the Merit Pavilion, Jia Luo looked forward to it!

The merit points he obtained this time have exceeded 50,000 points, which can be described as extremely rich and should be able to exchange for a lot of resources!

This is not a big chance for him!

correct!

That kid Qin Feng has gone to the Merit Pavilion, he has to hurry over, lest all good things be exchanged by that kid!

Thinking of this, Jia Luo felt a sense of urgency, and hurried to the Merit Pavilion...

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already swept away the resources of the Merit Pavilion!

This trip, he is destined to return disappointed!

More than 50,000 meritorious points in his hands will also be voided! …

Just when Jia Luo rushed to the Merit Pavilion, Qin Feng and everyone had returned to the small universe.

At this moment, Qin Yuan Universe, Heaven, somewhere in the hall of a temple.

Qin Feng looked at Di Jiang and others with relief.

After some explorations just now, he found that Di Jiang, Jumang, Houtu, Zhu Rong, Gonggong, Tianwu and other six children had five or six avenues that he had not awakened.

And Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, Qingchengzi, Hongyun and other six people also have one or two avenues that he has not awakened!

Obviously, in addition to the role of the Wudao Emperor Pearl, the subordinates also refined a lot of Taiqing Daojing!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such a result!

"This time, who will come first?"

Qin Feng smiled and looked at everyone.

"Dad! Daddy! I'll come! I'll come first!"

Houtu volunteered and ran to Qin Feng's side.

Seeing this, everyone smiled dotingly.

Among the crowd, this little girl is the youngest and most innocent.