Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

But in terms of talent, I am afraid that it is the strongest, even stronger than Di Jiang.

"Then you!"

Qin Feng also pinched Houtu's little face dotingly!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He loves this little girl so much!

This little girl is white and tender, with two big eyes, black eyeballs, and extremely cute.

Afterwards, Qin Feng didn't waste any more time, he directly broke the blood and drew a golden rune in the air, and then pressed Houtu's eyebrows...

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! You are sharing your insights on the Dao with your subordinate 'Hour Tu'...]

【Share success! You gain insights from Houtu and begin to awaken the innate avenue—the avenue of witches...]

hum~~!

As soon as the realization of the avenue was established, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with dazzling blue light!

The seal of the universe emerged!

The thirty-fifth petals begin to condense automatically...

Qin Feng's momentum also skyrocketed!

It didn't take long for the petals to condense!

The azure light from the seal of the universe, one after another, is extremely dazzling!

Di Jiang and others were amazed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the entire Qin Yuan universe has an extra power of innate witchcraft...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the Qin Yuan universe began to expand rapidly!

Whether it is the heaven, the human world, the **** world, or the billions of stars outside the three worlds, they are all expanding wildly!

At the boundary of the universe, it is expanding outward at an extremely fast speed!

This earth-shattering change suddenly shocked countless creatures, who appeared to wait and see...

At the same moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also received a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[It was detected that your 'Qin Yuan Universe' already possesses thirty-six kinds of innate powers, which meet the standards for promotion to the advanced universe...]

[Your 'Qin Yuan Universe' is being promoted...]

【Successful promotion! Your 'Qin Yuan Universe' has been promoted to a high-level universe, and you have received 1 trillion universe power back! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the power of endless feedback surged from all directions.

Qin Feng's momentum began to soar wildly all the way!

After a long time, the backfeeding is over!

Qin Feng also opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of ecstasy!

The universe level has been promoted!

He actually skyrocketed 1 trillion combat power in one fell swoop!

As a result, his combat power skyrocketed to 12.3 trillion stars!

This is another big step forward from his goal of 13 trillion!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more delighted he becomes!

At this time, Yu Xuanji asked excitedly: "Master, your cosmos level has been upgraded?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Seeing this, everyone was overjoyed!

In fact, the promotion of Qin Yuan Universe has not stopped, and the universe is still expanding around!

In just a moment, the universe has doubled in size and continues to expand...

Seeing here, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied.

At the same time, he also saw the hope of keeping the Blue Star Realm.

His current combat power is 12.3 trillion stars, so the Blue Star Realm's chance of retaining it is 80%, and it can be close to 40% in the last minute!

As long as he continues to work hard, he may not be able to skyrocket to 13 trillion stars at the last moment!

After all, he has mastered 35 innate avenues, and he is just one last innate avenue before he can be promoted to the master of the advanced universe!

And not long ago, he also got a cloud of Hongmeng purple energy!

As long as he refines that group of Hongmeng purple energy, he can awaken the 36th Innate Great Way, and he can also be promoted to the master of the advanced universe.

At that time, his combat power may be able to break 13 trillion stars!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng has some expectations.

Soon, he stopped those wild thoughts, and his thoughts were transferred to Houtu again.

The little girl is still closing her eyes, waiting for his insights to be shared...

He couldn't waste any more time.

After all, Di Jiang, Yu Xuanji and others were waiting behind him, and he should have obtained the new Heavenly Dao earlier!

Om~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's fingertips lit up with golden light!

The second wave of shared insights, displayed...

【Share success! You gain insights from Houtu, and you begin to awaken the Dao of Houtian—the Dao of Guizhi…]

【Share success! You gain insights from Houtu and begin to awaken the avenues of the Houtian—the Avenue of Yao…]

【Share success! You gained insight from Houtu and began to awaken the Dao of Houtian—the Dao of ?…]

In this way, Qin Feng happily shared it!

His body lit up one after another, and his momentum was constantly increasing!

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, and the others were all watching excitedly, and they were also looking forward to it, and it would be their turn next!

They also hope that the master can become stronger sooner...

Just when Qin Feng was sharing his insights, something was happening outside.

At this moment, in the Merit Pavilion.

Those players have recovered from the shock, and they are all sighing!

They were completely shocked by Qin Feng!

They never thought that someone could redeem the treasures of the Merit Pavilion. How many merit points would it take?

But Qin Feng did it!

They really can't figure out how Qin Feng did it?

I'm afraid that in the star master assessment, the player who won the first place in the overall list does not have so many merit points!

The more people think about it, the more amazed they are!

Da~! Da~! Da~!

At this moment, at the entrance of the Merit Pavilion, there was a sudden sound of footsteps.

Everyone turned around quickly, and saw a man with a proud expression entering the Merit Pavilion and walking towards this...

"Look! Someone is here again!"

"Yeah! Hey! My God! He... he is a half-step eternal peak powerhouse!"

Soon, there was an exclamation from the crowd!

Everyone hurriedly looked away.

The next second, they all changed color.

Gosh!

The person here is really a half-step peak power!

This time, everyone looked terrified, and looked at the people in awe, they didn't even dare to breathe!

The person here is Caro!

At this moment, the players looked at Jia Luo secretly, thinking in their hearts.

This person is a half-step peak power, and he must be a participant in the Star Master assessment!

Only among the star master examiners, will there be more than half a step eternity.

Seeing that this person is the first to arrive at the Merit Pavilion, he must be the first in this year's Star Master assessment!

Thinking of this, the eyes of everyone looking at Jia Luo became even more awe-inspiring.

They didn't know that the first place in the star master assessment this year was not Jia Luo, but Qin Feng!

Up to now, they still thought that Qin Feng had only completed the assessment of the main **** realm and did not participate in the assessment of the star master.

After all, half an hour after the opening of the Lord God assessment, the Star Lord assessment began.

Who can believe that Qin Feng broke into the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower and cleared the customs within half an hour?

Therefore, these players all think that Jia Luo in front of him should be the first in the Star Master assessment!

At the same moment, Garo walked straight towards the crowd.

He glanced at the crowd with a look of disdain in his eyes!

Ha ha!

Another group of ants in the main **** realm!

These should be players who have just been promoted to the main **** realm!

Having said that, the players who participated in the main **** assessment will still have the opportunity to enter this place.

Those who participated in the Star Master assessment, if they did not get a first-class Star Lord, would be eliminated directly from the competition, and there was no chance to enter.

Thinking of this, Jia Luo's expression became even more aloof and disdainful!

He was too lazy to look at those players, his eyes fell on the nearest altar.

That's the mall of the Merit Pavilion!

As long as he is connected to the mall, the more than 50,000 merit points in his hand can be exchanged for massive resources.

Thinking of this, Jia Luo's eyes became even hotter!

what! Why don't you see Qin Feng?

Where did that arrogant kid go?

Jia Luo thought of Qin Feng again, and quickly looked around the hall, but still did not see Qin Feng.

This puzzled him!

However, he was too lazy to think too much!

Right now, his most urgent thing is to exchange resources!

Thinking of this, Caro quickened his pace.

Soon, he walked to the crowd....

The players involuntarily stepped aside to make way for him.

The corners of Jia Luo's mouth twitched slightly, feeling very proud.

The ants should have the consciousness of the ants!

These ants are very sensible!