Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, he strode towards the mall altar in front of him...

Seeing this scene, all the contestants had strange expressions on their faces.

Some players opened their mouths, as if they stopped speaking.

They wanted to tell Jia Luo that the resources in the mall had already been exchanged for empty.

But as soon as they saw Jia Luo, the arrogant expression that refused to be thousands of miles away, they swallowed the words again and did not dare to say more.

Soon, Caro walked to the altar!

After he let out a long sigh of relief, he pressed the crystal ball with one hand and closed his eyes with great anticipation!

Om~!

Soon, the crystal lit up with a faint white light!

Jia Luo smiled, and his thoughts were immersed in the mall...

Boom~!

But in the next second, he was shaken all over, and opened his eyes in astonishment!

what happened? !

Why is the mall so empty?

How come there is no treasure!

Am I reading it wrong?

With this in mind, Jia Luo once again entered the mind

After a while, he opened his eyes and his face became extremely ugly!

There is really no treasure in the mall!

Then the more than 50,000 meritorious points in his hands, wouldn't it be void?

More than 50,000 merit points!

He tried his best to get it!

How can this be voided!

damn it!

Jia Luo roared in his heart, very unwilling!

He can't accept this reality!

Obviously the opportunity is right in front of him, but inexplicably gone, how can he accept it.

Immediately, he had a gloomy face and looked at the players...

"Why are the treasures in this mall empty? Can you know?"

When asked this question, all the players were terrified.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After they glanced nervously at each other, an old man stood up tremblingly...

"Go back... Go back to this lord! The treasures in this mall were exchanged by another lord first!"

"What?! Was exchanged by one person? How is this possible!"

Caro was shocked!

He doesn't believe that someone can have so many merit points and can empty the entire mall.

The old man smiled bitterly: "My lord, it is indeed the one who redeemed it, I will see it with my own eyes!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded.

Seeing this, Jia Luo frowned, and his heart was shocked!

In this way, it is really a person who has redeemed it.

That person should be that Qin Feng!

When he thinks of Qin Feng, he becomes jealous!

That Qin Feng was arrogant, and he didn't know what means he used before to win the first place in the star master and rob him of the first place!

Now, that kid has redeemed all the resources of the mall again, and he is clearly unable to get along with him!

Damn it!

Thinking of this, he said angrily, "That person is Qin Feng, right?!"

"Qin Feng?!"

The players looked at each other and were quite puzzled.

They only know Qin Feng's people, not Qin Feng's name.

Jia Luo said impatiently: "Then Qin Feng's child, who came out of the star master assessment, is the first place in the current star master assessment. Don't you know?"

"The first place in this year's Star Master assessment?!"

Everyone was stunned.

They thought that this Jia Luo was the first star master, but they didn't expect it to be someone else!

However, it seems that the adult they met before did not participate in the star master assessment, right?

Thinking of this, a contestant said nervously: "My lord, the lord we met before doesn't seem to have participated in the Star Master assessment. However, we saw him pass the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower!"

"Have you not participated in the Star Master assessment?"

Caro was stunned!

Isn't Qin Feng the one who redeemed the resources?

Besides him, is there anyone else?

With this in mind, he asked again, "Where is that person now?"

"This…"

Everyone looked at each other with hesitation, and no one dared to answer.

They naturally know Qin Feng's location.

Before Qin Feng left, in the corner of the hall, there was a space node the size of sesame seeds, which everyone could see.

But they dare not say it!

It would be bad if the adult's position was exposed because of this, and he turned back to be angered by that adult!

Seeing that everyone hesitated, Caro was quite angry.

He snorted coldly and looked around the hall...

"Huh! That's..."

Soon, his eyes fell on the eastern corner of the hall.

He saw that there was a 1.2 small golden light spot, exuding the fluctuation of the power of space.

If he read it right, it is a space node!

Could it be that the person who redeemed the resources has entered that space?

Thinking of this, Jia Luo walked to the space node...

When everyone saw this scene, they couldn't help but look at each other face to face, looking strange...

The space node left by the adult has been discovered, and there will be no major incidents next, right?

At this thought, the players were inexplicably nervous...

Just as Jia Luo walked towards the space node, something was happening in the Qin Yuan universe.

Qin Yuan universe, inside the temple.

Qin Feng's fingers are withdrawing from Hongyun's eyebrows...

At this moment, he was smiling all over his face, and his eyes were full of joy.

He finally completed all the sharing of insights!

After this, he obtained 1 Innate Avenue and 37 Acquired Avenues from twelve subordinates!

In this way, the avenues he masters have reached 1256, and the basic combat power has also increased to 12.34 trillion stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with these results!

Of course, his gains don't stop there.

The large amount of resources he exchanged from the mall has not been allocated yet.

After he has exhausted the batch of resources, he will still be able to realize 150 great avenues, and at the same time he will be able to cultivate dozens of star field masters...

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded in the field.

"Dad! Have you finished sharing?"

Xiao Luan was very curious.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Then, he said again: "Now, I will allocate some resources to you... Hey! This is..."

Before the words were finished, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he suddenly raised his head to look beyond the Three Realms!

At that moment, his eyes

Travel through countless space boundary walls and see scenes outside the Qin Yuan universe!

I saw that outside the universe, Jia Luo was walking towards the space node...

Ha ha!

This guy is finally here!

Qin Feng sneered, then dodged and disappeared out of thin air...

Chapter 987 Hard-to-Eat! Amazing bet!

huh~!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng returned to the Merit Pavilion!

As soon as he appeared, he saw Caro.

The two sides are only a hundred feet apart!

The sudden appearance of Qin Feng shocked Jia Luo!

"It's you!"

After Jia Luo was astonished, his heart was also suddenly stunned.

No wonder he didn't see Qin Feng before, it turned out that this kid was hiding in a different dimension.

"The deity asks you, are the resources in the mall redeemed by you?"

Caro spoke again.

With a questioning tone, as if questioning a subordinate.

Qin Feng frowned slightly, very upset!

Immediately, he sneered: "What's the matter with you?!"

Caro's face changed greatly!

He didn't expect that Qin Feng would answer like this without giving him any face!

You know, he is a half-step peak power!

The confidence of this kid?

After Jia Luo was shocked, he suddenly became angry: "You..."