Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Before he could finish his words, Qin Feng turned and left in disdain, not wanting to talk nonsense with him at all!

Carol was suddenly stuck!

He glared at Qin Feng's back angrily, his face flushed with anger, and he was speechless, but there was nothing he could do!

If it hadn't been for the meritorious pavilion to ban fighting, he really wanted to go crazy on the spot!

It wasn't until Qin Feng walked away that Jia Luo held back his anger and turned around and walked back...

It's just that there was a trace of embarrassment in his angry expression,

In front of everyone's eyes, he was scolded by Qin Feng like that, and his face must be dull.

Soon, Caro walked back to the crowd.

Those players suddenly looked apprehensive and did not dare to look at them, for fear that Jia Luo would take anger on them.

At this time, Caro looked at the crowd!

"Before, you said that the person who redeemed the resources was the kid?"

This question, everyone looked at each other.

Afterwards, they nodded slightly, not daring to hide!

Carol suddenly understood!

"Humph! Sure enough, it's him!"

Immediately, Jia Luo looked at Qin Feng angrily again...

When everyone heard this, they seemed to understand.

An old man couldn't help but said: "Sir, you said that Qin Feng is this person!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone raised their heads and looked at Jia Luo curiously.

Jia Luo sneered: "Yes! He is Qin Feng! An extremely arrogant child!"

The players were shocked when they heard it!

Oh my God!

Didn't that lord go to the tenth floor of the Buddha Tower?

Could it be that he passed the tenth floor in half an hour, went to participate in the Star Master assessment, and won the first Star Master? twenty one!

At this thought, everyone was shocked, and their eyes were full of disbelief!

Da~! Da~!

At this moment, footsteps came from the entrance of the temple again.

Everyone quickly followed the sound and saw an old man with white hair and beard walking in.

The person here is Bai Zu...

At the same moment, Qin Feng had walked to the corner of the hall and sat down with his knees crossed.

He was too lazy to pay attention to Bai Zu's arrival, and just closed his eyes and meditated.

His goal is to break 13 trillion combat power, not these trivial matters.

The safety of the Blue Star Realm was what he cared about most.

With this in mind, Qin Feng started to meditate, and his mind returned to his universe again...

At this moment, in the Qin Yuan universe.

Di Jiang, Jumang and others were still waiting in the temple.

At this moment, the stars gathered in front of everyone.

A mind body of Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

"dad!"

As soon as the idea manifested in the body, the little guys showed joy on their faces.

"Master, just now..."

Yu Xuanji asked curiously.

The mind body smiled slightly: "It's not a big deal, there is a rather annoying guy who is a little dissatisfied with me for exchanging the resources of the mall. Don't mention those, I will allocate some resources to you!"

As soon as the voice fell, the mind body waved!

The white light flashed continuously in the field, and the lantern and the Styx appeared!

"Owner!"

"My subordinates meet the master!"

As soon as the two saw the mind body, they came forward to meet with joy.

The mind body also smiled and looked at the two of them.

Seeing this, he showed an even more relieved smile.

I saw that the two of them had made great progress in strength, and their combat power had broken through 1.5 billion stars.

In this way, the power of sacrifice that he can obtain on his body is even more!

Everything is going in the right direction!

"Okay! Everyone is here! Let's allocate resources to you now!"

At this time, the mind body waved again, and more than 30 Taiqing Daojing emerged, and took the initiative to fly to Dijiang and other 14 people!

Everyone was overjoyed when they got the Taiqing Daojing!

Those Taiqing Daojings are either the avenues that Qin Feng has awakened, or the avenues suitable for these fourteen confidants!

After the distribution of Daojing, the mind body took out dozens of top-quality artifacts, as well as a large number of medicinal pills, and distributed them to Di Jiang and others.

Those were all exchanged by Qin Feng from the mall.

The stronger the strength of Di Jiang and others, the more battle power will be sacrificed to him.

He naturally has to train these subordinates well.

After this assignment, Di Jiang and the others were all overjoyed, and they all retreated away!

Afterwards, the mind body summoned dozens of Long Yuan disciples, and each handed out a Taiqing Daojing!

Those disciples are the future masters of the star field!

After this allocation, Qin Feng still has about 130 Taiqing Daojing left, all of which he can refine...

At the moment, he arranged for the mind bodies to refine...

In this way, the mind bodies began to refine the Dao Crystal with all their strength...

Qin Feng himself stayed in the corner of the Merit Pavilion, silently waiting for the closure of Daluo Tianjing...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

In this hour, Vishnu has arrived at the realm of light.

Afterwards, he led a group of people and set off straight, and they were heading for the Azure Dragon Star Territory in a mighty way...

During this hour, more and more people came to the Merit Pavilion, and now it has reached more than 300 people, and all of them are the main **** realm players.

These are the players who have completed the promotion of the main god!

On the other side, there are four people gathered, it is Jia Luo, Bai Zu, and the other two half-step eternal powers!

The Star Master assessment is too difficult!

Until this moment, four half-step eternity clearances including Jia Luo!

For those who are less than half a step eternal, Qin Feng will pass the customs alone.

And Qin Feng emptied the resources of the mall, hurting the interests of the four Jia Luo, which also made them very annoyed!

At this moment, the four of Jia Luo have been secretly muttering constantly, and are conspiring to deal with Qin Feng!

"Everyone, is that possible?"

At this time, the old woman among the four asked in a low voice.

The old woman was wearing a yellow robe, with a gloomy qi, and there was a cold evil all over her body!

Its name is Yin Po, a half-step eternal power, and her strength is extremely strong!

As soon as Yin Po's words fell, a dark-faced old man with a horse face took over the conversation.

"Mother Yin, don't worry! As long as the kid agrees, this method will work! The way of heaven also allows it!"

The horse-faced old man said it very confidently.

Its name is Ma Yan, and it is also a half-step eternal power, but the weakest of the four.

"What Daoyou Ma said is right! The method is possible, but I'm afraid that Qin Feng's child will not dare to agree!"

Caro is also a little worried!

Bai Zu took a deep breath and said, "Brother Jia Luo, there are already a lot of people here. I will challenge Qin Feng with a big fanfare and let everyone see it! If Qin Feng wants to face face, maybe he will agree!"

"If he doesn't dare to agree, I'll take the opportunity to humiliate him and make him unable to lift his head in front of everyone. It's a bad breath!"

Jia Luo's eyes lit up: "Hey! This method is feasible!"

Yin Po and Ma Yan also all had happy expressions on their faces.

They also feel that this method is feasible.

At the moment, Jia Luo smiled slightly: "Go! Let's try it!"

As soon as the words fell, he took the lead and walked towards Qin Feng!

The three Bai Zu quickly followed behind!

When the four of them moved, they immediately attracted the attention of the audience.

"Hey! Look! The four adults are heading towards Lord Qin Feng!"

"It really is!"

"My God! Something big is going to happen, right?"

"Haha! That might be a good thing!"Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

At this moment, the players opened their eyes wide and watched curiously.

Anyone can see that the four Jia Luo went to Qin Feng, it should be a bad comer.

In the crowd, there are many people showing schadenfreude...

They wish Qin Feng was unlucky!

It turned out that those people entered the Merit Pavilion later, and none of the resources could be exchanged in the mall.

After learning that Qin Feng took all the resources by himself, they naturally resented Qin Feng, and naturally hoped that Qin Feng would be unlucky.

At the same moment, in the corner of the hall.

Qin Feng is meditating with his eyes closed.

At this moment, his eyelashes trembled slightly, then he slowly opened his eyes, and looked up at the front...

At this moment, Qin Feng's mouth evoked a smile!

Although he was meditating with his eyes closed, he knew everything in the entire hall like the back of his hand!

Including the conspiracy of the four Jia Luo, he heard clearly!

To put it bluntly, the four of Jia Luo underestimated him, thinking that he could not eavesdrop.

What's even more funny is that the four people's plan is also simple, they just want to start a contract gambling!

The two sides made a contract and voluntarily fought a game!

If you die in the battle, Tiandao will resurrect the dead, but you will lose the bet.

Those bets are the avenues for everyone to wake up!