Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After hearing this plan, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He was worried about the lack of avenues, but he didn't expect someone to come to the door in person.

But the four of Jia Luo were worried that Qin Feng did not dare to accept their challenge, and they were still conspiring for a long time before thinking of using aggressive tactics to force Qin Feng to agree.

If they don't agree, they will take the opportunity to humiliate Qin Feng, so as to express the bad anger in their hearts.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to laugh.

Such a good thing, how could he disagree.

Thinking of this, he looked at the four people walking towards him.

Then, he looked at the onlookers not far away.

Among those guys, there are still many people who are gloating!

It seems that there are not a few people who want to see him unlucky!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly upturned, revealing a playful look.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

It was at this moment that nine faint auras lit up continuously on his body, and his momentum was also increasing all the way.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

It turned out that his Mind Body had just refined nine Dao Crystals!

Those nine Dao Crystals were exactly what he got from killing Brahma!

At this point, he finally refined.

As a result, he has mastered 1,265 avenues, and his combat power has also increased to 12.35 trillion!

This is not a small improvement!

"At present, the Dao crystal in my hand can awaken me at most 133 avenues! In this way, when I finish refining the Dao crystal, the number of avenues will reach 1,398, which is 2 less than 14!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart!

If the number of avenues exceeds 14, the jade plate of good fortune can be advanced, which can bring him a lot of benefits.

pity!

The resources of Dao Jing in his hand are not enough to reach 14!

However, his hand is not enough, but someone sent it!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked up again.

At this moment, the four of Jia Luo have come close, and the two sides are only a thousand feet apart.

As soon as he saw Qin Feng, Jia Luo spoke aloud.

"Qin Feng! I'm waiting for the four of them to come. I have a question. I want you to answer it!"

Jia Luo's voice was not loud, but it resounded throughout the hall.

Obviously, he wanted everyone to hear.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Speak!"

Jia Luo said coldly: "Qin Feng! You don't have to pose in front of me! To tell you the truth, this deity is deeply skeptical of your achievement of the first star master! I think you are a master god, how can you surpass me, etc. Four people, take the first place!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of Bai Zu agreed.

"That's right! The old man is also deeply puzzled!"

"Qin Feng! You didn't use any cheating methods, did you?"

"Haha! If you look at yourself, he is probably cheating!"

Several people sang together!

In the end, there was a sense of sarcasm in his tone, just to stimulate Qin Feng.

And their voices spread all over the hall, so that the bystanders not far away could hear them.

Those people immediately looked at each other and discussed in a low voice.

"The four adults are right! How can a person in the main **** realm win the four half-step eternity?"

"Yes! Could it be that Qin Feng really cheated?"

"I think it's very possible!"

"Haha! It turned out to be obtained by cheating! The old man thought he was so powerful!"

Bystanders are also talking about it!

Some even started to sneer in a low voice!

Those murmurs were naturally hidden from Qin Feng, nor from the 220 Jia Luo Si.

When the four of Jia Luo heard those discussions, they couldn't help looking at each other, all showing smug expressions.

This kind of atmosphere is exactly what they want!

As long as Qin Feng dares not to submit, they can be humiliated.

Qin Feng naturally ignored the ants who were watching.

At the moment, he sneered: "The four of you said this to the deity, what do you intend?"

Jia Luo also sneered: "I'm just curious, what means did you rely on to get the first place!"

Qin Feng said in a low voice: "Naturally, it is based on strength?"

Jia Luo sneered: "Strength?! There is no proof! Qin Feng, if it is based on strength, would you dare to confirm it?"

"How to confirm?" Qin Feng asked casually.

Jia Luo smiled and said: "It's very simple! Let's start a game of gambling! This game is not divided between life and death, only high and low. If you dare to fight against us and win us, then we will naturally believe in you!"

Qin Feng sneered: "Why should I bet?! Just to convince you?!"

Jia Luo hurriedly said: "Of course it's not just for convincing, the deity will offer ten avenues to bet with you! If you win, you can get ten from the avenues of my understanding! If you lose, I only want you nine avenues!"

"This has given you a big advantage. You wouldn't dare, would you? If you didn't dare, it would be doubtful, how did you get the first place before!"

As soon as these words came out, they spread all over the hall again.

Not far away, the onlookers were talking again.

"Yeah! Qin Feng took a big advantage of betting on nine of ten avenues! If he doesn't dare to gamble, I'm afraid he is really cheating!"

"It makes sense! You said, does this Qin Feng dare to gamble?"

"Haha! It depends on whether he has real skills!"

These murmurs reached the ears of Jia Luo and the others again.

They looked at Qin Feng more and more proudly and waited for his reply.

"Ten?" Qin Feng pretended to hesitate.

This scene fell in the eyes of the four Jia Luo, but they felt that Qin Feng had no confidence.

They also feel more and more that Qin Feng should be cheating.

Immediately, Bai Zu said strangely: "Qin Feng, there is no life or death in this game! Even if you die in the game, in this temple, Heaven will resurrect you. Don't you dare under such conditions?"

Ma Yan also echoed: "Boy, if you don't dare to bet with fellow Daoist Jia Luo, then bet with this old man! This old man only won the fifth place in this competition, which is the worst performance in the field. I wonder if you dare? "

Granny Yin also smiled and said: "I also want to bet with Qin Feng's little friend! The chips offered are also ten avenues. If you lose, I only need nine!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng frowned: "All four of you want to bet with me?"

Jia Luo smiled and said, "Naturally! Besides, everyone heard what we said just now. How could we break our promise under the watchful eyes of all the people? I'm just asking if you dare?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "If you want to bet against the deity, it's not impossible! It's just that your bet is too small, and the deity is not interested! If you really want to bet, then bet on 40 avenues! Otherwise, no discussion!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

All four of Jia Luo's faces changed slightly!

The weakest Ma Yan was even more astonished.

He has only mastered 44 avenues in total. If he loses, wouldn't it be miserable! .

Chapter nine hundred and eighty-eight of the sky-shattering axe! Five absolute strengths!

huh~!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng returned to the Merit Pavilion!

As soon as he appeared, he saw Caro.

The two sides are only a hundred feet apart!

The sudden appearance of Qin Feng shocked Jia Luo!

"It's you!"

After Jia Luo was astonished, his heart was also suddenly stunned.

No wonder he didn't see Qin Feng before, it turned out that this kid was hiding in a different dimension.

"The deity asks you, are the resources in the mall redeemed by you?"

Caro spoke again.

With a questioning tone, as if questioning a subordinate.

Qin Feng frowned slightly, very upset!

Immediately, he sneered: "What's the matter with you?!"

Caro's face changed greatly!

He didn't expect that Qin Feng would answer like this without giving him any face!

You know, he is a half-step peak power!

The confidence of this kid?

After Jia Luo was shocked, he suddenly became angry: "You..."

Before he could finish his words, Qin Feng turned and left in disdain, not wanting to talk nonsense with him at all!

Carol was suddenly stuck!

He glared at Qin Feng's back angrily, his face flushed with anger, and he was speechless, but there was nothing he could do!

If it hadn't been for the meritorious pavilion to ban fighting, he really wanted to go crazy on the spot!

It wasn't until Qin Feng walked away that Jia Luo held back his anger and turned around and walked back...

It's just that there was a trace of embarrassment in his angry expression,

In front of everyone's eyes, he was scolded by Qin Feng like that, and his face must be dull.

Soon, Caro walked back to the crowd.

Those players suddenly looked apprehensive and did not dare to look at them, for fear that Jia Luo would take anger on them.

At this time, Caro looked at the crowd!

"Before, you said that the person who redeemed the resources was the kid?"

This question, everyone looked at each other.

Afterwards, they nodded slightly, not daring to hide!

Carol suddenly understood!

"Humph! Sure enough, it's him!"

Immediately, Jia Luo looked at Qin Feng angrily again...

When everyone heard this, they seemed to understand.