Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Qin Feng, a newcomer, your combat power has reached more than 100 stars, and you have obtained the qualification for the 'Saint Martial Assessment'. 】

[Reminder: Go to the big world, find the Vientiane Temple, and enter the Shengwu Hall in it to participate in the Shengwu assessment. 】

[If you pass the Shengwu assessment, you will gain the power of heaven and transform your body. After the transformation is completed, you will gain immeasurable benefits, and at the same time you will gain the title of a prefecture-level powerhouse. 】

[Reminder: Excellent performance in the Shengwu assessment will get a higher evaluation. The higher the evaluation, the greater the transformation effort to obtain the power of heaven, and the more benefits obtained. 】

[It is recommended that assessors should consolidate their foundations and improve their strengths, and strive to obtain higher evaluations in the assessment. 】

what!

Qin Feng was surprised.

It turned out that after the combat power reached 100 stars, you could go to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

After passing the assessment, he can actually get the power of heaven to transform his body.

To put it bluntly, it is a chance of physical evolution rewarded by Heavenly Dao after reaching the assessment standard.

Only those who have undergone that physical evolution can become a true Earth-level powerhouse.

Great!

He finally knew how to become an Earth-level powerhouse.

It seems that he has to speed up the task of opening the map and rush to the Temple of Vientiane as soon as possible.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

roar~! roar~!

It was at this moment that the two Great Fire Kings had already been slaughtered.

They instantly turned into two large white flames, and merged together into a larger white flame.

In this way, the strengths are joined together, and the temperature is as high as tens of thousands of degrees.

In the next second, a huge white flame engulfed Qin Feng.

But after a while, there were two miserable roars from the flames.

The two Fire Essence Kings regained their human form like lightning and withdrew.

Qin Feng's figure was revealed again.

At this moment, he has transformed into a flame war god, and his whole body is lit with black and red **** flames.

This scene surprised the spirits in the audience.

This human not only blocked the joint efforts of the two fire kings, but also repelled the two fire kings.

He was able to withstand the terrifying high temperature of the white flame.

In fact, Qin Feng's state is not very good.

Although he used the flames of **** to resist the high temperature of the white flame of the fire king, and used the power of darkness in the **** flames to hurt two fire kings, he was also injured.

The two Fire Essence Kings joined forces to emit a high temperature of tens of thousands of degrees. Even with the protection of **** flames, the super high temperature also burned him through the layers.

At this moment, huge blisters appeared on his arm, and his fingers were also scorched, and the pain was unbearable.

This round can be described as a lose-lose.

Of course, if it wasn't for the harassment of thousands of spirit monsters, how could the two fire spirit kings hurt Qin Feng.

But the current situation is different, Qin Feng, facing the alliance of the two major fire kings, can't avoid it, but can only bear it.

roar~! roar~!

The two fire spirit kings roared in shock.

They were shocked by Qin Feng's strength.

But then, they found out that Qin Feng was also injured.

The two monsters were overjoyed.

roar~! roar~!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the next second, the two Fire Kings slaughtered Qin Feng again.

They are going to work hard with Qin Feng, exchanging injuries for injuries, to consume Qin Feng to death.

At the same moment, the Fire Rock King also arrived.

The three kings will join forces.

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint green light.

Rejuvenation - Activate!

The burns on his body suddenly recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The 122nd chapter has been upgraded successively, and the strength has skyrocketed!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's injury completely recovered.

At this time, the two kings of fire spirits attacked again, and they joined forces in an instant, turning into white flames in the sky and swallowing Qin Feng.

Boom~!

Qin Feng also broke out in an instant, and the **** flames around him soared several feet, and the momentum increased by a point.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, white flames and **** flames collided!

Black and white flames intertwined!

After only a few breaths, the two Great Fire Kings roared miserably and flinched again.

Their momentum also dropped ~ a point.

At the same moment, the Fire Rock King arrived and punched Qin Feng.

Its fist is extremely huge, about a dozen feet in diameter, like the size of a car.

That punch came, and the fist wind whistled, covering the sky and the ground, and the momentum was extremely amazing.

"roll!"

But at this moment, the sword light flashed!

Qin Feng slashed at the giant fist with a knife.

In the blink of an eye, swords and fists collided!

Click ~ click ~ click!

A bang!

The giant fist burst into pieces in an instant, turning into countless rubble.

Immediately afterwards, the huge body of the Fire Rock King was also blasted out by the knife.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Earth shakes!

The Fire Rock King fell heavily to the ground.

Shock!

Shocked!

At this moment, the spirits and monsters in the audience were shocked!

The power of this human being is so terrifying.

But at this moment, the Fire Rock King climbed up, and a pale yellow aura lit up at the broken hand.

In the next second, countless rubble flew towards the broken hand, and re-condensed a hand, like a new life.

It actually completely repaired the injury, and it seemed to be uninjured.

roar~!

As soon as it recovered, it roared wildly and rushed towards Qin Feng again.

This man actually hurt it!

It wants revenge!

However, although it repaired the arm, its momentum still dropped by a point.

Obviously, Qin Feng's knife still caused some damage to it.

At the same moment, the two fire kings also rushed towards Qin Feng again.

It's just that their momentum is weaker than before.

However, the two Fire Kings have ignored this.

After they saw that Qin Feng was injured, they wanted to consume the human being in front of them in this way.

After all, they are extremely special. No matter how many injuries they suffer, they can recover as long as they return to the magma to rest for a while.

Humans cannot do this.

This is the confidence that they dare to exchange injury for injury!

The Fire Rock King also had a similar idea.

It can manipulate gravel to repair itself, and it is also half undead.

As long as it consumes like this, the human being in front of him will surely die.

At this moment, the three kings madly rushed towards Qin Feng with the same idea.

And Qin Feng held a seal in one hand and a knife in the other, while fighting against the three kings, while slaughtering thousands of spirits.

Just like that, the two sides fight!

For a time, the sun and the moon were killed in the field, and the sky and the earth changed color.

The three kings were continuously injured, and their momentum slowly declined.

Qin Feng was also injured from time to time.

It's just that the three kings didn't realize that whenever Qin Feng was injured, Qin Feng would secretly perform a rejuvenation technique to instantly recover the injury.

From start to finish, he was unscathed.

On the contrary, the momentum of the three kings is constantly declining.

Those fire spirits and fire rock giants are dying tragically.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One after another, the fire essence collapsed!

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 16 magma fire essence, and obtained +910 energy value. 】

 …

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

One after another, the flaming giants burst!

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 17 Fire Rock Giant and obtained +990 energy value. 】

 …

Countless white lights poured into Qin Feng's body, and his energy value was soaring like a blowout.

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.