Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As a result, he has mastered 1,265 avenues, and his combat power has also increased to 12.35 trillion!

This is not a small improvement!

"At present, the Dao crystal in my hand can awaken me at most 133 avenues! In this way, when I finish refining the Dao crystal, the number of avenues will reach 1,398, which is 2 less than 14!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart!

If the number of avenues exceeds 14, the jade plate of good fortune can be advanced, which can bring him a lot of benefits.

pity!

The resources of Dao Jing in his hand are not enough to reach 14!

However, his hand is not enough, but someone sent it!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked up again.

At this moment, the four of Jia Luo have come close, and the two sides are only a thousand feet apart.

As soon as he saw Qin Feng, Jia Luo spoke aloud.

"Qin Feng! I'm waiting for the four of them to come. I have a question. I want you to answer it!"

Jia Luo's voice was not loud, but it resounded throughout the hall.

Obviously, he wanted everyone to hear.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Speak!"

Jia Luo said coldly: "Qin Feng! You don't have to pose in front of me! To tell you the truth, this deity is deeply skeptical of your achievement of the first star master! I think you are a master god, how can you surpass me, etc. Four people, take the first place!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of Bai Zu agreed.

"That's right! The old man is also deeply puzzled!"

"Qin Feng! You didn't use any cheating methods, did you?"

"Haha! If you look at yourself, he is probably cheating!"

Several people sang together!

In the end, there was a sense of sarcasm in his tone, just to stimulate Qin Feng.

And their voices spread all over the hall, so that the bystanders not far away could hear them.

Those people immediately looked at each other and discussed in a low voice.

"The four adults are right! How can a person in the main **** realm win the four half-step eternity?"

"Yes! Could it be that Qin Feng really cheated?"

"I think it's very possible!"

"Haha! It turned out to be obtained by cheating! The old man thought he was so powerful!"

Bystanders are also talking about it!

Some even started to sneer in a low voice!

Those murmurs were naturally hidden from Qin Feng, nor from the 220 Jia Luo Si.

When the four of Jia Luo heard those discussions, they couldn't help looking at each other, all showing smug expressions.

This kind of atmosphere is exactly what they want!

As long as Qin Feng dares not to submit, they can be humiliated.

Qin Feng naturally ignored the ants who were watching.

At the moment, he sneered: "The four of you said this to the deity, what do you intend?"

Jia Luo also sneered: "I'm just curious, what means did you rely on to get the first place!"

Qin Feng said in a low voice: "Naturally, it is based on strength?"

Jia Luo sneered: "Strength?! There is no proof! Qin Feng, if it is based on strength, would you dare to confirm it?"

"How to confirm?" Qin Feng asked casually.

Jia Luo smiled and said: "It's very simple! Let's start a game of gambling! This game is not divided between life and death, only high and low. If you dare to fight against us and win us, then we will naturally believe in you!"

Qin Feng sneered: "Why should I bet?! Just to convince you?!"

Jia Luo hurriedly said: "Of course it's not just for convincing, the deity will offer ten avenues to bet with you! If you win, you can get ten from the avenues of my understanding! If you lose, I only want you nine avenues!"

"This has given you a big advantage. You wouldn't dare, would you? If you didn't dare, it would be doubtful, how did you get the first place before!"

As soon as these words came out, they spread all over the hall again.

Not far away, the onlookers were talking again.

"Yeah! Qin Feng took a big advantage of betting on nine of ten avenues! If he doesn't dare to gamble, I'm afraid he is really cheating!"

"It makes sense! You said, does this Qin Feng dare to gamble?"

"Haha! It depends on whether he has real skills!"

These murmurs reached the ears of Jia Luo and the others again.

They looked at Qin Feng more and more proudly and waited for his reply.

"Ten?" Qin Feng pretended to hesitate.

This scene fell in the eyes of the four Jia Luo, but they felt that Qin Feng had no confidence.

They also feel more and more that Qin Feng should be cheating.

Immediately, Bai Zu said strangely: "Qin Feng, there is no life or death in this game! Even if you die in the game, in this temple, Heaven will resurrect you. Don't you dare under such conditions?"

Ma Yan also echoed: "Boy, if you don't dare to bet with fellow Daoist Jia Luo, then bet with this old man! This old man only won the fifth place in this competition, which is the worst performance in the field. I wonder if you dare? "

Granny Yin also smiled and said: "I also want to bet with Qin Feng's little friend! The chips offered are also ten avenues. If you lose, I only need nine!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng frowned: "All four of you want to bet with me?"

Jia Luo smiled and said, "Naturally! Besides, everyone heard what we said just now. How could we break our promise under the watchful eyes of all the people? I'm just asking if you dare?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "If you want to bet against the deity, it's not impossible! It's just that your bet is too small, and the deity is not interested! If you really want to bet, then bet on 40 avenues! Otherwise, no discussion!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

All four of Jia Luo's faces changed slightly!

The weakest Ma Yan was even more astonished.

He has only mastered 44 avenues in total. If he loses, wouldn't it be miserable! .

Chapter 989 The beginning of no name! The strong enemy is coming!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky shook!

Four black beams of light descended from the sky, shrouding the four of them.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The next second, the avenues on the four of them began to be stripped away, and their momentum plummeted!

Suddenly, the faces of the four of them were full of pain, and there was a constant roar, the roar shook the hall!

The onlookers were horrified!

One by one can't even breathe!

It didn't take long for the four of Jia Luo to be stripped of the 40-day avenue, and their momentum plummeted!

Najia Luo originally mastered 72 avenues. He was killed by Qin Feng before and lost 7 avenues. Now he has stripped 40 avenues, so there are only 35 avenues left!

This suddenly caused his realm to plummet all the way to half-step eternity!

Bai Zu and Yin Po also fell to the half-step eternal threshold!

That Ma Shan is the most miserable!

He originally mastered 44 avenues, and he lost 4 of them when Qin Feng killed the true spirit. Now he has been stripped of 40, and the avenues are all lost!

His Dao foundation has completely collapsed, and his cultivation has plummeted from half-step eternity all the way to the realm of the king of gods, not even half-step eternity!

"Ah~~! My realm!"

At this moment, Ma Yan's extremely desperate roar resounded in the field!

Jia Luo, Bai Zu, and Yin Po are also lost!

Luck is gone!

The cultivation base plummeted!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Star-Lord rewards and ranking rewards they had previously won were far from worth these losses!

Thinking of this, the four of them became even more grief-stricken!

Not far away, when everyone saw this scene, they were dumbfounded, their mouths wide open!

Gosh!

Such a huge loss!

This is too bad!

Everyone mourns!

hum~~!

At this moment, there was another burst of sky shaking!

Immediately afterwards, a golden beam of light descended from the sky and fell on Qin Feng!

In the next second, 160 Taiqing Daojing slowly fell along the beam of light.

Those Taiqing Daojing were condensed from the avenues stripped from the four of Jialuo.

Seeing this scene, the audience was stunned again, and their hearts were shocked!

Many people also showed envy in their eyes!

The four of Jia Luo were also alarmed!

They raised their heads in despair, and saw those Dao Jing, their hearts were broken, and the pain was so painful that they could not breathe.

After a while, those Dao Jing fell in front of Qin Feng!

He happily put away Dao Jing and took stock of it.

Soon, his eyes fell on one of the white Dao crystals, and his eyes showed great joy!

[The Daojing of Name: It contains the Innate Dao - Dao of Name! 】

[The way of name: nameless, the beginning of heaven and earth; name, the mother of all things. All things are born of righteousness because of their names, and they exist because of their names! 】

good! good!

Among these 1621 Dao Crystals, one is the Innate Dao!

This time, he made a lot of money!

Presumably this 'Road of Fame' was stripped from Ma Yan!

Qin Feng thought excitedly, and sent it into the small universe, allowing the mind body to refine.

He guessed right!

That avenue of names is what Ma Yan realized!

According to the rules of this bet, the bet is all about the day after tomorrow!

But Ma Yan only has 44 avenues, and he has stripped all the acquired avenues, and he is still one bet.

Tiandao stripped his 'dao of fame', and then rewarded it to Qin Feng!

This is cheap Qin Feng!

In short, the bet that Qin Feng won is more than the value it should have!