Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Soon, he finished the inventory.

Of the remaining 159 Taiqing Daojing, he has 63 that can be refined, and the rest are awakened Dao, which can be used to train his subordinates.

Also, he killed four of Jia Luo before and obtained 22 Dao Crystals, 7 of which can be refined.

In this way, he has harvested a total of 182 Dao Crystals this time, 70 Taiqing Dao Crystals can be refined, and 1 Innate Dao Crystal can be refined.

After the inventory, Qin Feng put away Daojing with satisfaction and sent it into his own small universe

After doing this, he slowly raised his head and looked forward

Only then did the four of Jialuo come to their senses, looking at him in horror, not daring to move when they stood there.

"Don't get out yet?!"

Qin Feng spoke quietly.

"Yes... yes! My lord!"

The four of Jia Luo were terrified, turned around and walked away one by one, running faster than each other!

Up to now, they don't even have the courage to look at Qin Feng, how dare they disobey Qin Feng's order

In the blink of an eye, the four of Jia Luo left the Hall of Merit as if they had fled.

Qin Feng turned his head and looked at the bystanders!

Those bystanders were immediately nervous, and they lowered their heads in fright.

Especially the players who had ridiculed Qin Feng before were trembling with fear at this time.

The atmosphere in the field became extremely depressed and extremely quiet at this moment!

Qin Feng glanced at these people coldly, a little disgusted.

Before, there were a lot of schadenfreude!

Now, no one dared to raise his head in front of him!

"Go away!" Qin Feng said.

Everyone is amnesty!

One by one, they rolled and climbed, escaping to the exit like a tide.

In a blink of an eye, everyone escaped completely, and no one stayed.

The field became quiet!

After Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, he showed a satisfied smile.

He loves the quiet environment!

Immediately, he stepped out in one step, teleported to the corner of the hall, and continued to meditate cross-legged.

In this way, Qin Feng meditated while waiting for the closure of Daluo Tianjing

At the same time, outside the secret realm.

The group led by Venerable Jie Yin has arrived at the Dark Demon Realm and went deep into the center of the Dark Demon Realm.

They want to invite the Dark Domain Lord to go to the Azure Dragon Star Domain together and destroy Qin Feng's Blue Star Realm!

The Dark Domain Lord is a half-step peak powerhouse and a rare helper!

Blue Star Realm dark tide surges! Crisis is getting closer

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than ten hours have passed!

There is still an hour left in the Daluo Tianjing, and it will be closed.

In other words, Qin Feng can go out in another hour.

At this time, in the corner of the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the ground, still in retreat.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Suddenly, several avenues of aura lighted up on his body, and his momentum skyrocketed!

It turned out that he had awakened several avenues!

After a while, the Dao Awakening is over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Good harvest this time!

Today, he only has 70 Dao Crystals that he waged with the four of Jia Luo, and the famous Dao Crystals that have not been refined.

The rest of the Dao Jing, he has all refined.

In addition, that group of Hongmeng Purple Qi has been refined to 90%, and it is also very close to complete refining.

In short, he refined more than 100 Dao Crystals during this period of time, and his strength has improved a lot.

As for the specific improvement, you have to check it to know.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme

[Air Luck]: 780,000 times

【Reputation】: 5.94 million points

[Basic combat power]: 12.63 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 35

[Total number of avenues]: 1398

[Meritorious Value]: 357,000 points

The combat power has reached 12.63 trillion!

This is still a little short of the goal of 13 trillion!

Qin Feng frowned slightly, a little anxious.

Counting the time, the group should arrive at the Blue Star Realm soon!

With the strength of his four avatars, there should be more than an 80% chance of being able to keep the Blue Star Realm.

But after the introduction, there is another super strong man who will arrive at the last minute!

That person should be one of the five absolute powerhouses!

With the strength of the four avatars, it is still unable to stop the five absolute powerhouses.

At the last minute, the chances of being able to keep the Blue Star Realm are about 40%.

Forty percent!

The odds are too low!

That's at least a 50% chance!

To reach 50%, Qin Feng's combat power must exceed 13 trillion!

But his current combat power is only 12.63 trillion, and he is still 3.7 billion stars away from 13 trillion!

"Only the last hour left! I don't know if I can increase my combat power to 13 trillion within this hour?"

At this moment, Qin Feng felt urgent.

If he wants to improve his combat power quickly, he can only refine the Dao Jing and Hongmeng Purple Qi in his hands as soon as possible.

If all of them are refined, breaking 13 trillion is not a big problem!

At least by refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi, he can be promoted to the master of the advanced universe, and his strength can skyrocket!

Today, his universe is at an advanced level.

But he is still the master of the intermediate universe, and he urgently needs to improve.

what! correct!

The number of avenues I have now is 1398, and there are only 2 missing, and I can make the Fortune Jade Plate advance!

At that time, he can skyrocket a lot of combat power!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly flipped his palm, and there was a piece of Taiqing Daojing in his palm, which had been refined by 90%!

That's the mind body refining, Qin Feng can't wait, he wants to refine it himself.

His refining speed is much faster than the mind body!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to refine the Taiqing Daojing

Om~! Om~! Om~!

But at this moment, three dazzling auras lit up on him again.

Heaven also sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your mind body has refined Taiqing Daojing (Tianluo), and you begin to awaken Tianluo Avenue]

[Reminder: Your mind body has refined Taiqing Daojing (earth net), and you begin to awaken the ground net avenue]

[Reminder: Your mind body has refined Taiqing Daojing (Mantra), and you begin to awaken the Tao of Mantra]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum continued to rise, and Daoguang was released!

He was overjoyed!

He was worried that the number of avenues was still 2, but he didn't expect to wake up to 3 right away. What a bad luck!

Boom~Long~Long~!

That thought came to me, and the jade plate of good fortune was activated.

[Reminder: The number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ is detected, reaching 1401, which meets the advanced requirements and automatically opens the advanced….]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 17 to rank 18! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 18th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 18%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 18th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency of the avenue scroll is increased by 18%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 18th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 1.2 billion stars! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, Qin Feng's momentum began to soar wildly!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After all the ascension was over, he opened his eyes again, and his face was full of joy.

After a while, his combat power soared to 12.75 trillion stars, only 25 trillion away from the goal of 13 trillion.

Even better, the Fortune Jade Plate has been upgraded!

The speed of his refining Dao Crystal has accelerated again!

In the next hour, he will definitely be able to refine the remaining Taiqing Dao crystal.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very happy.

He also saw the hope of breaking 13 trillion!

The next second, he closed his eyes and began to refine the Dao Jing in his hand.

At the same time, outside the secret realm.

At this moment, within the realm of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

Receiving the Venerable and his group, they are rushing towards the old nest of the Azure Dragon Star Region.