Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

There are seven strong people in this line!

Except for Moses, Venerable Jieyin, Brahma, and Shiva, there are three new superpowers!

Among the three, one had a black demon snake wrapped around his arm, resembling a cobra.

The aura of the person and the demon snake blended together, which was extremely strange!

But the momentum it exudes has suddenly reached a half-step Great Perfection!

He is the Vishnu who has been waiting for the reception and others!

Look at the second of the three!

It was a man who was covered in black mist, and his aura was extremely cold, but his aura was also a half-step eternal peak, and he was only one line away from the half-step Great Perfection.

He is the domain master of the Dark Demon Realm - the Dark Realm Master!

This time, he accepted the invitation of Venerable Receipt and gladly promised to destroy the Blue Star Realm.

Look at the last of the three!

His body is tall and his muscles are knotted, but his breath is vicissitudes!

But the momentum he exudes has also reached a half-step Great Perfection, even stronger than Vishnu, Shiva, and Brahma.

In terms of momentum, he should be the strongest person in the field!

This person is the ancient **** - Ra!

The God of Ra and the previous Lord of the Universe were figures of the same period.

It's just that his cultivation progress is slow, and he is still half a step into the Great Perfection, but his strength is extremely powerful, stronger than Vishnu, Shiva, and Brahma!

This Rashen has a close relationship with the Dark Lord!

When the Lord of the Darkness was invited by His Holiness, he happened to encounter Rashen who also came to visit the Lord of the Darkness.

Receiving and quoting promises great benefits, and also sends an invitation to La God!

Without thinking much, Rashen readily agreed.

And his joining made Jie Yin and others a great surprise.

They are more confident about their next actions.

"Fellow Daoist, are we almost there?"

At this moment, Brahma's voice sounded in the team.

Xie Yin smiled and looked forward: "Ten minutes at most! We will be there! This time, the Blue Star Realm is destined to be destroyed!"

Brahma said with a smile: "That's natural! This time, we have four half-step greats, two half-step peaks, and one quasi-half-step great. With such strength, who can resist?"

"Unless Qin Feng's child comes back, he can still resist one or two! It's a pity! That child is trapped in Daluo Tianjing and can't get out!"

Speaking of this, Brahma's face was smug, full of schadenfreude.

Qin Feng beheaded him several times, causing him to lose the avenue and the opportunity!

He hated Qin Feng for a long time, and wished to bomb the Blue Star Realm earlier to avenge the chance!

But as soon as his words fell, Vishnu took the conversation unhappily.

"Haha! Fellow Daoist Brahma, are you looking at that Qin Feng too much? A junior in the main **** realm! Even if he returns in time, I can still destroy the Blue Star Realm, and even kill him together!"

As soon as these words fell, La Shen also nodded slightly: "That's right! How strong can a small main **** realm be? Daoist Brahma, you look down on Qin Feng too much!"

"Uh...this..."

Brahma opened his mouth to say something.

After thinking about it, he closed his mouth, too lazy to explain.

Along the way, he mentioned Qin Feng's strength a lot, saying that Qin Feng has the strength beyond the half-step Great Perfection.

But I don't want to, none of these guys believe it!

Who would believe that a main **** realm can surpass the half-step Great Perfection!

Even these guys thought that he deliberately exaggerated Qin Feng's strength because he wanted to gain some face for the failure of the main **** assessment.

In the eyes of these people, Qin Feng's strength is at most half a step of great perfection, and it will never surpass them.

This is the limit they can accept!

For this reason, Brahma was not less mocked by these guys, and he didn't bother to explain anymore, so as not to get angry!

Anyway, this time is to destroy Qin Feng's lair, not to fight against Qin Feng. It doesn't matter whether you know Qin Feng's strength or not.

"Hey! This is"

At this moment, Ying Yin felt something, took out the communication talisman from the storage ring and watched it.

A moment later, after reading the information in the jade talisman, a happy expression appeared on his face.

Brahma was curious: "What is the message of receiving and leading Daoist friends?"

Xie Yin smiled and said, "It's a message from Kunzu! In another hour, he'll be there!"

Chapter 990 Showdown Star Territory! All refining!

Xie Yin smiled and said, "It's a message from Kunzu! He'll be there in an hour or so!"

Brahma was overjoyed: "About an hour? Isn't that the time when Qin Feng's child came out?"

Nodding, "Exactly!"

Brahma said happily: "Haha! That's great! When Kunzu arrives, we will join forces with him to destroy Qin Feng's child~!"

Jie Yin laughed loudly: "Haha! That's what the big sacrifice to heaven means!-"

Vishnu curled his lips: "I really want to destroy that Qin Feng child, I'll be enough to wait! There's no need to trouble Kun Zu at all!"

Ra, Shiva, and the Lord of Darkness all nodded, agreeing with Vishnu's point of view.

Seeing this, Brahma opened his mouth, again looking like he was hesitant to speak.

After thinking about it, he closed his mouth, knowing that it was useless to talk too much!

hey~!

These guys underestimate Qin Feng!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

When they met Qin Feng, they knew that they were arrogant.

Of course, it's not entirely their fault!

If he hadn't experienced it himself, he wouldn't have believed that Qin Feng would be so strong!

It is estimated that Qin Feng's strength is very close to the five best!

Brahma muttered in his heart.

According to sentient beings' assessment of the strength of the Five Absolutes, that is, the minimum attack power must reach 90 trillion stars!

When Brahma faced Qin Feng for the last time, Qin Feng's attack reached 84 trillion stars, which is almost the same as 90 trillion!

Because of this, Brahma Genius thinks that Qin Feng's strength is close to the top five.

He didn't know that Qin Feng's current attack power had already exceeded 90 trillion.

Even if he didn't use the power of six paths of reincarnation and sacrifice, his attack would be close to 120 trillion.

If the strongest blow erupted, it would be even more terrifying.

Obviously, Brahma also underestimated Qin Feng.

He couldn't imagine that in just one day, Qin Feng's strength would be so different.

However, he has tried his best to evaluate Qin Feng fairly.

On the other hand, Vishnu and several others underestimated Qin Feng.

Even with Venerable Yin, he even suspected that Brahma had overestimated Qin Feng.

Of course, he knew more about receiving and quoting than Vishnu and the others, and he did not dare to be careless.

Immediately, the receptionist smiled and said: "Brother Pi, let Kun Zu deal with Qin Feng, it is the meaning of sacrifice to the sky. I don't need to evaluate it when I wait. I will speed up the time and destroy Qin Feng's nest before talking!"

Vishnu nodded slightly: "That's right!"

As soon as these words fell, the strong men stopped talking.

In the next second, they will speed up and rush towards the old nest of the Azure Dragon Star Region.

At the same time, the old nest of the Azure Dragon Star Region.

There are hundreds of planets in that central area, one of which is the Blue Star Realm.

The Blue Star Realm was originally a last-class planet with a very small size, and it was inconspicuous among the hundreds of planets!

But it is the key protection target of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

At this moment, in the sky above the Blue Star Realm, hundreds of God Kings gathered.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord hangs above the God Kings.

At this time, he looked a little nervous and a little expectant.

In less than an hour, Qin Feng will be out!

Then, his task of protecting the Blue Star Realm has been successfully completed.

I hope that in the last minute, there will be no moths!

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master couldn't help but take a deep breath.

In order to protect the Blue Star Realm, he has gathered all 90% of the God Kings in the Azure Dragon Starfield here.

It was at this moment that Venerable Ziyuan's voice sounded behind him.

"Domain Lord, in fifty minutes, Daluo Tianjing will be closed, and Lord Qin Feng will return! I don't know what kind of strength will Lord Qin Feng come back this time?"

Zi Yuan's tone was full of curiosity.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord pondered: "Before Daoist Qin Feng entered, his comprehensive strength reached the peak of half a step! This time, he will be promoted to the main **** realm and become a star master! If my expectations are not bad, his strength should be improved to Half-step Great Perfection level!"

Zi Yuan exclaimed: "Hey~! My God! Half-step perfection! Domain Lord, will Lord Qin Feng really become so strong?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled slightly: "Yes! He is the person with the strongest talent and potential that I have ever met. The deity believes that he can do it!"

Having said that, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord raised his head slightly, looking into the depths of the starry sky, with expectation in his eyes.

Venerable Ziyuan took a deep breath, revealing a worried look.

He looked at his own domain master and believed so much in Lord Qin Feng.

If the strength of Lord Qin Feng does not reach the half-step perfection, I am afraid that it will disappoint the owner of the domain.

He has a good impression of Qin Feng, and naturally hopes that Qin Feng can do it!

Obviously, Zi Yuan underestimated Qin Feng's growth rate!

Not only was Zi Yuan underestimated, but the Azure Dragon Domain Master was also underestimated!

Today, Qin Feng's strength is more than half-step perfection?

He has already exceeded the half-step limit, reached the level of the Five Absolutes, and is even considered a leader among the Five Absolutes.

Of course, Qin Feng still has a lot of resources to digest!

After he has finished refining the group of Hongmeng purple energy, he will be able to be promoted to the advanced master of the universe in one fell swoop.

At that time, Qin Feng's strength will skyrocket a lot, perhaps surpassing the five absolutes and becoming the first person under eternity!

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly felt something, and hurriedly looked outside the Star Domain Center.

Looking at it, he saw that outside the center of the star field, there were seven extremely small black spots, rushing towards the center of the star field.

The speed of the seven black dots is extremely fast, and it is extremely extraordinary at first glance.

He stared at it again, and found that the seven black dots were seven human beings!

Looking at the speed of those people, they have reached the half-step eternal level!