Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly felt bad.

At this time, Zi Yuan also discovered an abnormality.

He couldn't help but nervously said: "Domain Lord, it seems that seven half-step eternal powerhouses have come. Could it be?"

Zi Yuan looked a little uneasy.

At this moment, the **** kings in the field were all disturbed and looked at them one after another.

After seeing the plot in the distance, the god-kings were also panicked.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Suddenly, seven half-step eternals appeared, something was wrong!

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked solemn: "At this time, so many half-step Eternals suddenly appeared! I'm afraid the comers are not good!"

Zi Yuan's face changed slightly: "Domain Lord, what should I do?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord took a deep breath: "Wait, stay here! I'll go meet them for a while!"

Zi Yuan was startled: "Domain Lord, if you go alone, I'm afraid it's a little dangerous. It's better to use the strongest state, and you can advance and retreat freely!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded slightly: "That's how it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, he pinched the seal and activated the secret technique!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, in the center of the entire star field, all the stars are shining brightly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next second, each star flew out a golden light, pouring into the body of the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed all the way.

It turned out that the Azure Dragon Domain Master launched the power of heaven and earth to feed back, and is absorbing the power of heaven and earth in the center of the entire star domain, so that he has reached the strongest state!

Every star field master, in his own lair, is the strongest!

The operation of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord naturally alarmed all the planets.

The creatures on those planets all raised their heads and looked towards the location of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, the floating city, a secret room.

The Mirage clone, the Moon Spirit clone, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Wood Spirit clone are closing their eyes and meditating.

At this time, the huge movement outside shocked the four avatars.

At the moment, the four avatars opened their eyes one after another!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next second, the consciousness of the four avatars was released, and instantly swept the center of the entire star field, and also scanned seven people!

It turns out that a strong enemy is coming!

Soon, the four avatars figured out the cause of the matter!

At the moment, Mirage, Yueling, and Bingling slowly got up.

They are going to meet with the Azure Dragon Domain Master for a while with the seven people.

The wood spirit didn't move!

He intends to stay behind for a while and wait and see what happens.

If there are more than seven people on the other side, and there are others watching, it will be a trick.

In any case, Qin Feng must protect the Blue Star Realm and the nest of the Azure Dragon Star Territory.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was very kind to him!

He couldn't cause harm to the nest of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

Just like that, Mirage, Moon Spirit, and Ice Spirit flashed and disappeared into the secret room.

At the same moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master has already absorbed the power of heaven and earth!

At this moment, his momentum has reached 8 trillion stars, suddenly reaching the half-step Great Perfection level!

This greatly increased the confidence of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

At the moment, he showed a confident smile!

He didn't know yet that among the seven people who came, four were half-step Great Perfection.

If he had known, he would not be so confident.

"Okay! Ziyuan, you all stay here. The deity goes over and sees!"

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord gave an order and planned to leave

Zi Yuan was a little worried: "Domain Lord! The other party is seven! You have to be careful!"

"Um!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded slightly and his expression became serious.

There are so many people on the other side, and he doesn't dare to be careless!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

It was at this moment that white light flashed next to him!

Mirage, Moon Spirit, and Ice Spirit appeared out of thin air.

"Hey! It's you!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord recognized the three avatars at a glance, and a look of surprise appeared in his eyes.

He naturally knew that these three were Qin Feng's clones!

He has also seen the three avatars shot, and the comprehensive strength has reached the half-step eternal level, which must not be underestimated!

Having said that, Qin Feng's four clones have extremely strong concealment skills.

Even though they were all in the Blue Star Realm, the Azure Dragon Domain Master did not sense it.

And the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is not easy to inquire, and thought that these four avatars went to Daluo Tianjing with Qin Feng.

After all, these four avatars are not weak, and bringing them into the secret realm will be of great help.

Now it seems that Qin Feng only took away one, and left three!

"Brother Qinglong, but a strong enemy is coming?"

The Mirage clone took the initiative to say hello.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord did not dare to neglect.

This avatar also represents Qin Feng.

Immediately, he said: "Seven half-step eternal powerhouses have come, most of them are here to ask for trouble. I was going to meet them for a while!"

Mirage smiled slightly: "Brother, then the three of us will accompany you and meet them for a while!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was overjoyed: "That's the best! All three have half-step eternal strength, and with you guys by your side, Qing will not look alone!"

Hearing this, the three avatars looked at each other and smiled secretly.

Today, the strength of the body has soared, and the basic combat power is approaching 13 trillion.

This also makes their combat power and momentum break 10 trillion stars.

However, the weakness of the clones is the lack of attack augmentation methods, and their attack power will not be doubled too exaggeratedly, but they have fully reached the level of half-step great perfection.

In other words, the comprehensive combat power of the four avatars has all reached half-step Great Perfection, which is not comparable to half-step eternity.

Obviously, the Azure Dragon Domain Master underestimated them!

The three avatars of the Mirage are not broken.

Immediately, Mirage said: "Brother Qinglong, let's go!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord took the lead and left.

The three avatars followed closely behind!

The king of gods watched nervously

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm.

The wood spirit clone hid in the dark, silently watching the movement and stillness outside!

He is the hidden killer!

If there is an emergency change, he can teleport to the three major clones with a space call.

Just like this, under the secret attention of the wood spirit clone, the Azure Dragon Domain Master and his party quickly approached.

It didn't take long for the Azure Dragon Domain Master and the three clones to arrive at the border of the Star Territory's old nest, and they were very close to the group.

The two sides are only hundreds of millions of miles apart, and they can barely see each other!

This makes both parties nervous!

Everyone slowed down and approached slowly.

The tense atmosphere gradually formed

At this moment, something is also happening in Daluotian territory.

At this time, in the corner of the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng's body is constantly lighting up the avenues.

When those auras stopped, he slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy.

He finally refined all those Taiqing Daojing!

This efficiency far exceeded his expectations!

Thinking about it, it was advanced before Fortune Jade Butterfly, and the refining speed was also accelerated.

In short, he now has 1,468 avenues, and his combat power has soared to 12.82 trillion stars.

This is still a line behind his goal of 13 trillion!

He has no resources to refine.

The remaining Mingzhi Daojing (Xiantian) and Hongmeng Ziqi are still being refined, and they will not be finished for a while.

"It's still a little worse! I don't know when the Tao Jing and Hongmeng Ziqi will be refined?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and was a little anxious.

"Hey~! This is"

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something and looked up in the direction of the Azure Dragon Starfield.

The next second, he frowned slightly.

It turned out that through the telepathy of the four avatars, he sensed the incoming attack of the reception and others.

Right now, the three avatars and the seven people are about to meet!

Through the eyes of the phantom avatar, he vaguely noticed that there seemed to be four half-step perfections on the opposite side!

"It's coming fast!"

Qin Feng slowly retracted his eyes and frowned slightly.

He still has more than 40 minutes before he can leave the Daluo Tianjing, and the first wave of enemy attacks has arrived.

Looking at the momentum of the incoming enemy, I am afraid that the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master will not be able to take advantage of it!

If he can break through the 13 trillion battle power now, he should be able to prevail!

The combination of the famous Daojing and Hongmeng Ziqi will take a lot of time, and it is impossible in a short time, so there is no need to count on it.

"Is there no way? Hey! That's right!"

This matter, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he seemed to think of something, and his face was overjoyed.