Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that he thought of a wonderful method, but in a very short period of time, his combat power exceeded 13 trillion!

With this in mind, Qin Feng started to move the knife.

Chapter 991 Planet promotion! Eternal battle!

When Qin Feng flipped his palm over, there was an extra golden token with the words 'Hongmeng Xingjue' engraved on the front!

That is his Star Master Token!

According to the prompt, after he returns to the Blue Star Realm, Tiandao will automatically issue planetary rewards and promote the Blue Star Realm to a Hongmeng-level planet!

He will also be automatically promoted to the real star master!

At that time, he will be able to obtain some star master authority, such as controlling the power of heaven and earth in the Blue Star Realm.

Even better, after he becomes the star master, he can promote Longyuan City to Longyuan Sanctuary!

Up and down Longyuan will receive extremely rich rewards!

He will also become the Lord of the Sanctuary and receive extremely generous personal rewards!

At that time, breaking the 13 trillion combat power should be an easy task!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is looking forward to it!

Then, he opened the personal panel and entered the trading channel…

It turned out that the way Qin Feng thought of was to trade the Star Master Token to the Mu Ling avatar, and let it operate the upgrade of the Blue Star Realm!

After all, the four avatars are all extensions of his body, and theoretically they can represent him to complete the upgrade!

Soon, Qin Feng finished the token transaction!

After doing this, he took a deep breath, flipped his palm, and a purple air mass appeared.

That is Hongmeng Purple Qi, which has been refined by 94% of the mind body!

In order to speed up the progress, he has to come to refine it in person.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed his eyes and began to refine Hongmeng Purple Qi...

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, in the secret room of the floating city.

Mu Ling was distracted, and withdrew his gaze to the outside world, and opened the trading channel...

The next second, he took out the Star Master token from the trading channel!

I don't know if it will work or not?

The wooden spirit clone looked at the token in his hand, and was also apprehensive.

Then, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the token!

Pa~!

As soon as the blood essence fell on the token, it was completely absorbed at a speed visible to the naked eye!

hum~~!

The next second, the token lit up with a dazzling golden light, illuminating the entire secret room!

Happy Mu Ling!

Ha ha!

Token activated!

In other words, he can operate the Star Master Token to upgrade the Blue Star Realm!

Immediately, Mu Ling picked up the token and began to operate...

At the same moment, at the border of the center of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

The three avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master have already met the seven people.

The two sides are facing each other in the starry sky!

At this moment, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is extremely ugly.

He recognized Ra, Shiva, Vishnu, Brahma, and the Lord of Darkness at a glance.

Unexpectedly, these five guys also joined the side of the accomplice, and they were all stronger than him!

Of course, within a radius of 10 billion miles from his old nest, he can borrow the power of heaven and earth from his old nest, and his combat power can be comparable to half a step of great perfection, and he can overwhelm the dark domain master.

God Korah, Shiva, Vishnu, and Brahma are all half-step Great Perfection!

How could he alone deal with four?

What's more, there are the Lord of the Dark Domain, the Venerable Receiver, and the Assistant of Moses on the opposite side!

The current situation is very bad!

Thinking of this, the Blue Dragon Domain Lord's forehead burst into cold sweat!

He was worried, what should he do next?

However, the three clones of Mirage, Yueling, and Wood Spirit looked at the seven people with a calm expression, and their expressions did not fluctuate...

At the same time, Venerable Jie Yin was also looking at the four masters of the Azure Dragon Domain, with playful smiles on their faces.

When they saw the Mirage three clones, they could not help but frown slightly.

what happened? !

This Azure Dragon Domain Master actually brought three ants from the main **** realm, and he really looked down on them!

However, these three main **** ants all look alike, like the three brothers of the same mother.

On the other side, except for Venerable, the other six had never seen the three avatars.

It was at this moment that Venerable Jie Yin moved his lips slightly and transmitted a sound to the other six.

"Everyone, have you seen the three young people behind Qinglong? All three of them are Qin Feng's avatars!"

"Uh~! Clone! So it is!"

Shiva's six faces suddenly appeared.

Afterwards, Vishnu said with a look of disdain: "It's just the clones of the three main gods, it shouldn't be too strong! I'm afraid it's not as good as half-step eternity?"

Jie Yin took a deep breath and said, "Fellow Daoist, don't underestimate Qin Feng's avatars! These three avatars all have semi-permanent strength, much stronger than quasi-half-step eternal!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned!

Vishnu was even more embarrassed, and his old face was slightly red.

But then, he disdainfully said: "Haha! Even if these three clones have half-step eternal strength, the deity alone can easily crush them!"

Brahma hurriedly echoed: "This is natural! Brother Pi is a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse! Even if you defeat three with one, you can easily defeat them!"

The reception also said: "I will start in a while, I will destroy Qin Feng's three avatars first! Everyone, please don't leave your hands!"

Brahma sneered: "I will never let go! The deity must destroy a clone with his own hands to relieve the hatred in my heart!"

Brahma's tone, gritted his teeth.

He really hated Qin Feng!

At this time, Rashen also said: "Haha! Three and a half-step eternal strength clones, with my strength, I am afraid that just one encounter can destroy them!"

Shiva smiled and said: "This deity thinks so too! After a while, I will fight against the Azure Dragon Domain Lord! You deal with those three clones!"𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"As it should be!"

After this sound transmission, the conspiracy of the seven people was completed, and there was a playful smile in their eyes.

It seems that they have already decided on the three avatars!

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Master approached boldly and greeted the receptionist and others.

"Everyone, long time no see! I don't know why you are visiting today, why?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord greeted politely.

The reception and others are all disdainful!

If it weren't for the fact that this place was the home of the Azure Dragon Star Region, they wouldn't take the Azure Dragon Region Master in their eyes.

A domain master of a small star domain, whose cultivation is only half an eternal level, how can he compare with them!

Right now, after the Azure Dragon Domain Master borrows the power of heaven and earth, his strength can also reach a half-step perfection, so that they can take a second look.

The expressions on the faces of the few people who can receive and lead are still aloof!

In this world where strength is respected, the strong are always respected.

Immediately, Venerable Jie Yin sneered: "Lord Qinglong, why did I come here, you still don't know the reason?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord swallowed his saliva and said, "This... fellow Daoist, what's the matter with you, please tell me clearly!"

Reception sneered: "Okay! Then I'll say it clearly! We are here to destroy Qin Feng's lair - the Blue Star Realm! If you hand over the Blue Star Realm, this matter has nothing to do with you! If you don't hand it over! Among them! Don't blame me for waiting!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed greatly.

He didn't expect that Venerable Jie Yin would be so straight to the point and let him make a choice directly!

The master of the Qinglong domain frowned: "Daoist friend, Qingmou promised brother Qin Feng that he would help him save the Blue Star Realm before he came out. You are doing this to force Qingmou! Sorry! Qingmou can't betray his friends. thing!"

"Besides, if you want to trouble Brother Qin Feng, why don't you wait for him to leave the customs openly. If you come to destroy his nest while he is not around, it is inevitable that some villains will behave!"

These words are righteous words!

The old face turned red when they heard this, and they were a little embarrassed.

They just came to take advantage of people's danger, but they didn't expect to be directly pierced by the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

Immediately, Xie Yin became annoyed and said: "It's really noisy! Qinglong, since you are not willing to hand over the Blue Star Realm, then I will be welcome! Everyone, do it!"

As soon as the voice fell, the seven people immediately took action!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Brahma, the Lord of the Dark Domain, and Moses, together, rushed towards the Ice Spirit clone!

Vishnu, Jie Yin pounced on the Moon Spirit clone!

The most powerful Rashen rushed towards the Mirage clone alone!

"not good!"

The face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed greatly!

He was about to help the three avatars when there was an earth-shattering roar in front of him.

A torrent of wind came directly towards him.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was horrified, he looked up quickly, and saw that Shiva had been slaughtered close to him.

That Shiva is the leader of the half-step Dzogchen, and he dares to despise him, so he has to resist in a hurry!

It's just that the three clones of the Mirage are going to be unlucky!

The three avatars are only half a step of eternal strength, but all seven of them can send a half-step Great Perfection to attack, and there are even people to assist.

I'm afraid that one face-to-face can seriously injure the three clones, or even kill them on the spot!

At this thought, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord sighed in his heart, but he was helpless.

That Shiva's attack had arrived, and he had to resist...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Brahma, the Lord of the Dark Territory, and Moses had already killed the ice spirit.

"Little thief! Die!"

Brahma's face turned red with excitement!

Boom~!

As soon as he got close, he slashed with all his strength and slashed straight at Bing Ling's face!

Boom~! Boom~!