Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It is Vishnu's pet - the demon snake Naga!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the joint force of Vishnu, Jie Yin, and Naga took shape, and the momentum was shocking!

The power of that blow is comparable to 39 trillion stars, stronger than the joint effort of the three Brahma!

On the other side, the most powerful Lashen also killed the Mirage clone in front of him!

Swish~!

I saw a flash of sword light!

Pulling the golden long sword in Shen's hand, he slashed straight towards the phantom mirage!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That sword smashed out, the starry sky was smashed, the sky and the earth were shattered, and the sword light was connected to the sky and the earth, and its power suddenly reached 40 trillion stars!

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is making a sword with all his strength, facing Shiva's trident!

But at this moment, he sensed that behind him, three destructive momentum surged up, and each wave was stronger than the next, and the weakest was 37 trillion stars!

The face of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord instantly paled and became extremely ugly!

Although he didn't look back, the momentum of the three terrorist attacks was beyond him, let alone Qin Feng's three avatars.

In fact, let alone him, most of the half-step Great Perfection can't handle such a terrifying three strikes!

Those three avatars are finished!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord is desperate!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Shiva's attack has arrived!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord has no intention of caring about him, so he has to meet...

Just when the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was in despair, Brahma and the others grinned, full of excitement!

They seem to have seen the scene where the three clones were smashed to pieces by them!

At this moment, the three clones shot at the same time!

The Bing Ling clone instantly sacrificed the Xihuang Sword and greeted Brahma, the Lord of the Dark Territory, and Moses.

Yueling's clone sacrificed the four swords of slaying the sky, opened the sword array, shot out billions of light arrows, and greeted Vishnu, the sage, and the Naga!

The phantom avatar sacrificed the weapon of the avenue - six pure bamboos, and met the sword of Rashen!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

When~!

The first is a symphony of gold and iron! resounded throughout the Liuhe universe!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Shiva hit each other first!

Both sides groaned, and at the same time, they were shaken back ten thousand feet, and they were evenly matched!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Then, there were three loud bangs! Hundreds of millions of stars exploded!

In the next second, there was a muffled sound in the field!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord hurriedly looked back and saw that Rashen, Brahma, Vishnu and others were all shaken back ten thousand feet...

The Mirage, Yueling, and Bingling were shaken back by tens of thousands of feet, but they fell below without being injured in the slightest!

Boom~!

This scene made the Azure Dragon Domain Lord dumbfounded!

He didn't expect that the three avatars actually caught the attack!

Lashen, Jieyin and others were also dumbfounded.

One by one, they looked at the three avatars in disbelief!

The atmosphere in the field was a little frozen at that moment!

However, the powerhouses quickly recovered.

The reception is even more shocking and angry!

He invited so many strong people to come, just to complete the task given by the big sacrifice!

If he fails again, what face will he have to meet again? !

Immediately, he roared.

"These three guys must have used some kind of secret technique! Otherwise, with their realm, how could such a strong attack erupt! Everyone! That kind of secret technique cannot last! We continue to besiege!"

With this reminder, all the powerhouses are stunned!

They also felt that only such an explanation could make sense.

"Go!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

At the moment, he attracted six people and one favor, and once again killed the three clones.

Shiva also killed the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

The two sides battle it out!

Suddenly, the boundary of the star field came out, killing the sky and the earth, and the stars were no light!

The scene is terrifying!

Looking at its battle situation, the three clones are only slightly disadvantaged!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Shiva are tied!

For a time, it is not cheap to invite seven people!

At this moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

Hundreds of **** kings stared at the battle in the distance, stunned one by one!

They have been completely dumbfounded!

For a long time, someone in the crowd sighed.

2.2 "My God! The three clones of Lord Qin Feng are all so strong! It's so terrifying!"

"Yeah! Looking at the strength of the three avatars, all of them have reached the half-step great perfection, and they are all the best in the half-step great perfection, they should be stronger than the domain master!"

"Indeed! It's incredible!"

"Right! Everyone! Lord Qin Feng's avatars are so strong, how strong is Lord Qin Feng?"

"Uh~! This..."

As soon as these words fell, the gods and kings looked at each other, and some did not know how to describe them.

They can no longer imagine how strong Qin Feng can be!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

The Blue Star Realm beneath their feet suddenly trembled violently.

The kings of gods all looked down...

hum~!

At this moment, the whole body of the Blue Star Realm lit up with blue light!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The next second, the planet was in full view, the surface began to crack, and the volume continued to grow!

Countless novel resources poured out from the ground and were born on the surface of the planet!

The king of gods was stunned!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the Blue Star Realm began to skyrocket wildly at a rocket-like speed!

Ten times... a hundred times... a thousand times...

Boom~Long~Long~!

That planet has grown crazy, making the entire starry sky tremble!

In the blink of an eye, the Blue Star Realm became a thousand times larger!

The resources on it have also increased by a thousand times...

But all this is not over, the Blue Star Realm continues to skyrocket...

Three thousand times... five thousand times... ten thousand times...

In the blink of an eye, the Blue Star Realm became 10,000 times larger, and the scene was extremely magnificent!

The resources on it have also increased ten thousand times!

What is even more terrifying is that the power of heaven and earth contained in the Blue Star Realm has also skyrocketed ten thousand times!

The king of gods was stunned!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But the Blue Star Realm is still shining brightly, and it continues to soar wildly...

The power of heaven and earth contained in it is also skyrocketing wildly all the way...

Chapter nine hundred and ninety-three consecutive kills! Crazy Daojing!

At this moment, everyone looked at the wood spirit clone in shock!

They could see at a glance that the three clones of Mu Ling and Mirage were nine similar, and they should also be Qin Feng's clones!

Oh my god~!

Qin Feng actually hides such a powerful clone!

This avatar killed Moses and the Dark Domain Lord in seconds with just one whip, and severely damaged Brahma!

Also, the momentum that erupted from the whip just now reached 59 trillion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Even the most powerful Lashen can't catch a whip!

With this thought, the faces of Ying Yin and the others were horrified, and they were all indifferent!

This clone is so strong, they have no chance of winning!

That being the case, if they don't escape at this time, when will they wait? !

Thinking of this, everyone exclaimed!

"withdraw!"

"Everyone, get out!"

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

As soon as the words fell, Received, Rashen, Shiva and the others turned around and fled!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord woke up with surprises!

He really did not expect that Qin Feng still hides such a powerful clone!

The horror of its power is far beyond his imagination!

This time, the situation reversed in an instant, and several people were about to flee in embarrassment.

How could he let it escape so easily!

"Wait a minute to escape!"

Boom~!