Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord dodged, and chased and killed a few people!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Phantom Mirages and Ice Spirits all chased away.

That Vishnu wanted to summon back the pet-Naga!

But at this moment, Yueling's clone instantly killed him, and the four swords of Zhu Tian lashed towards him!

Vishnu is horrified!

Without the help of Yingying and Naga, how could he be Yueling's opponent?

Now, Jie Yin has already fled first, the alliance has been broken, and he does not dare to stay any longer.

If he was entangled by Yueling, he would be in big trouble.

With this in mind, Vishnu turned around and fled, it was too late to take care of the Naga!

Swish~!

The Moon Spirit clone is also chasing after him!

hiss~! hiss~!

Seeing the master abandoning him and fleeing, Naga panicked and quickly chased after the master.

But it is only half a step of eternal strength, and its speed is comparable to Vishnu and Moon Spirit.

In an instant, it was thrown far away.

Naga was in a hurry and still chased at full speed.

huh~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed behind it, and the wood spirit clone appeared out of thin air.

Gosh!

Naga is horrified!

In its two snake eyes, there is boundless terror!

Phew~~!

But without waiting for it to think about it, the wood spirit whipped wildly!

In the blink of an eye, the whip slammed on the huge snake body!

Bang~~!

A shocking explosion!

Blood splattered! Flying snake meat!

The shrill screams echoed in the starry sky!

With just one whip, the wood spirit clone killed Naga, and even the true spirit collapsed.

When the wood spirit avatar looked up again, he saw that several people had escaped hundreds of millions of miles away, and the speed was extremely fast!

However, the speed of the five people who escaped was also fast and slow!

Nara is the fastest and escapes at the forefront!

And then again Shiva and Vishnu!

Jie Yin and Brahma fled at the back.

Originally, Brahma's speed was much faster than catching up.

But after Brahma was hit hard by a whip, his strength plummeted, and his speed was comparable to that of catching up.

But the Bingling clone has been harassing the two behind them, preventing them from escaping.

The Mirage, the Moon Spirit, and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord all entangled Rashen, Vishnu, and Shiva all the way.

Seeing this, the wood spirit clone stepped out and disappeared into place out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared beside Bing Ling!

At this moment, Brahma and Jie Yin are being entangled by the ice spirit and cannot escape!

The sudden appearance of the wood spirit made the two of them look pale with fright, and they turned around and ran away with a roar!

Phew~~!

With a direct whip, Mu Ling whipped the two of them away!

Om~!

At that moment, the man-made whip lit up with a dazzling aura, and it was activated instantly with a knowing strike!

"not good!"

The two Brahma opened their eyes in horror!

In the blink of an eye, that whip is approaching!

The whip that destroyed the sky and the earth locked the breath of the two Brahma, making them unavoidable!

Brahma and Brahma were helpless, so they had to resist!

Boom~! Boom~!

Brahma slashed with all his strength and slashed away.

The reception is also waving the treasure banner and smashing at the whip!

Swish~!

But at this moment, another sword light lit up in the field!

Bing Ling also sacrificed the 'Xihuang Sword' and slashed at the two Brahma!

Suddenly, a two-on-two situation was formed in the field, and the momentum was shocking!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

When~! When~!

Two golden and iron symphony!

Brahma's Brahma's Heart Sword and the Heavenly Treasure Pillar that he led were all knocked out!

Bing Ling's attack was also blocked!

But Mu Ling's attack could not be blocked!

The violent whip continued to fall, hitting Brahma and Jie Yin successively!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two shocking muffled sounds!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

Brahma and Brahma's bodies couldn't resist the violent whip, and they were continuously blown up!

Even the soul body was ripped apart on the spot!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the stars again and again!

Not far away, the three Shiva heard the screams behind them, and their faces changed greatly in fright.

It was at this moment that the battle scene mutated and regenerated!

Just after Mu Ling blasted Brahma and the two, two **** of light flew out of the blood mist, one was red and the other was blue star-colored.

In the next breath, the red light group flew towards the Brahma Heart Sword!

The blue light group flew towards the Tianbao Building!

The speed is very fast!

That is the true spirit of Brahma and the lead!

Boom~!

The response speed of the wood spirit clone is extremely fast, and as soon as it is shot, the true spirit of Brahma is imprisoned in place, and a crazy attack is launched on it!

The ice spirit clone chased and killed the real spirit that was being picked up!

The true spirit broke away from the flesh, and the speed was as fast as lightning, like a flash of electric light, flashing away

For a while, the Bing Ling clone couldn't catch up.

In just a few seconds, the True Spirit of Jieyin merged with the Jietian Treasure Building.

That true spirit instantly escaped into the treasure house!

Om~!

The treasure building suddenly lit up with a dazzling aura!

huh~!

In the next breath, it turned into a rainbow light, escaping into the depths of the starry sky.

The speed was so fast that it exceeded the half-step Great Perfection level, which was astonishing!

Bing Ling also lost, unable to catch up.

But in the next second, he saw the Brahma Heart Sword on the side, which was shaking.

It seems to be waiting for the arrival of the master's true spirit!

Without saying a word, Bing Ling grabbed the hilt of his sword!

This is an avenue weapon!

Woo~! Woo~!

The moment Bing Ling grabbed the hilt, the Brahma Heart Sword struggled violently, making a whining sound.

Bing Ling hurriedly pinched the seal and began to forcibly seal the Dao Artifact.

At the same time, Ra, Shiva, and Vishnu were stimulated by the screams of Brahma, and they all tried their best to flee.

Phantom Mirage, Moon Spirit, and Azure Dragon Domain Master are in hot pursuit!

It was during this period that the Heavenly Treasure Pillar, which was fused with the True Spirit, turned into a rainbow light to catch up with everyone, and escaped to the front of the team!

It didn't take long for the two sides to be far away from Qinglong's lair, tens of billions of miles away.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but stop his pursuit!

After leaving the nest for tens of billions of miles, he would not be able to borrow the power of heaven and earth from the nest, and he would not have the ability to fight against Shiva and the three.

Mirage and Yueling also stopped.

Without the help of the Azure Dragon Domain Master, even if the two of them catch up, they are not necessarily the opponents of the three of Lashen.

Even if the wood spirit was summoned to help, that would not work.

Beyond the range of 10 billion miles, the wood spirit can't borrow the power of the planets in the Blue Star Realm, and its strength will also plummet!

In that case, they still can't keep the three of Lashen, so they can only let the three of Lashen and Jieyin Zhenling escape like this.

"Hey~! Still let these three guys escape ¨¨!"

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Master looked at the backs of the three of Rashen from a distance, and felt unwilling.

The Mirage clone sneered: "Don't worry! They won't give up! They will definitely come again! Next time, they won't have such good luck!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and nodded.

He knew Mirage was telling the truth.

After the next time, Qin Feng's body will come back.

If the three of Lashen dared to come to the door again, what awaited them would be their death.

Qin Feng's four avatars are all so strong, and it can be imagined how strong his body is.

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master couldn't help but look at the two clones of the Mirage and the Moon Spirit, with a complicated expression, and the respect in his eyes became stronger.

"Brother Qin Feng, I really didn't expect it! Your strength has improved to such a level, it's unbelievable!"