Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng slaughtered nearly 10,000 fire spirits and fire rock giants.

The momentum of the three kings also plummeted.

At this time, they finally realized that something was wrong.

After so long, their momentum is getting weaker and weaker, and they are on the verge of collapse.

Their subordinates also suffered more than 90% casualties.

But the human beings in front of them are still alive and well, and they have not been dragged down by their group sea tactics.

wrong! wrong!

This human being is too strong, the situation is not good!

roar~!

The Fire Rock King woke up first, let out a low roar, turned and fled.

roar~! roar~!

The two fire spirit kings also woke up instantly.

They quickly roared and turned to flee.

When the subordinates heard their orders, they scattered like birds and beasts, the fighting spirit collapsed, and they fled in all directions.

The three kings escaped in three ways!

not good!

The three kings must not be allowed to escape.

Especially the two big fire kings, as long as they escape back to the magma river, they can no longer hunt down and kill them!

Then everything he had done before was in vain.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt anxious.

But the three kings were cunning, and the soldiers escaped in three ways. It was too difficult to kill them all.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

Wow~!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng was actually divided into three.

In an instant, he separated two phantom clones.

Since the six-sense talent was promoted to the B-level six-sense psychic, the power of the phantom avatar technique has greatly increased, and it has been possible to separate two avatars.

0

At the moment, Qin Feng killed the Fire Rock King.

The two avatars attacked the two Fire Kings.

The clone has only half of Qin Feng's combat power, but it is more than enough to deal with the Fire King.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng caught up with the Fire Rock King.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Knife gas vertical and horizontal!

With a terrifying roar!

The Fire Rock King collapsed to the ground and turned into a pile of rubble.

An extremely dazzling white light of energy flew out of the gravel and poured into Qin Feng's body.

At the same time, from the north and south, there were also the screams of the two great fire kings.

[Successfully killed the 17th-level Fire Rock King (King-level), and obtained +11200 energy points. 】

[The first kill of the 17th-level Fire Rock King (King-level) is successful, and gain +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the 17th-level Fire Rock King (King-level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】…

0

[Your clone successfully kills the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level), and you get +9800 energy points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level), and the silver treasure chest burst out. 】

[Your clone successfully kills the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level), and you get +9800 energy points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the 16th-level magma fire spirit king (king level), and the silver treasure chest burst out. 】

Ha ha!

Explode three silver treasure chests in a row!

You can finally craft dark treasure chests!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

However, he did not immediately go to pick up the treasure chest.

Because there are still more than 2,000 fire spirits and hundreds of fire rock giants, fleeing in all directions.

Swish~! Swish~!

The two clones rushed up and chased the deserters.

Qin Feng made a seal with one hand, and the ice storm started again!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

Cold wind howls, Frostbolts and Snow Blades blaze!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

One after another, the fire essence collapsed!

One by one, the flaming giants collapsed!

One after another, white light of energy flocks to Qin Feng...

Not long after, the more than 2,000 fleeing spirits were finally killed...

【Your level has been promoted to level 16! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

Ha ha!

Upgraded again!

What a joyous event! +

Qin Feng was in a good mood.

Subsequently, he withdrew Ice Storm.

Looking at the loot everywhere, he was excited and began to clear the battlefield

Chapter 123 Open the Dark Treasure Chest! (for full order)

After a quarter of an hour, Qin Feng had cleaned up the battlefield.

This time the harvest is very huge, three silver treasure chests, hundreds of elves' certificates, and thousands of stone cores.

After the igneous giant died, it turned into a pile of rubble, and a stone core.

The stone man core is their root, and you can get 0.6 contribution points if you donate it.

More than 3,000 giant cores have earned him more than 2,000 contribution points.

Today, his contribution points have accumulated to 7738 points.

After doing this, he began to extract the corpse of the Fire Rock King.

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the C-level talent - the true meaning of soil! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your soil talent has been promoted to B-level—the mystery of soil. 】

good! good!

Got another B-level talent.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

So far, his B-level talents have reached six.

They are: the profound meaning of ice (water), the profound meaning of power, the profound meaning of earth, the profound meaning of wood, the profound meaning of darkness, and the six senses.

Having said that, although Qin Feng has SSS-level talent, it is only an auxiliary talent.

To really fight, you need fighting talent.

This is his regret.

At present, his combat talent, the highest is B grade.

However, the endless mentions made him different.

Most people only possess one or two talents.

However, he can master an infinite variety of talents, there is no upper limit, and he can continue to develop.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This will gradually make him omnipotent.

For now, there are only a dozen combat talents that he has mastered.

But these more than a dozen kinds of talent abilities are layered on top of each other, and they are comparable to S-level combat talents.

It would be even better if he raised some of these combat talents to A-level, and his overall strength would be greatly enhanced.

In the best state, he has raised all his talents to above S rank, even SSS rank.

By then, he will be unimaginably powerful, and the gods will tremble.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the future.

"I heard that Turgenev's A-level talent seems to be the law of power. It seems that there is a law above the profound meaning."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Based on this calculation, the Mystery level belongs to the B-level talent, and the Law level belongs to the A-level talent.

It is a pity that the law is the most difficult to understand. It is not easy for him to upgrade an A-level talent!

By the way, when he was in the Valley of Ten Thousand Flowers last time, he killed the three queen bees and exploded the wonders of heaven and earth - gold-level royal jelly.

That is one of the main materials for refining the Intermediate Comprehension Pill.

There is a certain chance that a B-level talent can evolve to A-level with an intermediate-level perception pill.

It seems that after finishing the village competition, I need to calm down and study the comprehension pill.

At this moment, Qin Feng was quite concerned about improving the level of combat talent.

Just when he was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have awakened the five talents of gold, wood, ice (water), fire and earth. When you upgrade all five talents to B-level, the A-level talent—Five Elements Profound Truth will be automatically merged. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, shining straight.

Fuck it~!