Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but be amazed!

Mirage smiled slightly: "Brother, I'll talk about this later. I'll go back to the center of the star field first!"

"That's right!"Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

At the moment, the three began to return

At this moment, there was another scream not far away!

That was the true spirit of Brahma, and it was finally destroyed by the wood spirit clone.

A half-step Great Perfection powerhouse will die in this way, and will not fall into reincarnation!

At this time, on the battlefield.

Looking at the true spirit fragments in front of the wood spirit clone, he breathed a sigh of relief.

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flew out from the countless fragments of true spirit and poured into the body of the wood spirit.

[You killed the half-step Eternal Great Perfection-level True Spirit for the first time, and your body received +200,000 prestige rewards! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Zen Heart)! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (Wuwang)! 】

[You killed the true spirit, and the fragments of the true spirit condensed the Taiqing Daojing (clean)! 】

At this moment, those true spirit fragments automatically condensed into Taiqing Daojing, and in a blink of an eye, a hundred or so pieces were condensed, and they were densely floating in front of them.

The wood spirit clone is overjoyed!

Ha ha!

Killing a half-step Great Perfection is different, the benefits are so huge!

At the moment, he happily put away Dao Jing.

After doing this, he looked back at the previous battlefield.

I saw that where Moses, Naga, and the Lord of the Dark Domain fell, a large amount of Taiqing Daojing was left behind, and it was their true spirit fragments!

As soon as the wood spirit clone waved, he sucked all those Taiqing Daojing into his hands.

He took a short inventory and found that there were 217 Taiqing Daojing crystals in his hand, but only 53 were useful to the main body!

The remaining 164 Dao Crystals are all Dao that the body has awakened!

However, the wood spirit clone was extremely satisfied with such a harvest.

He directly sent those Dao crystals into the trading channel and traded them for the ontology.

After doing this, Mu Ling pinched the seal with his hand and performed a secret technique.

An invisible force instantly enveloped the audience

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Moses, your body's luck value +6 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Naga, your body's luck value +14,000 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of the Dark Domain Lord, your body's luck value +20,000 times]

In just a moment, Mu Ling devoured all the free luck in the field, and accumulated a total of 40,000 times the luck value!

As for Brahma's luck, it was swallowed up by Qin Feng long ago, so naturally there is no luck left behind!

The true spirit of receiving and citing the Venerable has not been destroyed, and there is no luck left!

In short, Mu Ling is already very satisfied!

After finishing the chores, he began to clear the battlefield

On the other side, Bing Ling also sealed the ‘Brahma Heart Sword’ and sent it directly to the trading channel

After doing this, he also began to clear the battlefield

After a while, the two clones cleaned up the battlefield and gained a lot!

They obtained the storage rings of Brahma, Dark Domain Lord, Moses, Naga, and their related weapons, all of which have reached the level of creation.

After collecting these spoils, Mu Ling's clone found that after beheading him, he didn't seem to take advantage of it!

When that guy's true spirit escaped, he not only took away his luck, but also his storage ring.

However, how can the wood spirit clone make it easy to receive?

In any case, he's going to get some benefits from catching up!

Thinking of this, Mu Ling waved his hand.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sky is moving in the sky!

Countless blood mists emerged from the place where the receptionist was beheaded, and they gathered into a group on their own initiative.

After a while, the blood mist turned into a corpse, which was the corpse of the Reverend.

Mu Ling hurried forward, pressed one hand on the corpse, and activated a secret technique

[You are launching avenue plunder on a corpse (half-step eternal peak)]

【Road plundering succeeded! Your body has gained a new avenue - Purdue Avenue]

【Road plundering succeeded! Your ontology has acquired a new avenue - the avenue of enlightenment]

At this moment, white light flashed on Mu Ling's palm!

In just a moment, he plundered 5 avenues!

Mu Ling is overjoyed!

Qin Feng's Dao plundering magical power has been promoted to the advanced level, and he can extract the target five times.

However, his Dao plundering target has been upgraded, and it can only be more than half-step eternity.

With this magical power in hand, even if there is no real spirit to kill the target, as long as he gets the corpse, he can plunder some avenues.

This magic is very useful!

Qin Feng originally wanted to use it in the Daluo Heavenly Realm, but in that Daluo Heavenly Realm, all the targets he killed would turn into starlight and disperse, leaving no wreckage, so it could not be extracted!

After this extraction, the wood spirit clone satisfactorily put away the corpse!

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, Mirage, and Yueling rushed back.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master looked extremely respectful when he saw the wood spirit clone.

Before, Mu Ling's clone showed his great power and completely shocked him.

"¨.Brother Qin Feng, the three of Lashen have escaped, what should we do next?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at the wood spirit clone with great respect.

Mu Ling smiled slightly: "The crisis has not been resolved! Behind this, there is a stronger existence, which is about to come!"

The face of the master of the Azure Dragon Domain changed slightly: "A stronger existence? That person is"

The wood spirit clone shook his head slightly: "I don't know who it is! However, with our current strength, we should be able to barely resist. At least we can persist until my main body returns!"

Hearing the words, the master of the Qinglong domain breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good! If brother Qin Feng's body returns, Qing will be completely relieved. By the way, brother Qin Feng, if I guessed correctly, the strength of your body is strong. , has reached the level of five absolutes!"

The wood spirit clone laughed without saying a word!

With the current strength of his body, he has indeed reached the level of five absolutes, and even among the five absolutes, he is outstanding.

However, his body is refining Hongmeng Purple Qi!

After refining that group of purple energy, I am afraid that the main body can surpass the five skills in one fell swoop and become the first powerhouse below the Eternal Realm!

Thinking of this, Mu Ling smiled and said, "Brother, let's go back to the station first! We'll talk about this later!"

At the moment, the two sides no longer speak.

The four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master flew towards the Blue Star Realm together

Chapter 994: The Three Realms Belong! Create a Rift!

At this moment, everyone looked at the wood spirit clone in shock!

They could see at a glance that the three clones of Mu Ling and Mirage were nine similar, and they should also be Qin Feng's clones!

Oh my god~!

Qin Feng actually hides such a powerful clone!

This avatar killed Moses and the Dark Domain Lord in seconds with just one whip, and severely damaged Brahma!

Also, the momentum that erupted from the whip just now reached 59 trillion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Even the most powerful Lashen can't catch a whip!

With this thought, the faces of Ying Yin and the others were horrified, and they were all indifferent!

This clone is so strong, they have no chance of winning!

That being the case, if they don't escape at this time, when will they wait? !

Thinking of this, everyone exclaimed!

"withdraw!"

"Everyone, get out!"

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

As soon as the words fell, Received, Rashen, Shiva and the others turned around and fled!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord woke up with surprises!

He really did not expect that Qin Feng still hides such a powerful clone!

The horror of its power is far beyond his imagination!

This time, the situation reversed in an instant, and several people were about to flee in embarrassment.

How could he let it escape so easily!

"Wait a minute to escape!"

Boom~!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord dodged, and chased and killed a few people!

Phantom Mirages and Ice Spirits all chased away.

That Vishnu wanted to summon back the pet-Naga!

But at this moment, Yueling's clone instantly killed him, and the four swords of Zhu Tian lashed towards him!

Vishnu is horrified!

Without the help of Yingying and Naga, how could he be Yueling's opponent?

Now, Jie Yin has already fled first, the alliance has been broken, and he does not dare to stay any longer.

If he was entangled by Yueling, he would be in big trouble.

With this in mind, Vishnu turned around and fled, it was too late to take care of the Naga!

Swish~!

The Moon Spirit clone is also chasing after him!

hiss~! hiss~!

Seeing the master abandoning him and fleeing, Naga panicked and quickly chased after the master.

But it is only half a step of eternal strength, and its speed is comparable to Vishnu and Moon Spirit.

In an instant, it was thrown far away.

Naga was in a hurry and still chased at full speed.

huh~!