Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Ha ha!

Killing a half-step Great Perfection is different, the benefits are so huge!

At the moment, he happily put away Dao Jing.

After doing this, he looked back at the previous battlefield.

I saw that where Moses, Naga, and the Lord of the Dark Domain fell, a large amount of Taiqing Daojing was left behind, and it was their true spirit fragments!

As soon as the wood spirit clone waved, he sucked all those Taiqing Daojing into his hands.

He took a short inventory and found that there were 217 Taiqing Daojing crystals in his hand, but only 53 were useful to the main body!

The remaining 164 Dao Crystals are all Dao that the body has awakened!

However, the wood spirit clone was extremely satisfied with such a harvest.

He directly sent those Dao crystals into the trading channel and traded them for the ontology.

After doing this, Mu Ling pinched the seal with his hand and performed a secret technique.

An invisible force instantly enveloped the audience

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Moses, your body's luck value +6 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Naga, your body's luck value +14,000 times]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of the Dark Domain Lord, your body's luck value +20,000 times]

In just a moment, Mu Ling devoured all the free luck in the field, and accumulated a total of 40,000 times the luck value!

As for Brahma's luck, it was swallowed up by Qin Feng long ago, so naturally there is no luck left behind!

The true spirit of receiving and citing the Venerable has not been destroyed, and there is no luck left!

In short, Mu Ling is already very satisfied!

After finishing the chores, he began to clear the battlefield

On the other side, Bing Ling also sealed the ‘Brahma Heart Sword’ and sent it directly to the trading channel

After doing this, he also began to clear the battlefield

After a while, the two clones cleaned up the battlefield and gained a lot!

They obtained the storage rings of Brahma, Dark Domain Lord, Moses, Naga, and their related weapons, all of which have reached the level of creation.

After collecting these spoils, Mu Ling's clone found that after beheading him, he didn't seem to take advantage of it!

When that guy's true spirit escaped, he not only took away his luck, but also his storage ring.

However, how can the wood spirit clone make it easy to receive?

In any case, he's going to get some benefits from catching up!

Thinking of this, Mu Ling waved his hand.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sky is moving in the sky!

Countless blood mists emerged from the place where the receptionist was beheaded, and they gathered into a group on their own initiative.

After a while, the blood mist turned into a corpse, which was the corpse of the Reverend.

Mu Ling hurried forward, pressed one hand on the corpse, and activated a secret technique

[You are launching avenue plunder on a corpse (half-step eternal peak)]

【Road plundering succeeded! Your body has gained a new avenue - Purdue Avenue]

【Road plundering succeeded! Your ontology has acquired a new avenue - the avenue of enlightenment]

At this moment, white light flashed on Mu Ling's palm!

In just a moment, he plundered 5 avenues!

Mu Ling is overjoyed!

Qin Feng's Dao plundering magical power has been promoted to the advanced level, and he can extract the target five times.

However, his Dao plundering target has been upgraded, and it can only be more than half-step eternity.

With this magical power in hand, even if there is no real spirit to kill the target, as long as he gets the corpse, he can plunder some avenues.

This magic is very useful!

Qin Feng originally wanted to use it in the Daluo Heavenly Realm, but in that Daluo Heavenly Realm, all the targets he killed would turn into starlight and disperse, leaving no wreckage, so it could not be extracted!

After this extraction, the wood spirit clone satisfactorily put away the corpse!

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, Mirage, and Yueling rushed back.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master looked extremely respectful when he saw the wood spirit clone.

Before, Mu Ling's clone showed his great power and completely shocked him.

"¨.Brother Qin Feng, the three of Lashen have escaped, what should we do next?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at the wood spirit clone with great respect.

Mu Ling smiled slightly: "The crisis has not been resolved! Behind this, there is a stronger existence, which is about to come!"

The face of the master of the Azure Dragon Domain changed slightly: "A stronger existence? That person is"

The wood spirit clone shook his head slightly: "I don't know who it is! However, with our current strength, we should be able to barely resist. At least we can persist until my main body returns!"

Hearing the words, the master of the Qinglong domain breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good! If brother Qin Feng's body returns, Qing will be completely relieved. By the way, brother Qin Feng, if I guessed correctly, the strength of your body is strong. , has reached the level of five absolutes!"

The wood spirit clone laughed without saying a word!

With the current strength of his body, he has indeed reached the level of five absolutes, and even among the five absolutes, he is outstanding.

However, his body is refining Hongmeng Purple Qi!

After refining that group of purple energy, I am afraid that the main body can surpass the five skills in one fell swoop and become the first powerhouse below the Eternal Realm!

Thinking of this, Mu Ling smiled and said, "Brother, let's go back to the station first! We'll talk about this later!"

At the moment, the two sides no longer speak.

The four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master flew towards the Blue Star Realm together

Chapter nine hundred and ninety-fifth, the confrontation with Kunzu! Reverse prevail!

Just when the four avatars returned to Blue Star, something was happening in Tianluo Secret Territory.

At this moment, Tianluo Secret Realm, in the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng is refining Hongmeng Purple Qi!

He has already refined to 98.7%, and is only one line away from complete refining.

It was at this moment that he felt something in his heart, he couldn't help but stop refining and slowly opened his eyes.

The next second, he opened the panel and entered the trading channel

Soon, he took out 217 Taiqing Daojing from it!

That was the trophy sent by the wood spirit clone.

He took stock of it with joy, and picked out the 53 Dao Crystals available and sent them into the small universe for the mind body to refine.

He also sent the remaining 164 Dao Crystals into the small universe, and let the mind body go to the subordinates.

After dealing with Daojing, he took out a golden long sword from the trading channel again!

That is Brahma's Dao Tool - Brahma Heart Sword!

Qin Feng held it in his hand and looked at it for a while, and his face was overjoyed.

Sure enough!

That Brahma Heart Sword contains a congenital avenue, which is still the innate avenue that Qin Feng has not mastered!

Any device of the avenue will have an innate avenue.

In other words, Qin Feng can awaken a congenital Dao level and several latter Dao by refining the 'Brahma Heart Sword'!

This is another huge gain!

What's even better is that the Brahma Heaven's true spirit has been destroyed, and the Brahma Heart Sword has become an ownerless thing, which can be refined.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't put it down and watched the Divine Sword for a while, then sent it into the small universe and let the mind body refine it.

"This time the harvest is not small! The luck, prestige, and the number of the avenues have increased, so my strength must have increased?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and opened the panel.

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Intermediate)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Intermediate)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme

[Air Luck]: 870,000 times

【Reputation】: 6.64 million points

[Basic combat power]: 13.38 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 35

[Total number of avenues]: 1523

The number of avenues has reached 1523!

Yes, at this rate, if he awakens 77 avenues again, he will be able to upgrade the Jade Plate of Fortune.

"There are still 24 minutes before I can go out! And the next time is the most dangerous period in the Blue Star Realm!"

At this time, Qin Fengyao looked at the direction of the Blue Star Realm, and there was a trace of worry in his heart again.

Even if the Mu Ling clone borrowed the power of the Blue Star, its strength would not reach the level of Five Absolutes.

Even if the Mirage, Moon Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Azure Dragon Domain Master help each other!

If he wants to repel Kunzu, one of the five musts, he is the only one who can do it himself!

But judging from his previous calculations, Kunzu would rush to the Blue Star Realm before him!

If the four avatars hadn't stopped, the 210 Blue Star Realm might have been destroyed, and his loss would be immeasurable.

correct!

This time, I upgraded the Blue Star Realm ahead of time, which made a major change in the development of the situation. I wonder if the secret has changed?

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched the seal and launched a secret deduction.

After a while, he completed the deduction, with a look of astonishment in his eyes.

It was exactly as he expected!

He changed the external situation, and the secret also started to change.

Originally, Kunzu would arrive 1 minute before he left.

Today, the sky has changed.

Kunzu arrived 3 minutes early!

Time sped up by 2 minutes!

In these 2 minutes, the risk factor of the Blue Star Realm increased several times!

Even if the wood spirit clone can borrow the power of the planet, the probability of saving the Blue Star Realm is still only 50%!

50% is a very dangerous chance!

Life and death! Five to five!

It seems that he has to refine Hongmeng Purple Qi as soon as possible, which may increase the probability of preservation by another 20%!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

With this in mind, Qin Feng did not dare to delay!

He closed his eyes again and continued to refine the Hongmeng Purple Qi in his hands.