Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, outside the secret realm.

The four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master have returned to the Blue Star Realm.

The kings of gods have long been stunned!

As soon as Mu Ling's clone rushed back, the gods and kings looked at him in awe, not even daring to breathe.

In this world where strength is respected, only the strong will be respected

Meanwhile, on the other side.

Seeing that the four avatars did not chase, the three of Lashen breathed a sigh of relief.

However, they did not dare to relax and continued to flee towards the depths of the starry sky.

The Tianbao Building that flew in front of the three people escaped faster.

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed!

This group of people has fled hundreds of trillions of miles away, and they all feel that they should be safe.

The speed of the three of them gradually slowed down.

Om~!

It was at this moment that the Heavenly Treasure Building in front also stopped escaping and lit up with a dazzling aura!

huh~!

In the next second, the true spirit of the lead will fly out of it!

Escaping with it, there is also a golden storage ring

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the storage ring also lit up under the control of the real spirit.

Then, a cloud of gray-white spiritual liquid flew out from the storage ring.

As soon as the spiritual liquid appeared, it exuded a miserable white aura!

Various illusions such as hell, yellow spring, Naihe Bridge, Samsara Pond, etc.

That is the unique resource mastered by the genius of the big festival - the ninth-life rejuvenation liquid, which comes from the reincarnation pool of the **** world.

In other words, the **** world of the Hongyuan universe has fallen under the control of the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

As soon as the ninth-life revival liquid appeared, it took the initiative to fly to the real spirit that was being picked up, and wrapped it up

In the next second, the gray-white spiritual liquid merged into the true aura at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum~~!

Immediately afterwards, the true spiritual light group continued to expand, gradually turning into a translucent human-shaped phantom, the whole body was gray-white, and it emitted soul power fluctuations!

Looking at the human-shaped phantom's facial features, it is clear that he is receiving and inviting Venerable.

In just a few seconds, the soul body that was brought in was reshaped, but it was extremely weak!

It's not over yet, the soul body beckons again

The storage ring in front of it lights up again!

In the next second, another drop of golden divine blood flew out of the storage ring, exuding the breath of eternity!

That is the blood essence left by the 'Great Sacrifice to Heaven'!

As soon as the golden divine blood appeared, it flew into Pu Yin's soul and quickly fused with the soul.

After a while, the divine blood and the soul body merged into one, and the flesh body was reshaped.

Rebirth from a drop of blood!

Resurrection!

Looking at his resurrected body, he was both happy and sad when he received him.

Fortunately, he was resurrected!

His grief is that his strength has plummeted all the way to half a step eternity, even less than one-third of the original!

"Damn it! It's all that Qin Feng thief!"

At this moment, Jie Yin's face was full of grief and anger.

"Hey! The number of avenues I control seems to be missing by five? What's going on?"

Soon, Jie Yin discovered the abnormality of his body again, and was a little dumbfounded.

The next second, the hatred in his heart deepened.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

It was at this moment that the sound of breaking the air rang out in succession!

Ra, Shiva, and Vishnu arrived one after another!

As soon as the three arrived, they looked at the reception with surprise on their faces.

"Hey~! Daoist friend, you were reborn so quickly! It's too fast!"

Shiva couldn't help but sigh.

Vishnu also said: "Yeah! It will take decades if you change it to other people and be reborn from the true spirit! It takes less than a minute to receive and guide fellow Daoists! It's amazing!"

La Shen also took a deep breath and said, "Fellow Daoist, you can reshape your soul so quickly, you must have used the 'Ninth World Rejuvenation Liquid', right?"

Receiving a wry smile: "La Shinto friendly knowledge! It is indeed the use of that kind of spiritual liquid!"

Rashen greatly sighed: "The Ninth Resurrection Liquid is only produced in the Reincarnation Pond! The Reincarnation Pond is a Taoist wonder that controls the **** world. Only after it is recognized as its owner, can the ninth reincarnation liquid be obtained from the pool!"

"It is said in the world that Dajitian has mastered the **** realm, Tianzun has mastered the human realm, and Rahu has mastered the heavenly realm. Now it seems that all of this is true!"

As soon as these words fell, Shiva and Vishnu were shocked!

Oh my God!

Recognized as the master of the 'Dao-level strange object', and control the **** world!

The background of the great sacrifice to heaven in this universe is really unfathomable!

At this time, Jie Yin took a deep breath: "To be honest with the three fellow Daoists, my master has indeed mastered the **** world. However, now is not the time to discuss these!"

The host in the mouth is referring to the great sacrifice to heaven.

Then, he said again: "Three, what we are going to discuss next is how to avenge today's revenge. This time, we have suffered a big loss in the Azure Dragon Star Region. Can you swallow this?"

As soon as these words fell, Vishnu quickly echoed: "That's right! The deity's pet also died in the hands of Qin Feng's clone! This revenge must be avenged!"

Jie Yin even said with hatred: "The old man was also hurt so miserably by him! This revenge must be avenged!"

Shiva smiled bitterly: "The two of us, with the strength of the four of us today, are not as good as Qin Feng's four avatars. How can we repay this revenge!"

Jieyin smiled coldly: "As long as Kunzu can arrive, we can take revenge. Although Qin Feng's avatar is strong, it is still far behind Kunzu! Even if the four avatars are combined with Qinglongyu Lord, he is not Kunzu's opponent!"

"At that time, as long as Kunzu traps these five people, the four of us will be able to destroy the Blue Star Realm and the foundation of the little thief with the power of thunder! If the little thief loses his foundation, his loss will be extremely high. heavy!"

Vishnu's eyes lit up: "Hey! This method is feasible! Just when will Kunzu arrive? We seem to be running out of time!"

Speaking of this, Vishnu showed anxiety.

It was at this moment that Rashen's exclamation sounded beside him.

"Hey! Look at what that is?"

Hearing the words, everyone hurriedly followed the sound.

At this sight, they saw a giant beast that was tens of billions of miles away, tens of thousands of times bigger than the planet, flying in this direction!

The giant beast has a head like a eagle, gray wings on its back, a body like a fish, and its entire body is covered with gray-white scales. It looks like a bird and a fish, very strange!

Looking at its wings, it is endless, the scene is extremely magnificent, and its momentum is far more than half a step of great perfection!

Boom~!

Seeing this scene, I was shocked all over!

Immediately, he shouted in surprise: "Everyone! This is the true face of Kunzu!"

As soon as these words fell, the three suddenly realized that they were all overjoyed.

Vishnu was even more delighted: "Great! Lord Kunzu arrived ahead of schedule! With him here, we can take revenge!"

Jie Yin also said excitedly: "That's natural! Let's go! Let's go to meet up with Lord Kunzu!"

As soon as the voice fell, the four of them flew towards Kunzu.

At the same time, over the Blue Star Realm, outside the planetary barrier.

Mirage, Bing Ling, Yue Ling, and Azure Dragon Domain Master are chatting about the current situation.

The wood spirit clone was not on the spot.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was also very curious about where the Mu Ling clone went, but it was not easy to ask.

At this moment, in the Blue Star Realm.

Above a huge valley.

The wood spirit clone looked down.

I saw the resources everywhere in the valley, and the spiritual energy was also extremely rich.

This is a valley with the richest resources he has ever seen!

"This valley is good! Just choose it!"

The wood spirit clone murmured and fell from the sky, landing in the middle of the valley...

The next second, he took out a dozen storage rings from his body.

Those storage rings were obtained by Qin Feng himself and by killing Brahma.

Immediately afterwards, the wood spirit clone began to get busy. From the dozen or so storage rings, he took out a lot of resources and piled them aside!

After doing this, he opened the panel, entered the operation interface of the Lord of Sanctuary, and started some operations.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next second, the countless resources accumulated around him turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the entire Blue Star Realm trembled violently!

The valley is full of golden light

In the minds of all Long Yuan's disciples, the reminder of the Tao of Heaven also sounded

[Longyuan Announcement: The Lord of the Sanctuary 'Qin Feng' is creating a 'Secret Realm of the Sanctuary' (Hongmeng level)]

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this announcement came out, the Blue Star Realm trembled even more!

In the valley, earth-shaking changes began to take place.

Countless milky white auras rose from the valley, gradually covering the entire valley, and illuminating the incomparably sacred glow

It turns out that after Qin Feng became the master of the sanctuary, he had the authority to create the 'secret realm of the sanctuary'!

Every sanctuary will have its own unique secret!

A sanctuary with a secret realm is a complete sanctuary!

It is possible to create a sanctuary secret realm, which requires a lot of cherished resources!

What's more, the sacred realm that Qin Feng wants to create is still a Hongmeng-level secret realm, which requires more resources.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Coincidentally, Qin Feng exchanged a lot of resources from the Merit Pavilion this time.

When the four clones killed Brahma, they also gained a lot of resources.

Those resources add up, just enough to create a secret realm

Now, Qin Feng is not on Blue Star, and the Mu Ling clone was created on his behalf.

Boom~Long~Long~!