Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the valley is undergoing tremendous changes at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At the same moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

Both the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the God Kings were shocked!

They all looked at the Blue Star Realm below in astonishment!

hum~~!

In the next second, a valley somewhere in the Blue Star Realm lit up with colorful rays of light one after another, and the momentum was astonishing!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was stunned!

The kings of gods were also amazed!

At this moment, they could sense that the colorful rays of light contained countless rhymes, which was extremely extraordinary!

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in the sea of ​​consciousness of the three avatars of the phantom mirage.

[Longyuan Announcement: The Lord of the Sanctuary 'Qin Feng' successfully created the 'Secret Realm of the Sanctuary' (Hongmeng level)! 】

[Congratulations to the "Longyuan Sanctuary" for successfully creating a Hongmeng-level secret realm, and Longyuan has obtained the blessing of the power of the secret realm! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'Sanctuary Children' + 10,000-star combat power! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'Sanctuary disciple' +1 times luck value! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'Sanctuary Messenger' + 1.5 billion star combat power! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'Sanctuary Messenger' +15 times luck value! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'Sanctuary Messenger' + Random awakening of 2 acquired avenues! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'The Lord of the Sanctuary' + 300 million star combat power! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'The Lord of the Sanctuary' + 30,000 times the luck value! 】

[Secret realm blessing bonus! 'The Lord of the Sanctuary' + Randomly awaken 30 acquired avenues! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

As soon as this prompt came out, Qin Yuan cosmos.

Earth-shattering cheers erupted from Long Yuan up and down!

The next second, the momentum of all the disciples began to skyrocket!

At the same moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm!

The momentum of the three avatars of the Mirage began to skyrocket, and a new avenue of aura was also lit up on their bodies!

This sudden change made the Azure Dragon Domain Master and others stunned!

Chapter 996: The Halberd of Eternity! Advanced title!

After a while, all the visions are over!

The three clones of the Mirage also slowly opened their eyes, filled with joy.

After this improvement, Qin Feng's luck has soared to 900,000 times, the number of avenues has reached 1,553, and the combat power has soared to 13.71 trillion stars!

As a result, the combat power of the three clones of the Mirage reached about 11 trillion.

The wood spirit clone has absorbed the power of the Blue Star, and it has reached about 2 billion stars!

At the same moment, in the Qin Yuan universe.

Long Yuan has also obtained the blessing of the secret realm, and everyone's strength has skyrocketed, cheering endlessly!

At this moment, the sky above the Blue Star Realm.

After the three clones of the Mirage opened their eyes, they looked at each other with satisfied smiles.

Seeing this scene, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord and the God Kings recovered from their shock.

At the moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord swallowed his saliva and said, "Brother Qin Feng, won't your strength increase again?"

Mirage smiled slightly: "It's only a slight improvement!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was stunned for a moment, and then smiled bitterly.

"Brother Qin Feng, you are humble! If Qing is not wrong, your avatar will increase your combat power by 200 billion to 300 billion! This is not a slight improvement, but a huge improvement!"

As soon as these words fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was envious!

Those **** kings are even more envious!

Just the clone has increased the combat power by 200 billion to 300 billion!

And their total combat power does not exceed 100 billion.

How can this not make them envious!

After sighing, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord happily said: "Brother Qin Feng, now your strength has risen again! If you invite four people to dare to come again, you will be greatly surprised!"

Mirage clone smiled slightly, just about to speak

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart, and looked up at the starry sky outside the Star Territory's old nest!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord also looked at it subconsciously.

"Huh! That is"

Seeing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was shocked.

The king of the gods could not help but look

The next second, they were horrified!

I saw that outside the old nest of the star field, a giant beast that was neither a bird nor a fish was flying towards the Qinglong star field.

The giant beast was extremely huge, with its wings spread out for hundreds of millions of miles.

Everyone was amazed!

Afterwards, they saw four figures standing on the back of the giant beast. They were Yingyin, Rashen, Shiva, and Vishnu!

Seeing these four people, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord felt bad, and quickly turned back to look at the phantom avatar.

"Brother Qin Feng, the four of them are back!"

Mirage took a deep breath: "Yes! This time, they also brought a master! It should be one of the five masters!"

"Five Absolutes?!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was terrified.

He hurriedly turned his head and looked at the giant beast in the depths of the starry sky again, his eyes pondering.

The next second, he muttered: "This giant beast is neither a bird nor a fish, it looks a bit like the rumored body of Kunzu! Could it be that the visitor is Kunzu?"

Thinking of this, he looked at the phantom avatar again.

"Brother Qin Feng, the person here is probably Kunzu! That guy is the fastest among the five elites, and his comprehensive strength ranks fourth among the five elites, so it is extremely difficult to deal with!"

"Right now, there are still five minutes before your body can come out. I wonder if your four avatars will be able to resist these few minutes together?"

Speaking of which, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was worried!

The kings of gods also looked at the phantom avatar, also showing concern.

The visitor is one of the top five!

Lord Qin Feng's four avatars join forces, can they stop them?

If you can't stop it, then the situation will suffer!

At this thought, the kings of the gods became more and more uneasy!

Even if the strength of the wood spirit clone is extremely strong, everyone is still a little worried.

It is really the name of Wujue is too loud!

In their opinion, perhaps only Qin Feng's body shot can be expected to block Kunzu!

Unconsciously, Qin Feng's status in the hearts of the gods and kings has risen to the level of five absolutes.

In their opinion, even if Qin Feng is not as good as Wujue, it is almost the same.

And what they are most worried about now is that Qin Feng has not returned yet, can the four clones block Kunzu for a while?

If it cannot be resisted, not only the Blue Star Realm will suffer, but the Azure Dragon Star Region will also suffer.

With this thought, the kings of the gods are even more disturbed!

At this time, the Mirage clone spoke up.

He took a deep breath and said: "If Kunzu arrives alone, our four avatars will join forces and we should be able to delay the return of the main body! But this Kunzu will also bring the four people over, and the situation will be a bit troublesome! "

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was stunned: "Yes! I almost forgot, there are still four people to pick up! Then the situation will be troublesome!"

Huan Mirage smiled coldly: "Not necessarily! Although we can't guarantee that we will be able to delay the Lord Kunzu, but there is still a chance to do it! At least fifty-five!"

"Five to five? Such a high probability?!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was a little surprised, as if he couldn't believe it.

Swish~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of everyone, and the wood spirit clone arrived.

The next second, he opened the trading channel and took out a giant axe and a piece of divine armor.

That is the Pantian Dao Axe and the Pantian Dao Armor!

Now that a strong enemy is approaching, Qin Feng traded his Taoist tool to improve the strength of the wood spirit clone.

As soon as the Taoist tool was taken out, the wood spirit clone immediately put it on.

After doing this, he took the lead and flew to the border of the old nest to meet Kunzu and his party.

The three avatars of the Mirage follow closely behind!

Seeing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master hurriedly followed.

A war is about to break out!

The kings of gods looked at the backs of the four avatars leaving, each with a worried look, and there were mutterings in the crowd.

"Everyone, the war is about to break out! You said, can the four avatars of Lord Qin Feng hold Kunpeng this time?"

"It's hard to say!"

"Lord Qin Feng's avatar said just now that there is a 50-50 chance! Maybe it can be held back!"

"Brother, Kunzu is one of the five best! Although Lord Qin Feng's avatar said that, I always feel that the probability is less than 30%!"

"Yes! I think it's less than 30%! It's really worrying!"

As soon as these words fell, all the gods and kings looked worried!

They naturally hope that the four avatars can resist for a while, at least until the return of Lord Qin Feng.

But the strength of Wujue is too strong, they are really hard to be optimistic about!

In this way, the kings of gods silently watched every move of the audience with an uneasy mood.

At the same time, outside the nest of the Azure Dragon Star Region.

Kunzu and his party are about to arrive at the boundary of the star field.

At this moment, Kunzu's huge figure continued to shrink, and in a blink of an eye, he turned into an old man with a hook nose, wearing a gray Taoist robe, and his breath was unfathomable.

"senior!"

"Master Kunzu!"

A few people hurriedly came forward to meet them, and they didn't even dare to breathe.

Kunzu has a sinister face and a proud look!

He didn't even look at a few people, but looked directly at the old nest of the Azure Dragon Starfield not far in front of him.

At this moment, he is hundreds of millions of miles away from the boundary of the Star Territory's old nest.

"It's finally here!"