Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Kunzu murmured softly.

The reception hurriedly said: "Yes! Lord Kunzu, there are only 5 minutes left, and Qin Feng's child will be back! I have to wait until he comes out and destroy his lair and clone, so as to avoid some trouble in the future!"

Speaking of these, the tone of the reception was a little anxious.

He was eager to destroy the Blue Star Realm as soon as possible.

At the same time, he was also worried that Qin Feng had become too strong.

After they returned, they would not have the chance to destroy the Blue Star Realm, so they would not be able to complete the task given by the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

Hearing this, Kunzu pouted indifferently.

"Oh! What's the fear of Qin Feng's child?! Don't say, he has not returned yet. Even if he has returned, the deity can destroy his lair and take him down together!"

Kunzu's tone was full of confidence.

He didn't take Qin Feng into his eyes at all.

Lashen also smiled and said: "Master Kunzu is right! No matter how strong Qin Feng is, he has not reached the level of five absolutes! Master Kunzu will definitely be a piece of cake to deal with him!"

Vishnu also said: "That's right! Lord Kunzu can definitely crush Qin Feng's child! However, if we can destroy Qin Feng's nest and his clone first, it would be the best!"

Kunzu felt happy when he heard this tout.

He also nodded slightly: "It makes sense! Then let's hurry up and destroy Qin Feng's nest and clone first!"

As soon as the words fell, he took the lead and flew to the Qinglong lair.

Rejoice a few people!

This is what they want!

Especially Yingyin and Vishnu, they can't wait to destroy Qin Feng's four avatars immediately to avenge their blood!

In their opinion, as long as Kunzu takes action, they should be able to complete their mission before Qin Feng returns!

Immediately, the group happily followed behind Kunzu.

It didn't take long for the group to reach the border of Qinglong's lair.

At this moment, the four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord also arrived.

The two sides faced off in the starry sky again!

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field is a little nervous!

In particular, Kunzu's breath was released inadvertently.

The terrifying aura enveloped the audience, making the force field in a radius of hundreds of millions of miles tense!

The four avatars and the Azure Dragon Domain Master felt it, and they were horrified and even more nervous.

The wooden spirit clone standing in front of several people took a deeper breath and secretly prepared for it.

At the same time, he also counted the time silently, and with 3 minutes left, the main body can return.

He now only hopes that he can hold on for these 3 minutes!

It was at this moment that the receptionist pointed to the wood spirit clone and whispered to Kunzu.

"Master Kunzu, the guy standing at the forefront! He killed Brahma and the Dark Domain Lord!"

Vishnu also echoed: "He also killed my pet - Naga!"

Hearing this, Kun Zu hurriedly looked away at Mu Ling's clone.

But after looking at it, he frowned slightly, and his face showed surprise.

"How come you are in the realm of the gods?!"

In the next second, he looked at the four of them.

"It's this guy who is in the realm of the gods, how many people did he kill Brahma?"

Hearing this, the four of Brahma looked at each other with embarrassment on their faces.

They didn't reveal the realm of the wood spirit before because it was too embarrassing to tell.

I think they are all half-step eternal powers, but they were killed by a main **** realm, how can they be so embarrassed to say it.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Seeing that the old faces of the people who received the lead were flushed, Kunzu also understood.

He suddenly frowned slightly, looking at Mu Ling's eyes, and gradually became jealous.

A master **** can kill Brahma!

If you wait for this guy to be promoted to the realm of the **** king, he will not be able to reach the level of five absolutes.

He will never allow an existence that is one big realm lower than himself to have the power of the Five Absolutes.

This made him intolerable, and made him jealous!

Therefore, he wants to destroy the wood spirit clone!

"Oh! This little thief is really that strong? The old man is going to try it today!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Kunzu dodged and went straight to kill the Mu Ling clone!

Boom~Long~Long~!

With his move, the starry sky shook for thousands of miles, and the divine might of heaven and earth rushed towards Mu Ling.

Mu Ling was shocked!

This old thief really said he would do it!

He didn't dare to be neglected, and he hurriedly sacrificed the Pantian Dao Axe!

Kunzu's speed is extremely fast!

In just a split second, he came close, and slapped Mu Ling with his claws!

sigh~! La~!

At this moment, the sharp claws glowed with a cold light!

Wherever the tip of its claws passed, it left deep and long claw marks in the starry sky!

The attack momentum of that claw suddenly reached 110 trillion stars, breaking a trillion!

This time, the faces of the three avatars of the Mirage and the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed greatly!

Such a terrifying attack, I'm afraid the wood spirit can't resist it!

In the next second, the Mirage three clones and the Azure Dragon Domain Master wanted to take action and help Mu Ling resist the blow together!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But at this moment, the four of them were also slaughtered at the same time.

That Shiva killed the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

Vishnu killed the Moon Spirit clone!

Lashen and Jie Yin join forces to kill the Mirage clone and the Ice Spirit clone together!

As a result, the three clones and the Azure Dragon Domain Master felt helpless and had to resist the attack of the four people.

At the moment, only Mu Ling is left to resist Kun Zu!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that Potian claw slammed down, and it was about to grab Mu Ling's face!

At that moment, Kunzu's eyes already showed a ferocious look!

He is confident that he can catch the wood spirit with one claw!

At the same moment, the four of them were also watching from the corner of their eyes.

There was a fiery light in their eyes, expecting Kun Zu to kill Mu Ling!

It was at this moment that Mu Ling made his move!

He swung the long axe with all his strength and met Kunzu's claw.

Om~! Om~!

At that moment, Pan Tian Dao Axe and Pan Tian Dao Armor were activated, and they all lit up with dazzling light!

Two great device amplitudes!

A heart attack!

Launch at the same time!

Swish~!

The wood spirit slashed with all his might and slashed away!

That axe swept across the starry sky!

Where the blade wind passes, the starry sky cracks, and the heavens tremble!

Its momentum suddenly reached 87 trillion stars!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The starry sky is broken! Dao collapses!

The Mu Ling clone groaned, and was hit by a claw that vomited blood and flew upside down. After rolling over hundreds of millions of miles, he stabilized his figure!

Boom~!

This scene made Kun Zu stunned!

The four of them were also dumbfounded!

They didn't expect that the wood spirit clone actually caught the blow!

Didn't get killed!

The attack power of this wood spirit clone seems to have soared a lot!

But how long has it been?

Why is it rising so fast!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Before they could think about it, the three clones of the Mirage and the Azure Dragon Domain Master also arrived.

Another series of loud noises!

Both sides hit each other!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Shiva fought evenly.

The Moon Spirit shook Vishnu back a million feet away, clearly gaining the upper hand.

Phantom Mirage and Ice Spirit, pulling the gods and receiving shocks back hundreds of millions of feet!

The corners of Jie Yin's mouth even ooze blood, and his momentum is sluggish.

This suddenly shocked the three of Lashen!

No way!

The strength of these three clones has also become stronger!

Seeing this scene, Kun Zu couldn't help frowning slightly, secretly thinking that the three of them were really worthless, and actually fell behind.

However, Ra and Vishnu were not injured, and the injuries caused by them were not serious.

On the other hand, Mu Ling's clone was so badly wounded that he vomited blood, and his momentum plummeted!

Obviously, it was their side that took advantage!

With this in mind, Kun Zu looked at the Mu Ling clone again.

It was at this moment that the avenues of inspiration flashed on Mu Ling's body!