Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Do not destroy the road! Longevity Avenue! Avenue of life!

At this moment, the injury on his body recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the blink of an eye, the wood spirit returned to its original state, and its momentum returned to its peak!

Kunzu was dumbfounded!

No way? !

How did this little thief master so many avenues!

In the blink of an eye, he recovered as much as possible.

In this way, his previous blow was a waste of effort!

Thinking of this, Kunzu's face suddenly became difficult to look at.

The faces of the people who received them were also not good-looking.

Judging from the current situation, it seems that they are at a disadvantage.

After all, on their side, the reception was still injured, but no one on the other side was injured.

At this time, Kunzu took a deep breath, and then looked at Mu Ling's clone with a sullen look on his face.

"Little thief! I didn't expect it! You have mastered the innate immortality avenue! You can achieve immortality of the body! However, your luck will end here! Next, let you see, this ancestor really Strength!"

As soon as the voice fell, Kun Zu turned his palm over!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and Kunzu had an extra gray halberd in his palm! Knife.

Chapter nine hundred and ninety-seven beheading and receiving! Come back strong!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and Kunzu had an extra gray halberd in his palm!

As soon as the halberd appeared, it emitted colorful rays of light, distorting the entire starry sky, showing the aura of the Great Dao!

That is Kunzu's weapon of the avenue - the halberd of eternity!

Seeing the halberd of eternity, Kun Zu's heart was filled with confidence!

With this Eternal Halberd in hand, his attack power can skyrocket a lot, and at the same time he can display the power of eternity.

The power of eternity is the power of the innate eternal avenue, and it has indescribable magical effects!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This time, he didn't believe it, and he couldn't take the wood spirit clone!

Thinking of this, Kun Zu clenched the handle of the halberd and looked at the Mu Ling clone with a sneer.

At the same time, Ra, Vishnu, Shiva, and Jie Yin all showed great joy when they saw the Eternal Halberd.

It turns out that Lord Kunzu didn't use all his strength before.

Now, Lord Kunzu has taken out the Great Way Tool, and his strength will inevitably undergo earth-shattering changes, rising to a very high level!

In this way, the wood spirit clone is naturally dead!

The more you think about it, the more excited you are!

Swish~!

It was at this moment that Kunzu's figure flashed, and he attacked Mu Ling's clone again.

His speed is extremely fast, like a long rainbow!

I saw a flash of rainbow light, and Kun Zu came to the front!

Boom~!

In the next second, he stabbed the wood spirit with a halberd!

hum~~!

At the moment he stabbed, the eternal halberd lit up with a shocking light, and the momentum was one after another!

An invisible force of the Innate Great Dao erupted from the halberd, covering the whole body of Mu Ling!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next breath, the halberd blade lit up with a dazzling cold light, penetrated the void of the heavens, and stabbed Mu Ling's chest!

The momentum of that halberd suddenly reached 130 trillion stars, which was extremely terrifying!

As soon as the Azure Dragon Domain Lord felt this terrifying momentum, his face suddenly turned pale!

Gosh!

130 trillion stars!

Even if there are four of him in the strongest state, if he joins forces to resist this halberd, he will be instantly killed on the spot!

Could this be the power of the Five Absolutes? ,

This is too scary!

On the other hand, the four of them were also stunned and stunned!

But in the next second, ecstasy appeared on their faces.

Such a terrifying blow should be able to destroy the wood spirit clone!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, the halberd had stabbed in front of him and locked the wood spirit's breath, making it unavoidable!

At this moment, Mu Ling slashed with all his strength and slashed away!

Swah~~!

Axe flashes! Bright starry sky!

A heart attack strikes again!

The axe split through the layers of space and slashed straight to the halberd!

In the blink of an eye, the axes collided!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Sound waves sway!

That halberd swung away the axe, and Yu Wei continued to stab down, stabbed Mu Ling's chest fiercely!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Wow~!

The wood spirit spat out a mouthful of blood, then screamed and was blasted hundreds of millions of miles away!

This time, Mu Ling was severely injured, his whole body was cracked, and blood was flowing!

If it wasn't for the protection of Pantian Daojia, that halberd would have blasted him.

Seeing that Mu Ling was seriously injured, Kun Zu was overjoyed!

He finally made a contribution!

Perhaps with one more stab, he will be able to kill the wood spirit clone!

With this in mind, Kun Zu will pursue his victory!

A few people are also very excited to see!

They also felt that the wood spirit was about to die.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

I saw Kunzu only took half a step, and an invisible force of scourge descended from the sky, instantly pouring into his sea of ​​consciousness!

Kunzu's body trembled suddenly, he couldn't help groaning, a strand of blood seeped from the corner of his mouth, and his face was pale!

Even his momentum dropped by a point!

This strange scene made a few people look dumbfounded!

Kunzu even looked at Mu Ling in astonishment!

It was at this moment that Mu Ling finally stabilized his figure and hung in the air with a painful expression on his face.

Kunzu was extremely surprised: "Little thief! You... you actually mastered the avenue of merit!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

Rashen and others all showed incredible colors!

The avenue of merit!

That is the second-ranked Xiantian Avenue!

Qin Feng's avatar has also awakened!

It turns out that when Kunzu severely damaged the wood spirit, he also damaged its soul!

Kunzu suddenly suffered the scourge of the 'Avenue of Merit', and his soul body also suffered the same damage!

What made Kunzu depressed was that he did not master the avenue of souls (Xiantian).

Once this soul body is injured, he will not be able to recover for a while.

However, he is confident that the soul body is much stronger than the wood spirit!

Fighting for the consumption of the soul, he completely consumes the dead wood spirit clone!

Thinking of this, Kunzu sneered: "Little thief! Your avenue of merit is very powerful, but this ancestor can afford it. This time, I will see how you die!"

As soon as the voice fell, he was about to start again!

Om~!

It was at this moment that all kinds of Dao lights lit up on Mu Ling's body!

Seeing this, Kunzu sneered again: "Haha! Little thief, the eternal halberd of this ancestor contains the eternal avenue! After you are injured by the halberd of this ancestor, your injury will add eternal power!"

"Under the blessing of the power of eternity, your injuries will be eternal. Even if you use the Dao of Indestruction and the Dao of Soul, it will not repair your physical and soul injuries! You are in vain! Haha!"

Kunzu burst into laughter and was about to hunt down again!

But he was only halfway through his laugh when he realized that something was wrong!

I saw that Mu Ling's physical and soul injuries were rapidly recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!

How is this possible? !

He used the power of eternity!

How can this little thief repair his injuries?

Is it

Boom~!

Kunzu suddenly thought of something, and his heart was shocked!

He looked at Mu Ling in disbelief: "You actually master the Eternal Avenue!"

Kunzu guessed right!

When Qin Feng was awarded the title of Hongmeng Star Lord, one of the three innate avenues awarded was the eternal avenue!

Naturally, the wood spirit has mastered the eternal avenue!

With the blessing of the Eternal Avenue, the wood spirit can still repair the injury, but the repair speed is only one-third of the original, but it cannot achieve instant recovery.

After such a hesitation, Mu Ling's injuries recovered 70%.

Kunzu's face changed greatly!

The injury on his soul body cannot be repaired, but this little thief can!