Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Damn!"

With a roar, Kun Zu stepped out and killed Mu Ling in an instant!

Boom~!

In the next breath, he slashed down with a halberd, directly slashing at the top of Mu Ling's head!

The momentum of that blow suddenly reached 127 trillion stars, 3 trillion less than before!

That was because Kunzu's soul body was damaged, and his attack momentum also dropped!

In the blink of an eye, the halberd came close, and the momentum was shocking!

At this time, the injury of the wood spirit clone had recovered to 90%, and it was too late to recover.

He hurriedly made an axe and went to fight!

When~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

The wood spirit was chopped again and vomited blood and flew upside down, and the injury was aggravated again!

Kunzu also groaned, his soul body was equally injured!

Swish~!

But in the next second, Kunzu dodged and chased Mu Ling again.

He couldn't give the wood spirit more time to repair, and he had to keep bombarding the wood spirit!

The battle of soul consumption between the two sides has also started.

Seeing this scene, the four of them were dumbfounded.

Kunzu is a five absolute powerhouse!

The wood spirit persisted for several rounds, and even injured Kunzu.

"Go!"

But before they could think about it, the Mirage three clones sent a counterattack to them!

I saw the Mirage killed Ra, the Moon Spirit killed Vishnu, and the Blue Dragon Domain Lord killed Shiva.

Bing Ling went straight to pick up Venerable Reception!

As soon as the two sides fought, they were killed and screamed again and again!

Its tragic appearance is no less than that of the wood spirit, and even worse.

Suddenly, a strange scene appeared in the field!

I saw five battle groups in the field!

Kunzu crushed the wood spirit, killing the wood spirit to the point of retreating, and the momentum plummeted all the way!

Bing Ling crushed the lead, killing the lead was also screaming, and the momentum also plummeted all the way!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord and Shiva are still evenly matched!

Mirage is slightly stronger than Rashen, and the advantage is not obvious.

Yueling is much stronger than Vishnu, and obviously has the upper hand.

In such a comparison, it seems that the Azure Dragon Star Region has an advantage.

In the distance, the kings of gods saw this scene, and they all felt incredible, and they were terrified.

They all knew that it was all an illusion in front of them.

The most important thing is the battle between Kunzu and the wood spirit!

If the wood spirit is killed, the situation of the battle will be a shocking reversal.

Kun Zu alone can sweep across the three clones of the illusion and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

By that time, the Blue Star Realm and the Azure Dragon Star Region will all be out of luck.

Thinking of this, the kings of gods opened their eyes wide and watched the battle between Mu Ling and Kunzu nervously.

Seeing that the wood spirit was repeatedly injured and its momentum plummeted, the kings of gods were extremely anxious.

If this goes on, the wood spirit clone will eventually be killed!

But it will take 2 minutes for Lord Qin Feng to return, and I don't know if Mu Ling's clone can last that long?

At this thought, the kings of the gods became more worried.

There are also many people looking above the starry sky, looking forward to Qin Feng's return

At this moment, in the Daluo Tianjing, in the Merit Pavilion.

Qin Feng is refining Hongmeng Purple Qi with all his strength, and it has reached the final critical moment.

He naturally knew that the wood spirit clone was struggling with Kunzu, and the situation was extremely bad.

Therefore, he is also racing against time to refine Hongmeng Purple Qi!

hum~~!

Suddenly, he was shocked, his whole body lit up with a dazzling purple light, and his momentum was skyrocketing wildly!

Immediately afterwards, the sea of ​​​​knowledge roared, and Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), and obtaining the 100 million-star Dao foundation's power back! 】

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you have automatically awakened the Innate Dao - the Xuanzhi Dao...]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you automatically awakened the Dao of the Day After tomorrow—the Dao of Wuyu...]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you automatically awakened the Dao of Houtian - Dao of Yuan...]

[Congratulations on refining Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you have automatically awakened the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - Dao of Yizhi...]

[Congratulations on refining the Hongmeng Purple Qi (the foundation of the Dao), you automatically awakened the Dao of the Day after tomorrow—the Dao of Nether...]

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with eleven avenues of inspiration!

In just a while, he gained 100 million star combat power and 11 new avenues!

Among them, the innate avenue is the avenue of mystery!

Its morality is extremely mysterious!

As the saying goes: Mysterious and mysterious, the door to all wonders!

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows lit up with dazzling blue light, and the seal of the universe emerged!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the thirty-sixth petals began to condense and form.

After a while, it will be condensed and formed!

The seal of the universe, with thirty-six petals blooming, blooms with an incomparably dazzling blue light!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your intermediate seal of the universe has been detected, and thirty-six petals have already bloomed, which can be advanced to advanced]

[Your Seal of the Universe will automatically start to advance]

hum~~!

As soon as the reminder fell, the aura of the blue lotus imprint became more and more dazzling between Qin Feng's eyebrows!

At this moment, the cyan lotus pod in the middle of the lotus began to slowly grow thirty-six lotus seeds, all of them as fresh as real

This is the seal of the universe, the characteristics of advanced high-level

After a while, the seals of the universe are all completed, and the whole body emits a shocking Dao light!

Another reminder came from Heaven...

[Reminder: Your Seal of the Universe has been advanced to advanced! Congratulations on your promotion to the Master of the Advanced Universe (Qin Yuan Universe)! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the advanced universe! You have obtained the refining right to beat the divine whip (Qin Yuan Universe)! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the advanced universe! You have acquired the right to create the Buddha Tower (Qin Yuan Universe)! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the advanced universe! You have obtained the right to create the Temple of Supervision (Qin Yuan Universe)! 】

【Congratulations on becoming the master of the advanced universe! You have obtained 500 million stars of cosmic power feedback (Qin Yuan Universe) 2.2! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this prompt came out, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed wildly!

He has finally been promoted to the advanced master of the universe, and he has once again obtained the power of the universe to feed back!

After a while, those backfeeding subsided!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before he could finish being happy, the sea of ​​consciousness roared again!

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[It has been detected that you have been promoted to the advanced master of the universe, and you have reached the promotion standard of 'Substitute for Heaven (Advanced)', and you are being promoted]

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Advanced) Successfully! You get 3 trillion star power blessing! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Advanced) Successfully! Double the speed of your Enlightenment Scrolls! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Advanced) Successfully! You double the speed of refining Dao Crystal! 】

[Promoted to Heaven Replacer (Advanced) Successfully! Your supernatural power 'Dao Plunder' has been promoted to God level! 】

[Road plunder (God-level): You can forcibly plunder the avenues contained in the target, and each target can be plundered ten times! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng was a little dumbfounded!

He was promoted to a high-level substitute, and his combat power soared by 3 trillion in one fell swoop!

With such a huge improvement, the strength of the four clones will increase simultaneously.

It seems that the wood spirit clone is expected to hold it!

When he returns, he will naturally be able to kill the Quartet!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without thinking about it, Qin Feng's body lit up with dazzling purple energy, and his momentum began to skyrocket wildly.

He was amazed!

The next second, he closed his eyes and fully accepted the promotion reward!

Finally become a senior sky replacement!

He took another big step on the road to becoming the way of heaven

Chapter 998 Kill the audience! Crazy harvest!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In just a short while, Qin Feng has mastered 1564 avenues, and his combat power has soared to 17.32 trillion!

Such combat power should surpass the five absolutes!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked up at the direction of the Qinglong Starfield.

At this moment, at the border of the old nest in the Azure Dragon Star Region, the battle is undergoing great changes.

I saw Kunzu killed the wood spirit to the point of defeat.

At this moment, the injuries of the wood spirit clone continued to increase, and the momentum was extremely sluggish.

Its strongest blow has fallen to 67 trillion stars.

However, Kunzu's soul body was repeatedly injured under the backlash of the Great Way of Merit, his face became dark, and his attack power dropped to 110 trillion stars!

Judging by the magnitude of its decline, it was even larger than that of Mu Ling!