Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

This is because the wood spirit can repair the injury, but Kunzu cannot repair the injury, and the injury is naturally more serious.

Fortunately, Kunzu's foundation is very deep, and it still consumes dead wood spirit clones!

However, this annoyed him immensely!

Thinking that he was a powerhouse of the Five Absolutes, he was forced to such an extent by a clone of Qin Feng.

This made it difficult for him to accept!

Now, no matter what, he wants to destroy the avatar in front of him, so as to vent his hatred!

Thinking of this, Kunzu sneered: "Little thief! How many rounds can you hold on to?"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Kunzu launched an attack again, and stabbed the wood spirit with a halberd!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That shocking halberd, pierced through the heavens, instantly penetrated layers of space, and killed it to the front!

Mu Ling's eyes were terrified!

It turned out that he had come to the brink of collapse.

But Kunzu was chasing after him, not giving him any time to breathe!

This time, the attack is here again!

Perhaps under this blow, he will be defeated on the spot!

But he has been locked in the breath by Kunzu, and there is no way to retreat.

Thinking of this, Mu Ling had no choice but to bite the bullet and use his all-out axe to face the halberd!

At this moment, a call for help came from not far away!

"Kun... Lord Kunzu! Help me! Help me! I can't hold it anymore! Ah~~!"

At this moment, Ying Yin shouted for help.

He finally couldn't bear the crazy bombardment of Bing Ling, and he was on the verge of being killed.

Hearing the cry for help from behind, Kun Zu was only slightly taken aback!

Immediately, a look of disgust appeared in his eyes!

What a waste!

Asking him to rescue Jie Yin at this time is equivalent to giving Mu Ling time to breathe!

Then all his previous achievements will be in vain!

It is impossible for him to waste the great advantage in his hands.

Then if you want to die, you will die!

21 What's more, his employer is a big sacrifice to the sky, not a reception.

With this in mind, Kunzu no longer paid attention to the life and death, and the halberd continued to stab at the wood spirit!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The halberd blade glowed with cold light, piercing through layers of space, and it was about to hit the wood spirit again!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

The momentum of the wood spirit clone suddenly soared wildly all the way!

Om~!

He slashed out an axe, and a dazzling aura lit up, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

This sudden change made Kun Zu dumbfounded!

He never expected that Mu Ling's aura could suddenly become stronger!

He naturally didn't know that it was because Qin Feng's title was promoted, and the strength of the four avatars was also greatly improved!

In the blink of an eye, the attack momentum of Mu Ling's axe soared to 80 trillion stars!

The next breath, one axe and one halberd intersect!

When~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

The sound waves are amazing!

Mu Ling groaned again and was blasted away.

But this time, his injuries were obviously lighter than before!

Kunzu was dumbfounded!

He thought that this halberd would solve the wood spirit, but he didn't expect this result!

Kacha~!

Bang~! Bang~!

But before he could think about it, there were shrill screams and two muffled groans behind him!

Kunzu couldn't help but look back, and saw that Bing Ling slashed and killed Jie Yin with one sword, and even the true spirit was also beheaded!

As soon as the true spiritual light group shattered, more than 60 Taiqing Dao Crystals were formed!

The Tianbao Building also made a 'woohoo' scream!

Bing Ling hurriedly grabbed the 'Tianbao Building' and began to forcibly seal it.

That is an avenue weapon!

Looking at the other two sides, Vishnu was bombarded by the moon spirit and vomited blood and flew out!

Rashen was also bombarded by the mirage and flew thousands of feet away!

The strength of the three avatars has soared, and they have begun to crush their opponents!

This made the Qinglong Domain Lord and Shiva who were fighting **** the side all look dumbfounded.

They have fought hard so far, and they are still evenly divided. It seems that the three avatars have such a huge change!

Not only were they dumbfounded, Kunzu was dumbfounded too!

The gods and kings who watched the battle from a distance were also dumbfounded!

This situation seems to have fallen to the Azure Dragon Star Territory all of a sudden!

what happened?

In the end what happened? !

After such a delay, Vishnu stabilized his body.

He didn't have time to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth, and shouted to Kunzu very anxiously.

"Master Kunzu! The situation is not right! They suddenly become stronger! We don't have much time!"

With this reminder, Kun Zu suddenly realized.

yes!

In half a minute, Qin Feng will come out!

He has to hurry up and destroy the wood spirit first!

Otherwise, he really has no chance!

Boom~!

With this thought in mind, Kunzu flashed his figure and killed the Mu Ling clone again.

At this time, the wood spirit clone had stabilized his body and was repairing his injuries.

In the blink of an eye, Kun Zu came to the front!

The two sides fight again!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

For a time, the two sides killed the sky and the sky was dark, and the stars fell!

On the other hand, Bing Ling quickly sealed the Tianbao Building and put away those Taiqing Daojings.

As soon as he finished dealing with this, he flashed and teleported to Yueling's side.

Then, he teamed up with the Moon Spirit and launched a fierce attack on Vishnu!

Vishnu was immediately killed and retreated, screaming again and again!

His situation has become extremely bad!

The kings of gods watching the battle in the distance were all stunned!

Lord Qin Feng's avatar is actually getting stronger with more battles!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

How the **** did this happen?!

The king of the gods sighed endlessly!

Of course, the key to the battle is still between Kunzu and Mu Ling!

As long as Kunzu can destroy the wood spirit clone, the situation in the field will still be reversed in an instant.

In just a moment, Kunzu and Mu Ling fought for more than 20 rounds!

Kunzu's soul body has been continuously injured!

Its attack power has dropped to 103 trillion stars, and it is not as good as before using the Eternal Halberd.

This made Kun Zu extremely horrified!

Just one avatar consumed him to such an extent!

If Qin Feng came in person, what would be the situation?

Up to now, he no longer dared to underestimate Qin Feng.

However, before Qin Feng returns, he still hopes to destroy the Blue Star Realm.

His mission this time was to destroy the Blue Star Realm!

Looking at the attacking momentum of Mu Ling, it once again dropped to 70 trillion stars, and it is not far from collapse!

"Little thief! You're not dead yet!"

Kunzu roared angrily and fired a halberd again!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the Blue Star Realm gained the upper hand, the distance between the stars oscillated, and an earth-shattering roar sounded!

The entire star field was shocked!

Kunzu couldn't help but look up and saw a dazzling white light above the Blue Star Realm!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, a gate to the starry sky will slowly open above the starry sky!

Seeing this scene, Kun Zu's face changed greatly!

The kings of gods were ecstatic!

The gate of the starry sky in the Daluo Tianjing has opened!

Lord Qin Feng is coming back!

"Kun... Lord Kunzu! Qin Feng is coming back! Are we coming~!"

At this moment, Vishnu cried out with great anxiety.

But he was only halfway through speaking when he was blasted away by Yueling and Bingling, and he spat out a mouthful of blood again.

Vishnu realized that he was running out of steam.