Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

If Kunzu can't kill Mu Ling, he might as well withdraw now!

At the same time, God Ra and Shiva were all resigned.

They have been scared by the four avatars!

Not to mention the return of Qin Feng's body, the situation will be even worse!

Kunzu is not reconciled!

At this moment, he was furious: "Vishnu, you can hold on for a while! Even if Qin Feng's child returns, it may not be so strong! The strength of his four avatars is strong or weak! As long as the deity destroys the strongest Doppelganger, it will definitely be expected to turn the situation around!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Kunzu launched a frantic attack on Mu Ling!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the blink of an eye, he faced Mu Ling for three rounds!

Wow~! Wow~! Wow~!

The wood spirit continued to spray blood, and its momentum plummeted all the way!

In a blink of an eye, his attacking momentum dropped to 65 trillion stars!

The whole person's body and soul were cracked, his expression was extremely sluggish, and he was on the verge of collapse again.

Kunzu saw through it at a glance, and his face immediately showed ecstasy!

"Haha! Little thief! You can't hold it anymore! Go to hell!"

Boom~~!

Another shock!

Kunzu blasted away with all his strength!

That eternal halberd, shining with dazzling aura, is so powerful that it has reached 95 trillion stars!

Kunzu's attack and this fell below 10 billion!

But such an attack is enough to defeat the wood spirit at the end of the shot!

At this moment, Mu Ling's eyes showed panic, and there was a hint of helplessness and despair.

He knew he couldn't resist!

Under this blow, he will definitely collapse!

Seeing Mu Ling's desperate eyes, Kun Zu was even more excited!

Ha ha!

Everything is as he expected!

This little thief can't take it anymore!

After a series of hardships, he was finally able to kill this little thief and regain a little dignity!

Thinking of this, Kunzu's face became more and more hideous, and the attack speed in his hand increased by one point!

In his opinion, as long as this clone is killed, Qin Feng will definitely suffer heavy losses!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

This is Qin Feng's strongest clone!

At least the two avenues of the avatar, he has a way to seal it!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

As that thought emerged, Kunzu's halberd pierced through all the voids, and when it came close, it was about to kill the wood spirit!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the wood spirit disappeared out of thin air, not even a breath!

Ka~cha~!

Kunzu suddenly hit the air with a halberd!

The power of that halberd blasted thousands of miles of starry sky, and all of them exploded!

Only a huge black hole in the starry sky is left!

In the next second, Kun Zu was stunned!

He stared blankly at the black hole in front of him, stunned on the spot!

At the same moment, in the Blue Star Realm, above the heads of the gods, there was a sturdy and tall figure!

The kings of gods all looked at the man in awe and excitement!

The person here is Qin Feng!

He is back!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of Qin Feng, and the wood spirit appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that at the moment when Mu Ling was extremely dangerous, Qin Feng greeted him back.

As soon as Mu Ling appeared, the Pantian Dao Axe and Pantian Dao Armor automatically flew towards Qin Feng!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng was equipped with two Taoist weapons!

At this moment, Mu Ling's hand pinched the seal, and a golden light flew out of his body and fell back into the Blue Star Realm.

His momentum suddenly plummeted all the way!

It turned out that Mu Ling released the state of the unity of the human and the stars, and the power of the planet in his body also returned to the Blue Star Realm.

After doing this, the wood spirit clone quickly healed on the spot.

Qin Feng also quickly pinched the seal and began to absorb the power of the planet!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the Blue Star Realm trembled violently!

The power of the planet rose to the sky and poured into Qin Feng's body

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed all the way!

At the same moment, at the border of the Star Territory's old nest, Kun Zu's roaring roar sounded!

That voice was full of endless unwillingness and anger!

Right now, at the border.

Kunzu's face was flushed with anger!

The wood spirit, who was about to be killed, was rescued at this time.

All his efforts were in vain.

He knew that it was Qin Feng's fault!

At this time, not only him, but Ra, Shiva, and Vishnu also saw it.

Suddenly, the three of them were desperate!

They had hoped that Kun Zu could destroy the wood spirit and turn the situation around!

Now it seems that the trend is over!

"Master Kunzu! The situation is not good! Let's retreat!"

As soon as the words fell, Ra, Shiva, and Vishnu turned around and fled!

Especially Na Vishnu, who escaped most actively.

He was besieged by Yueling and Bingling, and he was the most seriously injured.

If you don't escape, I'm afraid your life will not be guaranteed!

Seeing the three of Lashen running away, Kunzu was shocked and angry, as if he had been greatly humiliated!

Obviously, these three people are not optimistic about him!

Thinking that Qin Feng was back, he would be defeated!

Damn it!

He is one of the top five!

Today he will stay and see the strength of Qin Feng's children.

He didn't believe that, as a five-jue self, he would not be as good as a junior in the main **** realm!

Up to now, Kunzu still stubbornly believes that he will be stronger than Qin Feng.

Of course, there is another reason why he dares to stay!

That is, he is the fastest among the five absolutes.

Even if he really can't beat Qin Feng, he is confident that he can escape!

With this in mind, Kun Zu did not intend to leave.

On the other side, the three of Lashen escaped.

The Mirage three clones and the Azure Dragon Domain Master are chasing after them.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, Kun Zu teleported, and suddenly a phantom mirage appeared above him.

Boom~!

In the next second, Kun Zu slashed towards the Mirage clone with a halberd and bombarded away!

Phantom Mirage!

He did not integrate the power of the planet, and his strength was far inferior to that of the wood spirit. How could he resist this halberd!

Even if the power of this halberd has dropped significantly, he can't catch it!

Obviously, Kunzu could not kill the wood spirit, so he poured out his anger on the head of the phantom!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, the halberd bombarded, destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and locked the phantom in place!

Phantom Mirage was terrified, and the six pure bamboos in his hand went to fight!

huh~! huh~!

At this moment, white light flashed next to him!

Yueling and Bingling were summoned through space and came to help in an instant!

In the next breath, Yueling sacrificed the four swords of slaying the sky, and shot countless lightsabers forward!

The Emperor Xi Sword in Bing Ling's hand also slashed forward!

The three avatars joined forces in an instant, and the momentum was shocking!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~~!

A loud bang!

Wow~! Wow~! Wow~!

In the next second, all the three clones of the phantom mirage screamed, and at the same time, their bodies were cracked, their souls were severely injured, and they all vomited blood and flew out!

This scene made the Azure Dragon Domain Lord stunned!

The three of Rashen, who were escaping originally, were surprised to see that they could not help but stop!

They saw Wujue's demeanor again!