Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The strength of the Mirage three clones is so strong, but they can't resist Kunzu's blow even if they join forces!

But before they could finish being happy, Kun Zu groaned three times in a row, with three strands of blood oozing from the corners of his mouth!

damn it!

These three avatars also mastered the avenue of merit!

His soul body was continuously injured again!

As a result, Kunzu's momentum has dropped a lot!

However, he could see that the Mirage triple was on the verge of collapse.

These three guys are far inferior to the wood spirit clones!

He wanted to take the opportunity to destroy these three clones and cause Qin Feng as much loss as possible.

With this in mind, Kun Zu is about to start again!

huh~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air, blocking the front of the three avatars

Chapter 999 Dao-level pets! Judgment Legacy!

Kunzu was stunned, and quickly looked away at Qin Feng.

This young man is nine-point similar to the Mirage three clones, but the breath is unfathomable, obviously stronger than the Mirage three clones, and even stronger than the wood spirit clones.

At the moment, he guessed something, and his expression became solemn.

"Boy! Are you Qin Feng?!"

Kunzu opened his mouth to inquire.

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised, but he did not reply.

He didn't even bother to answer!

Seeing this, Kunzu frowned slightly, feeling extremely annoyed in his heart.

Even if Qin Feng didn't say it, he was sure that the kid in front of him was Qin Feng!

It's just that he didn't expect this kid to be so arrogant!

In the face of such a powerful man of the Five Absolutes, he is reluctant to even reply.

Thinking of this, he sneered.

"Little thief! Even if you don't say it, I know that you are Qin Feng! This old man really wants to know, what is your ability to be so arrogant in front of this ancestor! Die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Kunzu rushed straight to Qin Feng!

The three La Shen, who were fleeing originally, could not help but stop.

They are also curious, what is Qin Feng's strength?

If Qin Feng's strength is not as good as Kunzu, they will naturally fight back!

In the blink of an eye, Kun Zu came to the front!

With all his strength, he slammed into Qin Feng's face!

Om~!

The halberd blasted out, and the tip of the blade suddenly lit up with a dazzling cold light, and the halberd body vibrated constantly!

The monstrous momentum completely locked Qin Feng, and the power of its halberd reached 90 trillion stars!

Before that, Kun Zu severely damaged the three clones of the Mirage, and his soul body was also severely damaged by the triple attack.

This caused his attack power to drop to 90 trillion again!

But this 90 trillion attack power, in the eyes of the three of Rashen, is already terrifying to the extreme, making them unable to believe it!

Even Mu Ling can't resist it, I wonder if Qin Feng can resist it?

Not only did they think so, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord also opened his eyes wide and watched nervously.

He was very worried that Qin Feng would not be able to resist!

The **** kings who were watching the battle also held their breaths and watched nervously!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, the halberd stabbed to the front, and the momentum was devastating!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng broke out instantly!

Killing intent soared into the sky!

God **** it! Kill the land! Kill all beings!

Seven Killing Divine Body! Motivated instantly!

Om~! Om~!

Pan Tian Dao Axe! Pan Tiandaojia! Activate at the same time!

The power of luck is also superimposed instantly!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's aura skyrocketed to 53.94 trillion stars, and the terror was extreme!

But it's not over!

Om~! Om~! hum~!

In the next breath, white light flashed on his body, extremely dazzling!

The sacrificial power of fourteen envoys, including Dijiang, Jumang, and Houtu, has been fed back.

At the same time, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Elder Qishan and other more than 200 star field masters also offered sacrifices.

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power has soared by about 2 trillion, reaching 56 trillion stars!

"Hey! This is..."

In just a moment, Kun Zu sensed the terrifying momentum, and his face changed slightly, feeling bad!

But he has no way out, the halberd is about to hit Qin Feng!

He also didn't believe that Qin Feng could really be a lot stronger than Mu Ling!

If he doesn't fight for a while, he will never be reconciled to retreat!

With this in mind, the attack in Kunzu's hands accelerated by another point!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly time, layers of space, all pierced!

All roads are destroyed!

The momentum of that halberd, with an irresistible momentum, stabbed towards Qin Feng!

Swish~!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

With all his strength, he slashed and slashed away!

Om~! Om~!

When the axe slashed out, it lit up the heavenly light, one after another!

Road Axe! Road armor! Jade plate!

The attacks of the three great weapons are boosted at the same time!

The attack instantly increases by 20%!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this time, six phantom worlds of heaven, ghost world, region, human world, Shura, and beasts reappeared behind Qin Feng!

Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven, instantly activated!

The attack increase has skyrocketed by another 20%!

In an instant, Qin Feng's axe's attack increased by 40%, and its attack power suddenly reached 280 trillion stars. The momentum shook the sky and was extremely terrifying!

This is….

Kunzu felt it instantly!

He suddenly opened his eyes wide, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the axe that penetrated the sky slashed down!

Swah~~!

Axe flashes!

The universe is cracked!

Kacha~! Poof~!

Only a crisp sound!

Qin Feng smashed Kunzu into two halves with one axe, and even his soul body was shattered!

Suddenly, blood splattered all over the sky, and a shrill roar echoed in the starry sky!

huh~!

In the next second, a white ball of light the size of a head flew out from the corpse of Kunzu, and was about to escape into the distance.

That is the true spirit of Kunzu!

At this moment, it is about to escape!

Qin Feng's eyes are fast and his hands are fast, and he slashes away with another axe.

Swish~!

Axe flashes!

That axe instantly penetrated the true aura!

"Ah~~¨¨!"

A heart-piercing roar suddenly came from the real aura.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The real aura quickly dimmed, but it was not split!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and the pupils of God's Punishment appeared!

huh~!

Another Heavenly Punishment Dao Light, lasing out!

Directly penetrated the true aura!

Bang~!

That really aura group suddenly burst!

Turned into shards of true spirit!

This scene suddenly made the audience dumbfounded!

Gosh!

In just three face-to-face encounters, Lord Qin Feng killed one of the five masters!

Simply terrifying!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it at all!

At this moment, the audience was extremely silent!

It's as if the whole world is quiet!