Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Poof~!

At this moment, a soft sound came from the Eternal Halberd!

Kunzu was destroyed!

The imprint of the true spirit left in the halberd of eternity is automatically shattered, making it an ownerless thing!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

In the next second, the Eternal Halberd screamed continuously, as if mourning the dead master!

Seeing this, the Mirage clone flashed forward, grabbed the Halberd of Eternity, and began to forcibly seal it!

The three of Rashen woke up suddenly, turned around and ran away!

"Can you escape?"

Qin Feng sneered, stepped into the air, and teleported away!

In the next breath, he appeared in front of the three of them, blocking their way.

The three of Rashen were immediately frightened and pale!

"Big... lord! We were wrong!"

"My lord! We are only ordered to sacrifice to the heavens, not..."

"Big... lord! Forgive... life!"

The next second, the three of them scrambled to beg for mercy.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it, and slashed down with an axe!

Swish~!

Axe flashes! Break the starry sky!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Blood splashed again and again!

Terrible screams, one after another!

With just one axe, Qin Feng instantly killed the three of Lashen, and even the true spirits of the three were annihilated!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was dumbfounded and froze in place, unable to react for a while!

It was at this time that Kunzu's shattered true spirit fragments condensed into Taiqing Dao Crystals, reaching more than 3!

More than 130 Dao crystals were condensed from the true spirit fragments of Rashen.

The true spirit fragments of Vishnu and Shiva also condense a Tao crystal each!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This is another huge harvest feast!

With a wave of his hand, he sucked all those Taiqing Daojing into his hands.

At this time, the Bing Ling clone teleported in one step, and gave Qin Feng the dozens of Dao Crystals obtained during the beheading.

As a result, Qin Feng has obtained a total of 7 Taiqing Dao Crystals this time, and the harvest is extremely rich!

Qin Feng took another inventory and found that about 190 of them were available, and the rest were awakened avenues!

At the moment, he put away Daojing contentedly and sent it directly into the small universe for refining.

After doing this, he cleaned up the battlefield again, and got the weapons of Ra and Shiva, as well as the storage rings of several people.

As for Vishnu, no weapons were left behind.

His weapon is the battle pet Naga, which has long been beheaded by the wood spirit clone.

Putting away the spoils, the battlefield was initially cleared, and Qin Feng was in a good mood.

This time, he got a lot of money!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord recovered from the shock and hurriedly came forward to pay his respects.

"Brother Qin Feng...Brother...Sir!"

Halfway through the words, the Azure Dragon Domain Master hurriedly changed his words, and his expression was also very restrained.

He wanted to call Qin Feng his brother as before, but suddenly he felt unworthy, so he changed his name to an adult!

In this world where strength is respected, strength is the standard by which all status is measured.

When Qin Feng heard that, he couldn't help but look at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

Afterwards, he smiled slightly: "Brother, why did you suddenly become restrained? You don't need to call me 'sir', you and I can still call me the same as before!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled bitterly: "My lord, don't be a jerk. With your current strength, you have already overwhelmed the top five and become the first person under eternity!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I may not be the first person under eternity! After all, before I killed Kunzu, his soul body had been damaged a lot, and his combat power was only 70% of the peak period."

"At the same time, I also borrowed the power of the planet from the Blue Star Realm and obtained 9 trillion combat power blessings!"

"If there is no blessing from the power of the Blue Star Realm. Kunzu is at his peak again, I would need at least twenty face-to-face encounters before I can kill him! And Kunzu only ranks fourth among the five elites!"

"In this way, I may not be able to defeat the top five elites! Therefore, I may not be the first person under eternity!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord took a deep breath: "Your lord is humble! Qing can guarantee that you will definitely beat Yuan Feng, who is number one in the Five Absolutes!"

Qin Feng smiled and said no more.

He wasn't interested in debating that either.

What's more, his goal is not to crush the Wujue, but to deal with the great sacrifice to heaven.

That is his greatest enemy!

Even if the sacrifice to heaven is not removed, he is always uneasy.

However, Dajitian is the leader in the Eternal Realm. Compared with Dajitian, his strength is still too different.

Don't say that compared with the big sacrifice, even compared with the weakest Eternal Realm powerhouse, he is too different.

It is rumored that the basic combat power threshold of Eternal Realm is 1 trillion stars!

And the attack increase of Eternal Realm can be at least five times, that is to say, it can display more than 5 trillion attacks!

Just thinking about it is scary!

What's more, there are many incredible means in the Eternal Realm, which are not comparable to the Demigod Realm at all.

From another point of view, half-step eternity is like an ant in front of the eternal realm.

I have never heard of that half-step eternal powerhouse that can threaten the eternal realm.

Looking at Qin Feng's strength, he can achieve five times the attack increase, reaching the threshold of eternal power.

But his own combat power and momentum, without the blessing of the power of the planets in the Blue Star Realm, can only reach 38 trillion stars at the strongest, which is still far from the threshold of the Eternal Realm!

Compared with the big sacrifice to heaven, the gap is even greater.

However, with Qin Feng's current strength, there is already a chance to escape from the Eternal Realm.

This is also a miracle!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is still very satisfied with his improvement.

Immediately, he said to the master of the Azure Dragon Domain: "¨.Forget it! Don't talk about that! Brother, you help me protect the Blue Star Realm this time, and I can't repay you! I will give you these thirty Taiqing Daojing. !"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand, and the thirty Taiqing Daojing flew towards the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

"This this…"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was both surprised and delighted!

Taiqing Daojing!

That is a very precious resource!

He usually wants to get one, it is extremely difficult!

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng gave him 30 pieces at will.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord subconsciously caught Dao Jing.

Afterwards, he looked terrified and said, "Big... lord! It's too heavy! Your reward is too heavy and important! Qing can't bear it!"

Having said that, he respectfully handed back the Dao Jing in his hand...

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Brother, accept it! You deserve all these! Also, you don't need to call me 'adult'!"

"This this…"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord hesitated.

After a long time, he sighed: "That's it! Then Qing would accept these Daojings cheekily! It's just Qing's work that is really not worthy of such a generous reward. I only ask you to call you 'sir' in the future, and I hope you will not refuse again. !"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head, somewhat unable to resist the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

"That's it! Then let's do it with you!"

Seeing Qin Feng's promise, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was overjoyed, and immediately put away Daojing happily.

He somehow felt that if he followed Qin Feng in the future, he might get more benefits.

If he can recognize Qin Feng as the master like Qin Feng's subordinates, then he can take advantage of it with peace of mind?

Of course, this thought only turned around in the mind of the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

Having said that, the Daojing sent by Qin Feng to the Azure Dragon Domain Master is the avenue he has awakened, and it is also not used by subordinates such as Di Jiang and Jumang.

The masters of the star fields corresponding to those Dao crystals have also been cultivated.

Therefore, the 30 Dao Crystals were much less useful to Qin Feng, so they were given to the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

"Lord Qin Feng, you have shattered the plan of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven this time! The Great Sacrifice to Heaven will not stop! In another month or two, the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord will begin, and the Great Sacrifice Heaven should deal with you at that time!"

After putting away the Daojing, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but remind him.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This is inevitable! Having said that, I have become the Lord of the Sanctuary, and I have the qualification to participate in the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord! Next, I plan to judge the God's Domain. I don't know if my brother will go or not. go?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "The inheritance of the Judgment Domain Lord is actually the inheritance of the Lord of the Hongyuan Universe. According to the rules, as long as you are the Lord of the Star Domain and the Lord of the Sanctuary in this universe, you are eligible to participate!"

"With Qing's aptitude, even if he goes, he will not pass the inheritance assessment. However, the inheritance place contains infinite resources and opportunities."

"As long as the district participates in the inheritance assessment of the trial domain master, there will be a chance to obtain rich resources. Therefore, Qingmou intends to make a foray, and wants to harvest some resources!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "At that time! You and I will go together!"

The owner of Qinglong is overjoyed: "With the company of adults, Qingmou is even more looking forward to this inheritance battle."

Qin Feng smiled and said no more.

The next second, he pinched the seal and activated the secret technique...

An invisible force instantly enveloped a radius of hundreds of millions of miles...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck you received, your luck value +22,000 times…]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Shiva, your luck value +31,000 times…]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Vishnu, your luck value +32,000 times…]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Rashen, your luck value +35,000 times…]

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of Kunzu, your luck value +70,000 times…]

In just a moment, Qin Feng devoured the free luck in the field, and accumulated a total of 190,000 times the luck value!

So far, his luck has reached 109 times!

"Hoo~! Everything is complete! We should go back!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally dealt with the trivial matters, and was extremely satisfied with his harvest.

At the moment, the group intends to return.

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, the corner of Qin Feng's eyes seemed to have discovered something.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

He couldn't help but turn his head and look there...