Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The thousandth chapter is secretly laid out! Overcast sun!

"Huh! That is"

Suddenly, the corner of Qin Feng's eyes seemed to have discovered something.

He turned his head to look somewhere

There is the place where Kunzu fell!

I saw that at the center of the fall, there was a mysterious thing left, which could not be scanned with divine sense, but could be seen with the naked eye.

Before there were too many spoils, Qin Feng didn't pay much attention and almost missed it!

This unexpected discovery surprised him greatly!

At the moment, he waved to the mysterious thing

huh~!

I saw a flash of golden light, and the mysterious thing was sucked in from the air and suspended in front of Qin Feng.

It was actually a small golden ball of light the size of a soybean

"Hey~! This is"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord also showed curiosity when he saw the small golden light group.

He also used his spiritual sense to detect it just now, but he didn't feel anything.

If it weren't for the naked eye to see, this light group really couldn't be found!

At this moment, Qin Feng also looked at the light group in amazement.

In the next second, his eyes lit up with a faint aura, and the eyes of peeping at the light group peeped away.

[True Spirit of Kun: Eternal level, residual spirit, has not yet formed any thoughts! 】

[Reminder: Eternal-level remnant spirit, eternal immortality! 】

[Reminder: To fuse with Dao blood, you can turn it into a spiritual egg and gain a chance of rebirth. 】

"Hey! This is actually an Eternal Remnant!"

Qin Feng was slightly surprised.

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord also spied out.

He also took a deep breath and said: "Hey~! I didn't expect it! A small part of Kunzu's true spirits have been transformed into Eternal-level True Spirits! It is rumored that the Five Judes are expected to be promoted to Eternal Realm, which seems to be true. already."

Speaking of the end, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was full of emotion, and his tone could not hide the color of envy.

Half-step eternity is no longer a few in this world. The Lord of the Three Thousand Star Regions is three thousand half-step eternity, and the rest of the scattered cultivators are even more.

But among so many half-step eternities, very few can become eternity realm!

Now, he saw that Kunzu had crossed the most difficult threshold and started to transition to the eternal realm, how could he not be envious!

Having said that, even if he is as powerful as Kunzu, he will eventually die in the hands of Qin Feng, and Qin Feng is only the master of the gods.

In this comparison, Qin Feng's potential and talent are thousands of times stronger than Kunzu!

Thinking of this, the look of the Azure Dragon Domain Master towards Qin Feng became even more awe-inspiring.

At this moment, Qin Feng watched the remnant spirit and couldn't help muttering.

"Eternal-level remnant spirits can be immortal! Could it be that the Eternal Realm will never die?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "Master Qin Feng, the Eternal Realm is called Eternal because it is immortal. In theory, the Eternal Realm cannot be killed, and it is also immortal!"

Hearing the 227 words, Qin Feng frowned: "If this is the case, it will be a big trouble!"𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Having said that, he raised his eyes and looked up into the depths of the starry sky, his face full of worry.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was surprised: "Sir, why did you say this?"

Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "Brother, as you know, I was targeted by the Great Sacrificial Heaven. The Great Sacrificial Heaven is the leader in the eternal realm, so it is even more impossible to kill! If he does not die, I will always have an enemy! This It's like being stuck in the throat!"

Speaking of this, Qin Feng felt depressed!

With his temperament, he naturally wants to kill the Great Sacrificial Heaven with an axe, and never suffer from future troubles!

With this reminder, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord frowned slightly: "Yes! This is indeed a big trouble!"

Immediately, his eyes lit up again: "It doesn't seem to be the case! My lord, the Lord of the Universe also exists in the Eternal Realm, and he is still the top existence in the Eternal Realm. It is much stronger than the Great Sacrificial Heaven! But he still fell!"

"It can be seen that the Eternal Realm can also be killed. As for **** it, it is beyond my knowledge!"

After hearing these words, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

right!

Since the Lord of the Universe will fall, it means that there is a way to kill the Eternal Realm!

It's just that he doesn't know it yet!

Perhaps, when his strength grows to a certain level, he will know **** the Eternal Realm.

Thinking of this, the light in Qin Feng's eyes is even brighter!

As long as there is a way to kill the Eternal Realm, then everything will be easy!

He will definitely find a way to kill Da Jitian and never suffer from future troubles!

"Right! Brother, do you know how the last Lord of the Universe fell?"

Qin Feng said curiously.

The last master of the universe was the ancestor of Long Pian.

As a descendant of his blood, Qin Feng naturally cares about this matter, which is also related to racial blood feud.

"This, that is an ancient thing, I really don't know!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled wryly and shook his head.

Then, he added: "However, I have a ray of Judgment bloodline in my body, which is somewhat related to Judgment God's Domain. If I'm serious, I can be regarded as a descendant of Judgment God's Domain's peripheral blood!"

"In other words, the lord of the universe is also considered to be the ancestor of Qing's blood! It's a pity! After this ancestor died inexplicably, these peripheral descendants like me, even his enemies are not clear!"

Speaking of which, the Azure Dragon Domain Master sighed endlessly.

Qin Feng was a little surprised: "Brother also has the blood of judgment? Then you can obtain the vocation of judgment in the realm of judgment?"

Qinglong smiled bitterly: "Only the purest Judgment bloodline is expected to activate the vocation. That type of person belongs to the direct descendants of the Lord of the Ancient Universe. My Judgment bloodline is mixed and impure, and I am not qualified to activate the vocation!"

"Hey! Master Qin Feng, how do you know about the vocation of judgment? Do you also have the blood of judgment in your body?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's right! I activated my vocation! And it has been completed!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was greatly shocked.

He did not expect that Qin Feng was actually the direct descendant of the previous Lord of the Universe.

In this way, there is no blood relationship between him and Qin Feng.

Immediately, he said excitedly: "So it is! No wonder, the first time I saw the adults, I felt a little close. It turns out that you and I are related by blood. I finally understand why the big sacrifice has been targeting you!"

Qin Feng hurriedly asked: "How do you say this?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord took a deep breath and said, "Let's put it this way! There has always been a rumor in this universe that the new Lord of the Universe will be born in the direct descendants of the previous Lord of the Universe."

"For this rumor, Dajitian is naturally not reconciled. He has coveted the position of the Lord of the Universe for a long time. Therefore, as long as there are some children of Judgment God's Domain with extraordinary talent, he will try his best to kill them, so as to avoid future troubles!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "So it is!"

In fact, he had already guessed the answer.

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked worried again: "Lord Qin Feng, in fact, you should be careful not only of the great sacrifice to the sky, but also of Rahu! That Rahu is a much stronger existence than the great sacrifice to the sky!"

"Be careful with Rahu?!"

Qin Feng looked puzzled.

He is no stranger to Rahu!

In the Star Lord ranking list, he had seen Luo Hu's name.

That guy's performance, overwhelming Dajitian and Tianzun, is obviously a lot stronger than them!

Qin Feng was also jealous of him.

At this time, the master of the Azure Dragon Region said: "Yes! I don't know the specific reason for the fall of the previous master of the universe, but it has something to do with Luo Hu and Da Jitian!"

"The Great Sacrifice Heaven doesn't allow your presence. Rahu will not allow it either. It's just that Rahu has been in seclusion all these years, and few of his disciples go out to wander!"

"But now, the 'Judgment Domain Master' inheritance assessment will be launched, and Luo Hu will also be out of the customs. At that time, he will definitely send someone to participate in the inheritance assessment, and he will focus on you!"

Qin Feng suddenly realized: "So it is! It seems that the inheritance assessment is more complicated than I thought!"

Having said that, Qin Feng couldn't help but look in the direction of Judgment God's Domain, revealing contemplation.

It's time for him to see Tianzun and learn more about the truth!

Having said that, he still has an SS-level mission on him!

That is to collect "Books of the Past", "Books of the Present World" and "Books of the Future", and integrate the treasure of the town of Judgment God's Domain - "Book of Three Worlds"!

Now, he is almost on the next page of the book!

The next page is in the hands of Tianzun.

As long as he meets Tianzun, Tianzun will give him the next page, and he can complete the task.

After completing this task, he will be able to get rich task rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is looking forward to it!

At this time, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord sounded from the side.

"Sir, what are you going to do with this remnant?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at the little golden light group.

Qin Feng's eyes also fell on the light group in front of him again.

"This remnant spirit has reached the eternal level, and it is impossible to destroy it! At least I can't do it now. Fortunately, this remnant spirit has not yet formed any thoughts, and it is not bad to use it to turn it into a pet!"

Qin Feng expressed his thoughts.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded: "Qing also feels that this method is the safest!"

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled, and then he broke the blood clotting, and ejected a drop of blood essence to the light group in front of him.

Poof~!

As soon as the blood essence fell into the golden light group, it was completely absorbed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the small golden light group released endless suction, swallowing up the surrounding blood mist.

Before long, the blood mist was swallowed up!

A cyan battle pet spirit egg, condensed out, is five feet in size, covered with avenues of gods, exuding an extremely extraordinary breath!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away

[Kunpeng Spirit Egg: Dao level, has automatically recognized 'Qin Feng' as the main! 】

[Reminder: After this spiritual egg hatches, the pet will be the king of gods, and there is no threshold for promotion half-step forever! 】

After reading the prompt, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was even more amazed.

"Tsk tsk! Dao-level battle pet! Sir, Qing is here to congratulate you! As long as this battle pet is cultivated a little, it won't take long before you can have a half-step eternal subordinate."

Speaking of which, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was envious.

Qin Feng smiled, then waved his hand to put away the pet egg.

This is indeed an unexpected surprise!

He also did not expect that he would get a pet beyond the Chaos level.