Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Okay! Brother, we should go back too!"

At the moment, the two stopped talking and flew back.

After a while, the two returned to the vicinity of the Blue Star Realm.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness roared, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: It has been detected that you have become a substitute (advanced)! The title of Tianzhe (top-level) is automatically activated! 】

[The promotion conditions for the substitute (top-level) are as follows]

[Promoted to the top 'Master of the Universe'! 】

[Basic combat power reaches 30 trillion stars! 】

[The luck value reaches 10,000 times! 】

【Reputation reaches 50,000 points! 】

[Refining the Tao-level wonders of the Qin Yuan universe - beat the divine whip! 】

Huh~!

The new title task is activated!

Qin Feng was surprised and delighted!

This is exactly what he was looking forward to the most!

Compared to becoming the lord of the universe in this Hongyuan universe, he looks forward to becoming the way of heaven!

And if he wants to become the Heavenly Dao, he will have to upgrade the title of the Heavenly Servant to the full level!

Now, he finally activated the new title task.

With that in mind, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked his status.

He wanted to check that he was far from being a top-level substitute and still lacked those conditions.

[Full-level Human]: The Heavenly Servant (Advanced)

[Qin Yuan Universe]: Lord of the Universe (Advanced)

[Full-level vocation]: Full-level Hongmeng Supreme

[Air Luck]: 1.09 million times

【Reputation】: 6.84 million points

[Basic combat power]: 17.32 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 36

[Total number of avenues]: 1564

After reading this, Qin Feng felt relieved!

His luck and prestige have improved rapidly, and he has reached the promotion standard.

Currently, he needs to complete three **** conditions.

The first is to be promoted to the top lord of the universe!

The second is that the basic combat power reaches 30 trillion stars!

The third is to refine the Tao-level wonders of the Qin Yuan universe - the whip of the gods!

Of these three conditions, perhaps the magic whip is the easiest to complete!

"Sir, you"

Just when Qin Feng closed the panel, the Azure Dragon Domain Master seemed to be aware of it and couldn't help but look back at him.

Qin Feng smiled: "It's okay! Let's go!"

Immediately, he dodged and entered the Blue Star Realm first.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord followed closely behind!

Since the title task was activated, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

At this moment, in the Blue Star Realm.

Those god-kings have been waiting for a long time.

As soon as Qin Fengcai entered, the gods and kings came forward to pay their respects.

"I've been waiting to see Lord Qin Feng!"

Everyone kowtowed one after another, all of them looked very nervous, they didn't even dare to breathe, and they didn't even dare to look up and look at Qin Feng.

This time, Qin Feng left a deep impression on the hearts of these **** kings, which is indelible!

At this time, the atmosphere in the field was a little serious and depressing!

Qin Feng smiled: "You don't need to be more polite!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord also said: "This crisis has been lifted! You don't need to stay here, go back!"

"Yes! Domain Master!"

At the moment, the kings of the gods retreated one after another, receding like a tide!

For some reason, these **** kings stood in front of Qin Feng, feeling inexplicably depressed and fearful.

In fact, this is the difference between the weak and the strong!

A rabbit in front of a lion will be frightened from the bottom of his heart!

When the kings of gods receded, the master of the Qinglong domain asked again: "Lord Qin Feng, when do you plan to go to the judgment domain?"

Qin Feng pondered for a while: "When I finish digesting this harvest, I will go to Judgment God's Domain! After all, in the Judgment Domain Lord's inheritance assessment, all the participants are Domain Lord-level figures, so it shouldn't be underestimated!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded: "That's right! I'm going to retreat too!"

"By the way! Brother, in the inheritance of this trial domain master, will there be players from the Eternal Realm participating?"

Qin Feng asked another question of concern.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord took a deep breath and said, "Yes! In each assessment, there will be one or two Eternal Realm existences. However, the existence of Eternal Realm is only eligible to participate once!"F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"If they fail the first time, they will not be able to participate in the second time. For half-step eternal players, there is no such restriction. Even if they fail this time, they can continue the test next time, and there is no limit on the number of times!"

"In addition, if the Eternal Realm players want to obtain the inheritance of the 'Judgment Domain Master', the difficulty of the assessment will be doubled."

"So, Eternal Realm players won't take action easily. Unless they have great confidence, they will participate in the assessment!"

"Actually, in previous inheritance assessments, once those Eternal Realm players realized that they would not get the inheritance, they would make trouble and cause other players to not get inheritance!"

After listening to these words, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

"So it is! It seems that I have to improve my strength! Otherwise, if those Eternal Realm players make trouble, I am afraid that I will fall short!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded: "That's true! If there are not players in the Eternal Realm every year, when they see their failures, they will do something detrimental to others. I'm afraid that there are strong people who have already inherited it."

"In the last assessment, Yuan Feng, who ranked first in the Five Absolutes, almost got the inheritance. In the end, he was destroyed by an Eternal Realm boss."

Hearing this, Qin Feng's expression became more serious.

It seems that he can't be too optimistic!

With his current strength, he is definitely not an opponent of the Eternal Realm.

If he wants to secure the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master, he has to continue to improve his strength!

Chapter 1001: Jade Plate Advancement! Light and dark heaven!

At this time, Qin Feng thought of another serious question and couldn't help but look at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

"Brother, will Da Jitian and Luo Hu participate in this inheritance assessment?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Master hurriedly shook his head: "No! According to the assessment rules, those players who can participate in the Eternal Realm must have broken through the Eternal Realm within a thousand years. If they exceed a thousand years, they are not eligible to participate."

"It has been tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years, that Dajitian and Luohu have broken through the Eternal Realm. Naturally, they are not eligible to participate~."

Hearing this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Without Da Tian and Luo Hu's spoilers, he would have a little more confidence.

Having said that, only those who have broken through the Eternal Realm within a thousand years are eligible to participate in the assessment.

It shows that the eternal realm that can participate will definitely be the weakest group of existences in the eternal realm.

But even in the weakest Eternal Realm, Qin Feng is not his opponent now!

"I hope that in this inheritance assessment, there will be fewer Eternal Realm players participating!"

Qin Feng couldn't help sighing.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master also said: "Yes! The more Eternal Realm players who go to participate, the more difficult the assessment will be. However, there are only one or two Eternal Realm players in each session, and there have never been more than three."

Hearing this, Qin Feng nodded slightly and finally understood something.

According to his calculations, the difficulty of the assessment will increase by 30% for each additional Eternal Realm participating.

As for the participating Eternal Realm players, the fewer the better.

"Time is running out! Brother, you and I hurry up and retreat! Try to get to Judgment God Realm as soon as possible!"

"Exactly!"

At the moment, the master of the Azure Dragon Region resigned and left in a hurry.

When the Azure Dragon Domain Lord left, Qin Feng let the four avatars guard the Blue Star Realm, and he disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he returned to Qin Yuan Universe.

At this moment, in Qin Yuan Universe, a certain cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng looked at the Eternal Halberd in front of him and the Tianbao Building, with a smile on his face.

These two are tools of the road!

As long as he refines these two treasures, he can awaken many avenues.

The only pity is that the innate avenue contained in the halberd of eternity - the eternal avenue, he has already mastered.

Refining the Halberd of Eternity can only make him awaken some acquired avenues!

On the contrary, he has not grasped the innate avenue contained in the Tianbao Building!

If he refines this treasure, he will be able to get an innate avenue again!

Today, for Qin Feng, it is more meaningful to acquire a congenital avenue than to acquire a hundred latter avenues!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and a mind body appeared out of thin air.

The next second, the mind body picked up the 'Eternal Halberd', walked directly to the secret room, sat cross-legged and started refining.

Seeing this, Qin Feng stopped wasting time and sat cross-legged, preparing to refine the Heavenly Treasure Tower in his hand.

The speed at which he personally refines the Dao Artifact is 50% faster than that of the Mind Body.

With the improvement of strength, Qin Feng's efficiency is getting faster and faster than the mind body.

In this way, Qin Feng raced against time to refine the Taoist weapon in his hand!

In fact, he wanted to go to Judgment God Realm earlier to complete the SS peak-level task, which was the "Book of Three Worlds" task.

According to the task prompt, if he completes the task within three years, he will get the task reward.

Complete that task within a year, and the reward can be doubled!

Complete that task within three months, and the reward will be doubled!

Now, Qin Feng calculates the time, there are still more than ten days, and it will be three months.

In order to get more rewards, he has to hurry up.

In this way, Qin Feng has started a new round of retreat!

At the same time as he retreated, Di Jiang, Jumang, Houtu and other confidants also obtained twenty Dao Crystals each and continued to open the retreat.

This time, Qin Feng harvested more than 700 Dao Crystals!