Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

There are only more than one hundred and ninety of them, which he can refine.

The remaining more than 500 Dao Crystals were allocated to two hundred or so confidants such as Di Jiang and Jumang.

There are still more than 300 Dao crystals allocated to Long Yuan's children to cultivate new star field masters.

These trivial assignments have been completed by his mind body.

In this way, Long Yuan is all in Qin Yuan Universe, and he has closed up.

At the same time, after the Azure Dragon Domain Master returned, he also hurriedly closed himself.

Just when Qin Feng and others were in retreat, something was happening in the distant prying realm.

At this moment, a group of people flew out from the center of God's Domain.

The leader was a fat man with a bald head, bare chest and belly, with a smiling face.

But at this moment, he couldn't smile.

The original smiling face was filled with pain and confusion.

This fat man is called Venerable Maitreya, and he is a quasi-half-step eternal powerhouse in the Divine Realm.

Behind Venerable Maitreya, a group of god-kings followed, including Cheng Huang and Di Xun.

At this moment, the group of people kept muttering and felt incredible.

"Lord Maitreya! Is what the master said true? Lord Yingyin and Lord Puyin, have both fallen?"

At this time, Cheng Huang couldn't help but stepped forward to ask.

Maitreya smiled bitterly: "Master said this, it must be true. Don't forget, Puyin, Receiver and Master have soul contracts. When they fall, the master can sense it!"

The master in Maitreya's mouth is the great sacrifice to heaven!

Cheng Huang couldn't accept it: "How could this happen? Aren't the two adults just going to deal with the thief Qin Feng! Why did they fall? Could it be the thief Qin Feng who did it?"

With this look on his face, Di Xun shook his head: "How is this possible? Does that little thief have that much strength?"

Up to now, these two guys still don't know Qin Feng's strength.

Maitreya took a deep breath: "Let me tell you the truth! The fall of Lord Puyin is what Qin Feng did. This is what Lord Xiecao witnessed with his own eyes!"

"What?! Really that little thief did it!"

Hearing this, Cheng Huang and the two were extremely surprised.

The kings of gods were also shocked!

Immediately, Cheng Huang asked anxiously, "What happened to the fall of Master Yingyin?"

"I don't know that!"

Miller shook his head and smiled.

It turned out that Qin Feng's attack contained the power of the Dao of Karma.

If he hadn't seen the person killed by him, he wouldn't have guessed that he killed him.

Therefore, as soon as Yingyin fell, Dajitian sensed it.

Even the fall of Kunzu, the great sacrifice to heaven has been calculated.

But the big sacrifice to the sky is not sure whether those are what Qin Feng did.

He couldn't believe that Qin Feng would have such strength.

It's just that as soon as Puyin and Jieyin die, the minions of the Great Sacrifice to Heaven will disappear.

And because he was bound by the contract, he could not leave the realm of spying for the time being.

In order to deal with Qin Feng, Da Jitian had to change his strategy.

At this time, Maitreya continued: "No matter how the receptionist falls, this matter is not good for the master. According to the master's calculation, Qin Feng will go to the judgment domain in the next step and participate in the inheritance assessment of the judgment domain master! We must not let him succeed. !"

Cheng Huang suddenly said: "So, the master asked us to go to the secret places! Inform those Eternal Realm players who can participate in the inheritance assessment of the news of Qin Feng's birth, so that they don't miss this assessment?"

Maitreya took a deep breath: "Yeah! Like the Judgment Domain Master Assessment, it is held every three hundred years. Many Eternal Realms are clearly qualified to participate, but they are not easy to participate."

"After all, they only have one chance to participate. If there is no absolute certainty, they will not participate easily! If you inform them of Qin Feng's threat, those Eternal Realm players will have to participate!"

Cheng Huang's eyes lit up: "Yes! This is a very good plan! In this way, the number of Eternal Realms participating in the inheritance assessment will increase dramatically, and the difficulty will continue to increase, and Qin Feng's children will inevitably have difficulty obtaining inheritance!"

Maitreya smiled proudly: "That's right! In fact, the master has already taken a multi-pronged approach! He not only arranged for us, but also informed those Eternal Realm players."

"He also sent a message to Luo Hu of the Heaven Slaughtering Divine Realm, informing him of Qin Feng's existence! It is estimated that Luo Hu will also take action against Qin Feng this time!"

Cheng Huang's eyes lit up: "That's great! If Luo Huo also takes action, Qin Feng's child will be dead!"

Di Xun also sneered: "That little thief really deserves to die! If he doesn't die, I won't be able to sleep and eat!"

Maitreya sighed: "Okay! Don't talk anymore, I'll act quickly!"

"Yes! Your lord!"

Immediately, the group hurriedly flew out of the realm of spying and began to act.

Qin Feng still doesn't know that this time, under the secret control of Da Tiantian, the difficulty of the trial inheritance assessment will be increased several times!

This will be a great challenge for him!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a day passed.

In the Qin Yuan Universe, it was equivalent to 60 days!

In the past 60 days, Qin Feng has achieved huge gains!

Not only did he refine the 'Jietian Treasure Building', but he also obtained the Innate Avenue - the Holy Avenue!

His mind body also refined the 'Brahma Heart Sword', allowing him to obtain another innate avenue - the Brahma Avenue.

So far, he has mastered 38 innate avenues!

As for the available Dao Crystals, he also refined them all.

At this time, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked his progress.

[Basic combat power]: 17.74 trillion stars

[Xiantian Avenue]: 38

[Total number of avenues]: 1797

After reading this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

The number of avenues has reached 1,797. As long as 3 more avenues are obtained, the jade plate of good fortune can be upgraded again.

At that time, his strength can skyrocket a lot!

Having said that, Qin Feng has awakened more than 200 avenues this time, and the jade plate of good fortune has been advanced once.

His combat power has skyrocketed by about 400 million, which can be said to have improved a lot!

"That's right! With my current strength, I don't know what are the odds that I will be able to obtain the inheritance of the Judgment Domain Master?"

When Qin Feng thought about it, he quickly pinched the seal and deduced it.

After a while, he deduced the secret, and his eyes were full of astonishment.

This time, his chance of success was only 10%!

In fact, after refining the 'Tianbao Building', he deduced it once, and the success rate reached 20%.

Later, he continued to retreat, refining those Dao crystals, and his strength increased by a lot.

Why has the strength improved, but the success rate has declined? !

"It seems that the big sacrifice to heaven is doing the trick!"

Qin Feng couldn't help sighing.

According to his calculations, if his combat power exceeds 25 trillion stars, the success rate can reach 50%!

25 trillion stars!

He is only 17.74 trillion stars now, the gap is very large!

What's even more worrying is that the resources he should refine now have already been refined.

If there are still unrefined resources, it is the halberd of eternity.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng saw the corner of the secret room.

One of his Mind Body is refining the Eternal Halberd with all his strength, and it has been refined to more than 90%, and it is the last line to be completely refined!

Apart from the Eternal Halberd, he seems to have no channel to improve his strength.

correct!

And that "Book of Three" quest!

Counting the time, he should be able to arrive at Judgment God Realm before the three-month deadline and win five times the quest reward!

That should improve some strength!

In addition, this time the assessment is also a bit different!

He cannot bring his subordinates to participate in the Star Master assessment!

As for the inheritance assessment of the Judgment Domain Master, he can bring all his subordinates to participate.

This is also this assessment, the favoritism towards the children of the Divine Realm!

Since he can bring his subordinates to participate, the sacrifices of Di Jiang, Jumang and other messengers, as well as the battle power sacrifice of the masters of the star fields, can be counted in his strength.

For example, if Di Jiang and others can sacrifice 2 trillion combat power, then his combat power can be calculated as 19.74 trillion, which is another big step closer to the goal of 25 trillion!

At this moment, Qin Feng's heart moved, as if he sensed something.

The next second, he took out a communication jade talisman from the storage ring.

After reading the news on the jade talisman, Qin Feng laughed.

It turned out that the Azure Dragon Domain Master had already left the customs and was heading towards the Blue Star Realm!

Presumably the Azure Dragon Domain Master also used the time force field to get out of the customs so quickly.

This is a good thing!

He is about to leave!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and disappeared into the secret room.

In the next second, he appeared over the Blue Star Realm.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master hasn't arrived yet, so he has to wait a little longer.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly waved his hand, and white light flashed in front of him.

Fourteen envoys including Dijiang, Jumang, Houtu, Xiaoluaner appeared out of thin air.

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and other more than 500 star field masters also appeared!

"Owner!"F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Boss!"

As soon as everyone appeared, they saw Qin Feng, and they came forward to meet with joy.

Qin Feng also looked at Di Jiang and others with a smile.

Thinking of this, a look of surprise appeared on his face.

I saw that Burning Lantern and Styx's combat power broke through 200 million stars!

Dijiang and Jumang also broke 1.7 billion stars.

The weakest, Hongyun and Qingchengzi, also had a combat power of 800 million stars.

The fourteen envoys alone can provide him with a combat power of around 2 trillion stars.

Look at Liu Xuan and other more than 5 star field masters, the weakest has reached 1.5 billion star power!

The strongest Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, Granny Yusang, all had a combat power of 7 billion stars.

The sacrificial power of the more than 500 star field masters has also broken 1 trillion stars!