Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, he can obtain a total of 3 trillion combat power sacrifices!

This has helped him so much!

"Dad, after you leave the customs, are you going to judge God's Domain?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er asked with concern.

This girl is particularly interested in the inheritance assessment.

That is related to the position of the lord of the universe in the Hongyuan universe!

If Dad can become the master of the Hongyuan universe, that is, the master of the two universes, she is naturally extremely happy!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I plan to go! However, the success rate of going to the assessment this time doesn't seem to be high!"

Xiao Luan'er was startled: "Dad, this assessment is so difficult?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "It is estimated that it was not so difficult at first, but the difficulty has increased several times because of the manipulation of the big sacrifice to the sky."

Xiao Luan'er said annoyed: "That big sacrifice has always been against Dad! It's really annoying!"

At this time, Yu Xuanji said with concern: "Master, what should you do to increase your chances of success?"

Qin Feng said with emotion: "Of course it is to improve my own strength! By the way, if you can improve your strength, it will be of great help to me!"

"That's it! Hey! Master, can't you refine the divine whip? If you refine the divine whip, you will have a lot of combat power back. At the same time, Liu Xuan and the others can also be promoted to the main divine realm and give you Sacrifice more combat power!"

Yu Xuanji quickly thought of a magic trick.

As soon as these words came out, everyone's eyes lit up, and they felt that this method was wonderful.

Not to mention anything else, just creating a Tao-level wonder of the Qin Yuan universe can give Qin Feng more than 1 trillion combat power, which is of great help to Qin Feng.

Let Liu Xuan and other more than 5 star field masters be promoted to the main **** realm, and can greatly increase the power of sacrifice!

Thinking of this, Liu Xuan and others all looked at Qin Feng, with a fiery look in their eyes.

They are also extremely eager to be promoted to the main **** realm!

Qin Feng smiled bitterly!

He also knew that refining the divine whip would be of great help to him!

"Hey! To make that whip, I still lack the two main ingredients, the lunar star essence and the sun star essence! Now, I still don't know where to find these two ingredients?"

Having said that, Qin Feng sighed helplessly.

And his voice just fell, and over the Blue Star Realm, there was the laughter of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

"Haha! Master Qin Feng, if you are looking for the lunar star and the sun star, Qing knows where to find it!"

As soon as these words fell, white light flashed in the field, and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord showed his sword out of thin air.

Chapter 1002 Slaughter the audience! Laurel root!

"Lord Qin Feng!"

As soon as the Azure Dragon Domain Lord appeared, he stepped forward to meet Qin Feng with a smile.

Qin Feng also asked happily: "Brother, you said just now, do you know where to find the lunar star essence and the sun star essence?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "I do know! In fact, where these two things are located is not a secret. In the past, it was extremely difficult for outsiders to obtain them. Now, it is extremely easy to obtain!"

Speaking of this, the tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Master was a little proud.

Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait to say: "Senior Qinglong, hurry up and say it! I'm so anxious!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "Okay! Good! I said! I said! In fact, the lunar star essence and the sun star essence are in the dark demon domain and the light **** domain."

"The main star of the Dark Demon Realm - the Dark Heaven Realm, produces the lunar star essence in it!"

"The main star of the Light God Realm - the Light Heaven Realm, produces the Sun Star Essence within it!"

"If it were changed to the past, the Light Domain Lord and the Dark Domain Lord were both alive, and it would not be easy to obtain those two materials! Now it is a matter of grasping at your fingertips."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Immediately, he said with a smile: "I really didn't expect that these two peak-level materials of good fortune are in the Dark Demon Domain and the Light God Domain! I planned to destroy these two star domains, so it just kills two birds with one stone!"

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Dad! Do you want to destroy the Dark Demon Realm and the Light Demon Realm?"

Qin Feng sneered: "That's natural! People don't offend me, I don't offend anyone! Bright God Realm and Dark Demon Realm, if they dare to collude with the big sacrifice to the sky, it's not good for me! How can this deity let them go!"

As soon as these words fell, Xiao Luan'er, Yu Xuanji and other confidants showed great joy!

Even the master of the Azure Dragon Region showed joy on his face!

He also felt that it would be a good thing for the Azure Dragon Star Region to destroy those two star regions!

In short, Qin Feng is not a kind person!

When dealing with enemies, he has never been soft-hearted!

When it's time to cut weeds and roots, naturally we must cut weeds and roots!

What's more, if you destroy the two star fields, you can still get the Sun Star Essence and the Lunar Star Essence, which is killing two birds with one stone!

At this time, Liu Xuan asked excitedly: "Boss, when are we going to capture the Dark Demon Realm and the Bright God Realm?"

At this point, Liu Xuan couldn't wait.

Not only him, but the more than 500 star field masters behind him can't wait.

When the boss gets those two materials, the boss can refine the whip, and they are expected to be promoted to the main **** realm.

At this time, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He also wants to refine the whip of God as soon as possible, which will greatly help his strength increase!

Besides, refining the divine whip is also one of the hard-core conditions that must be fulfilled for him to be promoted to the top lord of the universe.

Thinking of this, he said: "It's not too late! The sooner you destroy it, the better! Let's go now! Having said that, those two star fields are on my way to Judgment God Realm, so I won't delay business!"

As soon as the voice fell, everyone was overjoyed!

At this time, Feng Xi asked curiously again: "Master, this time, are you planning to drive the Blue Star Realm to go?"

"this"

With this reminder, Qin Feng's eyes could not help but fall on the Blue Star Realm below.

In the inheritance assessment of the Judgment Domain Master, the power of the planet cannot be used.

He steered the Blue Star Realm to go, but it was of no use.

As for moving the Blue Star Realm into the Qin Yuan Universe, he had already tried and couldn't move it.

He needs to become the master of the universe of Hongyuan universe, in order to move the planet freely between the two universes!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "The Blue Star Realm will stay in the Azure Dragon Star Region, and let the four clones guard it! At the same time, let the four clones also guard the Azure Dragon Star Region's nest!"

"I've all left. It's hard to guarantee that the Great Sacrificial Heaven will not do anything wrong. Send someone to attack the Blue Star Realm and the Azure Dragon Star Realm! With the four avatars guarding, I can rest assured!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master breathed a sigh of relief.

He is worried about it!

Now that there are four avatars guarding him, he can rest assured!

Regarding the strength of the four avatars, the Azure Dragon Domain Master is very clear.

Without the strength of the Five Absolutes, I am afraid that I will not be able to break through the Qinglong Star Region.

"It's not too late! It's time to go!"

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't say more, and with a wave of his hand, he took all the subordinates into Qin Yuan Universe.

Afterwards, he and the Azure Dragon Domain Master flew out of the Blue Star Realm.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Before leaving, Qin Feng looked back at the Blue Star Realm again, a little sighed.

Without the back-feeding of the planetary power of the Blue Star Realm, his strength would have dropped a lot, and if he encounters a powerhouse like Wujue again, it will not be as easy as killing Kunzu.

such a pity!

Judgment domain master assessment, can not use these external forces.

More importantly, if he drives the planet to the Judgment God Realm, his movement speed will be greatly reduced, and it will take at least a month before he can reach the Judgment God Realm.

In that case, he would miss out on the five-fold task reward of "Book of Three Worlds".

Time is still very precious to Qin Feng!

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't think about it anymore, and flew towards the Dark Demon Realm with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge suddenly roared, and his body also lit up with aura of avenues.

Heaven sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your mind body has successfully refined the 'Eternal Halberd', and you have become the master of the 'Eternal Halberd'! 】

[Reminder: You gained the insight of the Dao of Immortality from the 'Eternal Halberd', and began to awaken the Dao of the Aftermath - the Dao of Immortality]

[Reminder: You have gained the enlightenment of the Great Way of Cang from the ‘Eternal Halberd’, and you have begun to awaken the Great Way of Heaven—the Great Way of Cang.]

[Reminder: You gained the insight of the Dao of Eternity from the 'Eternal Halberd', and began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow - the Dao of Eternity]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The Eternal Halberd has finally been refined!

At this moment, the spiritual light on his body continued, and his momentum began to increase...

After a while, he awakened 15 acquired avenues!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Soon, the jade plate of good fortune was also activated.

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records the 'Road to Decay' you perceive, and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: The Fortune Jade Disc automatically records your perception of the 'Avenue of Cang', and you have received a permanent feedback of 100 million star combat power! 】

[Reminder: It is detected that the number of avenues recorded by your ‘Good Fortune Jade Disc’ has reached 1812, which has met the advanced requirements, and the advanced level will be automatically activated]

【Advanced success! Your Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted from rank 19 to rank 20! 】

[Congratulations for getting the assistance of the 20th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your refining efficiency for Daojing has increased to 2%]

[Congratulations on getting the assistance of the 20th-order Fortune Jade Plate, your comprehension efficiency on the Dao Scroll is increased by 2%]

[Congratulations on getting the blessing of the 20th-order Fortune Jade Plate, you have once again obtained the power of the Taoist tool, and permanently increased the combat power of 1.6 billion stars! 】

[Reminder: After your Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to rank 20, it will automatically awaken the Taoist skills! Activate the Fortune Jade Plate to increase both attack and defense by 10%! 】

[Reminder: After the Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to rank 20, every 3 additional avenues can be increased to one rank! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, Qin Feng's momentum began to soar wildly!

He couldn't help but stop, closed his eyes, and felt the advancement of the jade plate.

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was also alarmed, and quickly turned to look at Qin Feng

what! This momentum

No way!

Lord Qin Feng's strength has increased again?

Feeling the improvement of Qin Feng's momentum, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master showed a look of envy.

After a long time, the Jade Plate Advancement is over!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

In such a short time, his combat power has soared to 17.92 trillion stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

What's even better is that after the Fortune Jade Plate is promoted to rank 20, the increase in attack and defense has increased from 50% to 100%!

This is of great help to Qin Feng!

correct!