Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The increase in the growth rate of the Jade Plate has increased, so he needs to improve the target of combat power, should it be less?

With this in mind, Qin Feng started the seal formula and deduced it again.

After a while, he finished the deduction, and a happy expression appeared on his face.

According to this deduction, he only needs to increase his combat power to 23 trillion stars, and there is a 50% chance of winning the inheritance.

This is 200 million less than the previously derived target of 25 trillion.

really!

The advancement of the Fortune Jade Plate brings great benefits.

However, after the Fortune Jade Plate has been promoted to rank 20, it will be even more difficult to upgrade later.

It needs to comprehend 3 avenues in order to be promoted to the first order!

In this regard, Qin Feng is already very satisfied!

If he counts the sacrifice power of his subordinates, he only needs to increase his combat power by another 1.1 trillion to increase the probability of inheritance to about 50%.

Increase 1.1 trillion combat power!

This is much less difficult than before!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to see hope.

All in all, everything is going in the right direction!

"Lord Qin Feng, your strength has improved again?"

At this time, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord sounded beside him.

Qin Feng looked up and saw the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looking at him curiously.

He couldn't help but smile: "That's it!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord immediately envied: "Master Qin Feng, if Qing is not wrong, you have at least increased your combat power by more than 100 billion just now! It's really enviable!"

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Then, he glanced at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord again.

"Brother, this time you retreated, and your strength has improved a lot. Now you have reached the peak of half-step eternal!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord also smiled: "This is also thanks to the Taiqing Daojing that the adults gave last time! If it weren't for those Daojings, I would not be able to break through!"

It turned out that the strength of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was only infinitely close to the half-step peak.

He refined the Dao Jing rewarded by Qin Feng, and his strength broke through the threshold in one fell swoop, reaching the peak of half a step.

This also makes the Azure Dragon Domain Master look forward to the future inheritance assessment!

After that, the two stopped talking and continued to rush towards the Dark Demon Realm.

The vast starry sky!

Boundless!

However, the Dark Demon Domain is very close to the Azure Dragon Star Domain!

For half a step of eternal power, it is at most a day's journey

Qin Feng and the two were faster, and it took only half a day to reach the vicinity of the Dark Demon Realm.

At this moment, at the border of the Dark Demon Realm's lair

Qin Fengyao looked at the huge galaxy in front of him and was filled with emotion.

This Dark Demon Territory's nest is very huge, comparable to two or three times the size of the Azure Dragon Star Territory's nest!

There are more than 7,000 planets, big and small!

This is the scale of the medium star field, which is naturally much larger than the Qinglong star field.

"Lord Qin Feng, have you seen the black planet in the center of the star field? That's the main star of the Dark Demon Realm - the Dark Sky Realm, on which is the Lunar Star Spirit you want!"

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord pointed to the center of the Dark Demon Domain.

Qin Feng followed the sound and saw an incomparably huge black planet.

The size of the black planet was visually estimated to be twice as large as the main star of the Azure Dragon Star Region, the Azure Dragon Realm.

But compared with Qin Feng's Blue Star Realm, even less than 1% of the Blue Star Realm!

Qin Feng's Blue Star Realm is a Hongmeng-level planet, and not all planets can compare with it.

"Look at the size of this dark demon domain! There should be a lot of resources, right?"

Qin Feng mentioned it casually.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "This is natural! After all, it belongs to the medium star domain, and the resources are naturally extremely rich! Sir, you have destroyed the Dark Demon Domain this time, so you might as well scavenge for its resources!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Let's kill it first!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng flew towards the dark world!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord followed

At the same moment, in the Dark Heaven Realm, over the Domain Lord Temple.

An old man in black robe with a yellow beard, looking anxiously at the distant starry sky

This old man's name is Mass. He is a quasi-half-step eternal boss and the second strongest in the Dark Demon Realm.

Since the Dark Domain Lord left, he has been in charge of the Dark Demon Domain.

And behind him, there are hundreds of **** kings standing.

These are the high-levels of the Dark Demon Realm!

"It's been nearly three days! Why hasn't the domain owner returned?"

At this moment, Mass couldn't help muttering in a low voice, and the anxiety on his face became even stronger.

It turned out that he was worried about the Dark Domain Lord.

At this moment, a man's voice sounded behind the mass.

"Second uncle! Don't worry! My father will be back soon! They are all super strong this time. How can a small Azure Dragon Starfield be able to resist?"

The one who spoke was a man in black with an arrogant expression, and it was the son of the Dark Domain Lord—Salem!

As soon as Salem's voice fell, many **** kings followed suit.

"Lord Mass! The young domain lord is right! Our domain lord will be fine!"

"Yeah! The Azure Dragon Star Region is just a small star region! Even if the Azure Dragon Region Master is assisted by the power of heaven and earth, he will barely reach the half-step Great Perfection. But this time, the Great Perfection powerhouse who went with the Region Master, There are quite a few!"

"No doubt! The Azure Dragon Domain Master will surely die this time!"

"Yeah! That guy dares to defend that Qin Feng thief, and I don't know what his mind is thinking?"

At this moment, the gods and kings all agreed with Salem.

They are full of confidence in the trip of the Dark Domain Lord.

After all, the strength of the Dark Domain Lord 1 2.2 pedestrian is really too powerful.

From beginning to end, they felt that the Dark Domain Lord and his party would not lose.

At this time, they didn't know that in addition to the four Lashen, Kunzu, one of the five musts, also went.

If they knew that Kunzu had also gone, they would be more confident.

But the fact is that the Lord of Darkness has fallen!

At this time, Mass took a deep breath and said, "You are right! In theory, the domain owner and his party will win! It stands to reason that the domain owner and others should also return, why haven't they returned? This is inevitable. Worry!"

Saleng said indifferently: "Second uncle, don't you think that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord can resist the siege of the four Lashen? That guy is not that powerful!"

Mass nodded slightly: "The old man also thinks that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is not that strong! But the target of the Domain Lord and others to deal with this time is a person named Qin Feng. What is Qin Feng's details, I will not know!"

"Right now, the domain owner and his party have not returned at the appointed time, which is inevitably worrying!"

Sarah said with a sneer: "Second uncle, did you forget to take the introduction of the adults? He said that Qin Feng is just a master god! You say how strong a small master **** can be?"

Salem is a powerful God King Great Perfection!

He naturally despises a Lord God!

Then, he said again: "Second uncle! If I want to see, that Qin Feng is not worth mentioning at all, and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is a trouble! However, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is also dead this time!"

"It is estimated that it will not be long before my father and the others will come back with the head of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!"

huh~! huh~!

After these words fell, white light flashed above everyone's heads, and two figures appeared out of thin air!

Saleng and the others were startled and looked up.

Boom~!

Seeing this, everyone was dumbfounded!

I saw that among the people who came, one of them was the Azure Dragon Domain Lord they were discussing!

Chapter 1003 Cut the weeds and eradicate the roots! Yao Road!

At this moment, Saleng and the others looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Master in astonishment!

"Yes... it's you!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Blue Dragon Domain Lord!"

Saleng and the others never thought that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord would suddenly appear.

The next second, they subconsciously retreated!

But then, they saw the planetary barrier in front of them again, and their originally panicked hearts calmed down again.

The planetary barrier of this dark world has extremely strong defense, and has reached the half-step eternal peak level.

They suddenly thought that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was only half a step into eternity, and he was not able to break through the planetary barrier in front of him.

Since they can't break through, what are they afraid of?

Thinking of this, Salem and the others looked at each other and did not retreat.

After all, there is a layer of planetary barrier between them and the Azure Dragon Domain Master, which is where their confidence lies.

At this time, Mass took a deep breath and looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Master with a solemn face.

"Lord Qinglong, why are you here?"

The Mass questioned carefully.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sneered: "Why did the deity come here, can't you guess?"

Mass frowned: "How do you know this old man? Azure Dragon Domain Master, just say something straight! Don't go around in circles!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sneered: "Disperse! Your Domain Domain Lord colluded with others to attack my Azure Dragon Star Region! The deity is naturally here to take revenge!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's expressions changed slightly.

Immediately, Mass hurriedly asked: "It seems that you have encountered my domain owner! By the way, what about my domain owner?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sneered lightly: "Of course he is dead!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

But the next second, Saleng roared angrily: "Qinglong! What nonsense are you talking about! This time, my father went with Ra, Shiva, Brahma, and Vishnu. How could he die? It could only be you who died. die!"

"Right! You managed to escape to this place alive! You must have found something wrong in advance, so you abandoned your nest and fled. My father and the others haven't returned, they must be looking for you everywhere!"

"Right now, you're taking advantage of the emptiness of my Dark Demon Domain, and you just want to take revenge by sneak attack, right?"

As soon as these self-righteous words came out, the eyes of all the children of the dark star field lit up, and they felt that it was very reasonable.

At the moment, several **** kings joined in!

"Young domain master, your analysis is too right! You said so, we finally know why the domain owner has not returned! It turns out that they are looking for this guy!"

"Yeah! I'll just say it! With the strength of the domain master and his party, they shouldn't have returned so late! After a long time, this guy escaped!"