Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Qinglong domain master, don't think that my family domain owner is not here, you can take revenge on me and wait! Just this layer of planet enchantment is not something you can break through with half a step of eternity!"

At this moment, all the gods and kings ridiculed the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, as if they had decided that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord would have nothing to do with them.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord is also speechless!

He told the truth, these guys still don't believe it, they are really self-righteous!

At this time, Mass also sneered: "Lord Qinglong, this old man advises you! Since you are lucky enough to escape, then run away!!"

"Salem also said before, with my planetary barrier in the dark world, can you break it? If you can't break it, what's the point of your stay? If you wait for my domain masters to come back, you won't even have a chance to escape. Come on! If you know each other, get out of here!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was furious!

These guys really didn't take him seriously!

No matter what he said, that is also the master of a star field, how can it be compared to Mass and others?

Don't you really think that you can't break it by relying on the protection of the planet's enchantment?

"Humph! Wait, Xiao Xiao! Do you really think this deity can't do anything about you?"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the aura of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly erupted, and with a hard punch, he blasted towards the planetary barrier in front of him!

Mass and others are all disdainful!

They all know that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord is only half a step into eternity, and it is futile to break through the barrier in front of him!

So, they are not worried at all!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that punch was approaching the barrier, and the monstrous weather rolled down!

But across the planetary barrier, Mass and others could not sense how strong the momentum of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was!

They also thought that the Azure Dragon Domain Master was only half a step into eternity.

Saleng sneered even more, with a look of schadenfreude!

He wanted to see the embarrassing appearance of the Azure Dragon Domain Master who couldn't break through the barrier, and he even thought about sarcasm!

Boom~~!

At this moment, the fist of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord slammed into the planet's enchantment!

Bang~~!

A loud bang!

The entire dark world is shaking violently!

In the next second, the incomparably strong planetary barrier was severely distorted and deformed in full view of the public...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, with that punch as the center, one after another fine cracks emerged...

Saleng and the others were suddenly dumbfounded, their eyes staring at the boss!

Even the Masses have their mouths open!

Oh my god~!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smashed the barrier with a punch!

Could it be that he has broken through to the half-step eternal peak?

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, the Azure Dragon Domain Master withdrew his fist.

The originally cracked barrier was automatically repaired at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the dim mask was restored to its original state.

Mass and the others only breathed a sigh of relief!

The Azure Dragon Domain Master is still one line away from breaking through the barrier!

However, they no longer dared to underestimate the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, and looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord in horror, and did not dare to speak.

With the current strength of the Azure Dragon Domain Master, as long as he continues to attack for a while, he can still break through the barrier.

In other words, this Azure Dragon Domain Master must have broken through to a half-step peak!

Thinking of this, Mass and the others became even more uneasy!

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord raised his fist again, about to attack the second punch...

Mass and the others suddenly became nervous, staring at the fist one by one.

"Let me come!"

But at this moment, behind the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, a faint voice sounded.

Qin Feng finally spoke!

As soon as these words came out, Mass and others couldn't help but look at Qin Feng and frowned.

what!

This ant, who is in the realm of the gods, actually said to let him come!

What's the meaning?

It's a bit loud!

Without waiting for Mass and others to think about it, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord put down his fists and hurriedly saluted Qin Feng respectfully.

"Master Qin Feng! Qing is ashamed! I still have to let you do it!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, Mass and the others were dumbfounded again!

They thought they were wrong!

The dignified Azure Dragon Domain Lord, who is already a half-step peak power, actually calls a Lord God Ant 'Sir'!

What the **** is going on here?

correct!

Qin Feng!

Just now, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord called this young man 'Qin Feng'!

Isn't that what their domain master and his party want to deal with!

Mass and others suddenly thought of these...

But at this moment, Qin Feng has already shot.

huh~!

I saw a flick of his finger, and a bright white light shot out from his fingertips and bombarded the barrier mask...

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask was like thin ice, shattered by a single blow, and completely collapsed!

Dispersion and others were shocked again!

Before they could react, Qin Feng waved his hand again, and hundreds of light arrows shot towards them...

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, a series of explosions!

Blood splashed again and again!

The shrill screams were heard one after another in the field!

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng slaughtered everyone in the audience, even the Mass!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was dumbfounded, and his heart was extremely shocked!

This is so strong!

I'm afraid that Yuan Feng, who ranks first among the five masters, can't do it so neatly!

The next second, the blood mist gradually dispersed!

The true spirit fragments of the Mass condensed one after another Taiqing Dao crystal, and 17 crystals were condensed in a blink of an eye, and there was another harvest!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and waved away Daojing.

He took a short inventory and found that there are 6 great roads that can be refined!

Immediately, he happily put away Daojing and sent it to Qin Yuan Universe to let the mind body refine it.

After doing this, Qin Feng picked up another seal and activated the secret technique...

Countless devouring powers instantly enveloped the audience...

[Luck swallowed successfully! You devoured all the luck of the Mass, your body's luck value +11,000 times...]

Another nice gain!

So far, Qin Feng's luck value has reached 1.19 million times!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

At present, with his strength, he can only devour more than half a step of eternity's luck, and the luck of the gods such as Saleng can no longer be swallowed, and they have dissipated in the heavens and the earth, and have been recovered by the heaven.

It was at this moment that the Azure Dragon Domain Master was relieved.

He hurriedly stepped forward and said, "Sir, the lunar star essence you want is in the forbidden area of ​​the Dark Sky Realm. Their forbidden area is in the west direction!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord pointed in a certain direction.

He has done a good job in the intelligence investigation of the Dark Sky Realm.

Qin Feng nodded with satisfaction: "Very good! By the way, you can activate the star field teleportation array on this main star and transfer all your subordinates! There are a lot of resources in this dark demon field, you can search as much as you like!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was shocked!

Immediately, he was ecstatic: "Thank you, my lord! I'll activate the teleportation array now!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord flew to the direction of the teleportation array!

Star field teleportation array, only the main star realm of each star field will be opened.

This is the order of heaven!

Non-star domains are not eligible to create!

Those who are qualified to create can only create one!

Qin Feng's Longyuan Sanctuary can naturally also be created, but he has not collected all the materials and has not built it for the time being.

After the Qinglong domain master left, Qin Feng waved again, and white light flashed around him immediately!

The 100,000 Longyuan disciples appeared out of thin air, densely gathered in the air!

Di Jiang, Jumang, Xiao Luan'er and others are right in front of the crowd!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As soon as they appeared, they looked around and found that they had reached the Dark Demon Realm, and they were all overjoyed!

Xiao Luan'er even flew up and asked: "Dad! Has this been killed in the Dark Demon Realm?"

Qin Feng smiled: "That's right! The power above the **** king of the dark demon domain has basically been eliminated! Go and search for resources!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan was overjoyed!

In the next second, everyone is like a tide, killing all the planets in the Dark Demon Realm...

Of course, what they have to do is not only to plunder resources, but also to kill the children of the Dark Demon Realm!

This dark demon domain is against Qin Feng, how can Long Yuan let go?

And with the current strength of Long Yuan's children, the weakest has reached the realm of the main god.

Ran Deng, Ming He, Di Jiang, Jumang, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi and others even surpassed the Great Perfection of the God King.

Under their leadership, sweeping through the Dark Demon Realm is a breeze!