Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He did not expect that the perfect reward of this 'Longyuan Sanctuary' would be so generous.

Although it did not exceed the reward when the Sanctuary was promoted, it has far exceeded Qin Feng's expectations.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the starry sky shook!

A purple-gold beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng.

In the next second, his combat power, momentum, and prestige all skyrocketed, and all kinds of avenues of aura were also lit up on his body!

"Hey! This is"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was on his way

Suddenly, Qin Feng stopped.

When he looked back, he saw a beam of reward light falling from the sky, and Qin Feng's momentum began to skyrocket wildly.

The majesty of the reward made his heart extremely shocked!

After a long time, all rewards are over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

With just this reward, his reputation has reached 7.04 million points, his luck has reached 1.13 million times, and his mastery has reached 1,845!

His combat power has soared to 19.19 trillion stars!

Finally broke the 19 trillion combat power, and it is a big step closer to the 20 trillion combat power goal!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord came to his senses and hurriedly stepped forward to ask.

"Lord Qin Feng, is the reward you just received a blessing from heaven after the perfection of the 'Sanctuary'?"

The tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was a little unsure.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "That's right! My clone has just created the 'Star Field Teleportation Array'!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was extremely shocked!

If he didn't feel wrong before, Lord Qin Feng's combat power reward has reached 200 million stars!

What level of reward is this?

Back then, after he built the Star Field Teleportation Array, he only received a 5 billion star combat power reward!

After all, the Qinglong Starfield is a small starfield, and the reward for obtaining blessings is the lowest.

It turns out that this kind of blessing reward is based on the level of the star domain and the sanctuary!

The domain owner reward of the small star domain is 100 million combat power!

The medium-sized star field is 200 million combat power!

The large star field is 500 million combat power.

The super star field is 100 million combat power!

But Lord Qin Feng won 200 million combat power rewards, what level is the Longyuan Sanctuary?

Is it one level higher than Super Star Territory? !

If this is the case, then Master Qin Feng's inheritance assessment this time has already taken an advantage!

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng with envy in his eyes!

It turned out that in the inheritance assessment of the trial domain lord, the higher the domain lord of the same rank, the higher the qualification points obtained.

In other words, the domain owner born in the super star domain is more qualified to obtain inheritance, and the initial qualification score given is also high.

The inheritance assessment is based on the ranking of points!

Those who rank first in total points and reach a certain point standard can pass the inheritance assessment.

"Lord Qin Feng, your domain master is of a high level! That will be of great benefit to the next inheritance assessment!"

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but sigh.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, just about to speak, when the announcement of Heavenly Dao came again from the sea of ​​​​knowledge

[Longyuan Announcement: Longyuan Sanctuary and Zixiao Palace are successfully linked! 】

[Children of the Lord of the God Realm of Longyuan have the permission to enter the Zixiao Palace, and can take the exam and be promoted to the God King Realm! 】

[Reminder: Zixiao Palace's aspiring advanced assessment is opened every 3 years, and there are still 173 years before the next assessment begins! 】

Hearing this prompt, Long Yuan was both surprised and delighted!

Qin Feng was also greatly surprised!

Immediately, he looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

"Brother, the God King's ascension assessment is also carried out in Zixiao Palace?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded: "That's right! The Zixiao Palace is not only the inheritance place of the Judgment Domain Lord, but also the advanced place of the God King. However, the advanced assessment of the God King will take more than 100 years to open!"

Speaking of this, he suddenly thought of something, and looked at Qin Feng with surprise.

"By the way! Master Qin Feng, I almost forgot, you are still in the realm of the gods! If you enter the Zixiao Palace earlier, you can take part in the examination of aspirations and be promoted to the realm of gods, which will greatly benefit your inheritance. Beneficial!"

Qin Feng is also very interested: "Brother, as long as I enter the Zixiao Palace, I can participate in the God King assessment?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "That's right! As long as you go in, you are eligible to participate in the Ascension Assessment. For other main gods, you need to wait for the Ascension Assessment to start before you can pass the Star Domain Teleportation Array and enter the Zixiao Palace!"

"You are different! You are the master of the sanctuary, and you don't need to wait for the Ascension assessment to start. This time the inheritance assessment is opened, and you can enter the Zixiao Palace and complete the God King assessment first."

After hearing this, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

If so, it would be so beneficial to him!

When he is promoted to God King, his strength will inevitably skyrocket, and the chance of winning the inheritance will be even greater.

Not only that, as the Supreme Being of Judgment Hongmeng, he can bring his subordinates into the place of assessment.

In other words, he can bring Di Jiang and others in, and let Di Jiang and others also complete the God King assessment.

If Di Jiang and others are also promoted to God King, then he will have more sacrificial combat power, and it will be easier for him to reach 23 trillion in combat power.

Having said that, he had a 50% chance of getting the inheritance when his deduction combat power reached 23 trillion.

If the combat power reaches 25 trillion stars, the chance of getting inheritance can reach 60%!

If he and Di Jiang and others are promoted to the realm of God King, then there is hope that the combat power will exceed 25 trillion!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was excited!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng and Qinglong Domain Master's sea of ​​knowledge sounded the announcement of Heavenly Dao at the same time.

[Domain Lord Announcement: This year's Zixiao inheritance will start immediately, please go to the Judgment God Domain! 】

[Seven days later, the entrance to Zixiao Palace will appear outside the Judgment God Realm. The entrance is only open for three days, and those who fail to arrive in time will lose their qualifications for this assessment! 】

It turns out that the inheritance of the trial domain master is also called the inheritance of Zixiao!

The inheritance is about to open, and Tiandao notified all the masters of the star field and the master of the sanctuary, as well as various players with qualifications for assessment.

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng and the master of Qinglongyu looked at each other face to face!

"Sir, the assessment is about to begin! From this moment on, all the domain masters will rush to the Judgment God's Domain!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two rushed to the Judgment God Realm.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, seven days passed.

In the past seven days, the masters of the three thousand star regions, the masters of various sacred regions, and even some ancient secret region masters have rushed to judge the divine region.

In addition, those who have broken through the eternal realm and have not exceeded a thousand years, even if they are not domain owners, are eligible to participate in the assessment!

These superpowers have also begun to be dispatched.

During these seven days, Qin Feng and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord passed through countless star domains and rushed to the vicinity of the Judgment God Domain.

At this moment, outside the boundary of the old nest of the Judgment God's Domain, there is an incomparably huge platform, hundreds of millions of miles in length and width, that is quietly suspended in the starry sky.

That giant platform is the initial gathering place for the players!

Look carefully at the center of the platform, there is a huge teleportation array, that is the teleportation array that connects all the star fields!

Every time the God King assessment is opened, the teleportation array in the center of the platform will automatically activate.

Then, the main **** realm players of each star field can come to this platform to gather through the star field teleportation array.

After the time is up, the platform will automatically open, leading to the entrance light gate of Zixiao Palace!

The inheritance assessment of the trial domain masters is different, which requires the domain owners to rush to this platform to converge.

In fact, this platform is called Star Plaza!

The starry sky square is shrouded in a transparent light cover....

The defense level of the mask is extremely large, and even the Eternal Realm may not be able to break through, let alone the Main God Realm.

Those who have the qualifications for inheritance assessment can easily pass through the mask and enter the Starry Sky Plaza!

This is the reason why Tiandao does not open the teleportation array and let the players come to meet by themselves, so as to prevent some main gods from mixing in.

Having said that, it is precisely because of the special location of the Judgment God Realm that the starry sky square leading to the Zixiao Palace will appear near the Judgment God Realm.

At this time, around the starry sky square, thousands of cultivators gathered, ranging from the main **** realm to the **** king realm!

These are all admiring onlookers!

They are not qualified to enter the Starry Sky Plaza!

Every time the inheritance assessment starts, there will be cultivators from all major star regions to watch this grand event!

There were many onlookers, who came with their own domain masters.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

There were also many onlookers, who came to watch out of curiosity.

After all, this is related to the inheritance of the Lord of the Universe, and every cultivator is very concerned about it.

In short, the scene around the Star Plaza is very lively.

Looking at the starry sky square, there were only about twenty people in total at this time, all of them were half-step Eternal Realm, and their expressions were extremely arrogant.

These people are the masters of a star field, with respected status and strong strength!

After they arrived at the square, they sat on the ground one by one, waiting for the entrance of Zixiao Palace to open.

At this time, there was a lot of discussion among the onlookers.

Many people are discussing, will this inheritance assessment give birth to a successor?

After so many years, the Hongyuan universe has always been in a state of no owner, and the practitioners are also uneasy.

At this time, in a corner of the crowd.

The two lonely figures have been looking left and right.

If Qin Feng was here, he would definitely recognize these two people.

That is Qingdi and Raphael!

At this moment, both of their faces were a little anxious.

"Master Qingdi, do you think Qin Feng will come this time?"

Raphael is worried about gains and losses.

He was originally a disciple of Judgment God Realm, and since the last time he completed the mission, he has returned to Judgment God Realm.

Emperor Qing took a deep breath: "It should be! It's just about his traces, Tianzun can't figure it out. He should be covered by Karma Dao, and Tianzun can't figure out his information."

Raphael sighed: "Hey! This karma is covering up, I don't know if it's good or bad. I just hope that he can arrive in time, don't miss this inheritance assessment! According to Tianzun's calculations, this assessment may be It's the last time!"

Emperor Qing nodded: "Yeah! The inheritance of Zixiao, who will fall, this time the result will come out. We have only one last chance to judge a family. Qin Feng is our family's last hope!"

Raphael nodded slightly: "I hope he won't let us down!"

But just as the words fell, there was a murmur from the side.