Playvolume00:00/01:37
Truvid
fullScreen

It seems that humans from the Middle Thousand World are stronger.

At this moment, the red-haired man's lips moved slightly, and he actually spit out human words.

"I really didn't expect that you, a human from a small world, could become an emperor-level existence among the novice in such a short period of time."

The man sighed.

Qin Feng's heart moved, "Little Thousand World? How do you say this?"

The man smiled coldly: "You don't have to ask! You don't have the qualifications to know yet. All you need to know is that humans in Xiaoqian World are not as good as those in Middle Thousand World."

"However, you are very special! You can become an emperor-level existence in such a short period of time. Even human beings in the Middle Thousand Worlds cannot do this."

"To be honest, the deity is also very curious. What did you do? Why did the deity double the combat power when he arrived at Longyuan Village, becoming an emperor-level existence."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

Immediately, he wanted to understand something, and he was a little dumbfounded.

Obviously, the difficulty of his map opening task has doubled.

Therefore, as soon as the man in front of him arrived at Longyuan Village, his combat power doubled and he became an emperor-level existence.

"So, you are the Demon King of Hell?" Qin Feng asked.

The red-haired man smiled evilly: "You are a dying person! You don't need to know that much!"

Qin Feng frowned: "arrogant!"

"Haha! Then let me see! You, a level 16 novice emperor, have some real abilities!"

The red-haired man thought that Qin Feng could become a novice emperor because of luck.

He didn't believe that a 16th-level human from Xiaoqianjie had the ability to become a novice emperor.

Thinking that he came from the Middle Thousand World, he was already level 18, and he was still at the king level.

Because of the peculiarity of this Longyuan Village, his strength was forcibly upgraded to the emperor level by Tiandao.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He didn't know that Qin Feng was promoted to the novice emperor when he was level 11.

Now, it is not far from the novice emperor.

But as soon as the man's voice fell, he waved his hand proudly.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the lava pool in front of him surged violently, and there was a rumbling roar from the bottom of the pool.

Boom~!

After a while, a dragon-like monster rushed out of the lava pool, bringing up the magma flying in the sky.

Qin Feng looked at it quickly, and saw that the monster was ten feet long, with a single horn on its head, wrapped in flames, and its body was like colored glaze, with an astonishing aura.

[Spirit]: Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 18

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 37 stars

[Characteristics]: Berserk, bloodthirsty, territory guardian.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 18%

[Status]: Controlled

It turned out to be a level 18 mutant spirit.

"kill him!"

The man pointed to Qin Feng.

Ow~!

Huo Jiao roars in the sky!

The next second, it rushed towards Qin Feng without hesitation.

Qin Feng sneered.

This red-haired man still really looks down on him!

He actually sent a level 18 mutant beast to test his strength.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the blink of an eye, Huo Jiao rushed in front of Qin Feng, his mouth was open, and he was about to spew out fire.

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed with a knife!

Knife light flashed!

Slash the head of the Fire Dragon!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Jiao's head burst!

The rest of the body was shattered inch by inch!

[Successfully killed the 18-level Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level), and obtained +4100 energy points. 】

[Killing the 18-level glazed fire dragon (mutation level) successfully, the fire glaze burst out. 】

[The first kill of the 18-level Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level) was successful, and gained +3 reputation. 】

what!

Items exploded!

What is the fire glaze?

By the way, there is also the first killing of the mutant beast, and I got 3 reputation points.

[Reminder: Your combat power has broken through 100 stars, and your reputation has reached 98 points. When your reputation reaches 100 points, you can get the title of the novice emperor. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He is just one line away from a more advanced title.

The red-haired man was a little surprised when he saw Qin Feng kill Huo Jiao in seconds.

He didn't seem to expect that Qin Feng could kill Huo Jiao so easily.

"Not bad! Then try these!"

The man waved his hand again and summoned again.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, in the pool, the magma rolled violently.

One after another, glazed fire dragons rushed out of the fire pool and flew into the air.

In the blink of an eye, more than ninety fire dragons rushed out.

The next second, under the command of the man, these fire dragons rushed towards Qin Feng one after another.

More than ninety 18-level mutant monsters, this joint attack, the momentum is earth-shattering, comparable to the army of thousands of monsters.

"Just in time!"

Qin Feng laughed and stepped forward.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The knife is soaring!

The incomparable power of darkness radiated from that sword aura!

The Divine Power of the Dark Night Sword is on display!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Wherever the knife light passed, all the fire dragons were instantly killed and turned into countless broken crystals.

Every time the knife goes down, seven or eight are killed!

[Successfully killed the 18-level Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level), and obtained +4100 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 18-level Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level), and obtained +4100 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 18-level Glazed Fire Flood Dragon (mutation level), and obtained +4100 energy points. 】

[Killing the 18-level colored glaze fire dragon (mutation level) successfully, burst out fire 847 colored glaze. 】

...

In less than a minute, Qin Feng slaughtered the army of fire dragons and gained about 400,000 energy points.

More than a dozen pieces of fire glaze burst out!

The red-haired man was dumbfounded! .

Only at this moment did he realize that he underestimated the humans of Xiaoqian World.

"Damn!"

With a roar, he stepped forward and walked towards the lava pool.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the magma in the pool rolled, and countless fiery red magma rushed towards his body.

In just a moment, he was wrapped in magma and turned into a magma giant with a height of 10 feet. His body was like a fluid, and his momentum continued to soar.

[Reminder: The target has been demonized! The Demon King of Hell appears! 】

Qin Feng was startled and looked around quickly.

[Monster]: Inferno Demon King (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 19

[Combat evaluation]: 97 stars

[Characteristics]: Domain, Immortal

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

Fuck it~!

After the man was demonized, he turned into a level 19 emperor-level monster.

The combat power has skyrocketed to 97 stars!

At this moment, the Hell Demon King stretched out his hand.

Boom~Long~Long!

The bottom of the pool is surging!

The magma separates automatically!

A red spear with a length of ten feet rose slowly from the bottom of the pool, exuding a monstrous aura.

It was actually a Tier 4 fire spear!

The Inferno Lord grabbed the spear.

People and guns unite!

The momentum is soaring!

His combat power instantly reached 100 stars.