Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! This fellow Daoist! Look at the Judgment God Realm on the other side, why is it so dead? I've been observing for a long time, and I haven't seen how many creatures exist in the Judgment God Realm!"

"Uh! Fellow Daoist, haven't you heard of the ancient battle?"

"Ancient War? Never heard of it!"

"Let's talk to you! That Zixiao inheritance is to judge the Lord of God's Domain. After going through the ancient war, the Lord of Judgment Domain fell, and the inheritance fell. After that battle, the children of Judgment God's Domain withered, and they haven't appeared for hundreds of thousands of years. Talented!"

"Uh! Hundreds of thousands of years! I wasn't even born at that time! However, according to what you said, Judgment God's Domain is quite miserable!"

"Naturally miserable! It can be said that all the Star Territories are suppressing the Judgment God Territory. Even if they have a talent, they will be suppressed by all the Star Territories. For so many years, no one of the children of the Judgment Territory has come to participate in the inheritance assessment! "

"That's it! I don't know if there will be any children participating in the assessment this time in the trial of God's Domain?"

"Haha! The Judgment God's Domain has long since been withered, and it is estimated that no one will participate this time! In fact, if the Judgment God's Domain was not supported by Tianzun alone, it would have been destroyed long ago!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed!

In the crowd, Qingdi and Raphi heard those words and their expressions were very ugly.

But what those people say is all the truth!

"Hey! Lord Qingdi, look over there! It seems that Qin Feng is here!"

At this moment, Raphael's eyes were sharp and he saw two figures not far away.

Emperor Qing looked up quickly and saw that one of them was Qin Feng

Chapter 1005 Mysterious Powerhouse! Sanshi Divine Book!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to dig out all the Sun Stars!

At this point, the materials for refining the divine whip have been gathered.

He sent it directly into the small universe and let the mind body refine it

Subsequently, he continued to search for resources in the forbidden area

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, another half day passed!

The remnants of the Bright God Realm were slaughtered.

Its resources have also been swept away!

The disciples of Long Yuan and Qinglong Xingyu all received a lot of money.

Later, Qin Feng gave the site of the Bright God Domain to the Azure Dragon Domain Master, which made the Qinglong Star Domain grateful.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master also feels more and more that he is with the right person

At this time, the sky above the light heaven.

The disciples of Long Yuan have gathered!

Yu Xuanji took a storage ring and came to Qin Feng happily.

"Master, I harvested seven star crystals this time! We can create a star field teleportation array!"

Qin Feng took a look at the storage ring and showed a satisfied smile.

Knew it!

Materials are ready!

Immediately, he opened the panel, entered the trading channel, traded the materials to the phantom avatar, and asked the avatar to create a star field teleportation array.

He just finished dealing with these trivial matters, and the Azure Dragon Domain Master also rushed over.

"Lord Qin Feng, the remnants of the Bright God Domain have been dealt with! What should we do next?"

Qin Feng smiled: "Next, let's rush to Judgment God Realm!"

Having said that, he looked at the starry sky in the distance.

With nine days to go, his "Book of the Three Worlds" mission will be three months away.

He has to speed up the time to get five times the quest reward!

"Sir, let's go!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Master couldn't wait to get up.

Along the way, he witnessed Qin Feng's strength, thinking that with such a backer, his inheritance assessment this time will definitely be rewarded.

"It's time to go!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took the 100,000 Longyuan children into the small universe.

Afterwards, he set off with the Azure Dragon Domain Master.

The territory of the Bright God Domain is left to some Qinglong Star Domain disciples to take care of.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng and the two to fly out of the old nest of the Bright God Realm.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just after leaving the Bright God Realm, a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from the sea of ​​​​knowledge of everyone up and down Long Yuan.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mirage Clone is creating a 'Star Teleportation Array']

[The teleportation array was created successfully! The teleportation formation of Longyuan Sanctuary is connecting with Zixiao Palace]

【connection succeeded! Congratulations on the perfect creation of the "Longyuan Sanctuary", which has been officially incorporated into the Hongyuan Universe management system]

[Purple Sky Palace: The central hub that manages the heaven, the human world, the **** world, the three thousand star realms, 240 and the major holy realms! 】

[Congratulations on the perfect creation of Longyuan Sanctuary, you will receive the blessing reward of Heavenly Dao (Hongmeng level)]

[Reward the 10,000-star combat power of 'Sanctuary Children'! 】

[Reward 'Sanctuary Disciple' 1 reputation point! 】

[Reward 'Sanctuary disciples' 1 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the 'Sanctuary Messenger' with 1 billion star combat power! 】

[Reward 'Sanctuary Messenger' with 10,000 reputation points! 】

[Reward 'Sanctuary Messenger' 1 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the 'Sanctuary Messenger' to awaken 1 Acquired Avenue at random! 】

[Reward the 200 million star combat power of the Lord of the Sanctuary! 】

[Reward 200,000 reputation points for the Lord of the Sanctuary! 】

[Reward the 'Master of Sanctuary' 20,000 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the Lord of the Sanctuary for randomly awakening 20 acquired avenues! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the announcement came out, the disciples of Long Yuan cheered!

Di Jiang, Jumang, Yu Xuanji and other holy domain messengers are even more ecstatic!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was greatly surprised!

He did not expect that the perfect reward of this 'Longyuan Sanctuary' would be so generous.

Although it did not exceed the reward when the Sanctuary was promoted, it has far exceeded Qin Feng's expectations.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the starry sky shook!

A purple-gold beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng.

In the next second, his combat power, momentum, and prestige all skyrocketed, and all kinds of avenues of aura were also lit up on his body!

"Hey! This is"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was on his way

Suddenly, Qin Feng stopped.

When he looked back, he saw a beam of reward light falling from the sky, and Qin Feng's momentum began to skyrocket wildly.

The majesty of the reward made his heart extremely shocked!

After a long time, all rewards are over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

With just this reward, his reputation has reached 7.04 million points, his luck has reached 1.13 million times, and his mastery has reached 1,845!

His combat power has soared to 19.19 trillion stars!

Finally broke the 19 trillion combat power, and it is a big step closer to the 20 trillion combat power goal!

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord came to his senses and hurriedly stepped forward to ask.

"Lord Qin Feng, is the reward you just received a blessing from heaven after the perfection of the 'Sanctuary'?"

The tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was a little unsure.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "That's right! My clone has just created the 'Star Field Teleportation Array'!"

Hearing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was extremely shocked!

If he didn't feel wrong before, Lord Qin Feng's combat power reward has reached 200 million stars!

What level of reward is this?

Back then, after he built the Star Field Teleportation Array, he only received a 5 billion star combat power reward!

After all, the Qinglong Starfield is a small starfield, and the reward for obtaining blessings is the lowest.

It turns out that this kind of blessing reward is based on the level of the star domain and the sanctuary!

The domain owner reward of the small star domain is 100 million combat power!

The medium-sized star field is 200 million combat power!

The large star field is 500 million combat power.

The super star field is 100 million combat power!

But Lord Qin Feng won 200 million combat power rewards, what level is the Longyuan Sanctuary?

Is it one level higher than Super Star Territory? !

If this is the case, then Master Qin Feng's inheritance assessment this time has already taken an advantage!

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng with envy in his eyes!

It turned out that in the inheritance assessment of the trial domain lord, the higher the domain lord of the same rank, the higher the qualification points obtained.

In other words, the domain owner born in the super star domain is more qualified to obtain inheritance, and the initial qualification score given is also high.

The inheritance assessment is based on the ranking of points!

Those who rank first in total points and reach a certain point standard can pass the inheritance assessment.

"Lord Qin Feng, your domain master is of a high level! That will be of great benefit to the next inheritance assessment!"T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At this time, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but sigh.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, just about to speak, when the announcement of Heavenly Dao came again from the sea of ​​​​knowledge

[Longyuan Announcement: Longyuan Sanctuary and Zixiao Palace are successfully linked! 】

[Children of the Lord of the God Realm of Longyuan have the permission to enter the Zixiao Palace, and can take the exam and be promoted to the God King Realm! 】

[Reminder: Zixiao Palace's aspiring advanced assessment is opened every 3 years, and there are still 173 years before the next assessment begins! 】

Hearing this prompt, Long Yuan was both surprised and delighted!

Qin Feng was also greatly surprised!

Immediately, he looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

"Brother, the God King's ascension assessment is also carried out in Zixiao Palace?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded: "That's right! The Zixiao Palace is not only the inheritance place of the Judgment Domain Lord, but also the advanced place of the God King. However, the advanced assessment of the God King will take more than 100 years to open!"