Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Speaking of this, he suddenly thought of something, and looked at Qin Feng with surprise.

"By the way! Master Qin Feng, I almost forgot, you are still in the realm of the gods! If you enter the Zixiao Palace earlier, you can take part in the examination of aspirations and be promoted to the realm of gods, which will greatly benefit your inheritance. Beneficial!"

Qin Feng is also very interested: "Brother, as long as I enter the Zixiao Palace, I can participate in the God King assessment?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smiled and said: "That's right! As long as you go in, you are eligible to participate in the Ascension Assessment. For other main gods, you need to wait for the Ascension Assessment to start before you can pass the Star Domain Teleportation Array and enter the Zixiao Palace!"

"You are different! You are the master of the sanctuary, and you don't need to wait for the Ascension assessment to start. This time the inheritance assessment is opened, and you can enter the Zixiao Palace and complete the God King assessment first."

After hearing this, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

If so, it would be so beneficial to him!

When he is promoted to God King, his strength will inevitably skyrocket, and the chance of winning the inheritance will be even greater.

Not only that, as the Supreme Being of Judgment Hongmeng, he can bring his subordinates into the place of assessment.

In other words, he can bring Di Jiang and others in, and let Di Jiang and others also complete the God King assessment.

If Di Jiang and others are also promoted to God King, then he will have more sacrificial combat power, and it will be easier for him to reach 23 trillion in combat power.

Having said that, he had a 50% chance of getting the inheritance when his deduction combat power reached 23 trillion.

If the combat power reaches 25 trillion stars, the chance of getting inheritance can reach 60%!

If he and Di Jiang and others are promoted to the realm of God King, then there is hope that the combat power will exceed 25 trillion!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was excited!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng and Qinglong Domain Master's sea of ​​knowledge sounded the announcement of Heavenly Dao at the same time.

[Domain Lord Announcement: This year's Zixiao inheritance will start immediately, please go to the Judgment God Domain! 】

[Seven days later, the entrance to Zixiao Palace will appear outside the Judgment God Realm. The entrance is only open for three days, and those who fail to arrive in time will lose their qualifications for this assessment! 】

It turns out that the inheritance of the trial domain master is also called the inheritance of Zixiao!

The inheritance is about to open, and Tiandao notified all the masters of the star field and the master of the sanctuary, as well as various players with qualifications for assessment.

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng and the master of Qinglongyu looked at each other face to face!

"Sir, the assessment is about to begin! From this moment on, all the domain masters will rush to the Judgment God's Domain!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two rushed to the Judgment God Realm.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, seven days passed.

In the past seven days, the masters of the three thousand star regions, the masters of various sacred regions, and even some ancient secret region masters have rushed to judge the divine region.

In addition, those who have broken through the eternal realm and have not exceeded a thousand years, even if they are not domain owners, are eligible to participate in the assessment!

These superpowers have also begun to be dispatched.

During these seven days, Qin Feng and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord passed through countless star domains and rushed to the vicinity of the Judgment God Domain.

At this moment, outside the boundary of the old nest of the Judgment God's Domain, there is an incomparably huge platform, hundreds of millions of miles in length and width, that is quietly suspended in the starry sky.

That giant platform is the initial gathering place for the players!

Look carefully at the center of the platform, there is a huge teleportation array, that is the teleportation array that connects all the star fields!

Every time the God King assessment is opened, the teleportation array in the center of the platform will automatically activate.

Then, the main **** realm players of each star field can come to this platform to gather through the star field teleportation array.

After the time is up, the platform will automatically open, leading to the entrance light gate of Zixiao Palace!

The inheritance assessment of the trial domain masters is different, which requires the domain owners to rush to this platform to converge.

In fact, this platform is called Star Plaza!

The starry sky square is shrouded in a transparent light cover....

The defense level of the mask is extremely large, and even the Eternal Realm may not be able to break through, let alone the Main God Realm.

Those who have the qualifications for inheritance assessment can easily pass through the mask and enter the Starry Sky Plaza!

This is the reason why Tiandao does not open the teleportation array and let the players come to meet by themselves, so as to prevent some main gods from mixing in.

Having said that, it is precisely because of the special location of the Judgment God Realm that the starry sky square leading to the Zixiao Palace will appear near the Judgment God Realm.

At this time, around the starry sky square, thousands of cultivators gathered, ranging from the main **** realm to the **** king realm!

These are all admiring onlookers!

They are not qualified to enter the Starry Sky Plaza!

Every time the inheritance assessment starts, there will be cultivators from all major star regions to watch this grand event!

There were many onlookers, who came with their own domain masters.

There were also many onlookers, who came to watch out of curiosity.

After all, this is related to the inheritance of the Lord of the Universe, and every cultivator is very concerned about it.

In short, the scene around the Star Plaza is very lively.

Looking at the starry sky square, there were only about twenty people in total at this time, all of them were half-step Eternal Realm, and their expressions were extremely arrogant.

These people are the masters of a star field, with respected status and strong strength!

After they arrived at the square, they sat on the ground one by one, waiting for the entrance of Zixiao Palace to open.

At this time, there was a lot of discussion among the onlookers.

Many people are discussing, will this inheritance assessment give birth to a successor?

After so many years, the Hongyuan universe has always been in a state of no owner, and the practitioners are also uneasy.

At this time, in a corner of the crowd.

The two lonely figures have been looking left and right.

If Qin Feng was here, he would definitely recognize these two people.

That is Qingdi and Raphael!

At this moment, both of their faces were a little anxious.

"Master Qingdi, do you think Qin Feng will come this time?"

Raphael is worried about gains and losses.

He was originally a disciple of Judgment God Realm, and since the last time he completed the mission, he has returned to Judgment God Realm.

Emperor Qing took a deep breath: "It should be! It's just about his traces, Tianzun can't figure it out. He should be covered by Karma Dao, and Tianzun can't figure out his information."

Raphael sighed: "Hey! This karma is covering up, I don't know if it's good or bad. I just hope that he can arrive in time, don't miss this inheritance assessment! According to Tianzun's calculations, this assessment may be It's the last time!"

Emperor Qing nodded: "Yeah! The inheritance of Zixiao, who will fall, this time the result will come out. We have only one last chance to judge a family. Qin Feng is our family's last hope!"

Raphael nodded slightly: "I hope he won't let us down!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

But just as the words fell, there was a murmur from the side.

"Hey! This fellow Daoist! Look at the Judgment God Realm on the other side, why is it so dead? I've been observing for a long time, and I haven't seen how many creatures exist in the Judgment God Realm!"

"Uh! Fellow Daoist, haven't you heard of the ancient battle?"

"Ancient War? Never heard of it!"

"Let's talk to you! That Zixiao inheritance is to judge the Lord of God's Domain. After going through the ancient war, the Lord of Judgment Domain fell, and the inheritance fell. After that battle, the children of Judgment God's Domain withered, and they haven't appeared for hundreds of thousands of years. Talented!"

"Uh! Hundreds of thousands of years! I wasn't even born at that time! However, according to what you said, Judgment God's Domain is quite miserable!"

"Naturally miserable! It can be said that all the Star Territories are suppressing the Judgment God Territory. Even if they have a talent, they will be suppressed by all the Star Territories. For so many years, no one of the children of the Judgment Territory has come to participate in the inheritance assessment! "

"That's it! I don't know if there will be any children participating in the assessment this time in the trial of God's Domain?"

"Haha! The Judgment God's Domain has long since been withered, and it is estimated that no one will participate this time! In fact, if the Judgment God's Domain was not supported by Tianzun alone, it would have been destroyed long ago!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed!

In the crowd, Qingdi and Raphi heard those words and their expressions were very ugly.

But what those people say is all the truth!

"Hey! Lord Qingdi, look over there! It seems that Qin Feng is here!"

At this moment, Raphael's eyes were sharp and he saw two figures not far away.

Emperor Qing looked up quickly and saw that one of them was Qin Feng

Chapter 1006 Innate Immortality! Shocked the audience!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Not waiting for the mind body to be happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Reminder: "Book of Three Worlds" has automatically recognized you as the master]

[Congratulations, you have gained insight from the "Book of Three Worlds", and you have begun to awaken the innate avenue - the three-body avenue! 】

[Three-body Dao: The body of the past life, the body of the present life, and the body of the next life are in harmony, not rotten! immortal! Immortal! Unbeaten! 】

[Congratulations, you have gained insight from the "Book of Three Worlds", and you have begun to awaken the avenue of the future - the avenue of the past! 】

[Congratulations, you have gained insight from the "Book of Three Worlds", and you have begun to awaken the avenue of the future - the avenue of the future! 】

[Congratulations, you have gained insight from the "Book of Three Worlds", and you have begun to awaken the avenue of the future - the avenue of the present world! 】

[Congratulations, you have gained insight from the "Book of Three Worlds", and you have begun to awaken the avenue of the day after tomorrow - the avenue of three talents! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, twenty-seven avenues of spiritual light lit up on the mind body, and the momentum was also improving all the way...

At the same time, a cyan lotus phantom lit up between his eyebrows!

That is the projection of Qin Feng's seal of the universe!

As a mind body, only the projection of the seal of the universe can emerge.

At this time, the projection is condensing the 39th petal!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It didn't take long for the 39th petal to condense!

The mind body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

So far, Qin Feng has mastered 39 innate avenues, and the total number of avenues has reached 1872!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your "Book of Three Worlds" is in an incomplete state, so you cannot obtain the feedback power of the "Hongyuan Universe" for the time being! 】

[Reminder: Let the "Book of Three Worlds" merge with a mysterious and yellow air of heaven and earth, you can achieve a complete state, and you will also gain the power of the universe to feed back! 】

"I still need a mysterious yellow energy of heaven and earth!"

After listening to the prompt, the mind body couldn't help but look in a certain direction

For a while, his eyes penetrated the layers of space and landed in another secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, another mind body was sitting cross-legged, with a divine whip suspended in front of it!

Judging from its appearance, it is exactly that whip!

It turned out that while Qin Feng was on his way, his mind body finally refined Qin Yuan Universe's divine whip.

Of course, that whip is still in an incomplete state, and it also needs to integrate the mysterious and yellow energy of heaven and earth.

At this time, there is a cloud of heaven and earth's mysterious yellow gas, which is being integrated into the whip by that mind.

At present, the degree of integration has reached more than 70%!

The mysterious yellow air of the heavens and the earth is the treasure box opened by Qin Feng!

Qin Feng originally had a Tao-level treasure chest synthesis card in his hand. Later, in the Daluo Tian-level Merit Pavilion, he scraped all the resources in it, and obtained dozens of chaos treasure chests from it!