Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Emperor Qing nodded: "Yes! In four hours, the entrance to Zixiao Palace is estimated to be open. That's right! Brother Qin Feng, Tianzun asked me to send this Daojing to you!"

As soon as the voice fell, Emperor Qing took out a silver Dao Crystal from the storage ring and handed it over respectfully!

Qin Feng couldn't help but look at Dao JingVịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[Immortal Daojing: Contains Innate Dao - Immortal Dao! 】

what! It's the Innate Avenue!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, quite surprised!

What he wants most now is to obtain the Innate Great Way!

Unexpectedly, Tianzun sent another Innate Dao Crystal!

This is definitely a very precious gift!

"Brother, thank Tianzun for me!"

Qin Feng happily took the immortal Daojing.

Then, he said: "It will take another four hours before the entrance to the Zixiao Palace will open. If I go all out to refine this long time, I should have time to refine this Dao Crystal! Brother, then I will go to the starry sky first. The plaza!"

Emperor Qing said with anticipation: "You go!"

At the moment, Qin Feng said no more, and flew directly to the starry sky square...

His move immediately shocked the audience!

"Everyone! Look! What is that kid doing!"

"Uh! How did he fly to the Starry Sky Plaza?!"

"Hey! Isn't this kid the guy who called the Azure Dragon Domain Master 'Brother' before!"

"That's right! It's him!"

"Uh! Why is this ignorant kid doing something again? Watching him fly to the Starry Sky Plaza, does he want to go in?"

"What are you kidding?! The person who can pass through that barrier is either the Lord of the Star Territory, or the Eternal Realm Almighty who broke through 2.2 in a thousand years! This kid is only the main God Realm! How can he be able to enter?"

"That's right! I guess this kid has never seen the world before, so he wants to go and see that enchantment!"

"It makes sense! If it was born in a small star field, I have never seen anything in the world!"

At this moment, there were various discussions in the field.

Everyone stared at Qin Feng, watching him fly to Starry Sky Plaza.

In the crowd, there are many people who show disdain.

In their opinion, Qin Feng is a country bumpkin who went to see the world.

Soon, Qin Feng flew to the vicinity of the enchantment, and it was only a hundred feet away from the enchantment...

This also alarmed the great powers in the square!

The great gods opened their eyes one after another and looked up...

They thought that another player had arrived!

When they saw that the person who came was actually a junior in the main **** realm, many players were disdainful, and even a little disgusted!

You don't need to guess, you know, it's another junior who wants to test the power of enchantment.

Such ignorant young people, they have seen too many.

Right now, those great powers don't want to pay attention anymore.

In the crowd, the Tiankui Domain Lord, who was talking very happily with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, also happened to see this scene!

He opened his mouth and was about to ask the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

Swish~!

I saw Qin Feng suddenly accelerate, like lightning, rushing towards the barrier mask!

The audience immediately exclaimed!

Even the greats were stunned!

The barrier mask of the starry sky square, even the eternal power can't break it!

This ant in the main **** realm actually slammed his body into the mask fiercely. Is he trying to find death? !

Everyone thought of this, Qin Feng was like lightning, breaking through the mask and entering in a flash!

He was not hindered in any way!

Boom~!

This time, the whole audience was dumbfounded!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

Even those powerful people were stunned on the spot! .

Chapter 1007 Amazing consciousness! God of Thunder!

At this moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng in shock!

The atmosphere in the field has become extremely quiet!

Qin Feng ignored everyone's eyes and fell slowly from the air...

Until he stepped onto the square with both feet, everyone was relieved!

There was an uproar.

"My God! How... how did that guy pass through the barrier?"

"Yeah! Could it be that he is also the master of the star field?!"

"Master of the Starfield? Impossible! Even the weakest Master of the Starfield is a half-step eternity! This guy is the Lord of the God Realm, how can he be the Master of the Starfield?"

"If it is not the Lord of the Star Field, how can he pass through the barrier?"

"Uh~! This..."

As soon as the voice fell, everyone was stunned!

Even in the Starry Sky Plaza, those half-step greats looked at each other and muttered softly.

"Everyone! This young man is the master of the star field?"

"This... The old man can't remember, the domain owner of the star field is only a main **** realm!"

"Yeah! How can you become the master of the star field if you are not even a **** king? Or, a certain star field is too declining, and you can't choose an outstanding person to be the master of the field, so this kid is elected!"

"There will be such a bad star field in this world? That's right! This son came with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, maybe the Azure Dragon Domain Lord knows some information!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

At this moment, Qin Feng and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded and said hello.

Then, Qin Feng walked to a corner of the square!

He wants to refine the immortal Dao Crystal as soon as possible!

The Azure Dragon Domain Master also knew that Qin Feng had something to do, so he didn't come forward to disturb him.

It was at this moment that he sensed dozens of glances from all around him, and it was the eyes of those almighty people who were asking questions.

Even the domain master of Tiankui looked at him: "Brother Qinglong, who is that young man? The old man saw that he came with you. You must know his origin?"

"This…"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng's back with some hesitation.

He is also reluctant to reveal too much information about Qin Feng.

However, Qin Feng has also explained it before, and he can tell the identity of the master of his sanctuary.

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord said: "Brother, it is true! This young man is a sanctuary master! The sanctuary he dominates has just been born, so you haven't heard that it's normal!"

The master of Tiankui suddenly realized: "It turned out to be the master of the sanctuary! No wonder he was able to pass through the barrier. The master of the sanctuary and the masters of the star fields like me are of equal status."

"However, even if this young man is the master of the sanctuary, his realm is too low! As far as the old 21 husband knows, most of the masters of the sanctuary are half-step eternity, and many of them are half-step eternity! This kid is the main god. It's just the environment!"

At the end of the day, the Lord of Tiankui Territory was contemptuous, calling Qin Feng a 'boy'!

Hearing this, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed slightly, and he felt unhappy.

He didn't want to hear others belittle Qin Feng!

But all the great powers around them nodded, thinking that Tiankui Domain Lord made sense!

Even if the strength of the Lord of the Sanctuary has always been inferior to that of the Lord of the Star Domain, he is considered to be the weakest existence in the first level of the Domain Lord.

But even the weakest, there should be a half-step realm, but this kid is not even a **** king.

They also don't understand, a kid in the main **** realm, what is it that he comes to join in the fun?

Even if you are qualified to participate in the inheritance assessment, there is no chance of passing the test!

Thinking of this, everyone can look at Qin Feng's back, and they are a little disdainful, and they don't even bother to take a second look.

But at this moment, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord rang out in the field.

"Brother Tiankui, don't underestimate this little brother! Don't look at his low level, I'm afraid that when it comes to the inheritance assessment, you won't be as good as him in the ranking of points!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone shook their heads, feeling that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was too exaggerated.

The Tiankui Domain Lord even laughed and said, "Brother Qinglong, what are you kidding? The old man is half a step eternal, and he is only one step away from the peak of half a step. Wouldn't I be inferior to that kid?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was speechless: "Brother, it seems that I am telling the truth, but you don't believe it. You will know the situation when the assessment begins."

Tiankui smiled and said, "Don't say I don't believe it! Which contestant would believe this? Brother Qinglong, your joke is too much!"

The words fell, and everyone nodded their heads.

They also felt that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was exaggerating.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master felt depressed!

He was just about to refute, the mutation and regeneration in the field...

When Qin Feng reached a corner, he waved out a thick white fog, covering himself.

As soon as the white fog covered it, Qin Feng's figure and breath disappeared.

All the great powers were quite surprised, and they released their divine senses and probed towards the white fog...

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just an instant, more than 20 divine senses swept across the fog, wanting to penetrate into the fog and spy on the situation inside!

Among them is the divine consciousness of Tiankui Domain Lord!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

But in the next second, there was an invisible crashing sound in the air!

Those divine senses were swept away by the fog, and they were all bounced off!

Some weaker divine senses were even shattered on the spot, causing some almighty slight backlash!

Boom~!

This bizarre scene shocked the audience!

"Hey! That fog... The old man's consciousness was bounced off!"

"Mine was bounced off too!"

The next second, the big guys couldn't help but exclaimed!

The Tiankui Domain Lord was even more stunned!

His consciousness was shattered on the spot, making his heart tremble!

Oh my God!

A fog mass released by a main **** realm can actually block many half-step almighty consciousness!