Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

That means that the people who released the fog have more spiritual consciousness than them!

Thinking of this, the big guys looked at each other face to face, and it was incredible!

The consciousness of a main **** is even higher than them!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they would never have believed it!

It was at this moment that there was a scream in the field!

"Hey! The deity's consciousness was also bounced back!"

The person who spoke was an old man with white hair and beard, wearing a white robe, his expression was extremely arrogant!

His name is Taibai Domain Master, his cultivation is half-step great perfection, and he is currently the strongest person in the field!

As soon as he finished speaking, the audience was even more surprised!

No way?

Even a half-step Great Perfection's divine sense can't penetrate the young man's fog? !

Only when this thought came to mind, the Taibai Domain Lord condensed his eyes, and his eyes lit up with dazzling white light!

In the next second, the invisible power of consciousness condensed and strengthened in his eyes, and turned into two white light arrows, which shot away instantly!

huh~! huh~!

White light flashes!

Divine Consciousness Light Arrows burst out continuously!

All the great powers opened their eyes one after another and looked at the two arrows of divine consciousness, with anticipation in their eyes!

They really want to know, what will happen after the divine consciousness light arrow penetrates the white fog? !

In the crowd, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord frowned and was unhappy!

He didn't expect that the Taibai Domain Master suddenly shot without saying a word.

This old guy is too arrogant!

However, the old guy is half-stepped to perfection, and he can't do anything to stop it!

huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, the two light arrows were approaching, and they shot directly at the white fog!

Everyone's eyes widened in excitement!

They very much hope that the Divine Consciousness Light Arrow can break the White Mist Barrier!

Only in this way can they save their previous face!

Bang~! Bang~!

Only when this thought came to mind, two arrows of divine consciousness slammed into the White Mist Barrier, making two loud muffled sounds!

The white fog barrier just flickered slightly, but there was no change!

The arrows of light of divine consciousness shattered again and again, turning into starlight on the spot!

The Taibai Domain Lord even snorted, and his body shook slightly!

Divine Consciousness Attack Failed!

He was devoured!

Boom~!

This scene shocked the audience again!

One by one, their eyes widened in astonishment!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the sky above the square shook violently!

The voice of Tiandao then sounded!

[Announcement: It is forbidden to kill each other in this square, and the offenders will be punished once! 】

Click~!

As soon as the reminder came out, a black sky thunder fell from the sky...

On that day, Lei carried the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and directly shrouded the Taibai Domain Lord, making him unavoidable!

Kacha~!

Lightning flashed, illuminating the entire starry sky!

That thunderbolt hit Taibai Territory Lord fiercely, and he vomited blood, his whole body was charred black, and he was extremely embarrassed!

The audience was dumbfounded again!

Many great powers are even more afraid!

Fortunately, it wasn't them who shot!

The power of that thunder of divine punishment has reached the half-step Great Perfection level!

Boom~Long~Long~

[Announcement: It is forbidden to kill each other in this square. If you commit a second crime, the power of the punishment will increase tenfold! 】

Boom~!

The power of Heavenly Punishment has increased tenfold!

That is equivalent to a five-level attack!

No one can resist!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Even a half-step Great Perfection will be killed in seconds!

Thinking of this, all the great powers took a deep breath, and one by one became extremely honest!

Wow~!

At this time, the Taibai Domain Lord spat out another mouthful of blood!

Then he raised his head slightly, glanced at Bai Wu with a complicated expression, and then withdrew his gaze.

Based on the strength of the Heavenly Punishment in the Starry Sky Plaza, he knew it for a long time, so he dared to take action.

His original intention was to fight for the punishment once, but also to find out the details of Qin Feng, but he did not expect to fail.

At the moment, he didn't think about it anymore, silently took out a healing medicine, and swallowed it directly...

Seeing this scene, the audience was silent, and even the air was a little frozen!

At the same time, inside the white fog barrier.

Qin Feng looked at everything outside with a smile on his face!

He had already guessed that his appearance would be questioned by countless people, but he didn't expect these people to be so radical!

Seeing that the Taibai Domain Master was injured, he felt inexplicably happy!

With his current strength, even the Five Absolutes are not as good as him, let alone a half-step Great Perfection!

Now, only those great powers of the Eternal Realm can crush him in the sense of God!

"These guys have suffered so much, so they won't spy on them any more, right?"

At this time, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

In the next second, he waved his hand and sacrificed three spiritual flags, and three protective masks were raised in the thick fog!

That is the plain color cloud world flag, the cyan lotus flag, the Zhenwu soap carving flag...

When the mask was raised, Qin Feng just dodged and disappeared into the thick fog, leaving only a space node the size of a soybean!

Qin Feng has returned to the small universe and personally refined the immortal Daojing...

Meanwhile, outside the thick fog.

All the bigwigs stared at the white fog in a daze, with complicated eyes.

The atmosphere in the field is also peaceful!

After a long time, everyone gradually calmed down!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smirked in his heart.

He had already guessed that this would be the result!

These guys dare to underestimate Lord Qin Feng, and naturally there will be no good results!

At this time, Tiankui Domain Lord also slowly retracted his gaze, his expression a little embarrassed.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord hurriedly said: "Brother Tiankui, I have already told you! Don't underestimate that young man!"

Hearing this, Tiankui Domain Lord became even more embarrassed!

But he said: "Oh! Brother, that young man's consciousness is really amazing! But strong consciousness does not mean that he is strong! I don't believe it, I will lose to him in the assessment?"

"You!...Hey!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord shook his head slightly.

I'm afraid this guy is not stubborn, he probably thinks that way.

It seems that these people are still a little unconvinced before the inheritance assessment starts!

Then wait for the exam to start!

With this thought, the Azure Dragon Domain Master no longer thought about it, and just waited for the beginning of the assessment...

However, after experiencing the event of divine consciousness, none of those half-step eternal powers dared to underestimate Qin Feng!

Even if everyone thinks that Qin Feng is only in the main **** realm and will not be stronger than them, they also recognize Qin Feng's qualifications for the assessment.

That young man really has some skills!

At the same time, outside the Starry Sky Plaza, there has long been a dead silence!

Those onlookers have long been stunned!

Everything that happened in the square, they are vivid in their eyes!

It's just that they didn't expect Qin Feng to be so strong!

This time, the whole place was silent!

It became extremely quiet in the starry sky!

Everyone stared blankly at the fog, unable to recover for a while.

After a long time, everyone gradually slowed down.

The expressions are all sighed!

No one dares to criticize Qin Feng again!

Right now, in the corner.

Qingdi and Rafi were even more excited!

"Master Qingdi, I really didn't expect Master Qin Feng's consciousness to be so terrifying! His performance has far exceeded Tianzun's expectations!"

At this time, Rafa was very emotional.

Emperor Qing also smiled and nodded: "Yeah! Just in terms of divine consciousness, Qin Feng is not considered weak among the contestants."

"However, divine consciousness is a partiality after all, and cannot give feedback on the strength of 257! Whether Master Qin Feng succeeds depends on his overall strength! In short, let's wait for the result!"

At the end of the day, Qingdi's tone was full of respect, and at the same time, he was a little anxious...

Qin Feng is the last hope to judge God's Domain!

He naturally hopes that Qin Feng can succeed, but the future is unpredictable!

In this way, the crowd continued to watch the opening of the inheritance.

Qin Feng is in the small universe, refining the immortal Daojing with all his strength...

At the same time, in the depths of a certain starry sky, two figures appeared.