Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Those two are Maitreya and Cheng Huang!

At this time, the two were rushing towards the Judgment Divine Realm...

Along the way, the two walked and chatted.

I saw Maitreya's face full of sadness!

Cheng Huang also muttered: "Lord Maitreya, this time you are representing us in the Heavenly Divine Realm. I'm afraid the future will be difficult!"

Maitreya smiled bitterly: "Yeah! With my strength, I'm afraid I won't be able to pass the first pass of the inheritance assessment. In the past, those who played on behalf of Peeping Heaven and God's Domain were all the adults. It's a pity that he has fallen, so I can only let me temporarily. replaced!"

Speaking of which, Maitreya was very helpless.

Dajitian is the master of spying on the realm of the gods.

However, the Great Sacrifice to Heaven means Tongtian, which can make the receptionist temporarily become the domain owner, and take the domain owner token to participate in the inheritance assessment.

Now that Xie Yin has fallen, Da Ji Tian did not want to miss this opportunity, so Maitreya took his place.

Maitreya's quasi-half-step eternal strength can only be ranked at the bottom of the contestants.

Thinking of this, Maitreya's face is full of sadness!

At this time, Cheng Huang comforted him: "Sir, the important thing is to participate! If you pass an assessment, you will get a lot of gains!"

Maitreya smiled bitterly: "I hope so! Hey! This is..."

As soon as these words fell, Maitreya felt something in his heart, and hurriedly took out the communication jade talisman from the storage ring...

After reading the information, Maitreya's face changed slightly, and there was an incredible color in his eyes.

Cheng Huang was curious: "Sir, what's the matter?"

Only then did Maitreya relax.

He silently put away the jade talisman before looking at Cheng Huang with a complicated expression.

"I just received a message from the master! He has found a peerless powerhouse to participate in this inheritance assessment, and he will never let the inheritance fall into Qin Feng's hands!"

Cheng Huang's eyes lit up: "This is a good thing! Haha! As long as it can prevent Qin Feng from getting the inheritance, it is better than anything else! By the way, Lord Maitreya, what is the strength of the powerhouse invited by the master?"

The master in their mouths naturally refers to the great sacrifice to heaven!

At this moment, Maitreya swallowed his saliva and said, "A peerless powerhouse who has broken through the Eternal Realm for 990 years!"

Cheng Huang exclaimed: "Hey~! It's 990 years! It just meets the requirements of the assessment! With such strength, let's be the strongest existence among the players!"

Maitreya nodded: "Yeah! As soon as this person makes a move, there is a high probability that he will be able to win the inheritance. It's just that the master asked me to hand over the domain master token of the 'Peeping God's Domain' to that person!"

Cheng Huang was stunned: "Sir, as long as the conditions are met, the Eternal Realm can participate in the inheritance assessment, and does not need the identity of the domain owner?"

Maitreya sighed: "That's for the people of Hongyuan Universe, there is really no need for a token! But the helper the master invited this time is not a person from Hongyuan Universe!".

Chapter 1008: Meet Daojun! Cosmic Enhancement!

At this moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng in shock!

The atmosphere in the field has become extremely quiet!

Qin Feng ignored everyone's eyes and fell slowly from the air...

Until he stepped onto the square with both feet, everyone was relieved!

There was an uproar.

"My God! How... how did that guy pass through the barrier?"

"Yeah! Could it be that he is also the master of the star field?!"

"Master of the Starfield? Impossible! Even the weakest Master of the Starfield is a half-step eternity! This guy is the Lord of the God Realm, how can he be the Master of the Starfield?"

"If it is not the Lord of the Star Field, how can he pass through the barrier?"

"Uh~! This..."

As soon as the voice fell, everyone was stunned!

Even in the Starry Sky Plaza, those half-step greats looked at each other and muttered softly.

"Everyone! This young man is the master of the star field?"

"This... The old man can't remember, the domain owner of the star field is only a main **** realm!"

"Yeah! How can you become the master of the star field if you are not even a **** king? Or, a certain star field is too declining, and you can't choose an outstanding person to be the master of the field, so this kid is elected!"

"There will be such a bad star field in this world? That's right! This son came with the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, maybe the Azure Dragon Domain Lord knows some information!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

At this moment, Qin Feng and the Azure Dragon Domain Lord nodded and said hello.

Then, Qin Feng walked to a corner of the square!

He wants to refine the immortal Dao Crystal as soon as possible!

The Azure Dragon Domain Master also knew that Qin Feng had something to do, so he didn't come forward to disturb him.

It was at this moment that he sensed dozens of glances from all around him, and it was the eyes of those almighty people who were asking questions.

Even the domain master of Tiankui looked at him: "Brother Qinglong, who is that young man? The old man saw that he came with you. You must know his origin?"

"This…"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Qin Feng's back with some hesitation.

He is also reluctant to reveal too much information about Qin Feng.

However, Qin Feng has also explained it before, and he can tell the identity of the master of his sanctuary.

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord said: "Brother, it is true! This young man is a sanctuary master! The sanctuary he dominates has just been born, so you haven't heard that it's normal!"

The master of Tiankui suddenly realized: "It turned out to be the master of the sanctuary! No wonder he was able to pass through the barrier. The master of the sanctuary and the masters of the star fields like me are of equal status."

"However, even if this young man is the master of the sanctuary, his realm is too low! As far as the old 21 husband knows, most of the masters of the sanctuary are half-step eternity, and many of them are half-step eternity! This kid is the main god. It's just the environment!"

At the end of the day, the Lord of Tiankui Territory was contemptuous, calling Qin Feng a 'boy'!

Hearing this, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed slightly, and he felt unhappy.

He didn't want to hear others belittle Qin Feng!

But all the great powers around them nodded, thinking that Tiankui Domain Lord made sense!

Even if the strength of the Lord of the Sanctuary has always been inferior to that of the Lord of the Star Domain, he is considered to be the weakest existence in the first level of the Domain Lord.

But even the weakest, there should be a half-step realm, but this kid is not even a **** king.

They also don't understand, a kid in the main **** realm, what is it that he comes to join in the fun?

Even if you are qualified to participate in the inheritance assessment, there is no chance of passing the test!

Thinking of this, everyone can look at Qin Feng's back, and they are a little disdainful, and they don't even bother to take a second look.

But at this moment, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord rang out in the field.

"Brother Tiankui, don't underestimate this little brother! Don't look at his low level, I'm afraid that when it comes to the inheritance assessment, you won't be as good as him in the ranking of points!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone shook their heads, feeling that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was too exaggerated.

The Tiankui Domain Lord even laughed and said, "Brother Qinglong, what are you kidding? The old man is half a step eternal, and he is only one step away from the peak of half a step. Wouldn't I be inferior to that kid?"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord was speechless: "Brother, it seems that I am telling the truth, but you don't believe it. You will know the situation when the assessment begins."

Tiankui smiled and said, "Don't say I don't believe it! Which contestant would believe this? Brother Qinglong, your joke is too much!"

The words fell, and everyone nodded their heads.

They also felt that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was exaggerating.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master felt depressed!

He was just about to refute, the mutation and regeneration in the field...

When Qin Feng reached a corner, he waved out a thick white fog, covering himself.

As soon as the white fog covered it, Qin Feng's figure and breath disappeared.

All the great powers were quite surprised, and they released their divine senses and probed towards the white fog...

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just an instant, more than 20 divine senses swept across the fog, wanting to penetrate into the fog and spy on the situation inside!

Among them is the divine consciousness of Tiankui Domain Lord!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

But in the next second, there was an invisible crashing sound in the air!

Those divine senses were swept away by the fog, and they were all bounced off!

Some weaker divine senses were even shattered on the spot, causing some almighty slight backlash!

Boom~!

This bizarre scene shocked the audience!

"Hey! That fog... The old man's consciousness was bounced off!"

"Mine was bounced off too!"

The next second, the big guys couldn't help but exclaimed!

The Tiankui Domain Lord was even more stunned!

His consciousness was shattered on the spot, making his heart tremble!

Oh my God!

A fog mass released by a main **** realm can actually block many half-step almighty consciousness!

That means that the people who released the fog have more spiritual consciousness than them!

Thinking of this, the big guys looked at each other face to face, and it was incredible!

The consciousness of a main **** is even higher than them!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they would never have believed it!

It was at this moment that there was a scream in the field!

"Hey! The deity's consciousness was also bounced back!"

The person who spoke was an old man with white hair and beard, wearing a white robe, his expression was extremely arrogant!

His name is Taibai Domain Master, his cultivation is half-step great perfection, and he is currently the strongest person in the field!

As soon as he finished speaking, the audience was even more surprised!

No way?

Even a half-step Great Perfection's divine sense can't penetrate the young man's fog? !

Only when this thought came to mind, the Taibai Domain Lord condensed his eyes, and his eyes lit up with dazzling white light!

In the next second, the invisible power of consciousness condensed and strengthened in his eyes, and turned into two white light arrows, which shot away instantly!

huh~! huh~!

White light flashes!

Divine Consciousness Light Arrows burst out continuously!

All the great powers opened their eyes one after another and looked at the two arrows of divine consciousness, with anticipation in their eyes!

They really want to know, what will happen after the divine consciousness light arrow penetrates the white fog? !

In the crowd, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord frowned and was unhappy!

He didn't expect that the Taibai Domain Master suddenly shot without saying a word.

This old guy is too arrogant!

However, the old guy is half-stepped to perfection, and he can't do anything to stop it!

huh~! huh~!