Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, the two light arrows were approaching, and they shot directly at the white fog!

Everyone's eyes widened in excitement!

They very much hope that the Divine Consciousness Light Arrow can break the White Mist Barrier!

Only in this way can they save their previous face!

Bang~! Bang~!

Only when this thought came to mind, two arrows of divine consciousness slammed into the White Mist Barrier, making two loud muffled sounds!

The white fog barrier just flickered slightly, but there was no change!

The arrows of light of divine consciousness shattered again and again, turning into starlight on the spot!

The Taibai Domain Lord even snorted, and his body shook slightly!

Divine Consciousness Attack Failed!

He was devoured!

Boom~!

This scene shocked the audience again!

One by one, their eyes widened in astonishment!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the sky above the square shook violently!

The voice of Tiandao then sounded!

[Announcement: It is forbidden to kill each other in this square, and the offenders will be punished once! 】VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Click~!

As soon as the reminder came out, a black sky thunder fell from the sky...

On that day, Lei carried the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and directly shrouded the Taibai Domain Lord, making him unavoidable!

Kacha~!

Lightning flashed, illuminating the entire starry sky!

That thunderbolt hit Taibai Territory Lord fiercely, and he vomited blood, his whole body was charred black, and he was extremely embarrassed!

The audience was dumbfounded again!

Many great powers are even more afraid!

Fortunately, it wasn't them who shot!

The power of that thunder of divine punishment has reached the half-step Great Perfection level!

Boom~Long~Long~

[Announcement: It is forbidden to kill each other in this square. If you commit a second crime, the power of the punishment will increase tenfold! 】

Boom~!

The power of Heavenly Punishment has increased tenfold!

That is equivalent to a five-level attack!

No one can resist!

Even a half-step Great Perfection will be killed in seconds!

Thinking of this, all the great powers took a deep breath, and one by one became extremely honest!

Wow~!

At this time, the Taibai Domain Lord spat out another mouthful of blood!

Then he raised his head slightly, glanced at Bai Wu with a complicated expression, and then withdrew his gaze.

Based on the strength of the Heavenly Punishment in the Starry Sky Plaza, he knew it for a long time, so he dared to take action.

His original intention was to fight for the punishment once, but also to find out the details of Qin Feng, but he did not expect to fail.

At the moment, he didn't think about it anymore, silently took out a healing medicine, and swallowed it directly...

Seeing this scene, the audience was silent, and even the air was a little frozen!

At the same time, inside the white fog barrier.

Qin Feng looked at everything outside with a smile on his face!

He had already guessed that his appearance would be questioned by countless people, but he didn't expect these people to be so radical!

Seeing that the Taibai Domain Master was injured, he felt inexplicably happy!

With his current strength, even the Five Absolutes are not as good as him, let alone a half-step Great Perfection!

Now, only those great powers of the Eternal Realm can crush him in the sense of God!

"These guys have suffered so much, so they won't spy on them any more, right?"

At this time, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

In the next second, he waved his hand and sacrificed three spiritual flags, and three protective masks were raised in the thick fog!

That is the plain color cloud world flag, the cyan lotus flag, the Zhenwu soap carving flag...

When the mask was raised, Qin Feng just dodged and disappeared into the thick fog, leaving only a space node the size of a soybean!

Qin Feng has returned to the small universe and personally refined the immortal Daojing...

Meanwhile, outside the thick fog.

All the bigwigs stared at the white fog in a daze, with complicated eyes.

The atmosphere in the field is also peaceful!

After a long time, everyone gradually calmed down!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord smirked in his heart.

He had already guessed that this would be the result!

These guys dare to underestimate Lord Qin Feng, and naturally there will be no good results!

At this time, Tiankui Domain Lord also slowly retracted his gaze, his expression a little embarrassed.

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord hurriedly said: "Brother Tiankui, I have already told you! Don't underestimate that young man!"

Hearing this, Tiankui Domain Lord became even more embarrassed!

But he said: "Oh! Brother, that young man's consciousness is really amazing! But strong consciousness does not mean that he is strong! I don't believe it, I will lose to him in the assessment?"

"You!...Hey!"

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord shook his head slightly.

I'm afraid this guy is not stubborn, he probably thinks that way.

It seems that these people are still a little unconvinced before the inheritance assessment starts!

Then wait for the exam to start!

With this thought, the Azure Dragon Domain Master no longer thought about it, and just waited for the beginning of the assessment...

However, after experiencing the event of divine consciousness, none of those half-step eternal powers dared to underestimate Qin Feng!

Even if everyone thinks that Qin Feng is only in the main **** realm and will not be stronger than them, they also recognize Qin Feng's qualifications for the assessment.

That young man really has some skills!

At the same time, outside the Starry Sky Plaza, there has long been a dead silence!

Those onlookers have long been stunned!

Everything that happened in the square, they are vivid in their eyes!

It's just that they didn't expect Qin Feng to be so strong!

This time, the whole place was silent!

It became extremely quiet in the starry sky!

Everyone stared blankly at the fog, unable to recover for a while.

After a long time, everyone gradually slowed down.

The expressions are all sighed!

No one dares to criticize Qin Feng again!

Right now, in the corner.

Qingdi and Rafi were even more excited!

"Master Qingdi, I really didn't expect Master Qin Feng's consciousness to be so terrifying! His performance has far exceeded Tianzun's expectations!"

At this time, Rafa was very emotional.

Emperor Qing also smiled and nodded: "Yeah! Just in terms of divine consciousness, Qin Feng is not considered weak among the contestants."

"However, divine consciousness is a partiality after all, and cannot give feedback on the strength of 257! Whether Master Qin Feng succeeds depends on his overall strength! In short, let's wait for the result!"

At the end of the day, Qingdi's tone was full of respect, and at the same time, he was a little anxious...

Qin Feng is the last hope to judge God's Domain!

He naturally hopes that Qin Feng can succeed, but the future is unpredictable!

In this way, the crowd continued to watch the opening of the inheritance.

Qin Feng is in the small universe, refining the immortal Daojing with all his strength...

At the same time, in the depths of a certain starry sky, two figures appeared.

Those two are Maitreya and Cheng Huang!

At this time, the two were rushing towards the Judgment Divine Realm...

Along the way, the two walked and chatted.

I saw Maitreya's face full of sadness!

Cheng Huang also muttered: "Lord Maitreya, this time you are representing us in the Heavenly Divine Realm. I'm afraid the future will be difficult!"

Maitreya smiled bitterly: "Yeah! With my strength, I'm afraid I won't be able to pass the first pass of the inheritance assessment. In the past, those who played on behalf of Peeping Heaven and God's Domain were all the adults. It's a pity that he has fallen, so I can only let me temporarily. replaced!"

Speaking of which, Maitreya was very helpless.

Dajitian is the master of spying on the realm of the gods.

However, the Great Sacrifice to Heaven means Tongtian, which can make the receptionist temporarily become the domain owner, and take the domain owner token to participate in the inheritance assessment.

Now that Xie Yin has fallen, Da Ji Tian did not want to miss this opportunity, so Maitreya took his place.

Maitreya's quasi-half-step eternal strength can only be ranked at the bottom of the contestants.

Thinking of this, Maitreya's face is full of sadness!

At this time, Cheng Huang comforted him: "Sir, the important thing is to participate! If you pass an assessment, you will get a lot of gains!"

Maitreya smiled bitterly: "I hope so! Hey! This is..."

As soon as these words fell, Maitreya felt something in his heart, and hurriedly took out the communication jade talisman from the storage ring...

After reading the information, Maitreya's face changed slightly, and there was an incredible color in his eyes.

Cheng Huang was curious: "Sir, what's the matter?"

Only then did Maitreya relax.

He silently put away the jade talisman before looking at Cheng Huang with a complicated expression.

"I just received a message from the master! He has found a peerless powerhouse to participate in this inheritance assessment, and he will never let the inheritance fall into Qin Feng's hands!"

Cheng Huang's eyes lit up: "This is a good thing! Haha! As long as it can prevent Qin Feng from getting the inheritance, it is better than anything else! By the way, Lord Maitreya, what is the strength of the powerhouse invited by the master?"

The master in their mouths naturally refers to the great sacrifice to heaven!

At this moment, Maitreya swallowed his saliva and said, "A peerless powerhouse who has broken through the Eternal Realm for 990 years!"