Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Cheng Huang exclaimed: "Hey~! It's 990 years! It just meets the requirements of the assessment! With such strength, let's be the strongest existence among the players!"

Maitreya nodded: "Yeah! As soon as this person makes a move, there is a high probability that he will be able to win the inheritance. It's just that the master asked me to hand over the domain master token of the 'Peeping God's Domain' to that person!"

Cheng Huang was stunned: "Sir, as long as the conditions are met, the Eternal Realm can participate in the inheritance assessment, and does not need the identity of the domain owner?"

Maitreya sighed: "That's for the people of Hongyuan Universe, there is really no need for a token! But the helper the master invited this time is not a person from Hongyuan Universe!".

Chapter 1009: Strength soars! Daojun is coming!

Maitreya sighed: "That's for the people of Hongyuan Universe, and they really don't need tokens! But the helper the master invited this time is not a person from Hongyuan Universe!"

Cheng Huang was shocked: "Not from Hongyuan Universe? Could it be?"

Maitreya nodded slightly: "You guessed it right! It is the supreme powerhouse above all the universes who sent one of his subordinates from the Eternal Realm to participate in this inheritance assessment."

Hearing this, Cheng Huang was too shocked to speak.

In his mind, Da Jitian was already an invincible existence.

Ke Chenghuang also knew that there was a supreme powerhouse above the Great Sacrificial Heaven, who was called the 'Heaven's substitute' by the Great Sacrificial Heaven.

Its strength is beyond description, it is a terrifying existence that can sweep across the universe!

Dajitian is in awe of that person!

Not to mention riding yellow.

Now, the supreme powerhouse has actually sent an eternal realm powerhouse to participate in the inheritance assessment of Hongyuan Universe!

It seems that this year's inheritance assessment will become extremely intense!

Cheng Huang was filled with emotion!

Immediately, he asked again: "Lord Maitreya, when will the helper sent by the supreme powerhouse arrive?"

Maitreya took a deep breath and said, "The master told us to wait in place! It is estimated that the man got the master's guidance and will soon be able to find us."

Cheng Huang nodded slightly: "Yes! The strength of the Eternal Realm powerhouse is unfathomable. It is extremely easy for him to find us!"

hum~~!

As soon as the voice fell, hundreds of millions of miles of starry sky were shrouded in an invisible force field!

The two of Maitreya were sure, and couldn't help but look around!

At this moment, countless stars appeared out of thin air!

Afterwards, those starlights converged into a human shape and gradually turned into a stalwart figure.

The eternal light wheel appeared behind the figure, and the whole body exuded a milky white aura, showing the supreme nobility!

As soon as they saw the eternal light wheel, the faces of the two Maitreya changed greatly!

Oh my God!

This powerhouse who appeared out of thin air was actually a powerhouse in the Eternal Realm!

Because only the strong in the Eternal Realm can condense the Eternal Light Wheel behind them!

That means the Great Dao is harmonious, eternal and immortal!

It was at this moment that the Eternal Realm powerhouse approached the two of Maitreya!

The two of Maitreya were frightened, and hurriedly took the initiative to come forward to meet!

"Looking at the Divine Realm - Maitreya! I have seen adults!"

"Looking at the Divine Realm - Cheng Huang! I have seen adults!"

At this moment, the visitor has approached.

Maitreya finally saw the appearance of the person who came.

I saw that the person who came was handsome in facial features and arrogant, but his eyes were green, like two green orbs.

This characteristic of green eyes is rare in the Hongyuan universe.

Looking at the appearance of people again, Maitreya could not find any eternal power that can correspond to it!

After all, there are only dozens of the eternal powers of Hongyuan Universe!

Everyone above the **** king knows it, and everyone knows its appearance!

The eternal power in front of me is not one of them!

Could this be the newly promoted eternal power?

Maitreya has guesses!

what! wrong!

Soon Maitreya sensed that the aura of the Great Dao exuded by the visitor was somewhat different from the aura of the Great Dao of Hongyuan Universe!

There are thousands of universes, the way of heaven is the only one!

But different universes have slightly different properties on the same avenue.

That difference is a slight difference due to the energy nature of the universe!

Of course, the difference is not big, and it will not affect the essence of the Great Dao, but the power has changed slightly.

The aura of the mysterious man in front of him seems to be stronger than that of Hongyuan Universe!

Thinking of this, Maitreya's face changed slightly.

As far as he knows, a universe with a perfect structure and a state of consummation is also graded.

Just like the low-energy state universe, the medium-energy state universe, and the high-energy state universe!

Because the Hongyuan Universe lost its Lord of the Universe very early, it is still in a low-energy state universe, and the creatures born within it also belong to the low-energy state level.

And the person in front of him is obviously from a universe with a higher energy state!

At the same level, the monks cultivated in the high-energy state universe can often crush the monks in the low-energy state universe.

Of course, this is not absolute, just a general trend!

If you meet Qin Feng, this rule will be invalid!

"Are you Maitreya?"

At this time, the mysterious green-eyed man spoke up, his tone was a little stiff, as if he was not used to speaking the language of the Hongmeng universe.

Maitreya panicked: "It's right here! I don't know the adults"

Before Maitreya could finish speaking, the visitor waved his hand impatiently.

"Needless to say! This deity is the helper invited by your master! You can call this deity--Jianfeng Daojun ¨¨!"

The comer looks proud!

Maitreya's eyes lit up, full of surprises!

He had suspected that the person in front of him should be the helper invited by the master, but now that he admits it himself, it is even more certain.

Immediately, he and Cheng Huang hurriedly greeted him!

"I've been waiting to see Lord Daojun!"

Daojun is a special title for the power of the eternal realm!

Jun Feng Dao nodded slightly: "Well! Maitreya, bring the domain master token!"

"Yes! Sir, please accept it!"

Maitreya quickly took out the token and handed it over respectfully.

As soon as Feng Feng Daojun waved his hand, he inhaled the token into his hand.

In the next second, he took out a yellow paper ancient talisman, and instantly sacrificed...

The ancient yellow paper talisman immediately ignited without fire, and finally turned into a ball of light that poured into Daojun Yanfeng's body.

The breath of Daojun Li Feng immediately changed, and the aura that was somewhat out of tune with this universe disappeared strangely, and it became a harmonious whole with the surrounding universe!

Maitreya sensed with his heart again, but found that he could no longer sense anything different, as if Jun Feng Dao was a strong man born in Hongyuan Universe!

Maitreya suddenly understood that Jun Fengdao used the mysterious ancient talisman to change his breath, making him a citizen of Hongyuan Universe, and thus deceived the way of heaven!

Afterwards, Yan Feng broke his fingers and blood clotted, and bounced towards the Domain Master Token...

Om~!

Soon, the domain master token lit up with a dazzling aura under the control of his secret technique.

It didn't take long for everything to be done!

Daojun Li Feng temporarily became the domain owner of the 'God's Realm', completely covering up the breath of his other universe creatures, and obtained the qualification for the inheritance assessment of this universe!

"It's finally done!"

At this moment, Jun Fengdao showed a satisfied smile and put away the token!

"Great! Sir, this time it's up to you, it is estimated that the inheritance will not fall into the hands of Qin Feng's children!"

Maitreya also looked happy.

Yan Feng smiled and said, "Qin Feng?! Just relying on that ant, it's not worth the deity's shot. In fact, even if the deity doesn't take action, it's hard for that ant to get the inheritance!"

"This deity will come this time, because my lord has calculated that this inheritance of your Hongyuan universe should have a result this time."

"Who will end up with the flowers, the original result was unpredictable! But it definitely won't be you peeping into the Divine Realm! It's very likely that the people from Rahu will go there!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"For this reason, your family's big sacrifice to the sky is not reconciled, so you have reached an agreement with my family! Let me compete for the inheritance! If the inheritance is successful! You can get one-third of the benefits from peeking into the realm of the gods."

"The two-thirds of the benefits are naturally my family's adults. And this time, what you helped to do is the domain master token, which allowed me to obtain the qualification for the assessment!"

After hearing these words, Maitreya and Cheng Huang suddenly realized!

This is the cause and effect of everything!

It turns out that Jun Feng Daojun's goal is to seize the inheritance, and dealing with Qin Feng is only incidental!

Even, he didn't put Qin Feng in his eyes from the beginning to the end!

Having said that, the relationship between Dajitian and Luohu is both a cooperative relationship and a competitive relationship.

It was also deduced from the great sacrifice to the sky that this inheritance assessment should be the last time.

And he also calculated that this inheritance is likely to fall into the hands of Rahu's people.

This makes Dajitian unable to sit still!

Da Jitian didn't want to judge God's Domain to resurface, nor did he want Rahu to become stronger and bigger.

For this reason, he had no choice but to sacrifice his interests and find Daojun Li Feng.

Thinking of this, Maitreya and Cheng Huang couldn't help but look at each other.

Although the big sacrifice to the sky would cause great damage to the Hongyuan universe, it would be more beneficial than detrimental to Peeping the Heavenly Divine Realm!

They are supporting the practice of offering sacrifices to the heavens.

Thinking of this, they are very concerned. After Daojun Yanfeng takes action, will he be able to inherit it?

At the moment, Maitreya asked cautiously: "Lord Daojun, if you take action, how many percent of you are you sure you will get the inheritance?"

Daojun Yan Feng smiled confidently: "Of course it is 100%! Don't look at the deity breaking through the eternal realm, it has not exceeded a thousand years, but the strength of the deity in the Hongyuan universe can be regarded as a mid-grade eternal level!"

"Hey~! Mid-grade Eternal Grade!"

"My God! This is too strong!"

Hearing this, both Maitreya were amazed!

It turned out to be the same eternal realm, and according to the strength of the strength, it is divided into low-grade, medium-grade, high-grade, and super-grade.

Now in the Hongyuan universe, there are only three people who have reached the super-eternal level, and they are Rahu, Dazaitian, and Tianzun.

Those who have broken through the Eternal Realm within a thousand years are all low-grade, and belong to the weakest group of powerhouses in the Eternal Realm.

If you want to reach the middle grade, you have to break through at least tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years.

This is also related to talent and perception!

Thinking that Daojun has not surpassed a thousand years of breakthrough, he has the strength of the middle-grade Eternal Realm. In addition to his personal talent, it is also related to his origin from the high-energy state universe.