Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

However, after the two of Maitreya were amazed, they were overjoyed.

Immediately, Maitreya said: "It turns out that Lord Daojun has the strength of the middle grade. It seems that this inheritance is yours!"

Jun Feng Dao smiled without saying a word!

At this time, Cheng Huang also said: "Sir Daojun, when you seize the inheritance this time, don't show mercy to Qin Feng's children! That little thief is the remnant of the Judgment God's Domain. If he doesn't get rid of it, there will be endless troubles!"

Cheng Huang suffered a big loss in Qin Feng's hands!

At this time, he took the opportunity to slander in front of Fang Feng, and wanted to use the hand of Fang Feng to destroy Qin Feng in order to relieve the hatred in his heart!

Yan Feng smiled nonchalantly: "Don't worry! As long as the opportunity is right, the deity will definitely get rid of him! According to the rules of heaven, if you shoot someone in the Zixiao Palace, you will be punished by heaven!"

"The power of the first punishment is only half a step of the Great Perfection level, and I can easily carry it! The power of the second punishment should be a transitional level to the Eternal Realm, and I can also carry it!"

"The power of the third punishment should be at the low-grade eternal level. I can still easily hold it! I don't believe this deity. I even shot three times, so the little thief can still survive?"

Hearing this, Maitreya and Cheng Huang couldn't help but look at each other.

The next second, the two of them smiled knowingly.

In their opinion, Qin Feng is dead this time!

They naturally hope that Qin Feng can be destroyed as soon as possible, so that he can avenge the Venerable Puyin!

How Venerable Jie Yin fell, they still don't know.

They know how Puyin fell, and they naturally hate Qin Feng!

At this time, Jun Fengdao said impatiently: "The entrance to Zixiao Palace is about to open! Let's go!"

"Sir, we'll show you the way!"

The two of Maitreya quickly and enthusiastically led the way.

Immediately, a group of three flew towards the Judgment Divine Realm.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, nearly four hours passed by Hongyuan Universe!

It is only ten minutes away from the opening of the entrance of Zixiao Palace.

At this time, next to Judgment God Domain, the surrounding of Starry Sky Plaza became more lively!

The number of onlookers has reached tens of thousands!

The number of players entering the Starry Sky Plaza has also exceeded 100!

Those who arrived later, as soon as they entered the square, saw the fog barrier arranged by Qin Feng.

They were naturally curious, and they all released their spiritual sense detection, but they all failed.

Those players were surprised, thinking that it was a fog barrier set up by a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse, so they didn't dare to spy on it, they just sat on the ground one by one and meditated on their own.

These half-step eternal powers are basically loners, so they have not inquired about the origin of the fog enchantment.

Therefore, it was only the first batch of players who knew the truth about the appearance of the fog barrier, and none of the later players knew about it, and no one went to inquire about it...

At this moment, within the fog barrier, the space node of Qin Yuan's universe was quietly suspended in mid-air.

At the same time, within the Qin Yuan universe, there was a secret cultivation room.

Qin Feng finally refined the immortal Dao Crystal!

At this moment, his whole body is lit with dazzling light, and the seal of the universe appears between his eyebrows, which is condensing the fortieth petals!

It didn't take long for the petals to condense!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He finally felt another innate avenue, the number of innate avenues he mastered reached 40, and the total number of avenues was 1898!

This is a good progress!

"¨. I finally finished refining the Immortal Dao Crystal before the opening of the Zixiao Palace!"

At this moment, Qin Feng got up slowly, feeling very satisfied!

Refining Daojing in such a timely manner will not delay his Divine King assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to leave the small universe!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, an earth-shattering roar suddenly sounded in his sea of ​​consciousness!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Reminder: Your mind body has integrated the ‘Heaven and Earth’s Profound Yellow Qi’ into the ‘God Beating Whip’! Hit God Whip to a full state! 】

[Congratulations to your Qin Yuan Universe for obtaining the second Dao-level strange item - the whip of the gods! 】

【Successful creation of Dashenbian! The 'Daluo Tianjing' of the Qin Yuan Universe is under automatic creation]

[Daluo Tianjing was successfully created! Qin Yuan Universe's 'Meritorious Temple' is under automatic creation]

[The Temple of Merit was successfully created! The 'Buddha Tower' of Qin Yuan Universe is under automatic creation]Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

[The Temple of Merit was successfully created! The "Supervisor Temple" of Qin Yuan Universe is under automatic creation]

[The Buddha Tower was successfully created! Congratulations, you have obtained the permission to grant the title of Lord God! 】

[The Temple of Supervision was successfully created! Congratulations, you have obtained the permission of the "Star Lord"! 】

[Daluo Tianjing was successfully created! Congratulations, you have obtained the authorization of the 'Master of the Great Luo Tianjing'! 】

[Master of the Daluo Heavenly Realm: The status is comparable to the messenger of the six realms, and he can sacrifice all his combat power to the master of the universe, and share all his insights! 】

[Congratulations to the Lord of the Universe 'Qin Feng'! Your 'Qin Yuan Universe' has received the second Dao-level strange item enhancement]

【Strengthening completed! You have obtained 2 trillion stars of cosmic power backfeeding]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked!

Overjoyed!

It turned out that the second strange object was strengthened, and the power of cosmic feedback was greatly improved, reaching 2 trillion stars!

That's twice as much as the first wonder!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the monstrous cosmic feedback force poured into him.

His momentum suddenly skyrocketed all the way.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the entire Qin Yuan universe vibrated violently!

Above those nine heavens, the Daluo Heaven Realm is taking shape!

And within the Three Realms, the 100,000 Longyuan disciples were even more ecstatic, and they burst into earth-shattering cheers!

The boss finally refined the whip of the gods!

Both the Buddha Tower and the Temple of the Superintendent appeared!

In this way, they can go to the main **** realm.

And some children who feel that they can't become the master of the star field can go to challenge the star master assessment!

The strength of Long Yuan's disciples will be greatly improved again!

The sacrificial power acquired by Qin Feng will naturally increase accordingly.

Chapter 1010: The Three Realms of Zixiao! Aspiring to the top!

For a long time, all visions disappeared! .

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy...

In just a while, his combat power skyrocketed to 21.52 trillion stars!

With the addition of fourteen messengers and the sacrifices of more than 600 star field masters, his combat power can approach 25 trillion stars!

25 trillion!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This exceeded his goal of 23 trillion stars!

Then the probability of his inheritance this time should be more than 50%, right?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly pinched the seal and began to deduce

In the next second, the hexagram on his fingertips appeared, and the heavenly secret began to run.

Before long, the deduction is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes in astonishment, his eyes full of disbelief.

The deduction result this time is quite different from the previous one!

Before that, he deduced that the combination of his combat power and the sacrifice power of his subordinates would have a 50% success rate when reaching 23 trillion stars.

But this time, the result of the deduction is that it has to reach 40 trillion stars in order to have a 50% success rate!

What's even more terrifying is that he still has a murder in Zixiao Palace!

If he does not improve his strength as soon as possible, I am afraid that he will fall into it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath and silently looked into the distance!

It seems that someone wants to attack him in Zixiao Palace, and that person has the strength to kill him!

"It is forbidden to kill each other in the Zixiao Palace! If you violate it, you will be punished by heaven! However, most of the people who can enter the Zixiao Palace are powerhouses above half a step in the Eternal Realm, and many of them are in the Eternal Realm!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He had seen it before, the Taibai Domain Lord had withstood a divine punishment.

If the Taibai Domain Master fouls again, he will be punished for the second time, and his power will be increased tenfold.

According to this rule, half-step Great Perfection can withstand the first divine punishment!

The strength of the five absolutes can withstand the second punishment!

Low-grade eternal strength, can withstand three punishments!

Mid-grade eternal strength, can withstand four punishments!

With Qin Feng's current strength, he can withstand at most two blows in the face of the power of the inferior eternal realm.

And the low-grade Eternal Realm powerhouse can withstand three days of punishment, but can shoot him three times in a row.

In other words, if that low-grade Eternal-level power had to take action against him, he would most likely fall!

As for the middle-grade eternal-level power, I am afraid that one move can kill him in seconds!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng became a little anxious again.

It seems that Da Jitian and Luo Hu have made a move, and the whole situation has undergone huge changes!

Therefore, the result of his deduction has undergone huge changes!

"Strange! With my current attack amplitude, if my combat power and the sacrifice power of my subordinates reach 30 trillion, then I can withstand the three attacks of the low-level eternal realm!"

"If this can withstand three blows, then the low-rank Eternal will not dare to shoot at me, because they can't withstand the fourth heavenly punishment!"

"But why did I deduce that the result of 257 is to reach 40 trillion in combat power? Could it be that there will be middle-grade Eternal Realm powerhouses in this assessment?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a breath!

He thinks that's how it should be!

Only with the appearance of the middle-grade eternal power, does he need a total combat power of 40 trillion to get rid of the calamity of death!

It's amazing!

According to the previous rules, in each inheritance assessment, only one or two Eternal Realm powers will be produced, and they are all low-level strengths.

But this time, there will be a middle-level eternal power, I am afraid that no one will think of it, and no one will dare to think like that!