Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Eternal Realm that has broken through within a thousand years, wants to reach the middle-level strength, it seems that there is no such excellent evildoer in the Hongyuan Universe!

Could this person be from outside the universe?

With this reasoning, Qin Feng has already guessed seven, seven, eight, eight!

There was also a sense of urgency in his heart!

The situation had become so critical that he had to find a way to save himself.

The only way is to quickly improve the strength of yourself and your subordinates!

The improvement of his strength is naturally the most important.

And the strength of the subordinates has skyrocketed, and they can also sacrifice a lot of combat power to him, which is of great help to him.

After all, the rules of this assessment are extremely beneficial to the judge, allowing the judge to bring subordinates to assist.

Qin Feng is a full-level Hongmeng Supreme, and he has the advantage of vocation, which is naturally more advantageous.

In short, improving the strength of his subordinates is also one of the channels for him to save himself!

I don't want so much anymore!

He will quickly increase his strength to 30 trillion stars first!

With a comprehensive combat power of 30 trillion, he is not afraid of the low-grade eternal realm, at least he doesn't have to worry about being killed by the low-grade eternal realm in Zixiao Palace.

Today, his basic combat power is 21.52 trillion stars!

The sacrifice power of messengers such as Dijiang and Jumang can reach about 2.1 trillion.

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and other more than 600 star field masters' sacrifice power can approach 1.4 trillion.

In this way, the comprehensive combat power is 25 trillion, which is 5 trillion short of the target of 30 trillion!

So what should he do to break through to 30 trillion as soon as possible?

correct!

Divine King Examination!

If he, Di Jiang and others all break through to the realm of the king of gods, there is great hope that they will break through the 30 trillion battle power.

In addition, Liu Xuan and others should also be promoted to the main **** realm!

huh~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, he appeared above a great hall.

In the center of the main hall, there is a giant tower suspended in the sky, one after another, and the end of the top of the tower cannot be seen at a glance!

The height of each layer of the giant tower is comparable to the diameter of a moon, and it is extremely majestic and magnificent!

Look at the tower body again, the whole body is black, with its own colorful rays of light, blooming endlessly!

Qin Feng was extremely satisfied!

This is the pagoda of Qin Yuan Universe!

According to the normal process, the people of the universe of Qin Yuan enter the Buddha Tower and complete the corresponding assessment, and then they can obtain the title of Lord God.

But for the disciples of Long Yuan, there is no need to be so troublesome!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him!

In the next second, one hundred thousand Longyuan disciples appeared one after another!

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

When the disciples saw Qin Feng, they came forward to pay their respects.

And in the next second, they saw the Buddha Tower, showing joy again.

Liu Xuan flew to Qin Feng with a look of excitement.

"Boss, is this the Buddha Tower? Then when I enter it, can I start the title assessment?"

Qin Feng shook his head: "Don't be so troublesome!"

As soon as the voice fell, he made a move!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sky above the hall shook, and a huge projection appeared in the air.

The disciples couldn't help but look up and saw that the projection was extremely huge, shaped like a wooden whip, with a total of twenty-one sections, each section had four sides, each side had a talisman, and each talisman exuded a heaven-shattering aura!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

That is the projection of Qin Yuan Universe's "Fighting God Whip"!

The disciples were amazed!

"Boss, this is you"

At this time, Liu Xuan looked at Qin Feng curiously.

All the disciples also looked at Qin Feng!

Qin Feng hurriedly said: "Hurry up and prepare! I will urge the 'God Whip' to integrate the power of the seal into your body, so that they can quickly advance to the main **** realm!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience cheered!

Ha ha!

This is really good!

They can be promoted to the main **** without an assessment!

This is the advantage of being Qin Feng's son!

Originally, many Long Yuan disciples were still worried that it would be difficult for them to pass the assessment, but now they don't have to worry.

At the moment, the disciples stopped thinking about it and sat on the ground one after another!

Qin Feng hurriedly moved the seal...

Woo~~!

Suddenly, the divine whip projection vibrated, illuminating the heavenly light

Then, the talisman on the projection of the divine whip lit up with dazzling golden light in turn...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Next, the power of the talismans turned into thousands of beams of light, which were projected on the disciples...

Some disciples project the power of eight talismans, some are sixteen, some are twenty, and so on!

Qin Feng has tried his best to improve the rank of the Lord God of his disciples, so that they can obtain the highest strength improvement...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately, all the disciples lit up with golden light, and the momentum skyrocketed all the way!

After a quarter of an hour, the promotion ceremony is over!

All 100,000 disciples have been promoted to the main **** realm!

Qin Feng also put away the phantom and looked away at the disciples...

After looking at it, he showed a gratified smile.

I saw that the strength of the 100,000 children has advanced greatly, and the weakest have more than 1 billion star combat power!

Looking at the more than 600 domain owners, the weakest have 30 trillion stars, and the strongest ones have broken 100 million, which is comparable to the level of **** kings.

In this way, the battle power that the domain masters can sacrifice to him has accumulated more than 2 trillion!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

In this way, he is about 4.5 trillion away from the goal of 30 trillion.

"Hoo~! It's finally done!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and left!

The rest of the trivial matters are left to the mind body to deal with.

He should go to Zixiao Palace and participate in the God King assessment.

That is the most urgent thing!

Calculate the time, the entrance of Zixiao Palace is about to open!

Soon, Qin Feng returned to Starry Sky Plaza!

When he appeared, he looked around and saw thick white fog and triple protective masks all around.

That is the protective mask formed by the three five-sided flags!

At the moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, his eyes penetrated the mask and the fog barrier, and he saw the outside world!

I saw that there were more than 100 players in the outside world, and all of them were more than half-step eternity.

There are only two people who have reached the half-step Great Perfection!

From this, it can be seen that the Half-step Great Perfection is considered a strong player among the contestants!

Qin Feng's strength has surpassed Wujue, and he is the strongest among the strong.

His opponents are the only ones left with the powers of the Eternal Realm.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and put away the plain-colored Yunjie flag, the cyan Baolian flag, and the Zhenwu soap carving flag.

As soon as the spirit flag was collected, it immediately caused the fog to vibrate!

Outside, those players sensed it immediately.

Suddenly, everyone opened their eyes one by one and looked in the direction of the fog...

"Hey! That fog group finally moved!"

"Yeah! The people inside should be coming out. I don't know which fellow Daoist it is?"

"It must be a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse! Only such a powerhouse can release such a level of white fog barrier, so that my gods can't spy on it!"

At this moment, the crowd kept mumbling and staring curiously at the fog group one by one.

They all felt that the player in the fog group was a half-step Great Perfection powerhouse.

These great masters arrived later, and naturally they did not know the truth in the fog.

And the domain masters who knew the truth, such as Qinglong, Tiankui, and Taibai, showed strange expressions.

It was at this moment that the white mist rolled violently.

In the next second, those white mists quickly shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye...

All the players opened their eyes in curiosity!

Huh~~!

Soon, the white fog disappeared, and Qin Feng appeared.

All the bosses saw Qin Feng at a glance, only to think that this person looked very young and strange!

But in the next second, they were shocked to find that Qin Feng was just a master god!

Boom~!

The big guys are dumbfounded!

The eyes are full of unbelievable colors!

Main God Realm? !

Are they right? !

When will the main **** realm enter the Starry Sky Plaza?

"Brother Qin Feng!"

But at this moment, the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord rang out in the field.