Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Humans! Die!"

The voice of the Demon King of Inferno, the sound of the urn, rang like a bell.

No longer the same man's voice as before.

As soon as he finished speaking, he stepped forward and killed Qin Feng.

Chapter 125 Lore! Super harvest!

Boom~Long~Long!

The Demon King of Hell walked across the lava pool in a few steps, carrying the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, killing him in front of Qin Feng, and smashing Qin Feng's face with a single shot.

Boom~!

Gun whistling!

Heaven and earth mighty!

Hundred Stars' full power shot, the power was terrifying, making the world change color.

"Just in time!"

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

The momentum of Qin Feng's sword slashed the sky and the ground, stirring the sky into darkness.

In the blink of an eye, swords and guns collided!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

There was an earth-shattering explosion in the center of the knife and gun!

Centered on Qin Feng and the Demon King of Inferno, in a radius of 1000 meters, the earth burst, rubble flew horizontally, and fiery red magma splashed everywhere.

The whole valley shook!

But in the next second, the Demon King of Hell groaned and retreated.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

His gigantic body, which was about a zhang tall, took more than ten steps back in a row before he stabilized his body.

On the ground, leaving footprints half a foot deep.

On the other hand, Qin Feng stood there, motionless.

This time, it's up to you to judge.

"Hoo~! How is this possible?"

The Demon King of Hell roared.

He is already a hundred-star combat power, a peak human level, and he was actually repelled by this human being.

Could it be that this kid has reached the half-step ground level?

But even a level 20 novice emperor, it is extremely difficult to reach the half-step earth level!

This human is only level 16!

The Demon King of Hell was stunned.

Qin Feng's eyes flashed, and he put on a look of disdain.

"Heh! Earth-level powerhouses with a hundred-star combat power are only as strong!"

The Demon King of Hell was stunned.

Immediately, he sneered: "Ignorance! Do you think that the combat power reaches 100 stars, and you are an earth-level powerhouse? A real earth-level warrior, even if the battle strength is only 100 stars, can crush you with one hand!"

The Demon King of Hell has nothing to say.

That is, without passing the Shengwu assessment, without the transformation of the body by the way of heaven, one cannot become a true earth-level powerhouse.

Even if the combat power exceeds 100 stars, it can only be called the peak of human level.

From the human level to the earth level, it is a big transformation.

Of course, if the body has not been modified, but the combat power reaches 130 stars or more, it can be called a half-step earth level.

Because of this kind of combat power, it is already very close to the ground-level powerhouse with 100-star combat power.

In other words, prefecture-level powerhouses can surpass human-level powerhouses.

Qin Feng's combat power has not yet reached 130 stars, but he has many talents, a lot of advanced equipment, and is better at fighting at higher ranks.

Therefore, the performance of his knife just now was very similar to that of a half-step Earth-level powerhouse.

"It turns out that you are not even an Earth-level powerhouse! So, there is a huge gap in strength between you and the Heavenly Punisher!"

Qin Feng deliberately mocked.

The Demon King of Hell was furious: "Damn human beings! Put away your little thoughts, you can't inquire about the news from this deity. Just based on the situation of your Longyuan Village, it is ridiculous to try to pass the punishment test!"

"Even if you create a guardian altar, even if you become an earth-level warrior, it won't save you. However, without waiting for the Heavenly Punisher to take action, the deity will be able to destroy you today!"

As soon as the words fell, the Demon King of Inferno Hell attacked Qin Feng again.

Hearing those, Qin Feng's heart tensed.

From the disdainful tone of the Hell Demon King, it could be heard that the difficulty of Heavenly Punishment in Longyuan Village must be doubled.

Even if he has the strength of the prefecture level, and the help of guarding the altar, he will not be able to withstand the punishment test.

Is it really that difficult?

No matter that much, he will open the map first.

At this moment, the Demon King of Inferno had already killed him and shot Qin Feng's chest.

Boom~!

That shot of fire was terrifying, burning the sky and boiling the sea.

Qin Feng slanted his figure and avoided the shot.

At the same time, there was a flash of light in his hand!𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Swish~!

Kacha~!

That knife actually split the Demon King in half.

Bang~! Bang~!

The two corpses of the Demon King crashed to the ground, causing the ground to tremble slightly.

But in the next second, the two corpses melted automatically, turning into two pools of fiery red magma, which converged and flowed to the magma pool on the side, merging with all the magma.

what!

This monster can turn into magma

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

Suddenly, the mutation regenerated.

Boom~Long~Long!

I saw that in the pool, countless magma suddenly surged violently.

After a while, a huge demon body slowly rose from the bottom of the pool.

The Demon King of Inferno appears again!

He is resurrected!

The momentum is still at the peak, as if he has never been injured.

It turned out that the demon king could be reborn with the help of a lava pool, and it only took a few seconds to complete it.

In this way, as long as this Demon King stands by the lava pool, he cannot be killed.

"It turns out that this is still possible!" Qin Feng looked calm.

The Demon King smiled smugly: "Jie! Jie! Humans, in the realm of the deity, you can never kill the deity! You will never be able to pass this mission! Haha!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's not necessarily!"

The Demon King sneered: "Okay! The deity will have to see how you passed my mission."

As soon as the words fell, he rushed towards Qin Feng again.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Qin Feng.

Qin Feng quickly raised his sword to fight.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In this way, the two sides fought again.

All of a sudden, the field was shattered, and the sun and the moon were nowhere to be seen!

Kacha~!

puff~!

Suddenly a crisp sound!

Blood soared!

Qin Feng slashed the Demon King in half with another knife.

Boom~!

The Demon King's body collapsed suddenly, turning into a pool of magma, and then like water, it quickly flowed to the magma pool on the side.

At this moment, the magma transformed by the Demon King is only a foot away from the lava pool.

And Qin Feng and the Demon King are several feet apart.

He wants to prevent the Demon King from escaping into the magma, which theoretically is too late.

In fact, the Demon King had long been prepared and did not dare to get too far from the lava pool at all times.

At this moment, the Demon King was only half a foot away from the lava pool, and he was about to escape again.

Qin Feng was already prepared.

Swish~!

I saw that he suddenly turned into three, and two phantom clones appeared.

One of the clones quickly stood behind Qin Feng.

Whoo~!

There was a string of flames in the avatar's hand, which was like a beacon in this dark night, and it looked particularly bright.

At this moment, the flames illuminated Qin Feng's shadow and projected it beside the lava pool, covering the magma transformed by the devil.

At this moment, the magma transformed by the devil is rapidly flowing into the magma pool.

Suddenly, he sensed that the light and shadow dimmed, and he was shrouded in Qin Feng's shadow.

However, he didn't feel anything and continued to flow to the lava pool.

But at this moment, Qin Feng pinched the seal.

Tier 3 Skill - Shadow Binding!

launch!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Countless black tentacles emerged from Qin Feng's shadow and turned into a web of darkness, binding the Demon King in place and preventing him from escaping to the lava pool.

roar~! roar~!

The Demon King was shocked and struggled desperately, trying to break free from the shackles of those tentacles.