Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The next second, everyone saw the Azure Dragon Domain Lord get up and walked towards Qin Feng with joy...

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord sat in the square for four hours, and finally waited for Qin Feng to leave the customs.

Seeing that the Azure Dragon Domain Lord greeted Qin Feng enthusiastically, those bosses were even more surprised...

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, an exclamation suddenly sounded above the square.

"Hey! Look! Lord Lu Yadao is here!"

"Daojun Lu Ya?! My God! That's the existence of the Eternal Realm!"

Hearing these voices, the big bosses were startled and looked up...

Qin Feng was also moved, and quickly looked up...

I saw in the starry sky in the distance, a strong man, stepping on the fairy gourd, with the eternal light wheel shining behind him, is flying towards the starry sky square without any hassle!

Before the strong man arrived, the supreme heavenly might inadvertently radiated from his body, which enveloped tens of billions of miles of starry sky, making everyone awe-inspiring!

Even those arrogant half-step eternal powers stood up one after another, ready to meet Lu Yadaojun, their expressions were incomparable awe.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng has long been surprised.

In this world where strength is respected, the strong will be respected wherever they go.

What's more, in the next inheritance assessment, the Eternal Realm Great Master has three chances to play.

Anyone who dares to offend them, if they are in a bad mood, will kill them on the spot.

Because of this, the players in the field got up one after another, all wanting to give Lu Yadaojun a good impression.

In fact, these players are not only afraid of the power of the Eternal Realm, but also the powerhouse of the Five Absolutes and the Half-step Great Perfection!

These are strong men who can withstand the punishment of heaven, and they cannot be easily offended.

Especially the powerhouses above the five absolutes, they are even more afraid!

The powerhouse of the Five Absolutes can also kill a half-step Great Perfection, so the players are naturally extremely fearful!

However, Qin Feng does not have so much awe!

With his current strength, if he uses seven-kill transformation and combat power sacrifice, his comprehensive combat power can break through 50 trillion stars.

Coupled with the magical powers, six prisons, and three Taoist weapons, the attack can be multiplied by 5.5 times.

Half-step Eternal Realm attacks are generally more than tripled.

The attack of the Eternal Realm is generally more than five times.

In this way, the low-level eternal power can no longer kill Qin Feng in seconds.

And Qin Feng looked at the momentum of Lu Yadaojun, it seems that it is of low grade!

Is Lu Yadaojun?

Such a familiar name!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he couldn't help thinking that there was a mythical figure in the myth of Longbi, whose name was also Daojun Lu Ya, and his origin was very mysterious!

There are even rumors like this: Hongjun came first and then Heaven, and Lord Lu Yadao is still ahead!

Judging from this information alone, you can see the extraordinaryness of Daojun Lu Ya!

Looking at Daojun Lu Ya of this universe, he is already a power in the Eternal Realm, which is not surprising.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the anxious voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord suddenly came from the side.

"Lord Qin Feng! Hurry up! Hurry up and salute Daojun Lu Ya! Don't look directly at him! If Daojun Lu Ya is annoyed, it will be detrimental to your inheritance assessment!"

Speaking of this, the tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was a little anxious.

He is also concerned.

Qin Feng couldn't help but turn his head to look, and saw that the Qinglong domain master had lowered his head, posing in a gesture of bowing his hands, and respectfully waiting for the arrival of Daojun Lu Ya.

Look at the other Half-Step Eternal players, all of them saluted and waited in place, without exception.

On the contrary, Qin Feng was alone, standing in the same place without any expression, which was particularly eye-catching.

Because of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord hastily reminded him not to offend an eternal power because of etiquette!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng hesitated...

But without waiting for Qin Feng to think, the starry sky in the distance projected two eyes.

It was that Lu Yadaojun who came to see it!

Lu Yadaojun was in a good mood!

Before the others arrived, the half-step great masters stood up to greet him, which can be said to have given him enough face!

It's just that he didn't expect that there was a young man among these people who didn't salute him!

This made him a little unhappy!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Having said that, this young man looks very strange, not like one of the three thousand domain masters!

That person is...

Lu Yadaojun's eyes traveled hundreds of millions of miles in an instant, and fell on Qin Feng like a substance...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the center of the square roared constantly!

A golden door of light appeared, and the entrance of Zixiao Palace opened...

Chapter 1011: Mountains and Rivers, Sheji! New messenger!

As soon as the door of light opened, all the players looked at it!

They finally waited until the entrance opened!

Qin Feng is even more overjoyed!

After learning that there would be danger this time, he couldn't wait to participate in the God King assessment, and wanted to break through to 30 trillion battle power as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to enter the Zixiao Palace.

It was at this moment that he sensed a pair of eyes, which fell on him as if they were real.

He couldn't help turning his head to look, just in time to see Lu Yadaojun.

The two sides immediately looked at each other!

But the next second, Lu Yadaojun's eyes showed stunned color!

It turned out that he could see at a glance that this young man was only a master god!

No way? !

When will the main **** realm enter the Starry Sky Plaza?

Or that this kid has a secret technique to cover up his realm, but he just pretends to be the main **** realm, but in fact it is half an eternity!

Just when Lu Yadaojun was thinking about it, Qin Feng heard the voice of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord again behind him.

"Lord Qin Feng, hurry up and salute to Lord Daojun! Lord Daojun is watching you!"

The tone of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord was extremely anxious.

He saw Lu Yadaojun staring at Qin Feng, and his expression was a little unhappy, which made him very anxious.

He didn't want Qin Feng to have an accident!

In this inheritance assessment, every Eternal Power is an uncrowned king and can never be offended.

Even if he knows that the strength and ability of Lord Qin Feng is overwhelming, he is not an opponent of the eternal power!

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master became even more anxious.

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, and he couldn't help but look around, and found that those half-step eternal powers were still standing still!

They were still waiting for the arrival of Daojun Lu Ya, and no one dared to take the initiative to enter the Zixiao Palace.

It seems that Daojun Lu Ya is not there, so they dare not enter rashly.

But Qin Feng's time is precious, and he doesn't want to wait in place.

Looking at the look in Lu Yadaojun's eyes, he was already a little unhappy, I was afraid that it would be a little embarrassing to meet in a while.

That being the case, why did he still wait in place?

It is better to enter the temple first and participate in the examination of the king of gods!

When he is promoted to the realm of the king of gods, it is estimated that the combat power will reach 30 trillion.

At that time, he will not be afraid of Lu Yadaojun.

With this in mind, Qin Feng strode towards the front door of light

His action immediately shocked the audience!

All the half-step masters looked at Qin Feng with stunned expressions.

The Azure Dragon Domain Master was even more dumbfounded!

Lord Qin Feng behaved like this, obviously he didn't take Lu Yadaojun in his eyes!

really!

When Lu Yadaojun saw this scene, his brows were furrowed, and his face was sullen.

All the players are waiting for his arrival, but this kid is neither salute nor waiting, he is clearly ignoring him!

snort! Today, he would like to see why this kid who seems to be in the realm of the gods is so arrogant!

Swish~!

Thinking of this, Lu Yadaojun also accelerated and rushed towards the Starry Sky Plaza.

In just a short while, Qin Feng stepped into the door of light under the watchful eyes of the public.

There was an uproar in the audience!

Those half-step masters looked at each other face to face, and they all felt incredible.

You must know that even the powerhouses of the Five Absolutes would not dare to ignore Daojun Lu Ya!

The Azure Dragon Domain Lord stared blankly at Qin Feng's disappearing back, and his heart sank.

Around the square, the tens of thousands of onlookers were all stunned!

In the crowd, Qingdi and Rafa were already dumbfounded!

It took a while for the two to react, and they couldn't help but look at each other face to face.

"Hey! Lord Qingdi, Lord Qin Feng is a little impulsive, right? He actually ignored the arrival of Daojun Lu Ya and entered the Zixiao Palace first. This is disrespectful to Daojun!"

Raphael smiled wryly.

Qin Feng is the last hope to judge God's Domain!

He naturally didn't want Qin Feng to be in trouble.

Emperor Qing also smiled bitterly: "Yeah! In this inheritance assessment, you must not offend the Great Master of Eternal Realm! Brother Qin Feng did this, I'm afraid that he would offend him. How should this be? Hey!"

As soon as these words fell, Emperor Qing felt quite self-blame in his heart.

In his opinion, perhaps Qin Feng is too young to know the hidden rules of inheritance assessment.

That is to absolutely respect the power of the eternal realm!

In the previous assessment, it is not unusual for the Eternal Realm Great Expert to kill half-step Eternal because he was in a bad mood during the assessment.

Especially those players with no background, as long as they make the Eternal Realm boss unhappy, they will often be killed on the spot!

And Qin Feng's current situation is that of a player with no background!

Thinking of this, the two of Qingdi are even more worried.

Qin Feng naturally didn't know what Qingdi and others thought.

At this time, Qin Feng had passed through the gate of light and entered the hall of a temple.

The hall was incomparably huge, and there was a huge monument in the center, which was engraved with divine inscriptions, and the content was an introduction to Zixiao Palace.