Lord Lu Ya is finally going to take action against Qin Feng, which is something they love to hear.

In the crowd, the face of the Azure Dragon Domain Master changed slightly again.

Afterwards, he sighed secretly, and silently looked at the entrance of Yunxiao Palace.

He knew that Qin Feng was going to be promoted to the God King realm.

Now, he can only hope that Qin Feng will be able to withstand the blow of Daojun Lu Ya after he is promoted to the realm of the gods.

It's just that he feels that this expectation is a little slim!

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing in the hall of Yunxiao Palace, looking at the scene in front of him in amazement.

Chapter 1012: The Cauldron of the Universe! All-natural comprehension!

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing in the hall of Yunxiao Palace, looking at the scene in front of him in amazement...

I saw an incomparably huge picture scroll in front of me, suspended in mid-air, its size was comparable to a planet, exuding boundless heavenly might, incomparably magnificent!

Take a closer look at the texture of the picture scroll, it is like silk and paper, and the sky is shining brightly, illuminating the entire hall, the momentum is amazing!

Looking at the pictures on the scroll, there are heaven and earth, mountains, rivers and mountains, sun, moon and stars, strange things, flowers and trees, birds and beasts, Yinhe leylines and so on.

Qin Feng sensed at a glance that there are thousands of big worlds hidden in this picture scroll, and each big world is comparable to a life planet, which has nurtured hundreds of millions of lives, and they are all between birth and death, and the reincarnation is constant!

It's like a miniature universe!

The difference is that the life level of all living beings in this picture scroll is generally mortal level, the highest is only heaven level, and their lifespans are extremely limited!

This is an amazing picture!

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he peeped at the picture scroll...

[Map of the Mountains and Rivers: The device of the avenue, the master cannot be recognized, only the master of the universe can control it]

[This picture contains the 'Road of Creation' and the 'Road of Good Fortune', which are the main creation and creation of the world, and are the place where the king of gods aspires.]

[Reminder: Enter this picture to participate in the God King assessment]

[Reminder: The assessment of the king of gods is biased towards enlightenment, and the strength is equally important]

[Reminder: The God King assessment is divided into nine levels, ranging from the first-level to the nine-level! One tripod is the weakest, and nine tripods are the strongest! 】

[Reminder: The first-level assessment threshold, the basic combat power reaches 5 billion stars, you can enter the assessment! 】

[Reminder: The threshold of the second-level assessment, you need to pass the first-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 100 million stars or more, you can enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The threshold for the three-level assessment is that you need to pass the second-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 200 million stars or more to enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The threshold of the Siding-level assessment, you need to pass the Sanding-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 500 million stars or more, you can enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The threshold of the five-level assessment, you need to pass the four-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 100 million stars or more, you can enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The threshold of the six-level assessment, you need to pass the five-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 200 million stars or more, you can enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The threshold of the Qiding-level assessment, you need to pass the Liuding-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 500 million stars or more, you can enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The eight-level assessment threshold is required to pass the Qi-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 1 trillion stars or more to enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The Jiuding-level assessment threshold is required to pass the Qiding-level assessment, and the basic combat power reaches 2 trillion stars or more to enter the assessment]

[Reminder: The highest-level god-king has been born in this universe so far. It is a seven-level god-king, and a god-king above the eight-level level has not yet been born]

[Reminder: The first Bading-level God King to win the local universe will receive additional awards]

[Reminder: The first Jiuding-level God King to win the local universe will receive additional awards]

[Reminder: If the combat power reaches more than 5 trillion and passes the Jiuding-level assessment, it can be activated as a special god-king assessment]

[Reminder: If the combat power reaches more than 10 trillion, the special God King assessment with double difficulty can be activated, and the reward will be doubled]

[Reminder: If the combat power reaches more than 20 trillion, the special God King assessment with triple difficulty can be activated, and the reward can be quadrupled]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned!

It turns out that this God King assessment is biased towards enlightenment, but there are also combat power threshold requirements!

The lowest first-level God King assessment requires a combat power of 5 billion stars to participate in the assessment.

5 billion star combat power, that is the threshold of combat power for the quasi-god king.

Qin Feng was enlightened for a while, so it was!

Having said that, the higher the rank of God King obtained, the more benefits you will get.

As for how much the Jiuding-level God King can increase, Qin Feng is still unclear.

In a word, this God King assessment cannot be accomplished overnight.

Those who can obtain the Jiuding-level Divine King must also obtain all the rewards of the previous eight levels.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

What's even better is that his combat power has exceeded 20 trillion stars, and he can also activate the special God King assessment with three times the difficulty!

The benefits are even greater!

"No wonder Qingdi would say that the time spent on this God King assessment is unpredictable. Now it seems that the higher the level of God King, the more time it takes!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He must pass the special Divine King assessment with three times the difficulty.

In this way, he would have to go through at least ten assessments, which would take even more time.

It seems that he ignored Lu Yadaojun and was right to arrive here at the first time.

If you argue with Daojun Lu Ya, it will take some time, or you will miss the Zixiao inheritance assessment.

After all, time is too precious for Qin Feng!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng didn't delay, he waved quickly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Suddenly, white light flashed in the field!

Di Jiang, Jumang, Houtu, Xiaoluan'er, Yu Xuanji and other confidantes of the children have appeared one after another!

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Everyone saw Qin Feng as soon as they appeared, and they were all happy to see each other.

Afterwards, they saw the 'Map of Mountains and Rivers, Society and Ji', and they were amazed one by one!

"Wow! This picture is so big!"

"Hey! Sister Luan, look! The animals in the picture can move! They are all alive! The water is also flowing!"

Seeing this, Hou Tu, Tian Hao and other little guys seemed particularly excited.

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qi Yue and other confidants carefully spy on the picture scroll.

After this peep, they showed joy.

"Master! It turns out that this is the map of Shanhe Sheji! You have already arrived at the Zixiao Palace!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Yes! If you are ready, go to the Shanhe Society Jitu for the assessment!"

Yu Xuanji said happily: "My concubine is already ready! I just took a look. With my current combat power, I can participate in the examination of the **** king at the Wuding level at the highest!"

"Master, the concubine can also meet the requirements of the Five Tripods!"

Feng Xi also said happily.

"Dad! Dad! I also hope to participate in the fifth level!"

At this time, Hou Tu on the side also said in a milky voice, with two big watery eyes looking straight at Qin Feng, looking forward to praise!

Qin Feng pinched the little guy's face dotingly, and said with a smile, "Little girl, you did a great job!"

In the five-tier assessment, the threshold of combat power is 100 million stars.

Houtu's current combat power is 95 billion stars, and it has not yet reached 100 million stars.

However, as long as Houtu passes the first, second, third, and fourth assessments in a row, its combat power will inevitably exceed 100 million stars, and naturally there is hope to participate in the Wuding assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at his subordinates...

I saw that everyone's strength has soared, Dijiang and Jumang have broken 1.6 billion stars!

The weakest, Hongyun and Qingchengzi, both had a combat power of 75 billion stars.

As long as Hongyun and Qingchengzi can successfully pass the first four-level assessment, there is also hope that their combat power will exceed 100 million before the Wuding-level assessment, and then there is hope to participate in the Wuding-level assessment!

In other words, Qin Feng's confidants and subordinates all have the hope of participating in the Wuding-level assessment!

Di Jiang, Jumang, Yu Xuanji, and Feng Xi are also expected to participate in the Liuding-level assessment.

A six-tiered **** king!

The highest person in this universe is only the Seventh Level Divine King, and the Sixth Level is already extremely powerful!

In the same way, the Wuding level is hardly one among hundreds of millions of people!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

This time, the strength of the subordinates has improved greatly!

If you break through the God King again, then the combat power of sacrificing him will be even more impressive!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "Time is precious! If you are ready, go to the assessment as soon as possible!"

"Yes! Master (Dad)!"

Everyone complied!

At the moment, Yu Xuanji, Xiao Luan'er and the others all fled to the 'Shanhe Society Jitu'!

In the blink of an eye, they flew to the side of the Sheji map, turned into white lights, were swallowed in, and disappeared!

Suddenly, Qin Feng was alone in the hall.

"I should go too!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and stepped into the air to rise!

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart, and his eyes lit up.

Immediately afterwards, his figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the small universe and appeared in a secret room...

I saw eleven spirit eggs placed in the secret room!

They are Di Jun, Tai Yi, Yao Chi, Fu Xi, Zhu Jiu Yin, She Bi Shi, Di Shou, Xuan Ming, Xi Zi, Qiang Liang, Kun Peng.

At this moment, Dijun and Taiyi's spiritual eggs were shining brightly, and countless cracks appeared on their eggshells...

Di Jun and Tai Yi are about to hatch at this moment!

What a surprise!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised!

What he needs most now is to improve his combat power to ensure that he can tide over this difficulty...

The hatching of Di Jun and Tai Yi could just add two messengers to him.

The two vacancies for the Supreme Messenger of Heaven are still reserved for them!

And for each additional messenger subordinate, the more sacrificial power he obtains, and the success rate of inheritance will also increase.

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly walked towards Di Jun and Tai Yi Ling Egg...

Pa~!

Before Qin Feng approached, the Dijun Spirit Egg cracked first, making a clear crisp sound!

At this moment, the gap in the eggshell released a dazzling golden light, illuminating the entire secret room...

Qin Feng quickly looked through the gap in the eggshell, and saw that there was a golden light inside the spirit egg, like a golden sun, shining with dazzling light...