Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

And within the ray of light was a six- to seven-month-old little baby, who looked white and tender, chubby, but had a noble temperament.

At this moment, Xiaonenwa is curling up inside, hugging her body with Bai Nen's little hands, and falling asleep...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The cracking of the spiritual egg seemed to startle the little nenwa.

His long eyelashes trembled slightly, the aura of the avenue began to spread, and his body began to grow at a speed visible to the naked eye...

This Emperor Jun is about to be born!

Pa~!

But at this moment, the Taiyi Spirit Egg also cracked!

That crack emits a stronger aura, and the breath is stronger...

Qin Feng looked through the gap again, and saw a similar situation, and there was also a golden light inside...

It didn't take long for Di Jun's spirit egg to crack completely. A little one-year-old baby was trying to break open the eggshell in front of him, and looked out curiously...

The moment he saw Qin Feng, he immediately climbed out of the eggshell with joy, and staggered towards Qin Feng...

"Dad...Dad! Daddy...Dad...!"

Di Jun's voice was extremely tender, and his intimacy with Qin Feng was beyond words.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Pa~! Pa~!

At this moment, the Taiyi spirit egg was also completely cracked, and another little doll carved out of pink and jade climbed out of the spirit egg and ran towards Qin Feng with a look of joy, staggering all the way!

""dad! dad…! "

Taiyi was also born, and the little guy was also milky.

The two little dolls ran over quickly, each one hugged his thigh, extremely intimate.

Qin Feng was also very happy, he fondly touched the heads of the two little guys, and looked at them...

After looking at it, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

The two little guys were born in the main **** realm, and have more than 200 million combat power, and they have a lot of avenues.

Qin Feng took another look, and was pleasantly surprised to find that among the 12 avenues that Di Jiang had mastered, 4 of them were not awakened by him.

Of the 13 great avenues that Taiyi has mastered, 5 are not awakened by him.

If he shares his insights with these two little guys, wouldn't he be able to awaken the nine avenues!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to recruit these two little guys as messengers...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

The Fuxi Spirit Egg and the Yaochi Spirit Egg not far away also heard cracking sounds at this moment...

In the next second, the two spiritual eggs were full of aura, and they exuded an amazing aura of the Great Dao...

Qin Feng was surprised and delighted!

He didn't expect that Fuxi and Yaochi's spirit eggs would hatch!

In this way, he can have two more messengers to help.

Those two little guys hatched just in time!

At the moment, Qin Feng is waiting for the two spirit eggs to hatch...

A moment later, Fuxi and Yaochi all hatched...

At this time, there were three little boys in front of Qin Feng, and a little girl who was carved in pink and jade.

That little girl is Yaochi, the Queen Mother of the West.

Like Taiyi and Di Jun, she is also in the main **** realm, and her combat power has also broken through 200 million stars.

Fuxi also has the same realm and strength.

"Dad...Dad! Dad...Dad!"

"Dad! Daddy!"

At this moment, Fuxi, Di Jun, and Taiyi are all scrambling to call Qin Feng's father.

"Lord...man! Lord...man!"

On the side of Yaochi, he called out to the master in a milky voice.

Qin Feng was stunned, looking at this cute little girl with a lot of thoughts.

This little girl is different from other pets of war. When she was born, she did not recognize herself as a father, but called her master.

It seems that the last wish of Yaochi Jinmu has worked.

This little girl was reincarnated, not to be his daughter, but to be his concubine, that's how it is!

Why! This is also evil!

That's it! let it go!

Looking at Yaochi's cute appearance, Qin Feng shook his head helplessly.

I don't want so much anymore!

Time is precious!

It's time for him to recruit these little guys.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke his fingers and condensed blood, and condensed the Supreme Divine Seal in the air...

In just a moment, a supreme messenger seal exuding the light of the Holy Spirit condensed in the air...

The next second, Qin Feng pressed a finger to Di Jun's eyebrows!

Then, at a speed visible to the naked eye, the divine seal slowly penetrated into the depths of Di Jun's eyebrows...

The supreme soul contract, start the 2.2 knot!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Reminder: You are recruiting the pet 'Di Jun' as the 'Supreme Envoy' of the heavens...]

【Successful solicitation! 'Di Jun' has become the 'Supreme Envoy' of the heaven, and he can sacrifice all his combat power to you]

Solicitation is complete!

Very smooth!

Qin Feng smiled slightly, broke the blood again, and began to recruit Taiyi, Yaochi, Fuxi...

[Reminder: You are recruiting the pet 'Taiyi' as the 'Supreme Deputy' of the heavens...]

【Successful solicitation! 'Taiyi' has become the 'Supreme Deputy' of the heavens, and he can sacrifice all his combat power to you]

[Reminder: You are recruiting the pet 'Yao Chi' as the 'Jiutian Zhen Temple Master'...]

【Successful solicitation! 'Yao Chi' has become the 'Jiutian Zhen Temple Master', which can sacrifice all its combat power to you]

[Reminder: You are recruiting the pet 'Fu Xi' to be the 'Master of the Daluo Heaven Realm'...]

【Successful solicitation! 'Fuxi' has become the 'Master of the Daluo Heaven Realm', and he can sacrifice all his combat power to you]

...

After a while, the four envoys were all recruited!

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

The Lord of the Nine Heavens True God Temple, in charge of the order of conferring gods in the True God Temple!

The Lord of the Daluo Heaven Realm, is in charge of the order in the Temple of Merit!

The status of the two is equal to those of the messengers, and they can also sacrifice combat power to Qin Feng.

At this point, all the envoys in Qin Feng's hands have been used up!

He also gave a satisfied smile.

"It's all done! Now let's start sharing insights! Who comes first?"

Qin Feng looked at the four little guys expectantly.

They all have the avenues Qin Feng needs.

"Dad...Dad! Me! Me! I'll come first!"

Di Jun was the first to speak.

He didn't know what Qin Feng was going to do, but he only knew that he was the first to hatch, so he should come first...

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Then let's start with you!"

Immediately, he broke the blood and blood, ready to share the avenue...

The 1013th chapter is the best! Seven levels in a row!

In just a moment, Qin Feng drew a golden rune in the air and pressed it between the eyebrows of Di Jun...

【The establishment of perception sharing is successful! You are sharing your insights on the avenue with your pet 'Di Jun'...]

【Share success! You got the insight of the 'Forbidden Avenue' from Di Jun, and you began to awaken the acquired avenue—the Forbidden Avenue...]

【Share success! You got the insight of 'Wenzhi Dao' from Di Jun, and you began to awaken the Dao of the Day After Tomorrow—The Dao of Wen...]

【Share success! You got the insight of 'Wu Zhi Dao' from Di Jun, and you began to awaken the Dao of Houtian - the Dao of Wu...]

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lights up one after another, and his momentum is also improving...

In this way, he and the four little guys began to share insights!

After a moment, all sharing is over!

Qin Feng's fingers moved away from Yaochi's eyebrows!

Jade Pool is the last shared object!

As soon as he opened his eyes, Qin Feng's eyes filled with joy.

These four new-born little guys have awakened 19 avenues of the day after tomorrow, and so far he has mastered 1917 avenues!

His basic combat power has also increased to 21.54 trillion stars!

This is a very good progress!

What's even better is that the four little guys have become his messengers, and now they can sacrifice about 900 million combat power to him.

As long as it is cultivated a little more, the combat power of the sacrifice will be increased several times.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the four little guys.

"You are too young! You are only level 1 now! Then, the four of you will retreat here and refine the resources I gave you!"

Having said that, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the four storage rings flew to the four of Di Jun.

The four little guys caught the storage ring subconsciously, all with a confused look on their faces.

They had just been born and knew so little about the world that they didn't even know what the storage ring was for.

Qin Feng smiled and said: "Little guys, these four storage rings contain a lot of fortune-level resources, as well as energy stones to help you upgrade, and Taiqing Daojing suitable for your refining!"

"When you refine the resources of the storage ring, not only can the level break through 60, but the combat power can also reach 500 million stars. At that time, Dad will let you out and let you participate in the God King assessment!"

After listening to these words, the four of Di Jun nodded as if they didn't understand.

Qin Feng 21 smiled and waved his hand, and the four mind bodies appeared out of thin air.

The next second, he dodged and left...

The next thing is left to the four mind bodies.

Guided by the four mind bodies, the growth rate of the four little guys must be extremely fast!