Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After all, when the level 1 main **** realm grows up, there is no bottleneck, and it is easy to improve, and its combat power will skyrocket, like a volcano erupting.

Qin Feng is still looking forward to them.

If the four of Di Jun can also break through to the realm of the king of gods, then the sacrifice of combat power he obtains will be able to add hundreds of billions of stars.

Exciting to think about!

huh~!

With the flash of white light, Qin Feng returned to the Yunxiao Palace!

At this moment, he looked up at the map of the mountains and rivers in front of him, and his heart was full of expectations...

Next, it was time for him to take part in the God King assessment.

I hope this time, he can make it to the last level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a step and rose into the air...

Immediately afterwards, he took two steps in the direction of the scroll, and he arrived in front of the scroll...

When he was less than a hundred feet away from the picture scroll, he suddenly turned into a white light and was sucked into the picture scroll...

After a while, he reached the sky above the sky and stood on a sea of ​​clouds...

Qin Feng looked down at the sea of ​​​​clouds, and there were flowers, plants, trees, insects, fish, flowers and birds, birds and beasts...

It is a living world full of life!

It's just that the life level of those creatures is extremely low, and they are all at the ordinary level, not even an earth level!

In addition, Qin Feng stood above the clouds and could clearly see everything below...

And all kinds of creatures and plants below are ignorant of Qin Feng in the sky.

He is like a god, looking down on all living beings.

Soon, Qin Feng withdrew his gaze and looked around the clouds...

I saw that within ten thousand miles, there were twelve figures sitting cross-legged above the clouds, overlooking the hundreds of millions of creatures below, their brows furrowed, and their faces were full of thought.

Those twelve figures were exactly the twelve people including Di Jiang, Jumang, and Yu Xuanji.

At this moment, they were shrouded in twelve golden beams of light, and everyone entered a state of assessment against time.

Even when Qin Feng came to the clouds, they didn't notice it.

At this moment, in the eyes of Di Jiang and others, there are only flowers, plants, insects, fish, birds and beasts below...

They seem to be trying to find the law of the Dao...

Seeing this, Qin Feng looked away from his subordinates and looked at the sky above.

I saw that above the nine heavens, a giant cauldron projection was suspended.

The giant cauldron projection is extremely huge, with a diameter of hundreds of millions of miles, comparable to a continent.

What makes people strange is that the creatures below don't seem to see the projection, and only the appraisers can see it.

Take a closer look at the projection of the giant cauldron, the whole body is black, and there are Dao patterns such as Tai Chi, Liangyi, and Sixiang, which are engraved on the bottom of the cauldron, forming a yin and yang fish pattern!

Looking at the body of the tripod, there are eight sides, and there are eight hexagrams inscribed with Gan, Kun, Dui, Li, Kan, Gen, Zhen and Xun.

Looking at the lower part of the tripod, there are four legs, which are carved with patterns of wood, fire, gold and water, symbolizing spring, summer, autumn and winter.

At this time, the giant cauldron projected twelve golden beams of light, covering the twelve people including Di Jiang.

Qin Feng can sense that there are endless rhymes in those golden beams of light...

It's just that he hasn't figured out what the giant cauldron projection in the air has to do with this Divine King assessment?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng peeped at the giant cauldron projection...

[Tao-level projection: This projection is from the cross-border projection of the 'Qiankun Ding'! 】

[Qiankun Cauldron: Dao-level wonders, the only one in the universe! 】

[Reminder: Qiankun Cauldron is in charge of the heaven and earth, and you can see the three thousand avenues. With the blessing of the light of its spirit Cauldron, the understanding of the players can be increased a hundred times! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng suddenly realized!

It turned out that the projection of the giant cauldron in the sky was the projection of the Tao-level strange object 'Qiankun cauldron'!

And the Qiankun Cauldron is one of the sharp tools to improve understanding and spy on the Three Thousand Avenues.

This made him understand that the twelve golden lights projected by the giant cauldron were the lights of the spirit cauldron.

Under the shroud of the light of the Lingding Cauldron, the comprehension of the twelve people in Dijiang increased a hundred times, and it was easier to comprehend the Dao.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Only when this thought came, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge received a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[Assessment reminder: Welcome contestant 'Qin Feng' to enter the first-level assessment area! 】

[Nine levels of Taoism! Nine points of heaven and earth! 】

[The comprehension of the Three Thousand avenues can be divided into nine levels! 】

[Ranked 3,000th to 2,500th, Houtian Dao is the most comprehensible Dao, also known as the first-level! 】

[Among all living beings in the heaven and earth below, there is a Dao of the highest level, which is the easiest to comprehend! 】

[Under the blessing of the 'Light of Lingding', the comprehension of the contestants has improved a hundred times, and then observe all things in the world and understand the avenues of a cauldron]

[If the contestant realizes a 'one-level avenue' within 10 hours, it means that they pass the assessment and can get the promotion reward of the **** king! 】

[The rules have been announced! Players please get ready! When the light of the spirit cauldron arrives, the assessment timing will begin...]

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

No wonder Di Jiang and others are looking down at the creatures below. It turns out that they want to understand the first-level avenue from the bodies of flowers, insects, birds and fish.

Qin Feng didn't dare to neglect, and quickly sat cross-legged in the cloud, getting ready...

Om~!

At this moment, the giant cauldron projected a clear sound, and cast a dazzling golden beam of light, directly covering Qin Feng's whole body...

As soon as the beam of light enveloped, an invisible force poured directly into the sea of ​​consciousness, and into his soul body!

Qin Fengdun's consciousness increased rapidly, and it soared a hundredfold in a blink of an eye...

A clear-eyed artistic conception was suddenly born!

He seems to be about to enter a state of epiphany in the next moment...

It was at this moment that the heavenly reminder came...

[Assessment timing starts: 0…1…]

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, he quickly sent out his spiritual thoughts and looked down at the heaven and earth below...

According to this assessment rule, the quicker the customs clearance, the better.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Boom~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's consciousness swept across the whole world below...

Soon, his attention fell on a field of weeds.

Under the slightly withered weeds, there is a pile of small loose earthbags!

Beneath the earthbag, there is a small cave,

At this moment, a group of black ants the size of a grain of rice entered and exited the cave.

It turned out to be an ant nest!

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, his divine consciousness infiltrated into the lair...

He saw the queen ants laying eggs, the busy worker ants, the soldier ants patrolling back and forth, and the newly hatched young ants...

Unconsciously, Qin Feng felt something...

At the same time, above the clouds.

Di Jiang, Jumang and others also sensed the movement of the projection of the Qiankun Cauldron, and couldn't help but retract their minds to look at the source of the movement, and naturally saw Qin Feng.

Di Jiang, Jumang and others all showed joy.

Dad finally entered the examination room!

They had already been assessed for a quarter of an hour before Dad arrived, and he didn't know what he was doing outside.

Having said that, after a quarter of an hour's examination, they still found nothing!

This Divine King assessment focuses on comprehension and is extremely difficult!

Even with the blessing of Qiankun Cauldron, their comprehension has skyrocketed a hundredfold, and it will be difficult for them to comprehend the Dao of the Cauldron from this world for a while.

You know, the first-level avenue is still the easiest to understand!

If it is replaced by the second-level avenue in the back, it will be even more difficult to understand!

At this moment, Di Jiang and other talents realized that this God King's assessment of combat power is the threshold, and comprehension is the foundation!

Just thinking about it makes them feel stressed.

Afterwards, they didn't dare to waste time or disturb Qin Feng, so they took their eyes back and threw themselves into the observation of this world again...

Just as they retracted their gazes, Qin Feng moved.

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyelashes trembled, and there was a sudden look in his eyes.

In the next second, he closed his eyes, and the whole person entered an ethereal state of epiphany...

In just one minute of observation, he gained some insight from a nest of ants...

The power of this comprehension is truly terrifying!

Originally, Qin Feng's comprehension was extremely strong, and if Qiankun's comprehension was improved by a hundred times, it would naturally be even more terrifying!

In this way, Qin Feng quickly entered the state of epiphany, and his mind completely reached the state of ethereal...

Just when Qin Feng was conducting the God King assessment, something was happening in the Zixiao Hall.

At this time, the number of players in the Zixiao Hall has reached more than 200, and the scene has gradually become lively. Many people are still talking about Qin Feng!

"Everyone, what do you think the kid who entered Yunxiao Pavilion is going to do?"

"Haha! What else can I do? It must be promoted to the God King Realm! You didn't see that that kid is in the God Realm?!"

"That's right! I didn't expect that a player in the main **** realm could become the master of the sanctuary. I don't know how he did it?"

"Hey~! If I want the old man to see, he is just out of luck! Otherwise, how could a master **** realm become the master of the sanctuary? To be honest, the old man does not think that the boy is strong, the most powerful **** king realm. !"

"Brother is right! However, if he is promoted to the God King Realm, he is expected to reach the strength of a quasi-half-step Eternity Realm. If he can get the Qiding-level God King, he is even more hopeful to achieve Half-step Eternity! "

"Seven tripod-level god-kings? Go dream! That is the highest-level god-kings that have appeared in this universe. So far, only three people have obtained them, namely Tianzun, Dajitian, and Luohu. That kid can be with the three of them. Compare?"

"That's right! The old man thinks that it is already the limit for that kid to get the Wuding-level Divine King!"

At this moment, the big bosses talked a lot, and most of them were ridiculing Qin Feng, but also to please Lu Yadaojun.

However, they also unanimously believed that Qin Feng was definitely inferior to Tianzun, Dajitian, and Luohu.

In the crowd, when the Azure Dragon Domain Lord heard these words, the corners of his mouth twitched, and his heart was very unhappy.

These guys underestimate Mr. Qin Feng!

In his mind, Qin Feng's potential is probably better than Tianzun, Dajitian, and Luohu!

This time, Mr. Qin Feng should be expected to get the Bading-level God King, surpassing the achievements of the three Tianzun and setting a new record in this universe!

Thinking of this, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord looked at Yunxiao Pavilion with anticipation in his eyes!

He hopes that Qin Feng can be promoted as soon as possible, so that these people can be slapped in the face!

At this moment, the voice of Tiankui 273 Domain Master rang in his ears.

"Brother Qinglong, what do you think Qin Feng can achieve?"

Hearing that, the Azure Dragon Domain Lord couldn't help but look back at the Tiankui Domain Lord.

He pondered for a while, and then whispered: "Brother Tiankui, if I say Qin Feng can get the Bading-level God King, do you believe it?"

Tian Kui was stunned!