Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately, he smiled and shook his head: "Brother, you're joking again! How could that kid get the Bading? Could his talent surpass the three Lords Tianzun, Dajitian, and Luohu? Haha!"

At the end of the day, the Lord Tiankuiyu shook his head again and again with a look of disapproval.

Obviously, he didn't believe it at all!

Seeing this, the Azure Dragon Domain Master sighed in his heart and said no more.

He knew that it was useless to say more, so he would wait for the results of Lord Qin Feng to come out, so that these self-righteous guys could see.

With this in mind, the Azure Dragon Domain Master continued to look at Yunxiao Pavilion and silently paid attention...

At the same time, Yunxiao Pavilion, in the map of Shanhe Sheji.

Above the clouds of the first heaven and earth.

Qin Feng closed his eyes and meditated, still immersed in the state of epiphany!

hum~~!

Suddenly, a dazzling Dao light lit up on Qin Feng's body, and a new Dao breath emanated from him...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Tiandao's prompt also sounded at the same time...

[Reminder: congratulations on gaining insight from this world, and having an epiphany to realize the Dao of Houtian—the way of ants...]

[Congratulations, you have successfully passed the 'Avenue of Aspiration' assessment and have been promoted to the first-level God King! 】

Hearing these prompts, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, above the clouds, the sky roared continuously!

Di Jiang, Jumang and others were alarmed and looked up at the sky...

The voice of Tiandao also sounded!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng' for completing the first-level God King assessment and obtaining the first-level God King promotion reward...]

[Reward the player's combat power + 5 billion stars! 】

[Reward the player's luck +5 times the value! 】

[Reward the player to strengthen the **** king (one tripod level)! 】

Boom~!

As soon as this reminder came out, Di Jiang and others were shocked!

wow!

Dad is too great!

Before they entered the state, Dad passed the test!

Before they could think about it, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It took 9 minutes and 37 seconds to detect the player 'Qin Feng', that is, passed the first-level assessment, refreshed the best score in the universe, and won double the reward]

[Therefore, the rewards for player 'Qin Feng' in this round have been changed as follows...]

[Reward players' combat power + 100 million stars! 】

[Reward the player's luck + 10,000 times the value! 】

[Reward players with double God King enhancement (one tripod level)! 】

As soon as this reminder came out, Di Jiang and others were in an uproar again!

The eyes that looked at Qin Feng became more and more worshipful.

Qin Feng was also surprised and delighted!

He didn't expect to refresh the assessment results of each level, and there will be double rewards!

That time, he was destined to receive a lot of money in this assessment.

Om~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, a purple beam of light was projected from the phantom of Qiankun Cauldron and poured directly into Qin Feng's head...

Chapter 1014 Xuanzu is coming! Shocked the audience!

Om~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, a purple beam of light was projected from the phantom of the Qiankun Cauldron and poured directly into the top of Qin Feng's head...

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, an invisible force flowed to the limbs and bones, and began to strengthen Qin Feng's whole body...

At the same moment, the golden wheel of the godhead automatically appeared in the back of his head, the golden lotus of the gods appeared under the seat, and the ninety-six divine seals of the nobles appeared all over his body, all of which were full of golden light and looked extremely sacred!

Since obtaining the Hongmeng Star Lord, Qin Feng has been blessed with the power of all the seals on the whip, and ninety-six seals have been condensed in his body...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, in the center of the ninety-six noble seals, a light and shadow of a divine cauldron is slowly condensing and forming...

Looking at the appearance of the divine cauldron, it is seven points similar to the Qiankun cauldron, and its name is 'Dao cauldron'!

Condensing the 'Dao Ding' is a sign of promotion to the God King Realm!

This process is also known as 'Achieving the Perfection of the Way'!

Ding is in harmony!

Be enlightened and enlightened!

A cauldron-level **** king can only condense a cauldron!

Soon, Daoding was successfully condensed, and the power of strengthening was doubled!

Qin Feng's momentum began to skyrocket wildly...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

【Success! Congratulations on your promotion to the rank of a Ding-level God King...]

【Successful promotion! Your physical body, bones, soul body, and bloodline are greatly strengthened (double strengthening)]

【Successful promotion! You get +100 million star combat power blessing... 】

【Successful promotion! You get +10,000 times the luck value blessing...]

【Successful promotion! The upper limit of your lifespan is raised to 300 million years old…】

【Successful promotion! Your fit to the Dao has been greatly improved, and your understanding has been permanently increased by 30%]

[Reminder: Every time a Dao Cauldron is condensed, the comprehension will increase by 30%! 】

...

After a long time, the promotion is complete!

The divine light around Qin Feng began to slowly dissipate!

The golden wheel of the godhead, the lotus seat of the gods, the seal of the title, and the cauldron of the gods, also hidden into his body one by one...

When all the visions disappeared, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy.

He was promoted to the God King of Yiding!

His basic combat power has thus increased to 21.558 trillion stars!

This time, the combat power has not improved much, but the biggest gain is the improvement of comprehension, which will be of great help in the next assessment!

At this moment, Qin Feng felt something in his heart and couldn't help but look up, and saw Di Jiang and others looking at him with admiration.

Seeing him, Di Jiang and the others were overjoyed!

"Dad, you broke through so quickly!"

"Master! You are now a top-level **** king!"

"Tsk tsk! The master's comprehension is too strong! In less than ten minutes, he has already broken through!"

Yu Xuanji and Feng Xi were even more amazed!

Qin Feng smiled and got up slowly...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook again!

Another reminder came from Heaven...

[Assessment reminder: It was detected that the player 'Qin Feng' passed the level in this round, which did not exceed 1 hour, so he received a genius level clearance reward! 】

[The contents of the reward for entering the level are as follows...]

[Reward players with 2 billion stars! 】

[Reward contestant Taiqing Daojing 2 pieces! 】

[Reminder: Each round of clearance time does not exceed 1 hour, and there will be clearance rewards! 】

Boom~!

Hearing the prompt, Di Jiang and others exclaimed again!

Xiao Luan was envious.

Qin Feng was also quite surprised!

It turns out that there are also genius-level breakthrough rewards!

To be able to pass the first-level Divine King examination within an hour is naturally considered a peerless genius!

Not every peerless genius can set new records!

In order to recognize the outstanding performance of those peerless geniuses, Tiandao has set up a genius-level breakthrough reward!

Thinking about this, Qin Feng was very happy!

At this time, two reward beams of light descended from the sky one after another!

One is the combat power reward!

One is two Taiqing Daojing rewards!

Qin Feng quickly accepted the reward, and the combat power increased to 21.56 trillion stars!

Looking at the two Taiqing Dao Crystals that were rewarded, they were all Dao that he did not master!

It seems that in the process of rewarding Tiandao, it is also specially selected for the reward of the Dao whose hands are not awakened!

Such a reward method is too beneficial to Qin Feng!

At the moment, he was sent into the small universe with satisfaction, and let the mind body to refine.

After doing this, Qin Feng looked at Di Jiang and others.

"Don't waste your time! Quickly realize! If you can also clear the level within an hour, you will also be able to get this genius level clearance reward!"

With this reminder, Di Jiang and others suddenly woke up!

right!

Their comprehension is not comparable to that of their father (the master), but they are also considered to be among the ranks of peerless geniuses!

If they can also get genius-level breakthrough rewards, it will be of great benefit to them, and they will be able to sacrifice more combat power to the (father) master.

Thinking of this, Di Jiang and the others immediately became high-spirited!

One by one did not dare to delay, and once again raced against the clock to devote themselves to the perception...Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng also showed a satisfied smile.

He naturally hopes that all the subordinates can also get the 'genius-level' breakthrough reward!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came again...