Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, beside the lava pool, the earth shook and the roar continued.

Qin Feng stood on the spot, pinched the seal, full of energy, and trapped the demon king.

Swish~!

At this moment, his second clone rushed up and slashed frantically at the magma transformed by the Demon King.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Knife light flashes in the field!

Countless swords are swept across!

Roar~! Roar~! roar~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The Demon King's struggles and miserable roar kept echoing.

The earth trembled!

With the last shrill scream!

The Demon King was finally beheaded!

The transformed magma on the ground disappeared, leaving behind a smashed corpse.

[Your clone successfully killed the 19th-level Inferno Demon King (Emperor-level), and you get +30000 energy points. 】

[Your clone successfully kills the 19th-level Inferno Demon King (Emperor-level), and you gain +6 reputation. 】

[Your clone successfully kills the 19th-level Inferno Demon King (Emperor-level), and you get +300 Judgment Value. 】

[Your clone kills the 19th-level Inferno Demon King (Emperor) and explodes the quest item - King's Core (Fire). 】

[Your clone killed the 19th-level Hell Demon King (Emperor-level) and exploded the golden treasure chest. 】

Haha~!

Finally beheaded!

The quest item has exploded!

A golden treasure chest was also revealed!

Great harvest this time!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It was at this moment that he saw that the long spear of the Demon King of Inferno was automatically reduced to about two meters long, and the spiritual light flowed on it.

His eyes lit up involuntarily.

That long spear seems to be a fourth-order weapon, and its value is comparable to a golden treasure chest!

With that in mind, he walked towards the spear.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng's reputation has exceeded 100, his combat power has exceeded 100, and he has been awarded the title of "Novice Emperor". 】

[The village chief Qin Feng received the blessing of Heaven. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, the strength index has increased by 80 points. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, the agility index has increased by 80 points. 】

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, his body mass index increased by 80 points. swell]

[Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for becoming a novice emperor, his energy index has increased by 80 points. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news is announced!

The entire Longyuan Village was stunned!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Chapter 126 Surprise! The Supreme Law of Ascension!

Boom~Long~Long!

The sky is shaking~!

A white light fell on Qin Feng.

His four-dimensional index soared, and each item soared by 80 points, accumulating 320 attributes.

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that his strength had skyrocketed.

It's such a wonderful feeling to lift!

The novice emperor is different.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Then, he continued to walk towards the long gun and picked it up to take a look.

[Fire Magic Spear: Fourth-tier item, attack power +100, penetration +100%, armor breaking +50%, fire increase +50%. 】

good! good!

It really is a Tier 4 weapon!

This Hell Demon King not only broke out the golden treasure chest, but also left behind a Tier 4 weapon.

It's so worth it to kill!

Qin Feng turned to look at the golden treasure chest, the king's core (fire), and the fire glaze all over the ground.

These are his trophies!

By the way, there is also the fourth-order spiritual flower in the cave - the fiery red lotus.

This is a great harvest!

At the moment, he began to clear the battlefield.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was amazed.

"Brothers, the boss has become a novice emperor!"

"The novice emperor? What kind of title is he?"

"I don't know! It still feels awesome!"

"Of course it's awesome! You didn't listen to Heaven's Dao's reminder, the boss's combat power has exceeded 100, and his reputation has also exceeded 100. Only in this way can you become a human emperor!"

"Fuck! The combat power is 100 stars!"

"Oh my god! The boss is so powerful! The little sister admires him so much!"

"Yeah! This is too scary! I can't even imagine it!"

"Hey! I'm level 8, and my combat power is less than 20 stars. Compared with the boss, I'm a scumbag!"

"Hey! Don't say that you are compared with the boss. Even if everyone in the entire No. 1 area has the strength of one person, it can reach one-third of the boss."

"Yes! In the regional channel, Turgenev, who has always been sought after by Western guys, is not one-third as powerful as the boss."

"No 017 is wrong! Turgenev is known as the second strongest player in our No. 1 area, and his strength is second only to that of the boss Qin Feng. But his combat power is only 28 stars, not one-third of the boss. "

"Hey! How do you know Turgenev's combat power?"

"That guy said it himself! He's been floating a little lately!"

"Haha! Those western white-skinned people, as well as the Asan, the southern sticks, and Sakurajima are all trying their best to tout him. It's hard for him not to float!"

"It's strange! I remember that the North Bear Kingdom and the guys in the West have always had a bad relationship. Why did those Westerners turn their sexes to please Turgenev?"

"Oh! They did this to target our Longyuan Village. We used to be in alliance with Turgenev. They were afraid that we would join forces, so to please Turgenev, they also meant to sow discord."

"Hehe! I don't care about those things, I only care about whether Turgenev can complete the mission of the village chief tonight? Mad! Those guys are still boycotting the power stone business in our Longyuan Village, and everyone is waiting for the show. !"

"Yeah! This thing was provoked by those **** in the Lighthouse Country. This time, I must teach them a lesson!"

"By the way, Turgenev has been in the village for almost two hours. I don't know what happened? You say, can he complete the task?"

"How can it be done? With his 28-star combat power, he wants to complete the mission of the village chief? It's a dream!"

"I also don't think he can complete it! However, the difficulty of the quest in Village No. 44 is only half of that of our Longyuan Village. The envoys Turgenev encountered are definitely not as strong as those encountered by the boss."

"That's right! That guy has also mastered the A-level talent, and he is still a bit capable. It is estimated that he can last a little longer."

"Haha! The resentful spirit messenger is okay to say, as soon as the resentful demon comes out, he will stop cooking!"

"Let's just watch the show and wait for his result!"

"Hey! I'll also go to the regional channel to see it!"

"I advise you not to go! If you go, you will probably be **** to death. Those guys are sour to our Longyuan Village, and they have been advocating Turgenev!"

"Made! Then I'm going to have a look! After a while, Turgenev failed, what do I think of those guys?"

"That's right! I'll take a look too!"

In this way, many villagers went to the regional channel to watch dramas while logging and quarrying.

At the same time, in the Burning Heaven Valley.

Qin Feng has already cleaned up the battlefield.

The golden treasure chest, the fourth-order spear, and the core of the king (fire) are all available.

There is also the material fire glaze, a total of seventeen pieces.

[Fire Glazed Glass: A 3rd-level resource, produced on the Glazed Fire Jiao in Burning Heaven Valley, a necessary material for upgrading a 4th-level wooden house. 】

Seeing this information, Qin Feng was very excited.

It can be seen that Fire Glazed Glass is also a strategic resource, which is scarcer and more precious than Aoki Core and Frost Stone.

This also provided him with some preparations in advance when he upgraded to level 3 villages in the future.

Afterwards, Qin Feng collected the spoils and began to extract the Demon King's body...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the B-level talent - The Profound Truth of Fire! 】

[Your fire talent is automatically promoted from C rank to B rank! 】

[Reminder: Your dark talent and fire talent have reached B level, and the skill Hellfire (3rd level) is advanced to Hell Tianyan (4th level)]

good! good!

One more Tier 4 skill!

In this way, he has mastered three fourth-order skills, namely Hell Heavenly Flame, Spiritualism, and Ice Storm.

The comprehensive strength has skyrocketed inadvertently!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Having said that, his fire talent has been promoted to B rank.

Among his Five Elements talents, only the Gold Element is still at the C rank.

When the Gold Element also reaches the B rank, he will be able to fuse the A rank talent - the Five Elements Profound Truth.

That would be his first A-level combat talent.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

By the way, there are still fiery red lotuses that have not been picked!

With this in mind, he hurriedly walked towards the cave ahead.

If you want to pick the fiery red lotus, you have to cross the lava pool and enter the cave.

The magma pool was hundreds of feet in diameter, and no one had any foothold in the middle.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The magma in it kept surging, stirring up the heat waves around it, and splashing up from time to time.

It is impossible to cross the lava pool in one step!