Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Compared to the last war-torn world, this is a world of great governance

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he looked all over the country, reading all the high-ranking officials and people, selling people and officials.

He saw that inside the palace, the emperor was reviewing the memorial!

In the Senior Officials Court, officials are thinking hard about good strategies for governing the country

In the school, the young people are diligent and the voice of the book is loud!

In the fields, cattle and sheep are everywhere, fruitful!

In the market, there is a lot of traffic, lively and noisy

This world is prosperous and prosperous, and there is an atmosphere of peace everywhere, which is reassuring

But in this world, the Tao of Heaven requires you to realize an innate Tao before you can pass the test.

This makes Qin Feng a little clueless!

He looked around the whole world, and there were quite a few scenes related to Dao.

But there is no scene related to the Xiantian Avenue!

In such a world, does it really hide the Innate Great Way?

Qin Feng was puzzled, while overlooking the world, while thinking hard...

Soon, he discovered that in this world, there is something that the previous worlds did not have, that is ideological education!

Through one school and one government agency, he also discovered that there is a new system of literati taking office in this world, similar to the ancient eight-gu taking office in Longbi!

The status of literati in this world has become very high!

On the contrary, the first few worlds are dominated by advocating force!

Let’s take a look at what the literati in this world say, all of which are the ethics of etiquette, righteousness, integrity and shame, some of which are similar to the ancient Confucianism of Longyuan.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was touched!

He couldn't help but think of the avenues he had learned along the way: ants, cocoon breaking, character creation, civilization, nation, all nations, rise and fall

He has witnessed the development of human civilization from scratch, and also witnessed the prosperity and decline of human civilization.

Today, human civilization has changed from troubled times to rule of the world, and the level of civilization is also higher.

Could it be that all this is because of more ideological education?

I'm afraid it's not just that, right?

Huh~! Those are

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes fell on some desolate and populated mountains.

With his current vision, it is natural to see that it is a dragon vein.

Under those intricate dragon veins, he actually detected nine dragon-locking pillars!

Lock the Dragon Pillar!

Lock the spirit of dragon veins, lock the spirit of heaven and earth!

Those dragon-locking pillars can absorb the energy of the dragon veins day and night, absorb the spiritual power of heaven and earth, and become more and more powerful!

And the spiritual energy in this world will become thinner and thinner, and eventually the spiritual energy will disappear, and it is no longer suitable for cultivation!

Obviously, some people don't want to let the human beings in this world practice...

However, this world is not without cultivators.

Qin Feng observed that there were some hidden sects near the dragon-locking pillars.

In those sects, the existence of heaven-level humans is hidden!

And the people of these sects can use the secret method to obtain the spiritual energy from the dragon lock pillar, and cultivate in a method with twice the result with half the effort.

Look at the purpose of these sects, it is to protect this world from generation to generation

The scenes in front of him made Qin Feng somewhat incomprehensible!

Why do human beings in this world deliberately block the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, so that human beings can no longer cultivate!

Compared with the previous big worlds, the Earth-level powerhouses among the human beings are common, and the sky-level powerhouses are not rare.

Tribal scuffles, warlords fighting, and escaping from the sky are also common!

On the other hand, in this world of great governance, there are no prefecture-level powerhouses among human beings, and the society also emphasizes literature over martial arts. . .

It seems that there has never been a human being in this world who can fly to the ground!

But in the famous mountains and rivers that have left the secular world, there are a group of people who guard the dragon pillars, and they are also people who can practice.

It's just that the cultivation of these people has become extremely difficult...

Who is behind all this?

Qin Feng inexplicably felt that the development of these nine worlds was somewhat similar to the development of Longbi...

In mythology, it is a common thing for the ancestors of Longbi to fly to the ground!

But later, there was no spiritual energy between heaven and earth, the ancestors of Longbi could not cultivate, and there was no such thing as flying in the sky and escaping the earth.

The ancestors of Longbi gradually lived and worked in peace and contentment, emphasizing literature over martial arts.

It's just that among the people, occasionally there are some supernatural events of cultivating immortals...

All of this, could it be that someone deliberately banned the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, so that the ancestors could not cultivate?

Qin Feng couldn't help frowning in thought!

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he recalled a classic "Tao Te Ching" left by the ancestors of Longbi!

In the third chapter of the Tao Te Ching, the rule of the sages, there are some words in it: Always make the people ignorant and have no desires, and make the wise dare not do anything! For inaction, there is no cure!

Boom~!

Thinking of these words, Qin Feng was shocked and his heart moved!

What did he think of in an instant!

Do not honor the virtuous, so that the people do not compete!

Inexpensive and rare goods, so that the people will not be thieves!

Don't see what you want, so that people's hearts will not be disturbed!

All these means of ruling the world are the ruling of saints!

In Qin Feng's view, this method is almost like keeping people in captivity like animals, making people less eager and less contentious.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

This is also like the **** music in the West, allowing the bottom people to be at ease with the status quo, thereby greatly reducing the cost of maintaining social stability!

All these practices seem inhumane!

But thinking from the point of view of a saint, it is a little different!

What is heaven and earth? What is a saint?

Heaven and earth are not benevolent, and all things are dogs!

The sages are not benevolent and take the common people as dogs!

Governing the world like this in front of you is exactly the means of a saint!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and a kind of comprehension suddenly rose in his heart.

The next second, he closed his eyes and entered a state of epiphany

Time just passed by!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour has passed!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint aura!

That is the new Dao is awakening.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!