Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Even if you step over, you can't pick it, because the fiery red lotus grows in magma.

Qin Feng hesitated for a while, then stepped out and stepped directly on the magma.

But in the next second, he floated on the magma strangely, did not sink, and was not scalded by the magma, and even the shoes on his feet were intact.

Qin Feng smiled at the corner of his mouth.

Then, he walked towards the fiery red lotus.

Wherever he went, the constantly surging magma became calm, and everything was like walking on the ground.

This is the magic of mastering the profound meaning of B-level talent fire.

After a while, he walked to the fiery red lotus and picked it down.

The root of the red lotus comes out of the magma, its whole body is like jade, and its fragrance is overflowing.

A fourth-order spirit flower has arrived!

It's a pity that Qin Feng doesn't know what this spirit flower does.

However, he vaguely felt that it might be useful to his pet.

Because this red lotus was bred from the blood of the fire phoenix.

And Huofeng is a descendant of Suzaku, and its essence and blood must contain the divine blood of Suzaku.

His pet also contains some Suzaku blood in his body.

If he can increase the concentration of Suzaku's blood in his pet's body, it will greatly enhance the strength of the pet.

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's own speculations.

After he put away the red lotus, he returned to the pool.

At this point, everything is cleaned up!

For the task of opening the map, all the cores of the five kings are in hand.

Next, he should go to Juelongpo, look for the Five Elements Seal Altar, and unlock the space seal of Longyuan Village.

"When the map is opened, I have to find the Temple of Vientiane as soon as possible!"

"By the way, after finding the Vientiane Temple, should I take the Shengwu assessment first, or should I go to other Longguo villages to recruit new villagers?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He suddenly thought that the tone of the Hell Demon King before, it seems that he has become an earth-level powerhouse, and he will not pass the punishment test this time.

It can be seen that the Heavenly Punisher that Longyuan Village will face this time will be extremely powerful.

It is also true that the same as the powerhouse, there must be strong and weak.

By the way, Tiandao reminded before.

The Shengwu assessment will be based on the performance of the assessor, and the evaluation will be graded.

The higher the evaluation level, the greater the transformation of the Heavenly Dao.

The greater the transformation, the more benefits and the stronger the strength will be.

By the way, if I get the highest-level assessment, I will definitely become the strongest type of prefecture-level powerhouse.

At that time, he may be able to withstand the punishment test.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more reasonable he felt, and his eyes suddenly lit up.

He finally knew what to do!

That is to recruit new villagers first, so that Longyuan Village will be upgraded to a level 2 village first.

Because once Longyuan Village is upgraded, he will be rewarded with attribute points, and his strength will be greatly increased.

The stronger his strength is, the more likely he is to get a top-level assessment.

Simply put, he will continue to improve his strength, and the stronger the better.

In this way, he has the opportunity to obtain the highest evaluation.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng suddenly became enlightened, and was ready to go to Juelongpo...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Liu Xuan has upgraded the novice cabin to level 2, obtained the blessing of Heaven, and rewarded it with 100 attributes. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there was a sound of envy in every corner of Longyuan Village.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was quite relieved.

In addition to his wooden house, the first level 2 wooden house in Longyuan Village has appeared, and the upgrade of the village is progressing little by little.

He also had to hurry up and rush to Juelongpo to unlock the space seal.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Liu Xuan's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

Om~!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head.

In the next second, he gained 10 attribute points.

Qin Feng was dumbfounded.

If your subordinate's combat power reaches 30 stars, can you also get Heavenly Dao rewards?

[Reminder: In the human-level combat power stage, when the villager’s combat power exceeds a certain level, the village chief can get the corresponding attribute point reward. 】

[The villager's combat power exceeds 30 stars, and the village chief can get 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

[The villager's combat power exceeds 50 stars, and the village chief can get 20 attribute points as a reward. 】

[The villager's combat power exceeds 70 stars, and the village chief can get 30 attribute points as a reward. 】

[The villager's combat power exceeds 90 stars, and the village chief can get 40 attribute points as a reward. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked.

In the next second, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

Ha ha!

It turns out that the real benefits of being the village chief are here.

He has 937 villagers, and if everyone reaches 30-star combat power, he can get 9370 attribute rewards.

In other words, the more villagers he has, the more benefits he will get.

What if he had billions of villagers?

Ha ha!

Wouldn't that be a god!UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

In the future, even if he is lying on the bed, his attribute points will increase! rise! rise

It feels good to think about it!

Chapter 127 Make the best use of everything, rewards come naturally!

"It seems that population is very important! I want to recruit more new villagers and try to expand my population base. The more population, the more benefits I will get in the future."

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

He can't wait to go to Juelongpo immediately, lift the space seal, and then go to other novice villages to recruit villagers.

Of course, a village cannot recruit villagers indefinitely, there is a population cap.

The upper limit of the population of a level 1 village is 2000, the upper limit of the population of a level 2 village is 5000, and the maximum population of a level 3 village is 10,000…

If he wants to expand the population cap, he must constantly upgrade the village.

At present, Longyuan Village is only a level 1 village with a maximum of 2,000 people and a population of 937.

However, newborn babies born in villages are not within the population limit.

This rule made him wonder whether he should encourage villagers to get married, have more children, and reproduce.

However, he quickly dismissed this distraction.

Now that Longyuan Village has not yet established a firm foundation, it is too early to think about those miscellaneous things.

I don’t want to think so much anymore, I’d better go to Juelongpo first!

By the way, Liu Xuan's combat power has reached 30 stars. Lei Jue, Longshan and others should be not far behind, right?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

When a villager's combat power reaches 30 stars, 10 attribute points can be fed back to him.

This will be an important channel for him to improve his strength in the future.

Since there is this channel, how can he ignore it.

What's more, he is now eager to improve his strength, and the sooner the better.

Because there are only four days left for the novice assessment.

He must get the highest rating in the Shengwu assessment within four days in order to catch up with the talent assessment.

Before participating in the assessment, he had to improve his combat power as much as possible.

Thinking of this, he thought about how to get attribute feedback from other villagers.

Liu Xuan's strength is stronger than that of the same level, and his level has reached level 10.

Even so, with the help of the reward of the 2nd-level wooden house, his combat power exceeded 30 stars in one fell swoop.

That Lei Jue, Long Shan, Wu Yong, the level 10 masters, might not be able to reach 30 stars in combat power even if they were promoted to level 2 wooden houses.

Qin Feng estimates that several of them must be at least level 11 before their combat power can reach 30 stars.

"By the way, I have a solution!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something, he quickly opened the resource exchange channel.

The next second, he took out 500 'elf certificates' and donated them.

Then, using the authority of the village chief, he set up some requirements for exchanging the 'elf's certificate'.

At the same moment, the chat channel was chatting hot.

Everyone is envious of Liu Xuangang's promotion of the second-level wooden house.

"Wow! Mr. Liu Xuan has been upgraded to a 2-level wooden house! Gained 100 attributes!"

"Yeah! I envy me to death!"

"Woooo! I also want to upgrade the hut to level 2, but I still lack some wood."

"Hey! You are much stronger than me. I haven't even been able to upgrade a level 1 cabin!"

"Haha! Upstairs, you have to cheer up!"

"I'm chopping wood now, and there are still a few!"

"Haha! You don't have to worry, now everyone below 40 is logging and quarrying. Our lack of wood and stone will soon improve."

"Yes! The boss's order is very wise!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, contributed 500 pieces of 'elf certificate' to Longyuan Village and obtained 10,000 contribution points. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked!

"Fuck! Ten thousand contribution points!"

"Yeah! This is too terrifying! I've tried my best, and now I only have 131 contribution points! When the boss makes a move, it's 10,000 contribution points!"