Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Tsk tsk! The boss is really a genius! Every time he makes a move, it's shocking!"

"Everyone, what's the elf's certificate?"

"I don't know! I'll go take a look!"

"I'm going to have a look too!"

At this moment, everyone entered the resource library to check.

After a while, cheers came from the channel.

"Wow! This voucher is a good thing! You can get a little reputation by consuming one!"

"Yeah! Prestige is a good thing! It's not easy to get a little bit!"

"Unfortunately! Each person can only consume ten of these vouchers, and it will be useless if there are more."

"Let's not say ten, I can't exchange even five. It takes 20 exchange points for one."

"Dude, this is a Tier 2 special card, with only 20 contribution points, it's not expensive!"

"You idiots! What are you still discussing here? With this rare special card, if you don't grab it now, when will you wait?"

"Fuck~! I almost forgot! Mad! Go grab it!"

"Brother, wait for me!"

"Woo! Brothers and sisters, keep two for the little sister!"

"Haha! Wealth is in the sky, hand speed is king! Hey! What the hell! Why did the exchange fail? Why can't I exchange it!"

"I can't redeem it either!"

"Look! The boss has set a redemption requirement! Those who fail to meet the requirements have no redemption authority."

"Let's see! Villagers who have reached level 10 and their novice cabins have reached level 2 can only exchange them."

"Yeah! And the total number of each person's exchange cannot exceed 10."

"It seems that this is prepared by the boss for the 10th-level masters, we are not qualified to exchange it!"

"Yeah! We're going to work hard!"

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Villager Liu Xuan spent 200 contribution points to exchange ten 'elves' certificates'. 】

It didn't take long for Tiandao to send another reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Liu Xuan's reputation has reached 20 points, and he has been awarded the title of 'Novice General'. 】

[Congratulations to villager Liu Xuan for receiving the blessing of Heaven and getting attribute point rewards...]

When the news came out, everyone was envious.

Obviously, Liu Xuan relied on those credentials to increase his reputation to more than 20 points.

"Tsk tsk! Mr. Liu Xuan is so happy! I just got a reward for upgrading my wooden house, and now I get a title reward."

"Yeah! The title of the novice general, the four-dimensional index will increase by 10 attributes, and the total of 40 attribute points!"

"Envy! I'm so envious!"

The voice just fell, and Tiandao continued to send reminders.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Lei Jue has upgraded the novice wooden house to level 2, obtained the blessing of heaven and rewarded him with 100 attributes. 】

[Reminder: Villager Lei Jue spent 200 contribution points to exchange ten 'elves' certificates'. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Lei Jue's reputation has reached 10 points, and he has been awarded the title of 'Novice General'. 】

[Congratulations to the villager Lei Jue for obtaining the blessing of Heaven and getting attribute point rewards...]

With this series of news, everyone was once again amazed.

At the same moment, Qin Feng received another message.

[Reminder: Your villager Lei Jue's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

Om~!

Another beam of light fell, and Qin Feng's attributes rose by another 10 points.

Qin Feng is delighted!

Everything was as he expected.

It turned out that he expected that Lei Jue, Long Shan and others were not as strong as Liu Xuan.

Even if Lei Jue and several people upgraded the wooden house to level 2, the combat power might not necessarily reach 30 stars.

He suddenly thought that titles can also improve his strength.

He has more than 600 'Elves' certificates' in his hand, which comes in handy at this moment.

Sure enough, after Lei Jue used the voucher, he really increased his combat power to 30 stars.

As a result, Qin Feng got another 10 attribute points reward.

"This time, it really makes the best use of it!"

Qin Feng was satisfied.

Originally, he was still worried about how to use so many vouchers in his hand.

Now in the right place!

Five hundred vouchers are enough for fifty level 10 powerhouses.

0

At the moment, Qin Feng ignored trivial matters and started walking down the mountain...

An hour later, he arrived at the foot of Hellfire.

Within one hour, Long Shan, Wu Yong, and Liu Yuan had successively upgraded to the second-level wooden house and exchanged their vouchers.

Everything was as Qin Feng expected. After the three people used the credentials, they all obtained the title of Heavenly Dao, and their combat power reached 30 stars.

This allowed Qin Feng to gain a total of 30 attribute rewards.

At this moment, at the foot of Hell Mountain.

Qin Feng was very happy.

The wave after wave of 10-point attribute rewards gave him the thrill of winning.

"By the way, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, Liu Yuan, etc. have been upgraded to level 2 wooden houses. How is the progress of the whole village?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the 'village chief operation interface'.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 1

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 3

[Village population]: 937 people

【Public buildings】: 0.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 237 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Cabin]: 9 seats.

[Strongers above level 10]: 16 people

"Not bad!"

The number of level 1 novice cabins has reached 237.

This progress is very fast!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

At this rate, in less than a day, the level 1 novice cabin can reach the standard of 400.

It seemed that he was very wise to let all nine hundred or so villagers go logging and quarrying.

In addition, the number of Class 2 cabins has reached 9.

It means that in addition to Liu Xuan and a few level 10 masters, there are people of other levels who completed the level 2 wooden house ahead of schedule.

Seeing this, Qin Feng closed the 'village chief operation interface' and entered the chat channel.

As soon as he entered, he saw that everyone was chatting hotly.

"Brothers, the regional channel is really funny! Those western whites are celebrating! They say Turgenev will definitely succeed this time!"

"I saw it too! They have been boycotting our power stone business, saying they are waiting for Turgenev to build a village."

"The people from Village No. 44 are also floating! They are also shouting that when their boss Turgenev comes out, they will come to do the power stone business, which will definitely be cheaper than our village."

"Fuck! Openly robbing business!"

"Haha! How can our business be so easy to grab? I don't believe that Turgenev can complete the mission of the village chief."

"It's hard to say! That guy is a 28-star powerhouse!"

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan jumped out.

Liu Xuan: "Oh! Is 28 stars great? I'm already 34 stars!"

Lei Jue: "Old Liu, you are still amazing! I'm only 31 stars!"

Longshan: "Hey! I also have a 31-level star!"

Wu Yong: "Hey! I'm barely 30 stars."

Liu Yuan: "Haha! Coincidentally! I also have 30 stars!"

Boom~!

This time, the entire chat channel was sensational.

"Fuck~! The combat power of all of you bosses is even higher than Turgenev!"

"Wow! You are too powerful!"

"Haha! I just said, don't look too high on Turgenev. Any big guy from our village will be better than him!"

"Everyone, Turgenev has been in the lost village for more than three hours, and I guess he's coming out soon!"

"Yeah! After so long, whether he can complete the task or not, the answer should be revealed soon!"

"Let's check out the regional channel!"

"I'll go as well!"

"Go! I'll see what happens today!"

At the moment, everyone entered the regional channel one after another.

After all, this matter is related to the power stone business of Longyuan Village, and everyone is naturally more concerned.

Qin Feng was curious and switched to the regional channel.

Chapter 128: The countries collapse, and the price of energy stones rises!

As soon as he entered the regional channel, Qin Feng saw those Western dogs, one by one, touting Turgenev enthusiastically.

"Oh! Dear gentlemen and ladies, it has been three hours since Mr. Turgenev entered the lost village?"

"Smecta upstairs, Mr. Turgenev has been in for almost three and a half hours!"

"Oh! The longer you go in, the more likely he will succeed!"

"Haha! That's of course! Turgenev is the second strongest in our No. 1 area, only a little worse than Qin Feng!"

As soon as these words fell, the people of Longyuan Village who were peeping at the screen were disdainful.

cut~!

These ignorant guys!