Do they really think that Turgenev is the second strongest in District 1?

Ha ha!

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Long Shan, Wu Yong, and Liu Yuan from Longyuan Village were all more powerful than Turgenev.

In other words, Turgenev's strength is not in the top five in his village.

And the gap is getting bigger and bigger!

Because there will be more and more powerhouses with a combat power of 30 stars in Longyuan Village, if Qin Feng's boss raises the village to level 2, the gap will be even greater.

At that time, it is hard to say whether Turgenev will be able to enter the top 100 of Longyuan Village.

What's even more funny is that these guys actually said that Turgenev is only a little weaker than Qin Feng's boss.

Thinking of this, all the people in Longyuan Village sneered in their hearts, with disdain in their eyes.

Of course, they don't bother to argue.

Even if they say it, with the prejudice and jealousy of Western white-skinned people, they will never believe it.

They just sit on the sidelines and watch the play.

Presumably, the results will come out soon.

At this moment, the regional channel is still chatting hotly.

"Oh! The friend upstairs, you are absolutely right. Mr. Turgenev is only a little worse than Qin Feng. Qin Feng completed the task of the village chief last night, and Mr. Turgenev will be able to complete it tonight. !"

"Well! God will guide Mr. Turgenev! Will bless him!"

"Haha! When Turgenev completes the task, we will be able to buy cheaper energy stones. When I think of this, I am so happy Smecta!"

"Yo Xi! The power stones in Longyuan Village are too expensive!"

"That's right! I don't want to buy such an expensive power stone. It's still a good friend from Village 44. They said that as long as their village is built, they can exchange 8 short knives for one power stone, which is much cheaper than the 10 in Longyuan Village. already."

"Oh! Friends upstairs, you made a wise choice. 10 knives are too expensive. Let's wait for the friends in Village No. 44 to sell them!"

"Yeah! I can't help but look forward to it!"

"Haha! Great Lord Shiva, tonight must be a festive day. I'm so excited I want to sing and dance!"

"Oh! Friends, do you say that the people of Longyuan Village regret that they sold the energy stone so expensive?"

"Haha! They must have regretted it, Smecta! Because they have three or four hours and no business."

"Oh! They will regret it even more in the future. Even if they sell at the same price as Village No. 44 in the future, I will choose to do business with Village No. 44 because I don't like the people of Longguo."

The last person to speak was a Beacon countryman.

As soon as he finished speaking, many people in Longyuan Village couldn't help it.

Liu Xuan was the first to jump out.

Liu Xuan: "Hehe! I also don't like the white skin of your lighthouse country. In the future, if your lighthouse country wants to do business with our Longyuan Village, the price will be doubled."

Lei Jue: "That's right! That's a good idea!"

Wu Yong: "I support this suggestion!"

Qi Jie: "Haha! Our entire Longyuan Village supports this proposal!"

Edward: "Oh! Friends of Longyuan Village, are you threatening our lighthouse country?"

Liu Xuan sneered: "Just threatened, how? You can choose not to buy it!"

Edward: "Shit! Friends of Longyuan Village, don't be complacent. After Turgenev completes the task, we will have cheaper power stones to buy."

Miyamoto Lang: "That's right! Tu Gesang should be successful soon! Friends of Longyuan Village, you should lower the price as soon as possible!"

Liu Xuan: "Hehe! You are too optimistic! Are you so sure that Turgenev will be able to complete the task?"

Edward: "Oh! Of course! Turgenev's strength is second only to Qin Feng. Qin Feng completed it last night, and Turgenev spent an extra day to improve. There will be no problem in passing the level tonight."

Miyamoto Lang: "Yes! I believe that Tu Gesang will be able to complete the task. If he fails, I will kill myself!"

Liu Xuan: "Miyamoto Lang, how many times have you said that you committed suicide by cutting your belly, and I have never seen you do it! You, Sakurajima, are never credible!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga!"

Qin Feng watched this scene silently, feeling a little funny.

That Miyamoto wave is a joke.

The people of Sakurajima are fearful of power but not virtuous, with etiquette on the surface and dirty behind.

It is part of their nature to never admit to what they do.

Having said that, the result of Turgenev's mission should also come out.

To be honest, Turgenev also has merit.

That is that he has an A-level talent - the law of power.

That's a fighting talent.

As soon as he thought of this, Qin Feng thought of the Five Elements Profound Truth.

He now has a B grade in the five elements of wood, fire, ice (water), and soil.

(PS: Thanks to the readers for reminding that the water system is already B-level)

At present, he is only one gold talent and still at C rank.

As long as he upgrades his gold-related talent to B-level, he can immediately get A-level talent—the Five Elements Profound Truth.

At that time, he will also have the first A-level combat talent, and his strength will definitely increase greatly.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

It was here that there was a commotion in the channel.

I saw Turgenev's head beating constantly.

The crowd immediately became excited.

They knew that Turgenev had appeared, and the mission must have come to fruition.

"Oh! Dear Mr. Turgenev, you have finally appeared!"

"Tu Gesang, have you completed your mission?"

"Mr. Tu Ge, are you going to build a village, Smecta!"

The people from the Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, and Nanbang Country excitedly stepped forward to ask, as if they had ushered in a triumphant hero.

But the next second, Turgenev wailed.

Turgenev: "Wow~! This village chief's mission is simply not done by humans! After a lot of hard work, it took me an hour to kill the three-headed dog!"

Turgenev: "I didn't expect that a more powerful envoy of resentment emerged from behind. This time, it took me two hours to kill him! Woohoo!"

Turgenev started to cry.

The lighthouse, Sakurajima, Nanbang, Asan and other Chinese people suddenly felt bad.

"Tu Gesang, then what?"

"Mr. Tu Ge, don't you think it's too difficult, after killing the resentful spirit messenger, you gave up the mission and retire?"

"Oh! Dear Mr. Turgenev, you don't have to be so sad. You gave up tonight, and you can continue tomorrow. With your strength, wait another day and you will be stronger and easier to complete the task."

Turgenev wailed: "It's not like this! It took me two hours to kill the Wraith Messenger, but he also cut off one of my legs. It took me a long time to climb out of the lost village. Woohoo!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked!

Fuck it~!

Turgenev's leg was cut off!

Done! Done!

Turgenev is completely done!

Losing a leg and not being able to stand in a world full of killing is terrifying.

In the future, it is hard to say whether Turgenev can survive in this world, let alone continue to be the village chief.

He has completely lost his chance to be the village chief!

The entire regional channel was silent for ten seconds before it exploded.

"Oh! My God! With Mr. Turgenev so powerful, he lost a leg!"

"It seems that this task is very difficult!"

"Baga! This is a devil-level mission!"

"Fake squid! Why can Qin Feng succeed?"

"It seems that we all underestimated Mr. Qin Feng! His strength is more than a little stronger than Turgenev!"

"Hey! It's a fact! Mr. Qin Feng finished last night and hasn't been injured yet..."

There was a lot of discussion.

The people of Longyuan Village looked dark and cool.

That's right, how can Turgenev compare to Qin Feng's boss?

Qin Feng's boss has already surpassed 100 battle strength.

By the way, if these guys knew that the tasks that Boss Qin Feng had done at the beginning were twice as difficult, would they doubt life.

At this time, in the channel, the arrogant Nanbang people began to cry.

"Assi! Turgenev won't be able to do the mission of the village chief in the future, and we won't be able to buy cheaper power stones."

"Oh! It's a sad thing indeed."

When the people of Longyuan Village saw this, they immediately jumped out.

Liu Xuan: "Selling energy stones! Selling energy stones! First come, first served!"

"Oh! Friends from Longyuan Village, I want to buy a power stone. I have already prepared it. I have 10 novice knives here, and I want to change a power stone."

Liu Xuan: "Sorry! 10 handles are not enough! Now it's 20 handles for one piece!"

"I bought it! Friends 0.3 friends, why did you increase the price?!"

Liu Xuan: "By the way, forget that you are from the Lighthouse Country. Double the number of Lighthouse Country, 40 handles for one."

"Oh! God! You can't do this!"

"Woo! Friends from Longyuan Village, can you be cheaper, I can't get 20 handles, Smecta!"

Liu Xuan: "Haha! If you want to be cheap, you can choose not to buy it!"

"Axi!"

Liu Xuan: "No more long-winded! You also double the price!"

"No! Fathers of Longyuan Village, I was wrong, Smecta!"

At the moment, the chat channel is full of chaos.

Knowing that Turgenev could no longer build a village, those Western Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang were desperate.

In order to survive, in order to have power stones, they re-purchased from Longyuan Village.

Longyuan Village took the opportunity to increase the price, and immediately made them wailing.

Thinking of their arrogant appearance before, look at the wailing of these dogs at the moment.

The people of Longyuan Village suddenly felt their brows raised, and they were particularly relieved.

Qin Feng smiled and said nothing when he saw this.

The business of Longyuan Village can continue, and he no longer needs to pay attention.

At the moment, he is ready to quit the chat channel.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.