Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 129: Resource Harvest

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: 425 Village Alice used the silver treasure chest to exchange your Dust Shattering Sword (Tier 3). 】

what!

Another gain!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

[Reminder: Yang Yichao from Village 77 used a treasure chest to synthesize cards (Tier 2) and exchanged for your Dragon Elephant Bracers (Tier 2). 】

good! good!

Good things come in pairs!

Qin Feng was delighted, and quickly entered the trading channel and took out the synthetic card and silver treasure chest.

So far, he has two synthetic cards, three silver treasure chests, and one gold treasure chest.

If it goes on like this, he wants to close a second dark treasure chest, which is not far away.

By the way, the map opening task he is doing now is a C-level task.

Tiandao has reminded that if you complete the C-level task, there will be a hidden treasure chest reward!

At this thought, Qin Feng was excited.

He had to rush to Juelongpo, find the Five Elements Seal Altar, unlock the space seal of Longyuan Village, and complete this mission completely.

The hidden treasure chest is too tempting for him!

By the way, he has one more thing to do.

With this in mind, Qin Feng entered the regional channel again and released two personal announcements.

[Personal announcement: Blade of Wind Mark (Tier 4) can be exchanged for gold treasure chest or equivalent items. Interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

[Personal announcement: Fire Magic Gun (Tier 4) can be exchanged for gold treasure chest or equivalent items. Interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

Boom~!

As soon as these two announcements came out, the entire channel was in an uproar.

"Wow! Look at the announcement! 07 Qin Feng is selling two Tier 4 weapons!"

"I bought it! I don't even have a second-order weapon, and he is actually selling a fourth-order weapon."

"Oh! God! This guy is incredible!"

"Wow! Tier 4 weapons! I really want it! Unfortunately, I can't afford it!"

"The power of Tier 4 weapons must be terrifying!"

"Yeah! This Mr. Qin Feng is even shooting fourth-order weapons, which means that he has more than two fourth-order weapons!"

"My God! Too strong! Qin Feng is too strong!"

"Hey! We also said before that Qin Feng is only a little stronger than Turgenev. Where is this stronger? This is simply too much!"

"Yeah! No wonder he established Longyuan Village so early!"

At this moment, everyone sighed.

Even Turgenev jumped out.

Turgenev: "Hey! If I had a Tier 4 weapon, I wouldn't lose my leg."UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Liu Xuan: "Mr. Turgenev, you are right. Equipping is also a kind of strength. That village chief task is not so easy to do. Whoever wants to do the village chief task in the future, it is best to get a Tier 4 weapon. ."

As soon as these words came out, everyone felt that there was some truth.

Many people were moved.

yes!

As powerful as Turgenev, he was crippled in the mission of the village chief.

Many of them are not as good as Turgenev. If they don't start with equipment improvement, how can they do the village chief mission?

There are about a thousand villages, and there are people from all over the world, and many of them are ambitious.

There are many people who are about to reach level 10, and they all want to build a village.

At this moment, Qin Feng issued another announcement.

[Personal Announcement: To purchase Lingcao Lingguo, 1 energy stone can be exchanged for 2 first-order Lingcao or 1 Lingguo. 3 Power Stones can be exchanged for 2 Tier 2 Spirit Grass or 1 Spirit Fruit. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the channel.

"Hey! Rank 1 spirit grass can also be exchanged for power stones! I have one in my hand! This is great!"

"I also have a spirit grass in my hand! Haha! I want to exchange it for a power stone!"

"Haha! I want to change too!"

"I still have a Tier 1 Spirit Fruit. I don't know if it is poisonous or not. I haven't dared to eat it. I just exchanged it for a power stone."

"Oh! Mr. Qin Feng is very powerful this time!"

"Yes! Mr. Qin Feng, put your energy stone on the shelves! I have spirit grass to exchange with you!"

At this moment, the channel is full of enthusiasm.

The people in Longyuan Village looked a little stunned.

No way? !

The boss is actually doing a loss-making business!

You know, if you donate a tier 1 spirit grass, you can only get 3 to 5 contribution points.

2 spirit grass is 6 to 10 contribution points.

A power stone is 10 contribution points.

The boss actually traded 1 energy stone for tier 1 spirit grass, which was a bit of a loss.

As for the value of Tier 1 Spirit Fruit, that is, 8 to 10 Contribution Points, it is slightly lower than the value of 1 Power Stone, and it is not worth it.

The same is true for second-order spirit grass and spirit fruit, which are slightly less valuable than 3 energy stones.

Because of this, no one in Longyuan Village used power stones to buy spirit grass and spirit fruit.

That is simply a loss-making business, not worth it at all.

Of course, the most important thing is that the pharmacist profession has not yet opened up.

It is useless for everyone to get the spirit grass and spirit fruit, they can only be put on the body.

There are only a few courageous people, no matter whether the spirit fruit is poisonous or not, eat it first.

Of course, these are just the views of ordinary villagers.

In Qin Feng's view, he definitely made a profit, and he made a lot of money.

He has the eye of true vision, which can distinguish spirit grass and spirit fruit

He also has endless extractions, so he can extract the essence without using the spirit grass and spirit fruit as medicine, and use it directly for himself.

A tier 1 spirit grass can provide him with 3 to 6 attribute points!

This is a hundred times stronger than a power stone!

What's more, he now has more than 18,000 contribution points in his hand, which can be said to be too many to spend.

The villagers didn't understand Qin Feng's situation and thought that Qin Feng was at a loss.

Qin Feng naturally won't explain.

He was so happy too.

In this way, no one will compete with him for the spirit grass business.

After the announcement was made, Qin Feng donated another 100 ice stones, and set that only villagers above level 9 could exchange it, and each person could only exchange it once.

Last time, he had donated 100 yuan, but he always felt that it was not enough. This time he donated another 100 yuan.

So far, there are only a dozen or so Frost Stones left in his hand.

He also got 2,000 contribution points and collected more than 20,000 contribution points.

Afterwards, he exchanged 20,000 contribution points for 2,000 energy stones, directly linked it to the trading channel, and set it up.

Just after he set it up, dozens of Heavenly Dao reminders came in a row.

[Reminder: Troofsky from Village 44 exchanged 4 tier 1 spirit grasses for your 2 power stones. 】

[Reminder: Chen Yan from Village 77 exchanged 1 tier 1 spiritual fruit for 1 of your energy stones. 】

[Reminder: Michael from Village 895 exchanged 2 tier 1 spirit grasses for 1 of your energy stones. 】

Ha ha!

good! good!

Looking at the dense information prompts, Qin Feng was extremely comfortable.

A thousand to a novice village!

Even if a village produces a spirit grass spirit fruit, there are a thousand plants.

If there are ten plants in a village, there are ten thousand plants.

This resource is huge!

Qin Feng felt excited when he thought about it.

He is using this method to harvest the resources of the entire No. 1 area.

He wants to concentrate the resources of the entire district on himself.

In this way, he will become stronger.

The chances of getting the highest rating in the Holy Martial Examination will also be greatly increased.

Likewise, he will also earn more Contribution Points.

Two thousand energy stones were not enough to scour the entire area for spiritual grass resources.

By the way, there is another promotion channel.

Qin Feng seemed to think of something, entered the regional channel again, and released the fourth personal announcement.

[Personal announcement: Buying the corpse of a king-level beast, the corpse below level 6 can be exchanged for 3 energy stones. Level 7 to 10 corpses can be exchanged for 5 power stones. Publisher: Qin Feng (Longyuan Village). 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there was a sensation in the channel again.

073 "Wow! The corpse of a king-level beast is so valuable!"

"I bought it! I killed a level 2 king beast before, but I lost the body. Woohoo! What a pity!"

"Upstairs, go back and look for it!"

"Axi! The king-level beast is so valuable, I have lost one, and I have to go back and find it!"

"Oh! Why does Mr. Qin Feng want the corpse of a king-level beast?"

"Haha! Our boss buys corpses, and naturally he has his uses. Why do you ask so much?"

"Hey! Everyone, didn't you find out? Mr. Qin Feng released four personal announcements in a row. Didn't you say that the 10th-level powerhouse can only issue two?"

"Yes! Could it be Mr. Qin Feng"

"God! He won't be promoted to level 15, right? Those above level 15 can make five personal announcements in one day!"

"How is this possible?"

"I bought it! This is too exaggerated! I'm only level 5, and Mr. Qin Feng has risen to level 15?"

At this moment, everyone was extremely shocked!

They were so shocked that they didn't know how to describe their feelings.