Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They didn't know that Qin Feng was not only level 15, but level 16.

Of course, Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to this.

After he made his personal announcement, he directly quit the regional channel.

"It's finally done!"

Qin Feng let out a long breath and showed a satisfied smile.

He was full of all kinds of mutant beasts, and only the king-level beasts were not full.

And the extraction of king-level beasts is very powerful.

Naturally, he has to intensify his efforts to acquire.

In short, he is now using various channels in order to improve his strength as soon as possible.

"It's time to go!"

Qin Feng looked up in the direction of Juelongpo.

Then, his figure flashed, and he rushed in that direction.

At the same time, a big harvest of resources is quietly going on in the entire No. 1 area.

Chapter 130: Forbidden Land Guardian

Juelongpo is located in the northwest of Liluo Grassland, and it is also the end of the map of Longyuan Village, which is very far away.

However, Qin Feng was extremely fast.

What's more, he also has the support of fourth-order Fengshen boots, which is extremely fast.

Even so, it took him three hours to arrive near Juelongpo.

Along the way, he also encountered hundreds of beasts, all of which were instantly killed by him.

This allowed him to gain more than 80,000 energy points.

Those ferocious beast corpses were donated, and nearly 100 contribution points were obtained.

Today, his cumulative contribution points are only 1387 points.

In any case, no matter how small mosquitoes are, they are still meat, and those are harvests.

It's just that the 100 or so beast corpses only provided him with 4 attribute points.

It turned out that he had killed all the beasts in the novice area, and all of them had been withdrawn.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Even mutant beasts are no exception.

Only some king beasts can let him continue to extract.

"It seems that the opening of the map is imminent! I have to open the map earlier and see the beasts in the big world. The beasts in the novice area won't give me much benefit."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Endless extraction is his biggest reliance.

The full amount of the beast's extraction naturally limits the display of his talent.

Thinking of this, he continued to walk forward.

Juelongpo is just a few kilometers ahead.

At this moment, it is almost dawn.

The sky lit up with fish belly white, and the light of the morning light gradually rose.

With the weak morning light, Qin Feng discovered that Juelongpo was more like a giant canyon.

On both sides of the canyon are mountains that stretch for thousands of miles, and there is no end in sight.

The top of the mountain was shrouded in gray fog, connecting the sky and the ground, like a barrier between heaven and earth.

Those mists are the spatial seal of this world.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked along the mountain road to the canyon ahead.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Wang Changju has reached 30 stars in combat power, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

good! good!

This is the seventeenth villager with a combat power of 30 stars.

Qin Feng was delighted.

Coming all the way, this kind of good news continued, which made him very comfortable.

If nothing else, he has accumulated 170 points just from the attribute rewards of these subordinates.

However, he was not in a hurry to add points.

By the way, there are 17 people with combat power above 30 stars. How is the progress of the village?

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he opened the operation interface of the village chief.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 1

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 3

[Village population]: 937 people

【Public buildings】: 0.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 316 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Cabin]: 42 seats.

[Strong people above level 10]: 26 people

After seeing this, he was delighted.

Efficiency is very good!

In the past three hours, the number of Grade 1 wooden houses has skyrocketed from 237 to 316.

It looks like everyone is working hard!

The speed of material collection is very fast!

Of course, this is also because the resources of Longyuan Village are extremely rich, which are dozens of times that of ordinary villages, so that such efficiency can be achieved.

By the way, the villagers have gone to logging and quarrying, will it delay their upgrade progress?

Thinking of this problem, Qin Feng was a little worried.

The novice assessment is a sharp sword!

Anyone who did not rise to level 10 during the assessment period will be obliterated by heaven.

He can't just focus on upgrading the village and treat the lives of the villagers as child's play.

What's more, if a villager is lost, he will also lose a future attribute point to feed back the opportunity, which is also a loss.

With this in mind, Qin Feng opened the management interface to check the level progress of the villagers.

As the village head, he can check the level progress of any villager.

Unlike the ranking list, only the top 100 are displayed.

After a while, he finished the investigation, and suddenly heaved a sigh of relief.

The one with the slowest level in Longyuan Village is already level 6 and 37%.

Most people are level 7 and above.

With such a progress, it is no problem to pass the novice assessment.

To his surprise, he arranged for the 11th to 40th level people to sprint to level 10 with all their strength, while the rest were logging and quarrying.

But for those who cut wood and quarry stones, the level progress is still increasing rapidly.

How is this going?

Qin Feng thought for a moment and then understood.

The collected materials can be exchanged for contribution points, and the contribution points can be exchanged for energy stones to upgrade.

With the abundant resources of Longyuan Village, only by logging and quarrying, we can have a good upgrade progress.

"Not bad! It's a good momentum!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

It can be seen that his previous layout was correct.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: Dawn has come, and tonight's 'Lost Village' mission is over. The Blue Star Realm has established a total of 794 villages. 】

The village chief mission is over!

Over the night, there were more than 600 villages, more than six times as many as the previous night.

Thinking about it, every day, the number of people who have risen to level 10 will increase exponentially.

It is not surprising that there are so many more villages this time.

Moreover, among the 10 million novice villages, less than 800 villages are established, and the probability has not yet reached 1 in 10,000.

This shows that building a village is extremely difficult.

From another point of view, the hundreds of villages established in the first batch are undoubtedly the strongest forces.

Of course, this information is also prompting Qin Feng.

Another night had passed, and he didn't have much time left, so he had to speed up the progress of the village's upgrade.

"It's time to act fast!"

Qin Feng opened the village chief authority channel and issued the latest voice command to all the villagers.

At this moment, Qin Feng's voice sounded in the ears of all the villagers in Longyuan Village.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, it's dawn! This is our fourth day of entering the killing world, and there is not much time left for our village to upgrade."

As soon as these words fell, the voices of the villagers could be heard in every corner of the village.

"It's the boss's voice!"

"Wow! The elder brother of the village chief is talking in my ear!"

"I heard that too!"

At this moment, everyone was surprised and happy.

Qin Feng's boss has always seen the head but not the tail, and it is the first time that he can speak so kindly in his ear.

This is one of the authority of the village chief.

You can give orders to any villager in time and space, and you can release the latest tasks at any time.

Even if the villagers are not following the chat channel, they will not miss an order.

At this time, Qin Feng's voice continued to sound.

Qin Feng: "In order to speed up the progress of the village upgrade, it is now slightly adjusted. Those who are in charge of the upgrade tasks have now reached level 10, and now stop killing monsters and doing power stone business."

"You all go to Yiju Mountain immediately to mine iron ore with Liu Xuan and others to increase iron ore resources. For the remaining 14 who have not reached level 10, continue to work hard to upgrade."

"From this moment on, whoever of the 14 of you reaches level 10 will automatically go to Ant Cluster to mine."

After issuing this order, Qin Feng closed the permission channel.

He made such personnel transfer to make full use of manpower and strengthen the collection of iron ore resources.

The lack of iron ore resources has seriously affected the construction of level 2 wooden houses.

Today, the upgrade speed of level 2 wooden houses is still a bit slow.