Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, let those who have reached level 10 go mining and avoid grabbing the upgrade resources that sprint to level 10.

In this way, the upgrade progress of the entire village will be faster.

After making these adjustments, Qin Feng rushed to Juelongpo ahead.

He also has to speed up the task.

After a quarter of an hour, he came to the entrance of a huge canyon.

According to the task prompt, the five-element seal altar is deep in this canyon.

Qin Feng looked up at the canyon ahead.

I saw that the entrance to the canyon was only ten feet wide, and there were ten thousand feet of cliffs on both sides.

At this time, a breeze blew from the valley and stroked Qin Feng's face.

He smelled a faint smell of blood.

This suddenly made him vigilant.

At the moment, he took a deep breath and walked slowly into the valley.

After a while, he entered the canyon, and there was no grass in his eyes.

There are yellowish-reddish soil everywhere, a vicissitudes of life and desolate scene.

Those faint **** smells emanated from these soils.

Could it be that the soil is red with blood?

Qin Feng was suspicious.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

However, he was quickly attracted to one thing.

I saw a gray-white statue standing a hundred meters away.

The statue is a human with delicate features, but with slightly pointed ears, holding a bow and arrow.

"Strange! How come there are human statues in this canyon?"

Qin Feng stepped forward curiously.

But he only took a few steps, and a sudden change occurred in front of him.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The surface of the statue automatically cracked, and numerous fine cracks appeared.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, the gray-white skin of the statue shattered one after another, and a fresh human appeared.

Fuck it~!

The statue is alive!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the Eye of True Sight quickly scanned away.

[Human]: Guardian of the Forbidden Land (mutant level)

[Level]: Level 20

[Combat evaluation]: 52 stars

[Characteristics]: Guarding the forbidden area, seeing death as home, good at long-distance.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 20%

[Origin]: He came from a small world of a thousand worlds, and was killed in the last ten thousand world war. After being resurrected by Tiandao, he transformed into a forbidden area guardian ornament of No. 1 novice area.

【Origin】：Because of being trapped forever, self-inflicted resentment and evil nature.

what!

A level 20 mutant monster!

Looking at these information prompts, what happened to the last World War?

Could it be that the Blue Star Realm will also join a War of Ten Thousand Realms in the future?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the guardian of the forbidden area had looked over coldly.

Chapter 131: There are Spirit Fruits in the Land of the Absolute Dragon

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the guardian of the forbidden area looked over coldly.

Ha ha!

A human who is only level 16 dares to break into the forbidden area of ​​the altar.

Really looking for death!

The guardian pulled the bowstring viciously, and a light arrow of cyan energy condensed out from his fingertips.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This bow is not bad, it can condense light arrows automatically, no need for spare arrows.

At this moment, the guardian pulled the bowstring and loosened his fingers.

huh~!

The cyan light arrow shot out as fast as lightning.

Its speed is obviously several times faster than ordinary arrows.

A smile appeared in the guardian's eyes.

His light arrow is attached with the power of the wind element, which is not only extremely fast, but also extremely powerful.

This level 16 human is dead!

As a first-class human in Xiaoqian world, he didn't take Qin Feng into his eyes at all, because Qin Feng's level was not as high as his.

In just one thought, the arrow of light shot out.

Qin Feng flicked his index finger.

huh~!

A gust of energy shot out from the fingertips and met the light arrow.

sigh~!

In just a split second, the energy pierced through the broken light arrow, and the speed was still unabated, and it penetrated the guardian's eyebrows at once.

puff~!

Blood splashes!

There was a finger-sized hole between the guardian's eyebrows, and blood was flowing.

His eyes widened in astonishment, then slowly fell back.

He couldn't believe it until he died, Qin Feng instantly killed him with a snap of his fingers.

Is the kid in front of him really a human from Xiaoqian World?

This was his last thought before dying!

Bang~!

The Guardian's body fell heavily to the ground.

[Successfully hit 300 and kill the 20-level forbidden guardian (mutation level), and obtain +5000 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level) and obtains +100 Judgment Points. 】

what!

Killing the guardian has a trial value!

good! good!

Qin Feng was quite happy.

Judgment value is extremely rare.

It can only be obtained by killing some rare monsters.

For example, the two-headed dog of hell, the messenger of resentment, the demon, the demon king of hell, and the guardian of the forbidden area in front of him.

This level 20 guardian gave 100 Judgment Points, which is quite a lot.

In this way, his vocation progress is Level 4 Inquisitor (795/1000), which is not far from the next level.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily stepped forward and harvested his spoils.

He also found a problem. Like the Wraith Messenger, this guardian has no reputation for the first kill.

I don't know if it's because of the previous human beings.

When he walked to the guardian's body, he picked up the spiritual bow.

[Wind Spirit Bow: A second-order item, automatically condenses the light arrow of the wind, attack +30, fire rate +100%, wind power amplitude +50%]

what!

The attributes of this bow are considered the best in the second-order.

Especially suitable for those who master the power of the wind system.

This is a nice gain.

Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction, and then extracted the body

【Endless extraction success! You get a D-rank talent - Wind Manipulation! 】

Ha ha!

He finally got a new talent.

Qin Feng was surprised.

Later, he discovered that he could sense the power of the wind that strayed between heaven and earth.

As his mind moved, Qingguang circulated around his body, and his body became a little lighter.

That is the wind manipulation talent!

With this talent, he will be faster in the future.

This greatly improved his overall strength.

After a while, Qin Feng cleaned up the battlefield and continued to move forward.

Before long, he encountered three more statues.

A tiger-headed figure holding a giant axe.

One has a thin face and holds a staff.

A crony is flowing, holding a long sword.

These three are guardians, they should be from three different Xiaoqian worlds, so they look different.

Suddenly, a breeze blew, and the air was filled with a faint smell of blood, which was also mixed with a faint floral fragrance.

what! Floral?

Qin Feng hurriedly looked in the direction of the fragrance, and saw that there were more than a dozen spiritual plants growing on the mountain road behind the three statues, all of them half the height of a person.

There are five claw-shaped spiritual leaves on it, which are shaped like dragon claws, with golden leaves and a red spiritual fruit at the top.

At this sight, his eyes lit up.

Ha ha!

Aren't these dragon blood fruits?

【Name】: Dragon's Blood Fruit