Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Grade Rank]: Second-Order Spirit Fruit

【Origin】: Born after absorbing a ray of dragon blood.

[Effect 1]: Non-toxic, can greatly enhance strength, agility, and physique after eating

[Effect 2]: After eating, there is a 0.1% chance to obtain a trace of dragon's true blood.

Qin Feng was very excited.

He once ate a dragon blood fruit and awakened his bloodline talent.

Not everyone who eats the dragon's blood fruit can awaken the bloodline talent.

Even if the people of the Dragon Kingdom eat the dragon blood fruit, only a few can awaken the bloodline talent.

Bloodline talent is extremely difficult to awaken!

But once awakened, as long as you obtain this kind of bloodline talent, you can continuously strengthen your bloodline talent.

Qin Feng ate a dragon's blood fruit and it was effective, which proved that this spirit fruit was effective for him.

He can continue to trigger the Dragon Blood Awakening magic effect with a 0.1% chance of Dragon Blood Fruit.

In other words, to others, the dragon's blood fruit is just a second-order spiritual fruit.

For Qin Feng, the effect of dragon blood fruit is comparable to the third-order spiritual fruit.

Ha ha!

Good luck this time!

I found more than a dozen dragon blood fruits at once!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became, so he walked towards the dragon blood fruit.

At the same time, he thought of a question.

Why does this place grow so many dragon blood fruits?

By the way, the soil here is yellow and reddish, and it also exudes a faint smell of blood.

Could it be soaked in dragon blood?

Only in this way can we explain why so many dragon blood fruits grow here.

By the way, this place is called Juelongpo!

Why Absolute Dragon?

Naturally, it is the place where dragons die.

Qin Feng suddenly realized in his heart.

At this moment, as he approached, the three statues in front began to mutate.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In just a moment, the gray-white skins of the three statues shattered one after another and turned into living people.

With this resurrection, the three guardians looked at Qin Feng.

Ha ha!

A human who is only level 16.

One man and one woman showed disdain, and they were about to kill Qin Feng.

The old man with the law enforcement stick, his eyes were deep, revealing the light of wisdom.

When he looked at Qin Feng for the first time, he was shocked and terrified.

"He...he is a novice emperor!"

Boom~!

As soon as the old man's words fell, the faces of the men and women on the side changed greatly, showing extreme panic.

how can that be?

Level 16 emperor?

Even human beings in the great world are rarely able to do it.

How did the human beings in this small world do it?

Is he really that strong?

Or did the old man get it wrong?

But before they thought about it, Qin Feng took the lead.

Knife light flashed!

Under the use of the wind element talent, it is as fast as lightning!

Swish~!

The sword energy of more than thirty feet swept across the spot!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

With the sound of three cuts!

The three heads flew up!

Blood rush!

The three guardians were killed in a row before they could even scream.

Immediately afterwards, the three headless corpses slowly fell to the ground.

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. 】

【You have been promoted to level 5 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

Om~!

Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling upgraded white light.

The warm feeling spread all over his body, very comfortable

good! good!

The vocation has been upgraded again, which has increased his strength.

In a good mood, he stepped forward and began to reap his spoils

Chapter 132 Bloodline Evolution! Talent enhancement!

Soon, Qin Feng walked over to the guardian's body and picked up their weapons.

A sword, an axe, and a staff are all second-order weapons of good quality.

Qin Feng was very satisfied, put in the storage ring, and then began to extract the three corpses.

【Endless extraction success! You have gained 5 strength attributes! 】

Uh~!

The corpse of the first man actually only gave 5 strength attributes.

It seems that Qin Feng has already possessed more advanced talents, so it is not talent that is extracted.

Qin Feng is not surprised.

5 points of strength attribute, not bad harvest~.

He went on to extract the second body.

【Endless extraction success! You get - 5 Dexterity stats! 】

continue!

He went to the last old man's body - the corpse.

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the second-order skill - Eye of Insight! 】

[The Eye of Insight is an advanced version of the Eye of True Sight, and your Eye of True Sight has been automatically upgraded to the Eye of Insight. 】

[Eye of Insight: A second-order skill, the ability to spy on the essence of things is ten times that of the Eye of True Sight, which can crack various illusions and invisibility. 】

what!

The Eye of True Sight has advanced!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Endless extraction is magic!

Even skills can be extracted.

However, it seems that he needs to have relevant skills before he can extract it.

Just like this eye of insight, Qin Feng has a related skill - the eye of true vision.

Thinking of this, he suddenly thought that the old man could tell at a glance that he was a novice emperor.

The other two guardians didn't notice.

It can be seen that the eye of insight is very powerful!

good! good!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

He was worried that the True Sight could not detect the purpose of the fiery red lotus.

Now with the eye of insight, it should be able to detect it.

However, he doesn't have time to deal with the fiery red lotus now, and he still has a bigger harvest to collect.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked towards the dozen or so dragon blood fruits.

In just a moment, he was finished picking.

A total of twelve dragon blood fruits were obtained.

To him, this is equivalent to the value of twelve Tier 3 Spirit Fruits!

Smelling the refreshing fruity fragrance, Qin Feng took a big bite.

Kacha~!

The flesh has the salty taste of blood, sweet and salty, and the taste is not bad.

Qin Feng ate one in a few seconds.

The flesh of the fruit entered his stomach, turned into shreds of energy and flowed through his body, seeping into his blood...

After a while, he was hot all over, his blood boiled, and the energy of the dragon's blood fruit was melting into his blood...

[Successfully absorb the energy of dragon blood fruit, you get 5 points of strength attribute, 4 points of agility attribute, and 5 points of constitution attribute. 】

good! good!

As last time, a total of 14 attributes were obtained.

However, this is just the normal role of dragon blood fruit.

This thought made the blood in his body boil again.

[Your bloodline talent is activated, and the concentration of true dragon blood in your body increases. 】DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com