Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[You awakened the power of dragon blood, strength +8, agility +6, constitution +8, energy +4. 】

good! good!

Sure enough, as he expected, 0.1% of the Dragon Blood Kingdom obtained the effect of the true blood of the dragon, which was triggered by him.

In this way, this dragon blood fruit brought him 40 attributes, which was comparable to the effect of a third-order spiritual fruit.

Keep eating!

Qin Feng took out the second dragon blood and ate it...

[Successfully absorb the energy of dragon blood fruit, you get 4 points of strength attribute, 4 points of agility attribute, and 6 points of constitution attribute. 】

[Your bloodline talent is activated, and the concentration of true dragon blood in your body increases. 】

[You awakened the power of dragon blood, strength +7, agility +7, constitution +8, energy +5. 】

After a while, the second one was finished.

0.1% gain the effect of Dragon's True Blood, trigger again.

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to eat the remaining ten.

Half an hour later, all ten dragon blood fruits were eaten.

This allowed him to gain a total of about 480 points of attribute increase, and his strength skyrocketed a lot.

"It tastes really good! I wonder if there are dragon blood fruits in this canyon?"

Qin Feng licked his lips, a little unfulfilled.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The blood concentration of the true dragon in your body has reached 1.7%. When it reaches 3%, your bloodline talent will be promoted to D rank, and an inheritance skill will be awakened randomly. 】

what!

It can be so!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise.

Ha ha!

It turns out that the bloodline talent reaches a certain level, and the skills can be awakened.

This is really good!

What's more, the real dragon is a super divine beast and is extremely powerful.

Its inheritance skills should be very strong!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to the improvement of bloodline talent.

By the way, how much has the combat power improved after this operation?

With this in mind, he opened the personal panel.

[Level]: Level 16 (617000/)

[Occupation]: Level 5 Judge (95/2000)

[Reputation]: 104 (novice emperor)

0

[Strength]: 1135+270 (The Profound Truth of Power, Grade B)

[Agility]: 1124+140 (the true meaning of speed, C level)

[Physical constitution]: 1121+65 (the true meaning of the body, C level)

[Energy]: 1144+100 (Six senses psychic, B level.)

[Elemental Talents]: Profound Truth of Fire (Class B), Profound Truth of Earth (Class B), Profound Truth of Ice (Water) (Class B), Profound Truth of Wood (Class B), Profound Truth of Darkness (Class B), True Meaning of Gold ( Class C), Wind Control (Class D)

[Blood talent]: E-level blood enhancement (dragon blood 1.7%)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of Insight (Tier 2), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Outward Energy (Tier 3), Rejuvenation (Tier 3), Phantom Clone (Tier 3), Shadow Binding (Tier 3) ), Ice Storm (Tier 4), Spiritism (Tier 4), Hellfire (Tier 4)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 117 stars

[Free attribute]: 170 points

good! good!

Before he knew it, his combat power had soared to 117 stars.

With such strength, he should be able to get a good evaluation in the sacred artifact assessment!

Qin Feng looks more and more satisfied.

However, if he wants to get the highest rating, he has to keep working hard.

Of course, the most urgent thing now is to unlock the seal of the Five Elements.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng moved on.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Li Haoran's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

what!

Another reward.

This is the eighteenth.

Qin Feng felt relieved.

It seems that the brothers are working hard!

He also had to speed up the task.

Immediately, he accelerated and walked into the canyon

The further you go into the canyon, the darker the soil on the ground becomes, and the stronger the blood smell in the air.

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Qin Feng walked all the way and did not see any guardians, but he collected three dragon blood along the way, all of which were swallowed by him.

As a result, his combat power has skyrocketed, and it has been upgraded to 119 stars.

The dragon blood concentration in the body has increased to 1.9%, which is one step closer to the 3% D-level bloodline talent threshold.

At this moment, Qin Feng has come to the deepest part of the canyon.

He finally saw the Five Elements Sealing Altar, but was also shocked by the sight in front of him.

Chapter 133 Slaughter the audience! Continuous promotion!

I saw the front, three sides are ten thousand feet of cliffs.

A huge white bone thousands of feet long, shaped like a keel, stretches across the center of the canyon, and is extremely imposing.

Taking a closer look at the bones, it exudes the vicissitudes of the ancient times, and it also implies the meaning of endless slaughter.

It is like a silent giant beast, lying there, making people palpitate.

This should be the skeleton of a dragon, right? !Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the eye of insight scanned it away.

[Name]: Jiaolong's skeleton (seventh order)

[Tips]: Jiaolong is a second-class dragon, and its strength ranges from the seventh to the ninth order.

[Origin]: Thousands of years ago, this evil dragon was beheaded here, and Houtian Dao used the power of its residual dragon blood and dragon soul as the source of power to build the space seal of this place.

hiss~!

Qin Feng took a deep breath.

The dragons in this world seem to be extremely powerful!

Only the seventh-order Jiaolong skeleton is thousands of feet long.

Thousands of years after his death, he is still arrogant.

If it is alive, I am afraid it will be even more terrifying.

You know, this is still the weakest seventh-order existence among the dragons.

And the Jiaolong is a second-class dragon, far less than the real dragon.

It can be seen that the real dragon is powerful.

However, Jiaolong is a descendant of a true dragon, with a very high concentration of true dragon blood and a dragon soul.

Thinking about it all here, Qin Feng continued to watch.

He also discovered that the Jiaolong skeleton had been chopped into several pieces, and the head and neck bones were also broken.

It can be seen that when the dragon was slaughtered, this place was an earth-shattering battle. The dragon's blood stained the yellow soil, and it became what it looks like today.

It can be said: the dragon fights in the wild, its blood is dark yellow.

Now, thousands of years have passed, and the soil in the valley still smells of blood.

In some places, the second-order spiritual fruit, the dragon's blood fruit, has also grown.

And around this Jiaolong skeleton, there are nearly a hundred dragon blood fruits growing.

As soon as he saw those dragon blood fruits, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

If he can get these dragon blood fruits, his bloodline talent will definitely increase by leaps and bounds, and his strength will also skyrocket.

However, he did not immediately go to pick the spiritual fruit.

Because in front of the Jiaolong skeleton, there is a huge altar with a diameter of 100 feet and a height of 10 feet.

Above the altar, there are five huge rune columns.

This should be the Five Elements Seal Altar.

Around this altar, there are nearly a hundred human-shaped statues.

Those are forbidden guardians.

If he was going to pick the spiritual fruit, he would have to pass the altar, which would also alert the hundreds of guardians.

However, Qin Feng did not take these guardians seriously.

His eyes fell on the center of the altar.

There was a black-robed man sitting there.

Since Qin Feng came in until now, the man has been sitting cross-legged, bowing his head and closing his eyes.

Until this moment, he seemed to sense Qin Feng's gaze, so he slowly raised his head and opened his eyes, revealing a pair of golden pupils.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also launched the eye of insight on him.

[Human]: Keeper of the Forbidden Land (Emperor)

[Level]: Level 20

[Combat evaluation]: 109 stars

[Characteristics]: Absolutely guarding, unswerving until death

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Talent]: B-level gold mystery, B-level soil mystery, D-level light manipulation

[Origin]: From Zhongqian World, he was one of the dragon slayers and died in the dragon slaying battle. Tiandao resurrected it and became the guardian of this forbidden land.

[Reminder]: Because he was killed in the dragon slaughter, he hates all creatures with the breath of the dragon.

Huh~!

This guy actually has three talents, two B grades and one D grade.

These three innate abilities are superimposed, and I am afraid that they are stronger than those with A-level talents.