Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

However, what Qin Feng is most interested in is that this guy has mastered the profound meaning of B-level gold.

If he can obtain this guy's gold-type talent, then he can't fuse the A-level talent with the five elements.

That would also be his first A-level combat talent.

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

At this moment, the guards also finished looking at Qin Feng.

"Heh! A small world human who is only level 16!"

The guardian spoke lightly, but his tone was full of disdain.

"Who are you?" Qin Feng asked knowingly.

The guardian smiled coldly: "You are not qualified to know! Human, you have an aura I hate!"

He sensed that Qin Feng had the breath of the dragon family.

This is what he hates the most.

Therefore, the moment he saw Qin Feng, he felt disgusted in his heart, and also became even more disdainful.

People always depreciate and despise things they hate.

This is the mentality of the Guardians.

From the beginning to the end, he did not take Qin Feng seriously.

Before Qin Feng could speak, he waved his hand.

"Kill this human being for this deity!"

As soon as the voice fell, there was a sudden change in the field.

Click~! Ka~! Ka~!

Suddenly, the surfaces of hundreds of statues cracked automatically at the same time, and countless fine cracks appeared...

Qin Feng was startled, and could not help clenching the handle of the knife.

Seeing this, the guards sneered disdainfully.

This human is really scared!

Come to think of it, with the strength of this human being of level 16, it is not bad to be able to break into this place.

But to face the siege of a hundred or so guardians, it is certain to die.

Thinking of this, the guardian slowly closed his eyes and continued to meditate, with no intention of taking action at all.

In his opinion, there is no need for him to take action at all, these men can solve Qin Feng in one minute.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, the gray-white skins of the hundreds of statues shattered one after another, and the guardians were resurrected one by one.

The guardian also closed his eyes and lowered his head to meditate again.

But at the moment he bowed his head, Qin Feng shot.

huh~! huh~!

I saw Qin Feng split into three, and instantly released two clones.

Swish~!

The next second, he and the two clones rushed into the guardian group at the same time.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Knife gas vertical and horizontal!

Join together!

Wherever the sword qi passed, those guardians had no power to resist, and they were all split into two pieces!

Even if the strength of the two clones is only half of Qin Feng's, they can still kill the guardian in seconds.

Puff~! Puff~! Puff~!

Just like that, the blood in the field splashed again and again~!

The sound of cutting is endless!

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. ã€‘

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points 0]

[Your clone successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. ã€‘

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng and the two clones killed dozens of guardians

Under the influence of the wind element talent, their shots are extremely fast, and with the naked eye, they can only see afterimages!

At the same moment, the guardian was closing his eyes and smiling at the corner of his mouth.

He heard the continuous slicing of meat.

What a fast knife!

This human is too weak!

How could he be chopped like this by his own men's swords as soon as he started.

It is estimated that in less than a minute, it will be chopped into mashed meat.

what!

Something seems wrong!

The guardian suddenly felt that something was wrong and opened his eyes involuntarily.

When he opened his eyes, he was stunned.

I saw Qin Feng and the two clones frantically slaughtering their subordinates.

That scene wasn't called a battle at all, but a pure slaughter.

The strength gap between the two sides is too great.

Damn it!Fá»‹ğ’dd ğ’ew updğ’‚tğ’†s on n(o)v/e/lğ’ƒin(.)com

The guards are furious!

At this moment, there are only seven Guardians left in the field.

He was about to come to the rescue.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Dao Qi of dozens of meters cut through the sky.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. ã€‘

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden guardian (mutation level), obtains +5000 energy points, and obtains +100 judgment points. ã€‘

[Killing the 20-level forbidden guardian (mutation level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. ã€‘

With just one knife, Qin Feng instantly killed seven guardians and exploded a silver treasure chest.

The guardian, who was about to get up, was completely dumbfounded, his mouth wide open.

At the same moment, Qin Feng was inexplicably surprised.

0.4 shit~!

Killing the guardian actually exploded a silver treasure chest, this is the first time!

You must know that even a level 10 king-level beast cannot burst into a silver treasure chest.

Good luck with this!

Before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao continued to send reminders.

ã€You have been promoted to level 6 judge successfully! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

what!

The vocation has been promoted!

ã€You have been promoted to level 7 judge successfully! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 20 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 20 points! ã€‘

Ha ha!

This is a continuous promotion!

Qin Feng was surprised!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, a dazzling upgraded white light lit up on his body, and his momentum soared wildly wave after wave.

The guards were shocked to see it!

His face turned completely gloomy.

Chapter 134 Killing! Magical golden spirit!

The guards were shocked to see it!

His face was completely gloomy...

"It's the deity who underestimates you!"

The guard slowly got up.

At this moment, as if he was facing a great enemy, his expression became very solemn, and he no longer had any contempt.

Obviously, Qin Feng's strength just revealed completely shocked him.

Why is this human who is only level 16 so strong? !

At that moment, he even thought that he had encountered an earth-level powerhouse.

Only an earth-level powerhouse can have such terrifying strength!

However, he can be sure.

This human is not an earth-level powerhouse.

Because the seal of Longyuan Village has not been opened, no one can go to the Vientiane Temple to accept the sacred martial arts assessment of the Heavenly Dao.

Without the baptism of the Holy Martial Examination, it is impossible to advance to the prefecture level.

No matter how strong the human-level powerhouse is, he is still human after all!

Only after the transformation of the heavenly way can the essence of life undergo transformation, and can it be elevated from the ordinary to the spiritual, thus becoming an extraordinary earth-level powerhouse.

In short, the strength of this human being is extremely strong.

He must go all out to defeat the opponent!

"The deity now understands why Tiandao will double my strength. I think it's because of your existence."