Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

However, he has a talent for visual transcendence and has night vision ability.

Soon, he got used to the darkness and could see things within 20 meters of his body.

The cave is deep and extends all the way to the ground.

The further you go, the darker it gets, and the colder the air becomes.

After walking about 500 meters, he finally reached the end of the cave.

He did not see any beasts, but only saw a circular light curtain at the bottom of the cave, as tall as a person, exuding a dim aura.

At first glance, the light curtain looks like a door of light.

what!

This is?

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He quickly walked over, stretched out a hand, and carefully touched the door of light.

In the next second, his hand easily penetrated the door of light without taking any damage.

At this time, he dared to pass through the door of light.

After passing through the gate of light, his intuition brightened, and he found that he had entered a small valley with cliffs on all sides.

There are all kinds of exotic flowers and plants in the eye, and the air is filled with a refreshing grass fragrance.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the Eye of True Sight scanned away...

Elderberry (Tier 1 Spirit Grass), Nourishing Heart Grass (Tier 1 Spirit Grass), Tongjing Grass (Tier 1 Spirit Grass), Shouwu (Tier 1 Spirit Grass), Daigo Incense (Tier 1 Spirit Grass)…

Fuck it~!

It's actually all Tier 1 spirit grass!

There are about 40 of them!

Here's to a fortune!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

[Reminder: You have stepped into a different space, and the ranking channel will not be available. Personal information channels and chat channels can still be used normally. 】

The sudden reminder made Qin Feng slightly stunned.

It was at this moment that his eyes were aimed at the bottom of the valley, and his expression changed slightly.

At the bottom of the valley, three mutant beasts, saber-toothed rabbit, mutant black rat, and tusk wild boar, suddenly squatted there and stared at him coldly.

Next to the three beasts, there were two human corpses.

One has black hair and yellow skin, vaguely the body of Liu Yunchang.

He has a little impression of Liu Yunchang. After all, he is one of the powerhouses who awakened the D-level talent, so he naturally recognizes it.

The other corpse had blond hair, white skin, tall stature, and was wearing a suit and tie. At first glance, it was not from the Dragon Kingdom, but a Caucasian.

Qin Feng was a little stunned.

No. 911 Novice Village, all people from Longguo, not a single Caucasian.

How could the corpse of this white man appear here?

His mind moved, and the Eye of True Sight scanned it away...

[Race]: Human (dead)

【Origin】: From No. 496 Novice Village

[Level]: Level 2

【talent】:? ? ?T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

what!

It turned out that the white man was from another novice village.

Qin Feng was stunned.

It seems that this space can be connected to many novice villages.

After all, Tiandao started this killing game, invested tens of billions of Blue Stars, and established tens of millions of novice villages.

It is not surprising to be able to connect to other novice villages.

Having said that, one more body is definitely a good thing.

He can extract one more talent.

The white man's corpse showed talent, but he couldn't detect what kind of talent it was.

However, being able to upgrade to level 2 in such a short period of time is definitely not bad.

Thinking of this, he was a little chuckled.

It was at this moment that the three beasts in front of them made a commotion and moved away automatically to reveal the things behind them.

Qin Feng was stunned when he saw the thing clearly.

It was a mummified corpse sitting cross-legged, with its head lowered, with dry yellow hair, and wearing weird clothes.

What is shocking is that it has a transparent hole the size of a bowl on its chest, allowing people to see the internal organs that have been dried.

Obviously, this mummy was shot through the chest and died, and it was too dead to die.

Even Qin Feng could smell the corpse stench it exudes.

But he didn't dare to take it lightly, because three mutated beasts were standing in front of the mummified corpse, as if protecting the mummified corpse...

Chapter 17 Fighting hard! Kill the corpse!

Qin Feng's mind moved, and the eye of true vision swept towards the mummified corpse...

[Race]: Human (dead)

【Origin】: From Zhongqian World

[Level]: Level 4

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 6 stars

[Characteristics]: Hiding evil energy, waiting for the rebirth of blood.

【Skill】:? ? ?

【talent】:? ? ?

[Reminder]: Extremely evil

Fuck it~!

This corpse has 6-star combat power!

What's more terrifying is that it has awakened talents and mastered skills.

Then his comprehensive strength can definitely reach 7 stars or more, or even stronger.

What's more, this mummy has three mutant beasts to help.

And Qin Feng's assessment of his comprehensive strength is only 6 stars.

In such a comparison, the situation is extremely unfavorable for him.

By the way, the message actually suggested extreme evil, could it be this mummified corpse?

But without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the mummy slowly raised its head...

Qin Feng was terrified and could not help but take a step back.

The long, dry and yellow hair of the mummy slipped to the sides, revealing bizarre eyes, exuding a faint green light, which was captivating.

It stared directly at Qin Feng, very terrifying, and there was a look of contempt in the depths of its eyes.

Ha ha!

A human from Xiaoqian World, and only level 3.

Even if its body is dead and cannot move, it can easily crush the humans of this small world.

Speaking of which, this human being broke into its territory, it is simply a gift from heaven to it!

It needs human blood, especially the blood of living people.

However, it couldn't move, it could only control a few mutant beasts and drag in some human corpses.

But those beasts are too stupid, and every time they drag in, they are dead people.

This time, a living person broke in by himself.

that is really good!

"Jie! Jie!"

Thinking of the warm human blood, the mummified corpse couldn't help laughing strangely.

Qin Feng only felt that his scalp was numb.

At this moment, the mummy's eyes suddenly lit up.

Om~!

A terrifying mental wave emanated from its eyes...

Qin Feng suddenly felt that the mummified corpse's eyes were constantly expanding, like a bottomless abyss, involving his consciousness...

He felt a whirlwind.

The next second, he was horrified to discover that he could not control his body...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the wild boar with fangs, the mutant black rat, and the saber-toothed rabbit rushed towards him at the same time...

Qin Feng was shocked.

At this moment, he couldn't move his body and could only let the three mutant beasts attack, the situation was very critical.

Jie~! Jie~!

The mummified laughter echoed in the valley.

In the blink of an eye, the fastest mutant black rat rushed to Qin Feng and bit his chest...

roar~!

Qin Feng roared in his heart!

Click~!

A crisp sound from the depths of the soul!

He suddenly broke free from the mental control of the mummified corpse, and his eyes burst out.

At the same moment, he stumbled and escaped the mutated black rat's bite in a thrilling way, and the long knife in his hand was raised upwards.

puff~!

A soft sound!

The sharp point of the knife cut a **** opening on the body of the mutant black rat.

"what!"

The mummy was taken aback.

This human from Xiaoqian World actually broke free from his mental control.

how can that be? !

Generally, a level 3 human in Xiaoqian World has an energy index of around 30 points, and it is impossible to break free from his mental control.

Swish~! Swish~!

At this time, the saber-toothed rabbit and the fang-toothed wild boar were also killed, and the two beasts collided fiercely.