Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The guards spoke slowly.

Qin Feng's heart moved.

The Demon Lord of Hell also said something similar 07.

It can be seen that the difficulty of his task has indeed doubled.

However, this is no longer important.

As long as he destroys the guardian in front of him, he can unlock the seal of the altar and complete this task.

"Human, if the deity is not wrong, the Demon King of Hell has already lost your life?"

"Your Excellency, take action!" Qin Feng was a little impatient.

The guardian was furious: "Arrogant!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand.

Boom~Long~Long!

Behind the altar, the earth shook.

Bang~!

A flurry of dust.

I saw a long sword break out of the ground, circled in the air, and fell into the hands of the guardian.

Qin Feng stared at it.

I saw that the long sword was sharp, and the cold light was flowing. At first glance, it was a powerful fourth-order weapon.

At this moment, the guardian flipped his right palm, and another lightsaber slowly rose from his palm.

Qin Feng was surprised and quickly scanned the lightsaber.

[Golden Spirit: The person who controls the B-level golden mystery, through special means, took a hundred years to condense. 】

At this moment, the golden spirit and the long sword in the guardian's hands merged into one.

Om~!

In the next second, the long sword's aura exploded, its momentum skyrocketed, and it reached the level of a fifth-order weapon in a blink of an eye.

what!

After the fusion of the 'Golden Spirit' and the weapon, it can actually increase the power of the weapon.

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up, and he was hot.

This 'Golden Spirit' is definitely a treasure!

Weapons will be replaced, but the 'Golden Spirit' will not.

It can be fused with any weapon to increase the power of the weapon.

Ha ha!DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This treasure!

He's set!

Only after this thought came to mind, the Guardian took action.

Swish~!

The guards dodged and killed Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Qin Feng and stabbed his chest with a sword.

Om~!

The long sword fused with the 'Golden Spirit' lit up with a dazzling white light, fully reaching the level of a fifth-order weapon, and its momentum was earth-shattering.

Qin Feng's footsteps made a mistake, and his figure slanted slightly.

Swish~!

The guard's sword suddenly slashed into the air, hitting Qin Feng's shoulder on the ground.

Boom~!

A loud bang!

Earth shakes!

dusty!

That sword actually cut out a ten-zhang-long sword pit, several feet deep, and it was extremely powerful.

Swish~!

At the same moment, the sword light flashed and cut through the sky.

Under the blessing of the wind element talent, the knife was so fast that it was impossible to dodge.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

That knife split the defender in half.

Boom~!

But in the next second, the guardian's two bodies collapsed and turned into countless quicksand.

That is the earth-based skill of the guardian - turning into sand with a body!

In a blink of an eye, the quicksand that the two bodies had turned into gathered together, and then re-formed into a human shape. After a change, it returned to its original appearance again.

The Guardian is back to life!

"Damn!"

Qin Feng scolded secretly, then dodged and killed the guardian.

It seems that if he wants to kill the guardian, he must first crack the technique of quicksand.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng was in front of the guardian.

The guards were terrified.

When~! When~! When~!

Suddenly, the swords collided again and again.

The sound of the symphony of gold and iron resounds through the canyon!

The field is even more shattered, the sun and the moon are dull.

Suddenly, the guards found in horror that their legs could not move, as if they were bound by something.

He quickly looked down and saw Qin Feng's shadow stretched out several tentacles, which bound his legs and made him unable to move.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng slashed with a knife.

The Guardians can no longer avoid it.

Om~!

At the critical moment, his long sword suddenly lit up with an extremely dazzling white light.

This is exactly his Light Element Skill - Great Sun Bright Light Technique!

The strong light appeared, like the sky in the daytime, shining for thousands of miles.

In an instant, Qin Feng's shadow disappeared under the strong light.

The keeper was immediately freed from the shackles.

At the same time, Qin Feng was caught off guard, his eyes were illuminated by the strong light, and he suddenly felt a blank space in front of him, and he could no longer see anything else.

He was blinded by the bright light!

The guards were overjoyed when they saw this scene.

The Great Sun Light Technique is his trump card!

He has always liked to use this technique to sneak up on others, causing people to be caught off guard and lose their vision.

This time it was still successful!

Ha ha!

He's going to turn around!

This man is dead!

But in the next second, the guardians realized that something was wrong.

Qin Feng couldn't see anything, but his attack didn't stop at all.

It turns out that Qin Feng has the talent of six senses, even if his vision is damaged, his hearing, smell, and touch can still assist in the battle without being affected in the slightest.

Hear the wind!

Target locked!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The long knife falls!

puff~!

A burst of blood!

Qin Feng slashed the guardian in two with one knife again.

Bang~! Bang~!

The two corpses fell to the ground, collapsed, turned into two groups of quicksand, and began to gather together.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred.

I saw the cold swept across and the ground was frozen.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

A few miles around, all became frozen soil.

The two groups of quicksand were also frozen, and they couldn't gather in the same place.

This is the power of Qin Feng's ice element talent, which has played a magical role at this moment.

roar~!

The roar of the guardians resounded in the quicksand.

If the two groups of quicksand can't converge, he can't be resurrected.

He really did not expect that Qin Feng had so many means.

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng's vision had recovered, and he rushed up directly and slashed at the quicksand.

Swish~! Swish 157~! Swish~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the field, the light of the knife flashed continuously, and the sound of explosions continued.

The screams of the guards kept echoing.

"Stupid human! You will regret it! You will definitely regret it! When the seal is released, that will be your real death! Haha!! Ah...!"

With the last shrill scream, the guardian was finally beheaded.

The phantom quicksand disappeared, turning back into two pieces of corpses that had been chopped to pieces...

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden area guardian (imperial level), you get +35000 energy points. 】

[Killing the 20-level Forbidden Land Guardian (Emperor-level) successfully, you get +6 reputation points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 forbidden area guardian (imperial level), you get +350 judgment value. 】