Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Killing the 20-level forbidden area guardian (imperial level) successfully, the golden treasure chest exploded. 】

Whoo~!DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Finally beheaded!

A golden treasure chest was also revealed.

Qin Feng let out a sigh of relief and was quite happy.

By the way, the guardian said just before his death that I will regret it after unsealing it, and that will be my death.

Is this guy fooling me?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He naturally felt that the Guardians were untrustworthy.

Of course, it's a good thing to keep an eye out, but he still has to be more cautious.

In any case, he will finish the battlefield first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked around, his face full of joy.

This time is definitely a bumper harvest!

There are a hundred guardians and one guardian.

All the spoils of war are waiting for him to harvest!

By the way, on the other side of the altar, there are more than 100 dragon blood fruits......

Chapter 135: The Power of the Dragon Soul

At the moment, Qin Feng began to clean up the battlefield.

It took him a full quarter of an hour to initially clear the battlefield, and he obtained a total of about a hundred second-order weapons, a silver treasure chest, and a gold treasure chest.

There are also fourth-order weapons - the lightning sword, and the magical 'Golden Spirit'.

After the guardian died, the golden spirit did not collapse, and was always attached to the Xunguang sword.

Qin Feng still didn't know how to control it, and he didn't have time to study it at the moment, so he put it into the storage ring together with the Xunguang sword.

Then, he began to extract the body of the guardian.

After another half an hour, he extracted a hundred or so corpses and obtained a total of about 500 attributes.

This made his strength skyrocket again, and his combat power had risen to 127 stars unknowingly.

Even better, in the process of extraction, he strengthened his two major talents.

Respectively, the wind element talent D level has been strengthened to C level.

The physique talent C level has been strengthened to B level.

After this, his comprehensive strength has skyrocketed by a lot.

At this moment, he began to extract the last corpse, the corpse of the guardian.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a B-level talent - the mystery of gold! 】

[Your gold talent is automatically promoted from C level to B level! 】

[It is detected that your five-element talent has reached B level, and the five-element talent has begun to merge...]

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body was roaring constantly, and the five-colored aura was flowing on his body, and his momentum was amazing.

Metal produces water, water produces wood, wood produces fire, fire produces earth, and earth regenerates metal, which is endless.

The five elements are interdependent, which is the principle of the Great Dao.

Therefore, the mutual generation of the five elements is the power of a law.

Boom~Long~Long!

[The five elements of talent are successfully integrated, and you will obtain an A-level talent—the five elements of profound meaning. 】

good! good!

Finally have a combat class A talent.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

With the A-level combat talent, his overall strength has increased more than a little bit.

It can be said that he now has many talents and abilities superimposed, which is comparable to SS-level combat talents.

And that's just a small beginning!

If the levels of many of his combat talents are raised to S rank or above, the power will definitely far exceed any SSS-level combat talents, which is unimaginable.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot and he is full of expectations for the future.

By the way, it's time to pick the spiritual fruit.

With this in mind, he walked to the back of the altar and started picking those dragon blood fruits.

After a quarter of an hour, he finished picking and got a total of 103 dragon blood fruits.

"Hey! The two storage rings are almost full! It seems that I have to get another one."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, but he was very happy.

This time, his harvest was full, and the two storage rings were almost full.

By the way, the last sentence the guardian said, I don't know if it is true or not.

I'd better prepare more.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to eat dragon blood fruit.

Before he wants to unlock the seal, he needs to improve his strength to prepare for the unexpected.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng started to eat.

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased... You have awakened the power of dragon blood...]

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased... You have awakened the power of dragon blood...]

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased... You have awakened the power of dragon blood...]

...

Qin Feng can gain about 40 attribute points for every dragon blood fruit he eats.

In this way, Qin he ate 16 in one go.

The attribute has skyrocketed by more than 600 points, and the combat power has reached 137 stars unconsciously, which is extremely terrifying.

However, he couldn't eat anymore.

After eating sixteen dragon blood fruits, his stomach was a little stretched.

After all, he had eaten a lot before.

Qin Feng took another look at the bloodline concentration. Dragon's blood was 2.93%, which was just one line away from the threshold of 3% for bloodline talent upgrade.

As soon as he gritted his teeth, he took out the seventeenth and ate it...

Suddenly, delicious juices flowed into the belly again...

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased... You have awakened the power of dragon blood...]

[Your dragon blood concentration reaches 3.01% and your bloodline talent begins to evolve...]

【Successful evolution! Your bloodline talent has been promoted from E-level to D-level! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Strength index increased by 100 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Agility index increased by 100 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Body mass index increased by 100 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! The energy index increased by 100 points! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's blood was boiling, his body was roaring constantly, and the whole body's breath had skyrocketed all the way, which was extremely terrifying.

In a blink of an eye, he increased his attributes by 400 points, his combat power soared to 145 stars, and his momentum reached its peak.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy.

The promotion of bloodline talent is really cool!

Just upgrading from E-level to D-level can get 400 points of attribute improvement.

From D-level to C-level, the increase in attributes will be even more terrifying.

And he still has 86 dragon blood fruit in his hand. I wonder if he can upgrade to C rank after eating it.

[Reminder: Inherited Skill Awakening Failed! The power of your dragon soul has not been awakened, so you cannot awaken the inheritance skills! 】

[Reminder: Awaken the power of your dragon soul. When the next bloodline talent evolves, there is a 90% chance to awaken an inheritance skill. 】

[Reminder: When the concentration of dragon blood reaches 10%, the C-level bloodline talent will be awakened. 】

what!

Also need to awaken the power of the dragon soul!

What is the power of the dragon soul?

Qin Feng was a little confused.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Wu Jun's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

Another subordinate's combat power has broken 30 stars.

This is the eighteenth.

The brothers are very powerful.

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

At this time, another message came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: The number of novice cabins above level 1 in Longyuan Village has reached 400. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were ecstatic.

Ha ha!

The number of level 1 wooden houses has reached 400, and the **** conditions for upgrading level 2 villages have finally been completed.

At the same moment, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village.

They all received the news from Heaven and cheered.

Because they are a big step forward from the second-level village.

At the same moment, Qin Feng couldn't wait to check the village information.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 1

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 3

[Village population]: 937 people

【Public buildings】: 0.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 400 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Cabin]: 73 seats.

[Strongers above level 10]: 32 people