Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

good! good!

The progress of Longyuan Village is very fast!

The number of level 2 wooden houses also reached 73, and the number of level 10 powerhouses reached 32.

These two **** conditions are not far from completing the goal.

The last **** condition is that the population reaches more than 1,000 people.

This task was done by Qin Feng.

"Brothers are so powerful! I have to speed up too!"

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly exited the village chief operation interface, and then added all his 180 free attribute points.

As a result, his combat power skyrocketed to the limit of 148 stars again.

This made him more confident.

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer hesitated and walked directly to the altar.

He wants to break the seal and go to the big world outside

Chapter 136 Control the world! The magic of the realm!

Soon, Qin Feng stepped onto the altar.

There are five rune columns on the altar, which are engraved with mysterious runes, exuding the breath of ancient vicissitudes.

Qin Feng walked to the nearest rune column, and saw that there was a hole at the top of the rune column, and a picture of a giant elephant was engraved on one side, much like a mammoth king.

As soon as his heart moved, he took out the core of the king (soil) and placed it in the hole.

This core was obtained from the Mammoth King.

Click~!

A soft sound!

The core fell into the hole, and it was a perfect fit.

Om~!

In the next second, the rune column trembled slightly, illuminating a dazzling yellow aura.

The Sealing Pillar of Earth is activated!

Qin Feng was delighted and hurried to the second one.

On the side of the second rune column, the gold-devouring ant queen is depicted.

He took out the core of the king (gold) and put it into the hole.

In the next second, the Golden Seal Spirit Pillar was activated, illuminating a dazzling white light.

Then he moved on to the next...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Just like this, the seal spirit pillars were lit up one by one.

When the seal spirit pillars were all lit up, the entire altar was completely activated and lit up with dazzling light.

Afterwards, the five sealing spirit pillars each stirred up a sky-penetrating beam of light, which was tens of thousands of feet long and rose into the sky.

In just a moment, the yellow, white, black, blue, and red beams of light connected the sky and the earth.

Boom~Long~Long!

The sky and the earth are shaking at the same time!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

770 Immediately after, the altar began to crack every inch.

Qin Feng quickly jumped off the altar.

Bang~!

The moment he jumped off the altar, the altar exploded instantly, and the gravel flew all over the sky.

A hundred-zhang-long light-shaped flood dragon rose into the sky from the bottom of the altar and danced wildly in the sky.

roar~!

A dragon roar resounds throughout the world!

The whole canyon trembled.

Qin Feng quickly looked at the light-shaped Jiaolong.

【Evil Spirit】: Flood Dragon Soul

[Origin]: The dragon soul that was beheaded thousands of years ago was sealed under the altar. As the power of sacrifice, combined with the power of the five elements of heaven and earth, one side of heaven and earth was banned.

[Characteristics]: Endless resentment, evil, tyranny.

It turns out that this light-shaped flood dragon is the soul of the flood dragon, which has been sealed for thousands of years.

However, even if it has been sealed for a thousand years, its aura is still extremely terrifying.

roar~!

The soul of the dragon roared up to the sky, then looked down at the earth, only swept past Qin Feng, and didn't stop at all.

Finally, its eyes fell on the keel not far away, and it suddenly showed grief and anger.

The resentment that has accumulated for thousands of years erupted at this moment!

All living beings in this world will be killed.

roar~!

There was another dragon roar, and the dragon's soul rushed to the keel, and then attached to the keel.

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as it is attached to the keel, the sky and the earth will change color.

The whole keel lit up.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The broken bones that were originally cut off were automatically connected and healed, and the thousand-zhang-long skeleton began to shrink, and then slowly floated into the air.

Boom~Long~Long!

At the same time, the entire canyon shook.

Countless blood-red mists overflowed from the soil, then flew into the air and rushed towards the keel.

In just a moment, the huge keel in the air was completely enveloped by the red mist in the sky.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Then, there was a crunch of bones and a roar in the red fog.

This kind of movement lasted for a full quarter of an hour before it stopped.

The fog in the air also gradually disappeared, revealing a hundred-zhang-long Jiaolong with black scales all over its body, blood-red eyes, and a monstrous corpse aura.

Qin Feng was startled and looked around quickly.

[Evil Spirit]: Evil Flood Corpse Puppet (Imperial Level)

[Level]: Level 20

[Combat assessment]: 143 stars

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Talent]: B-level Profound Truth of Fire, B-level Profound Truth of Wind

[Origin]: The soul of the Flood Dragon was resurrected with the help of remnant bones and blood, its spiritual wisdom has been wiped out, and its resentment is overwhelming, and it will kill all living beings.

Fuck it~!

This is actually a royal monster!

The combat power has reached 143 stars, which is not far from him.

Qin Feng was a little surprised.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

He didn't know, but the evil corpse puppet in Longyuan Village was an emperor.

In other villages, it is only the emperor level.

"Hey! Realm Earth level? Low-grade foundation building?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He found something useful from that information.

It turns out that the human level and the earth level are a kind of realm.

Look at the information behind the prefecture level: low-grade foundation building.

It shows that the breakthrough from the human level to the earth level is a process of establishing the foundation of the realm.

The higher the degree of transformation to obtain the way of heaven, the higher the rank of foundation building, and the higher the strength and potential will naturally be.

This is kind of interesting!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: The evil corpse puppet has appeared, its intelligence has been lost, its nature is evil, and it will slaughter all creatures it sees. 】

[Task reminder: Kill the evil corpse puppet and let it be completely sacrificed between heaven and earth. This task is over, and you will get extremely rich task rewards. 】

"I see!"

Qin Feng was stunned.

It turned out that he had to kill the evil corpse puppet before he could truly complete the task.

roar~!

At this time, the evil Jiao roared and looked down.

Soon, it saw Qin Feng, and his scarlet eyes showed disdain.

Only a 16-level human in the human-level realm!

It hates all living creatures!

All to die!

roar~!

A shocking dragon roar!

The evil Jiao suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng.

The hundred-zhang dragon body is like a hundred-zhang tall building, reaching the sky and the ground.

In the blink of an eye, the Evil Flood Dragon approached.

Its violent aura was overwhelming and terrifying.

In front of it, Qin Feng is like an ant standing in front of a giant elephant, extremely small.

Whoo~!

Evil Jiao shot.

Its dragon claw, which is comparable to the size of a room, slapped Qin Feng's head fiercely, causing turbulence and strong winds.

Swish~!

The dark night knife in Qin Feng's hand flashed coldly.