Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The sword qi rose into the sky and met the huge dragon claws!

Boom~!

An earth-shattering bang!

Claws collide!

A hundred miles of air waves!

The next second, the Evil Jiao groaned, and was slashed by a knife and flew upside down.

With this knife, Qin Feng had the upper hand.

roar~!

The Evil Jiao flipped twice in the air before stabilizing its body.

At this moment, it was extremely shocked and extremely angry.

It was actually smashed by a human-level human being!

This is really a lost dragon!

It seems that it has to exert its full strength!

roar~!

Another thunderous roar!

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the world changed!

Within a few miles, the wind energy and fire energy between heaven and earth rushed towards it frantically.

For a moment, the aura of the Evil Flood Dragon increased wildly.

In the blink of an eye, its combat power has skyrocketed to 200 stars, which is really terrifying.

Manipulating the power of heaven and earth for one's own use is the basic means only possessed by the earth-level realm.

This is also the biggest difference between the human-level realm and the earth-level realm.

This scene made Qin Feng stunned.

And in the next second, the evil dragon looked at him again.

Chapter 137 Ice and Fire! Battle of the Gods! (for full order)

This scene made Qin Feng stunned.

And in the next second, the Evil Flood looked at him again.

roar~!

Immediately after, a shocking dragon roar!

Evil Jiao rushed towards Qin Feng again.

Boom~Long~Long!

The hundred-zhang dragon body danced for nine days, stirring the sky and the earth, and the wind was blowing wildly.

As the saying goes, as soon as the dragon appears, the situation will move!

In the blink of an eye, the Evil Flood Dragon approached Qin Feng again.

Its violent aura was more than twice as strong as before, and the monstrous dragon was mighty and oppressed Qin Feng.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

As soon as the dragon's might appeared, an invisible force field was formed within a radius of several miles, and the ground was cracked.

Qin Feng was fighting in the center of the force field, feeling extremely oppressive and sweating.

It was at this moment that the Evil Flood Dragon had already killed the top of his head.

Boom~!

Evil Jiao strikes again.

The Tongtian Dragon Claw, with the gust of wind, patted Qin Feng's head again.

The sharp claws slashed through the air, causing an earth-shattering sonic boom.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

The claw of this 200-star combat power can destroy the sky and the earth. He didn't dare to take it hard, and quickly flashed to the side.

Boom~!

A loud bang!

That claw is empty!

The ground burst!

Canyon Shakes!

The sky is full of gravel and dust.

There was a claw pit dozens of feet deep on the ground.

With the claw pit as the center, the ground cracked, extending for several miles around.

The power of this claw is terrifying.

If it was another human-level expert, he would have been killed by a single claw.

roar~!

Evil Jiao was extremely angry, and was surprised again in his heart.

damn it!

The human was so fast that it avoided its attack.

Whoo~!

Then, it claws out again and again.

It doesn't believe it, it can't take pictures of this ant-like human being.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, the mountains in the canyon shook, and explosions continued.

The entire Juelongpo Mountain Range also shook violently.

The scene can be described as dark and full of gravel, like the end of the day, extremely terrifying.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the midst of the continuous shocking explosions, Qin Feng's figure shuttled back and forth, leaving behind afterimages.

Evil Jiao closely followed Qin Feng and bombed wildly, but it just missed the shot.

You know, Qin Feng has mastered the true meaning of speed (C-level), the true meaning of wind (C-level), and the 100% speed bonus of Fengshen boots.

The superposition of these three abilities of his is comparable to mastering a B-level speed talent, and the speed is naturally extremely fast.

Swish~!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field.

Qin Feng suddenly turned into three, divided into three directions, and took the initiative to slaughter the evil flood dragon.

At this moment, he released the two clones.

Evil Jiao was stunned for a moment.

It can't figure out, that is Qin Feng's real body.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng and the two clones had already reached the front.

roar~!

The Evil Flood Dragon roared, grabbed one of Qin Feng with one claws, and squeezed it hard.

Bang~!

With just one click, it crushed Qin Feng.

But in the next second, that Qin Feng turned into a light spot in the sky and scattered around.

It turned out to be just a clone!

Swish~! Swish~!

At the same moment, the sword light flashed!

puff~! puff~!

Qin Feng and another clone hit the evil dragon one after another, and cut two huge wounds on its body, revealing white flesh.

One of the wounds was deeply visible to the bone.

Qin Feng was taken aback.

I saw that the wound was not as **** as I imagined.

roar~!

The Evil Flood Dragon roared, his eyes full of anger, but he did not show any pain.

It is the body of a corpse, it is a dead corpse, and it is not afraid of such knife wounds.

However, this human being was able to hurt its body, which made it angry.

Qin Feng was also very surprised.

No way?

This monster is not afraid of being slashed by a knife at all, and if it is cut on it, it is like cutting a corpse, so how can he kill it?

It's hard to do now!

roar~!

At this moment, the Evil Flood Dragon opened its mouth and spewed out a monstrous fire, which was also mixed with the power of the wind element.

The fire rides the wind, the power increases greatly, and the attack range also increases suddenly.

In just an instant, the fire turned into a sea of ​​fire that covered the sky and covered the area for several miles.

Make Qin Feng and his clone unavoidable.

In just an instant, the sea of ​​​​fire swallowed Qin Feng's clone.

Bang~!

Before Qin Feng could react, his avatar was completely burned by the terrifying sea of ​​fire and turned into a spot of light in the sky.

This flame is the inheritance skill of the dragon family - the sky-devouring dragon flame, which can burn everything.

In the blink of an eye, Long Yan approached Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng felt the terrifying high temperature and some strange laws.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Knowing that Long Yan burns everything, it depends not only on the temperature, but also on the power of the law.

The most terrifying thing is the power of the law.

Even if he activates Hell Heaven Flame, he may not be able to resist the burning of Heaven Devouring Dragon Flame.

To deal with it, only one thing descends one thing!

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng made a seal and launched an ice storm!

0

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!