Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Suddenly, the sky and the earth changed color, and countless ice arrows and snow blades faced the monstrous sea of ​​fire.

At the same time, he activated the A-level talent Five Elements Profound Truth!

The five elements are intertwined!

The power of the ice storm suddenly increased fivefold!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

The sky is mighty!

Ice and Fire Showdown!

In a radius of dozens of miles, the sky is roaring constantly!

Like two great gods, controlling the sky and controlling the earth, fighting against each other, the momentum is extremely magnificent!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

sigh~~~!

A battle!

The sea of ​​​​fire is extinguished!

Endless ice and snow disappear!

The sky is full of hot fog.

This round, the battle of ice and fire became a draw.

roar~!

Evil Jiao was extremely shocked!

Its Heaven-devouring Dragon Flame, whose power is comparable to a fifth-order skill, is its strongest attack, but it was actually blocked by this human being.

An unbelievable look appeared in the eyes of the evil Jiao.

Why is this human-level human being so powerful?

roar~!

The next second, it roared and slaughtered towards Qin Feng again.

It does not believe that it cannot kill this human being.

At the same moment, Qin Feng thought to himself, this is not the way to go.

He had to find out the weakness of the evil dragon and kill it.

correct!

A snake has seven inches, and a dragon has reverse scales.

Will this evil dragon's vital point lie on its reverse scales?

roar~!

It was at this moment that the Evil Flood Dragon came again.

Swish~!

Qin Feng repeated the old trick, divided it into three again, and took the initiative to pounce on the evil Jiao.

Bang~! Bang~!

Two explosions!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Evil Jiao shot the two clones in succession.

At this moment, Qin Feng killed the evil Jiao's inverse scale, and shot the dark night sword in his hand.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Murderous!

puff~!

The knife slid across the inverse scale, and blood shot out.

roar~!

The Evil Flood Dragon roared miserably, and retreated furiously, his momentum also weakened.

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up, revealing the color of ecstasy.

He finally found the weakness of the evil Jiaojiao, the place where the scales were reversed.

It turned out that the evil corpse puppet's inverse scale hides its dragon soul.

And the soul of the dragon is the core of this corpse puppet.

Qin Feng slashed the scales with a knife, which was precisely what hurt its soul.

At the moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he took the initiative to slaughter the evil flood dragon.

PS: Dear readers, the little author has the cheek to ask for a full order!

Chapter 138 The seal is broken! Crashed! (for full order)

At the moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he took the initiative to slaughter the evil flood dragon.

roar~!

The evil dragon roared and hurriedly fought.

It's just that its dragon soul was injured, its momentum plummeted, and its attack power was obviously not as good as before.

Swish~!

Qin Feng split into three again and released two clones.

The Evil Jiao quickly opened his mouth and spewed out the Heaven-devouring Dragon Flame again.

The sea of ​​fire, the wind is raging!

The mighty devoured Qin Feng and the two clones!

Whoo~la~la!

Qin Feng continued to pinch the seal, and the ice and snow storm greeted the sea of ​​​​fire!

Boom~boom~boom~!

The sky is booming!

The war broke out again.

In a short time, the sky and the earth cracked in the canyon, and the ice and snow were intertwined with flames.

Knife light and claws collide!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The earth-shattering explosion shook the entire Juelongpo.

Even hundreds of miles away, Liu Xuan and others who were mining in the ant-clustered mountain were faintly aware of it.

Several people looked in the direction from which the shock came from, one by one, in shock.

"Liu Xuan, have you sensed that there seems to be a shock in that direction?"

At this moment, Longshan put down the mining **** in his hand and looked in the direction of Jue Longpo.

"I feel it too!"

Liu Xuan stopped his work and looked in the direction of Juelongpo with a look of surprise.

Juelongpo cannot be seen from Yiju Mountain because it is too far away.

But the faint tremor was felt by everyone present.

"Isn't there an earthquake?" Longshan began to be suspicious.

Liu Xuan shook his head slightly: "It shouldn't be, maybe it's our misunderstanding! Forget it, don't think so much, let's continue digging iron ore! Now that the village is upgraded to level 2 wooden house, we need a lot of iron ore, so we need to dig more. Some."

Longshan said with a smile: "That's true! However, the number of second-level wooden houses in our village has now reached 78, which is not far from the goal of 100."

Wu Yong added: "Haha! This is the result of our hard work!"

"Not much to say! Hurry up and dig it! Our village is twice as difficult as other villages to upgrade to level 2. We must not let other villages surpass it!"

"That's right!"

At the moment, the group stopped talking and continued mining.

This village competition is very challenging for Longyuan Village, so everyone is nervous and dare not neglect.

They were afraid that they would be overtaken by other villages and would not be able to get the top three.

If you don't get the top three, you won't get the highest level reward...

At the same time, Juelongpo, inside the canyon.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the valley, earth-shattering explosions and roars were constantly heard!

The field is still slaughtered, the sun and the moon are dark.

Gradually, among those explosions, the roars of the evil flood dragons could be heard from time to time.

Qin Feng has discovered its weakness, and from time to time he cuts a knife on its reverse scale, constantly hurting its soul.

Evil Jiao's momentum continued to decline.

Even if it can occasionally hurt Qin Feng.

But Qin Feng has the rejuvenation technique, and he can recover from the injury in just a moment, and his momentum is still at its peak.

In this way, Qin Feng gradually gained the upper hand.

In the valley, the miserable roar of the evil flood dragon became more and more intense.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought fiercely for half an hour.

roar~!

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering roar suddenly came from the valley.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Then, the head of a gigantic Flood Dragon rolled down from the sky.

Immediately afterwards, the headless corpse of a hundred feet long fell heavily into the canyon.

Bang~!

The earth trembled slightly!

Next to the corpse, Qin Feng stood proudly!

Finally killed it!

Even the monsters of this earth-level realm, even if they are low-level foundation building, have just over 100 combat power, and it is so difficult to kill them.

"Hoo~!"

Qin Feng wiped the sweat off his forehead and let out a long breath.

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light lit up on the corpse, pouring into his body...

[Successfully kills the level 20 Flood Dragon Corpse Puppet (Imperial Level), you get +100000 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 Flood Dragon Corpse Puppet (Imperial Level), you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 Flood Dragon Corpse Puppet (Imperial Level), you get +1000 Judgment Points. 】

[Task reminder: Congratulations, you successfully completed the C-level 'Five Elements Seal' task and received 500 attribute points reward! 】