Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Task reminder: Congratulations on successfully completing the C-level 'Five Elements Seal' quest and get a dark treasure chest as a reward! 】

[Task reminder: It is detected that the difficulty of your task has doubled, so the task reward is also doubled. 】

[Your mission reward has been changed to: 1000 attribute points and two dark treasure chests. 】

Fuck it~!

Double the reward!

1000 Attributes!

Two hidden treasure chests!

Big money this time!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a beam of light fell on him.

Boom~ boom~ boom!

Suddenly, his attribute points skyrocketed wildly, all the way up to 1000 points.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the second beam of light fell.

Two dark treasure chests, slowly falling along the beam of light...

Qin Feng was delighted to catch the treasure chest.

The moment he caught the treasure chest, the mutation regeneration in the field was 0.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The corpse of the Flood Dragon began to crack inch by inch, and then automatically decomposed, turning into countless white light spots, and began to dissipate...

After a while, the hundred-zhang-long dragon corpse turned into billions of light spots, scattered in the heaven and earth, as if it was integrated with the heaven and earth.

There was only one red light group left in the field, the size of a football.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There was also a huge Flood Dragon skull, which did not turn into a spot of light and dissipated.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the moment when Jiaolong's body dissipated, the entire sky and earth of Longyuan Village shook violently.

All the villagers were startled and looked up at the sky in horror.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But at this moment, the sky cracked, and countless huge cracks appeared.

"Look! The sky is split!"

"Fuck~! Really! What's going on?!"

"It's not like the sky is falling!"

"My God! If the sky falls, will we die?"

"This...I don't know!"

At this moment, people roared in all corners of the village.

The crowd panicked!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

There were more and more cracks in the sky, more and more dense, vertically and horizontally for thousands of miles.

The turbulence between heaven and earth is getting more and more intense, and it is completely a scene of the end of the world.

People are getting more and more panicked!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, the sky suddenly exploded continuously.

After a while, above the ten thousand feet in the sky, a layer of looming enchantment completely collapsed and dissipated into countless stars.

Suddenly, the world is clear 1.2!

Countless auras from the outside world were madly poured into the space where Longyuan Village was located.

At this moment, the mutation in the air disappeared.

Everything slowly quieted down.

Everyone found that the sky became bluer, and everyone could see farther.

Even the air between heaven and earth has become fresher.

At the same moment, at the border of Longyuan Village, on the top of Longpo Mountain, which stretches for thousands of miles, the gray fog that was connected to the sky and the ground disappeared.

From the top of the mountain, you can already see the blue sky outside and the endless forests...

All these changes made the people of Longyuan Village startled.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has completed the five-element seal task, breaking the space seal of Longyuan Village. From now on, Longyuan Village is connected to the outside world. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, everyone suddenly realized.

Suddenly, in every corner of the village, there were earth-shattering cheers from people......

Chapter 139 Dragon Soul Awakens! Wings of the Wind!

At the same time, Juelongpo, next to the altar.

Qin Feng was also very excited.

The map opening task of Longyuan Village has finally been completed!

From now on, the sea will be wide for fish to leap, and the sky is high for birds to fly.

The villagers of Longyuan Village can go to a wider world and obtain more resources.

Thinking of this, he looked forward to the future of Longyuan Village even more.

After he calmed down, he looked around, preparing to clear the battlefield.

His eyes were immediately attracted by the light group in front of him.

The light group was left after the decomposition of the dragon corpse puppet.

Its whole body is red, only the size of a football, and it exudes looming mental fluctuations.

What the **** is this thing?

Qin Feng's mind moved, and his insightful eyes swept towards the light group.

[Dragon Soul Essence: A rare item in the world, a fourth-order item, the soul of the Flood Dragon disintegrated, leaving behind the purest soul essence. 】

Dragon Soul Essence?

Wonders of heaven and earth!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he stepped forward quickly.

Although he didn't know what the role of the Dragon Soul Essence was, it was a fourth-order wonder of heaven and earth, and it was definitely a treasure.

In just a moment, Qin Feng walked to the Dragon Soul Essence and picked up the light group with one hand.

He could clearly sense that the light group on his palm exuded a powerful energy aura, as well as a looming dragon might.

Suddenly, his heart moved, his palm lit up with white light, and he launched endless extraction. 07

Om~!

【Endless extraction success! You have gained a touch of dragon soul power! 】

what!

This method works!

Qin Feng was delighted, and quickly closed his eyes and continued to extract.

【Endless extraction success! You have gained a touch of dragon soul power! 】

【Endless extraction success! You have gained a touch of dragon soul power! 】

 …

With his extraction, the dragon soul essence continued to shrink.

First the size of a football, then the size of an apple, then the size of a ping pong ball…

puff~!

The last light sound, like a candle extinguished, the light group completely collapsed and was completely absorbed by Qin Feng.

[Reminder: You have absorbed enough dragon soul power, and your dragon soul is awakening...]

【Dragon Soul Awakened Successfully! Your energy index +300]

【Dragon Soul Awakened Successfully! Your strength index +50]

【Dragon Soul Awakened Successfully! Your energy index +50]

【Dragon Soul Awakened Successfully! Your energy index +50]

Boom~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's body was shocked, and the momentum of his whole body soared wildly...

In a blink of an eye, his energy index soared by 300 points, and his strength, agility, and physique each increased by 50 points.

His combat evaluation has skyrocketed to the limit of 155 stars.

At this time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

This Dragon Soul Essence is so powerful!

As expected of the fourth-order wonders of heaven and earth, he actually woke up the dragon soul.

Since the fourth-order strange objects are so powerful, the flaming red lotus, which is also the fourth-order, should also be of great use!

Just when Qin Feng had this thought in his heart, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your dragon soul has been awakened successfully, and you have obtained the inheritance skill attached to the dragon soul—Dragon Might. 】

[Dragon Might: A spiritual skill that can generate an invisible spiritual force field, shocking all beasts and beings, producing bloodline suppression, and possessing a certain degree of aggression. 】

what!

Also gained an inheritance skill.

good! good!

Qin Feng was quite happy.

The surprise that Dragon Soul Essence gave him was too great.

By the way, after the disintegration of the evil corpse puppet, in addition to the remaining dragon soul essence, there is also a huge skull.

Qin Feng looked at the skull on the side again. It was white and it exuded a **** smell, as if it had just died, not like a dry bone that had been placed for thousands of years.

With a move in his heart, he pressed his palm to the skull and began to extract...

Om~!

The palm of the hand lit up again!

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a B-level talent - The Profound Truth of Wind! 】

[Your wind talent is automatically promoted from C rank to B rank! 】

[During the promotion of the wind element talent, you awakened the talent skill - Wings of the Wind! 】

[Wings of the Wind: A fourth-order skill that can condense a pair of wings behind him and soar above the nine heavens. 】