Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ha ha!

good! good!

The wind talent also reached B level.

Also awakened a Tier 4 skill!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Boom~!

Then, his heart moved, and a pair of huge light-shaped wings suddenly unfolded behind him.

Swish~!

In the next second, his wings shook, and he flew into the sky, instantly flying to a height of ten thousand feet, soaring in the wind.

At this moment, he was like a **** patrolling the heavens and the earth, soaring above the nine heavens with extraordinary momentum.

After a while, Qin Feng reluctantly fell from the air and returned to the skull.

The feeling of flying in the air, free and unfettered, is really wonderful.

It was the first time he experienced the feeling of flying.

"I wonder if this skull is useful?"

Qin Feng looked at the skull in front of him again.

[Dragon's skull: fifth-order material, produced on the body of beasts above the imperial level. 】

Fuck it~!

This is actually a fifth-order material, it is definitely useful!

Unfortunately, this keel is too big!

Qin Feng looked helpless at the dragon skull in front of him.

This thing is as big as a small house, and it needs a storage ring to barely fit it.

But his two storage rings were almost full, and they couldn't fit at all.

It seems that I have to buy another storage ring.

By the way, he can do it!

Qin Feng had an idea, just waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, and the huge dragon skull disappeared.

At the same moment, everyone in Longyuan Village heard a message.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, donated the fifth-order material Dragon Skull and obtained 10,000 contribution points. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the whole village was shocked.

Boss Qin Feng is too awesome!

Even the fifth-order keel can be obtained.

More villagers are amazed at the 10,000 contribution points!

Many of them have only a few hundred contribution points in their hands, and some even only have dozens of them.

10,000 contribution points, they don't even dare to think about it.

The boss is really a genius!

Any shot will shock the audience!

The villagers were amazed.

At this moment, Qin Feng was also delighted in his heart.

He donated the dragon's skull to the resource bank and waited for him to temporarily store it there.

If needed in the future, he can exchange it directly.

Other villagers want to exchange, but they can't do it at all.

At present, there is no contribution point in the hands of the villager that can reach the number of one thousand, let alone ten thousand.

At this point, he finally finished disposing of the spoils in the field.

Next, he should open the treasure chest.

063 With a flash of light in Qin Feng's hand, two dark treasure chests emerged.

Dark treasure chest!

There is a 98% probability of opening a fifth-order item, and a 2% probability of a sixth-order item.

I don't know what these two hidden treasure chests can give him?

Qin Feng was so excited that he took out a hidden treasure chest and was about to open it.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Longyuan Village has completed the map opening task, connected to the big world, and rewarded the big world map of Longyuan Village. 】

[Reminder: After the novice assessment period ends, all novice villages will be automatically connected to the big world, but there will be no world map rewards. 】

As soon as the news came out, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

At the same time, everyone in Longyuan Village was surprised and delighted.

Surprisingly: as soon as the novice assessment period ends, all villages can go to the outside world, which will definitely set off a war for resources.

The good thing is: villages that have not completed the map opening task will have no map rewards, which will lose a lot of opportunities in grabbing resources.

Longyuan Village has completed the task of opening the map and obtained the map, and there are still three and a half days before the end of the novice assessment.

That is to say, the people of Longyuan Village can get ahead of everyone and go to the big world to harvest resources first.

At this thought, all the villagers were excited!

Instant frying in the chat channel!

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also excited.

With the big world map, he knows how to get to the Temple of Vientiane.

It seems that he has to quickly finish opening the treasure chest and then check the map.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the first hidden treasure chest

Chapter 140 Sixth order! Zero space!

Om~!

White light on!

The dark treasure chest in Qin Feng's hands disappeared.

In the next second, there was an extremely atmospheric and delicate armor in front of him.

Its whole body is golden, covered with divine patterns, and the back is engraved with the pattern of the soaring dragon.

Looking at the upper part, it comes with a dragon head helmet, which covers the face and cheeks, and even the eyes are protected by two white chips.

Looking at the wrist, it also comes with a wrist guard, unlike the dragon elephant Wang Kai who does not have a wrist guard.

This is a very complete set of armor!

[The dark treasure chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the fifth-order item - Tianlong Battle Armor! 】

[Dragon Armor: Defense +500, Strength +100, Agility +100, Constitution +100, Fire Resistance +100%, Water Resistance +100%, Gold Resistance +100%, Wind Resistance +100%. 】

good! good!

A fifth-order battle armor was opened.

Looking at the attributes of this armor, it is extremely powerful, and it should be the best in the fifth-order!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

He quickly replaced the Dragon Elephant Wang Kai (Tier 4) and the Dragon Elephant Battle Helmet (Tier 3). Bracers of Light (Tier 3).

The Tianlong Battle Armor comes with a helmet and bracers, so naturally he no longer needs to wear the Dragon Elephant Battle Helmet and Bright Bracers.

After replacing these, he put on the Tianlong armor.

Boom~!

When he put it on, his breath was integrated with the Tianlong armor, and the momentum of the whole person soared, and the combat power index soared to the limit of 158 stars.

A full 3 stars!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Under the sun, the dragon armor shone with golden light that day, shining brightly, as if there was an aura flowing.

At this time, a gust of mountain wind came, and Qin Feng stood proudly in the wind, like a golden armored **** of war, handsome and threatening!

Afterwards, he cleaned up his mood, put away the dragon elephant Wang Kai, the dragon elephant battle helmet, and the light bracers, and continued to open the second dark treasure chest.

Om~!

White light on!

The second dark treasure chest disappears.

There is an apple-sized white light group in Qin Feng's hand, which exudes strange space law fluctuations.

[The dark treasure chest has been opened successfully! Get the sixth-order item - zero-dimensional space! 】

Haha~!

A sixth-order item that can only be opened with a 2% probability!

He actually came out.

It's amazing!

But what is zero-degree space?

Qin Feng was very curious, and his eyes of insight swept to the light group.

[Zero-dimensional space (masterless state): If you drop the blood essence, you can recognize the master and integrate into the master's body. 】

[Zero-dimensional space: This is a dimensional space that can continue to grow, and the owner can freely enter and leave it. 】

[Zero-dimensional space: In this dimension space, it can be used to grow spiritual things, let living beings live in it, and can also be used to store items. 】

what!

This is not bad!

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised, and quickly cut his fingertips and dropped a drop of blood on the light group.

Om~!

The light group wriggled and took the initiative to absorb the blood essence.

In just a moment, the light group completely absorbed the drop of blood essence, and then emitted a dazzling red light.

huh~!

The next second, it flew into Qin Feng's body and disappeared...

At the same time, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Zero-degree space recognizes the master successfully! Congratulations on being the sole owner of the zero-dimensional space, you can freely store items, or enter and exit the space with your thoughts. 】

Hearing this, Qin Feng's thoughts turned into a white light and disappeared.

All that was left was a pea-sized speck of white light.

That is the space node where zero-dimensional space is connected to this world.

At the same moment, Qin Feng has entered a strange space, which is the zero-degree space.

He looked up and found that the zero-degree space was only about the size of mu, surrounded by gray fog, like a chaotic boundary.

The air in the space is very fresh, and people can breathe freely. Presumably war pets and beasts can naturally survive in this space.