Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this thought, Qin Feng was excited.

In the future, he can put battle pets and spirit beasts in this space, and can also plant some spirit flowers and spirit grass here.

At the same time, this mu of space is a hundred times the size of the storage ring space, which can be used for storage, which just solves his urgent need for insufficient storage ring.

Even better, the space can grow.

As long as he finds a way to make this space bigger and bigger, the benefits will be even greater.

"Not bad! Not bad! As expected of a sixth-order treasure! This should be a space-related wonder."

Qin Feng smiled.

Then, as soon as his mind moved, it turned into white light and disappeared into space.

In the next second, he returned to the altar.

The hidden treasure chest has been opened!

This time, he got a fifth-order battle armor and a sixth-order space item.

Qin Feng is very satisfied

Next, he was going out of Longyuan Village to see the outside world.

Thinking of this, he opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the map channel.

Sure enough, there is a big world map inside.

Qin Feng opened the world map to check it out.

After a while, a look of amazement appeared on his face.

The world outside is extremely huge, it can be said to be vast, thousands of times larger than the entire Blue Star.

On the map of Longyuan Village, there is a red dot as a marker, like a grain of sand in the sand sea, it looks extremely small.

In addition, there are 10,000 blue dot markers on the map.

Those blue dot markers are the Temple of Vientiane, and they are distributed in every corner of the great world.

Seeing this, Qin Feng has a kind of enlightenment in his heart.

Obviously, near each Vientiane Temple, there will be a thousand novice villages, unified into one district.

Ten thousand temples of Vientiane, that is, ten thousand districts.

Each district is 1 million people.

Cumulatively, it is exactly 10 billion people.

In other words, the 10 million novice villages in the Blue Star Realm are all connected to the same big world.

The competition for resources in the future will be very fierce.

He didn't want to think so much anymore. The most important thing for him now is to get to the Vientiane Temple as soon as possible and find a way to go to other Dragon Country Novice Villages.

He wants to increase the population of Longyuan Village early, so that Longyuan Village can be upgraded to level 2 as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng checked how to get to the nearest Vientiane Temple.

Soon, he was finished.

To go to the nearest Vientiane Temple, you must first pass through the Sangqi Forest, reach the Qipan Valley, and enter the Tongtian Lake to find the Vientiane Temple.

The Sangqi Forest happens to be connected to Juelongpo.

"I finally know the route!"

Qin Feng closed the map happily.

Then, with a thought, he entered the chat channel again.

As soon as I entered, I saw everyone chatting excitedly.

"Haha! Everyone, our village is connected to the outside world, I really want to go outside and see!"

"Me too! I also want to go out and see what the outside world is like."

"Don't worry! Let's wait for the boss's order. The boss didn't give an order, let's not run around."

"That's right! Besides, we haven't finished the task that the boss has arranged for us!"

"Yes! At present, we have only completed one of the several hard-core conditions for level 2 villages, which is the number of level 1 wooden houses."

"How many level 2 wooden houses are there now?"

"There are already 87 level 2 cabins, and there are still 13 left."

"Haha! That's fast! There are also 28 level 10 powerhouses, just 12 less."

"Not bad! Not bad! The brothers are so powerful! Let's continue to work hard, and when these **** conditions are met, let's go to the outside world to explore!"

"That's right! Detecting the outside world is very important, but it can't delay the upgrade of our village."

"That's right! Upgrading the village is the most important thing now. Besides, we don't know what the outside world is like and what dangers there are."

"Don't worry! Boss Qin Feng must have gone to detect it. When he has the results, he will definitely tell us."

"That's right! The boss is going to the Vientiane Temple! If I want to see, he has already gone outside at the moment."

"Wow! I really want to know the detection results of the boss, and I don't know how many resources are outside?"

"I'd like to know too! At present, the closest place to us is the Sangqi Forest. If the boss is going to the outside world, he must first go to the Sangqi Forest."

"Yeah! We'll just wait for the boss's detection results, and wait for his orders!

At this moment, everyone's tone was full of yearning for the outside world.

Just then, a few more people jumped out.

"Haha! Brothers, in the regional channel, those idiots in the West are crying. They are begging our Longyuan Village to lower the price of the energy stone!"

"What a **** of a price cut! Weren't they very arrogant last night?"

"Haha! They know they are in a hurry now, because today is the fourth day. If they don't hurry, their lives will be lost."

"Yes! Many of them have not even reached level 4. With such results, it is almost impossible to pass the novice assessment!"

"Speaking of which, those compatriots in Longguo Village are not having a good time! Many of them are only level 4!"

"Oh! It's hard to do! If this goes on, those compatriots will die."

"Yeah! I hope the boss can save those compatriots as soon as possible. They are also from the Dragon Kingdom. I don't want to see them die!"

"Woo! Little sister doesn't want to! Maybe, among those people, there are our relatives and friends."

As soon as these words fell, the villagers began to worry about their compatriots again.

When Qin Feng saw this, he quit the channel.

He really should speed up and go to the Temple of Vientiane.

Then go to other Dragon Country villages and collect those compatriots to fly as villagers.

That can not only save those compatriots, but also bring benefits to Longyuan Village and Qin Feng.

Boom~!

With this in mind, Qin Feng released the wings of the wind.

With a flick of his wings, he soared into the sky.

After a while, he flew out of the Wanzhang Canyon and reached the top of Juelongpo.

At this moment, he saw the scenery on the other side of Juelongpo.

A new big world appeared in front of his eyes

Chapter 141 Outside the world, humans scream!

Qin Feng looked around, and on the other side of Jue Long Slope was a forest with no end in sight.

It is lush, stretches thousands of miles, and is very vast.

Looking at the forest, there are towering trees everywhere, I don't know how many years they have grown.

A gust of breeze blew, and the air was filled with the scent of various grass and leaves, which was the breath of the forest.

"A new world! Here I come!"

Qin Feng glided down from the air, landed in the forest, and put away the wings of the wind.

He was about to walk through the woods.

Although he has wings of the wind, he can fly in the air.

But his walking speed on the ground is not at all slower than not flying.

Because he has Fengshen boots, he also masters the profound meaning of B-level wind and the true meaning of C-level speed, which makes him move extremely fast on the ground, not at all below the flight speed.

Since the two speeds were about the same, he might as well walk through the forest.

In this way, he can also learn about the general situation of the Sangqi Forest and make a headway for the villagers of Longyuan.

At the same time, he also wanted to know about the external resources, and he might have a surprise discovery.

After landing, Qin Feng looked around.

The eyes are full of tall trees, and the eye of insight is also activated.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Scented birch: Rank 0 trees, after being cut down, can become rank 0 wood. 】

[Yuanzhangshu: Rank 0 trees, after felling, can become rank 0 wood. 】

[Wulin Chun: Tier 1 tree, after cutting it, it can be turned into Tier 1 fine wood. 】

[Red-leaf sandalwood: Tier 1 trees, after felling, it can be turned into Tier 1 fine wood. 】

Wow~!

These trees are all big trees of tier 0 and tier 1 of 200!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

In Longyuan Village, the forest resources are rich, but many trees are still semi-mature, and they have not reached the level of 0-order trees, so they cannot become 0-order wood.

To this end, the villagers need to select suitable trees in the forest to cut down.

As a result, it consumes a lot of time and greatly reduces the efficiency.

Because of this, the timber resources in Longyuan Village are always in short supply.

It is like the 0-order trees that can be cut down, which can be seen everywhere, stretching for thousands of miles.

This is simply a treasure trove of wood!

Even better, among these trees, there are many tier 1 trees, which can be cut down into tier 1 fine wood.

The value of Tier 1 resources is often several times that of Tier 0.

The benefit of cutting down a tier 1 tree is definitely several times that of cutting down a tier 0 tree.

If those villagers knew that there are Tier 1 trees here, they would be very excited!

At the same time, he also had a hunch that since Tier 1 fine wood appeared, the next level of village upgrades would definitely use Tier 1 fine wood.

It seems that he has to plan ahead and ask the villagers to make more preparations.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed and he rushed towards the Vientiane Temple.

He didn't immediately notify the villagers to come, because he wanted to first check the condition of Huqi Forest to see if there was any danger.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

At this moment, somewhere in the forest, Qin Feng walked under an old tree in surprise.

Just next to the root of the old tree, there is a spiritual flower with nine petals, purple and red, and the fragrance is overflowing.

[Drunken Immortal Dew: Second-Order Spirit Flower]

good! good!

Another second-order spirit flower was found.