Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng happily stepped forward and dug out the drunken fairy dew with the roots and soil together.

Afterwards, with a flash of white light, Zuixianlu disappeared and was sent into the zero-degree space by him.

Since zero-dimensional space can cultivate spiritual plants, he naturally wants to send it into the space for preservation.

The fresh spirit flower has better medicinal properties.

Having said that, within an hour, he picked three spirit grasses, two of which were second-order spirit grasses.

You must know that the novice village spirit grass is basically the first-order spirit grass, and the second-order and higher spirit grass is extremely rare.

In this comparison, the forest resources and spiritual grass resources of the Sangqi Forest are much richer than those in Longyuan Village.

In addition, in this hour, he only encountered three beasts.

Two are level 11 and one is level 12.

It can be seen that the risk factor of this forest is low, and it is an excellent collection of forest trees and spiritual grass resources.

He can rest assured to let the villagers come over.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the village chief operation interface and first checked the progress of the village's upgrade.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 1

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 3

[Village population]: 937 people

【Public buildings】: 0.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 471 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Chalet]: 91 seats.

[Strongers above level 10]: 32 people

"Not bad! The number of level 2 wooden houses has reached 91, and the number of level 10 powerhouses is only 8 people away. These two hard-core conditions will be completed soon! In this way, some adjustments can be made."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the permission channel and issued voice commands to the villagers.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, from now on, villagers of level 8 or above can come to Huoqi Forest to log wood. The wood resources and medicinal herbs here are extremely rich."

Qin Feng: "In addition, it is recommended that those who enter the Shangqi Forest should not go deep into the forest for hundreds of miles. The degree of danger has not yet been ascertained. At present, it is known that the beasts that appear on the edge of the Shangqi Forest are about level 11 to 12. ."

After issuing these commands, he closed the voice channel.

At the same moment, cheers rang out from all corners of Longyuan Village.

Ha ha!

awesome!

The boss ordered, and they can finally go out to explore.

Today, Qin Feng is one word in Longyuan Village.

Without his orders, no one dared to break in.

As soon as he issued the order, those powerhouses above level 8 immediately cheered.

They couldn't wait.

Villagers below level 8 are all envious.

However, they also understood what Qin Feng meant.

Most of the beasts that appeared on the edge of the Shuangqi Forest were level 11 to 12.

It is very dangerous for villagers below level 8 to go there.

Villagers above level 8 go, the danger is not great.

Nowadays, the villagers of Longyuan Village are like dragons, all of them can fight at higher levels, and even the lowest level can be 3 levels higher.

For level 8 to deal with level 11 to 12 beasts, self-protection is no problem.

At the moment, in the village, hundreds of villagers above level 8 came from all corners of the village to the Sangqi Forest.

At the same time, in the Huoqi Forest.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief,

From the current point of view, the stone resources and iron ore resources of Longyuan Village have slowed down and are enough for the whole village to use.

Affecting the construction of level 1 and level 2 wooden houses is the wood resource.

In fact, the biggest consumption of upgrading a wooden house is wood.

He asked those villagers to come to Huoqi Forest to cut wood, which should soon alleviate the shortage of wood in Longyuan Village.

With the rich wood resources of the Sangqi Forest, the collection speed of the wood resources of Longyuan Village can be increased by more than ten times.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Then, he continued to rush to the Temple of Vientiane...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, another hour passed.

Qin Feng was rushing all the way, and the number of beasts he encountered on the road gradually increased, and the level of the beasts was getting higher and higher.

At this moment, near a hillside.

Qin Fengyao looked at the direction of the Vientiane Temple.

According to the map, he would have to travel another three hours to reach the Temple of Vientiane.

Keep going!

Qin Feng is about to set off again.

But at this moment, a shrill scream came from the side and front.

That is the scream of human beings!

Qin Feng was stunned for a while.

Their Longyuan Village is the first village in this area to communicate with the outside world.

There should be no people from other villages here!

And none of his villagers have arrived at the Sangqi Forest, so they can't be his villagers.

In this case, how can there be human screams here?

Could it be that there are still human beings in this outside world?

At this moment, the screams of humans came from the front again.

Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he hurried in that direction......

Chapter 142 The revelation of the millennium! Special mission!

"Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!"

The shrill screams kept coming.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

Among them, there is also the roar of the beast.

Qin Feng was shocked when he heard it, and rushed over quickly.

After a while, he rushed to the scene and was shocked by the scene in front of him.

I saw that there were human stumps everywhere in the field.

Thirty rat-shaped beasts were gnawing at the corpses of humans. Their sharp teeth made the bones crunch, making them particularly harsh.

There is a thick smell of blood in the air.

Seeing this scene, Qin Shishi was very angry.

He is human no matter what.

Seeing beasts eating people, it is naturally extremely disgusting.

Take a closer look at the appearance of those beasts, the head of a rat, the body of a wolf, the eyes of blood red, and the whole body flashing with electric light, all of them are as big as wild boars, and they are fierce.

With just a glance, the eye of insight can see the details of them.

【Ferocious Beast】: Crazy Electric Wolf Weasel

[Level]: Level 23

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 46 stars

[Characteristics]: Bloodthirsty, aggressive, cannibal.

[Talent]: Control of Thunder (D-level)

[Skill]: Crazy Thunder

[Explosion rate]: 23%

It turned out to be a beast that could control lightning.

This is the first time he has seen a fierce beast with thunder talent.

However, instead of watching the mad electric wolf weasel devour human limbs, he looked to the other side.

On the other side, three wolves were baring their teeth and facing a teenager.

The young man looked wild, dressed in animal skins, with half of his arms bare, and his face was painted with oil paint.

At this moment, he was holding the animal bone spear in his hand, and he was confronting the three beasts angrily.

In fact, he was no match for the three wolf weasels at all.

Even if he faced only one, he couldn't beat it.

What's more, he was injured a long time ago, the claw wound on his chest was deep, and the blood was flowing.

But his eyes were firm, and he didn't take a step back.

Because behind him, there is still an injured girl lying.

That girl was his own sister.

He wants to protect his family!

Looking at the girl again, even though she was wearing animal skins, it was hard to hide her beauty.

At this moment, her calf was bitten through by the wolf weasel, which made her paralyzed and unable to move.

She could only sit there, looking at everything in front of her, her eyes were full of fear, and she was trembling with fear.

roar~!CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

噼~li~pa~la!

At this moment, the three wolf ferrets let out a low roar, and thunder and lightning flashed all over their bodies, and they were about to pounce on the young man.

Fear finally appeared in the boy's eyes.

The girl behind him looked even more desperate.

"not good!"

When Qin Feng saw this scene, he felt bad.

He wanted to rescue each other, but the distance between the two parties was too far and beyond his reach.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, three wolves pounced on the boy.

Seeing that, the young man was about to die under the claws of three wolf weasels.

Boom~!