Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, a monstrous dragon's might radiated from Qin Feng's body, mighty and oppressed the audience instantly.

As soon as Longwei appeared, an invisible force field was formed within a radius of several miles.

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

In just an instant, the earth was cracked by Longwei's pressure.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The ferocious beasts stood unsteadily one by one, and all fell to the ground under the pressure of Longwei.

The three wolf ferrets that rushed towards the young man were crushed by the invisible dragon and fell to the ground from mid-air, unable to move for a long time.

This time, the audience was shocked.

The beasts looked at the source of Longwei in great horror.

At this look, they found Qin Feng.

At the same moment, the boy and girl also discovered Qin Feng.

They also felt the terrifying dragon might, all of them were shocked.

At this moment, they looked at Qin Feng as if they had seen a god.

What's more, Qin Feng is handsome.

Under the sunlight, the armor of the Heavenly Dragon was shining like a **** of war.

It was at this moment that the wolves finally saw some of Qin Feng's situation.

It turned out to be just a level 16 human.

It's just that the spiritual pressure of this human being is so strong that it gives them a sense of fear that the blood is suppressed, so that they can't give birth to a heart of rebellion.

The dragon is the head of all spirits, and its dragon might naturally have the effect of suppressing the blood of the beasts.

roar~!

The next second, the wolf weasel headed slowly stood up against Longwei's oppression.

That was General Wolf Weasel, a level 23 mutant beast.

It is not convinced, and it will be oppressed by a level 16 human aura.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

With a continuous low roar, General Wolf Weasel cheered his subordinates.

Thirty wolves struggled, staring at Longwei's oppression, and stood up one after another.

roar~!

With another low roar, General Wolf Weasel flashed violent electric lights all over his body, and took the lead in killing Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The remaining thirty or so wolves followed closely behind.

They don't believe it, they can't kill this 16th-level human by joining forces with more than 30 people on their own side.

Seeing this scene, the faces of the two teenagers changed greatly, and they were worried about Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, the wolf weasel herd came under siege.

But at this moment, Qin Feng waved his hand.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Countless ice arrows shot out.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Bloody sky shoots!

One after another ice arrows penetrated the bodies of the wolves.

The screams of the wolf weasel keep coming!

Immediately afterwards, one after another, the corpses of the beasts rolled down from the air.

[Successfully killed the 23-level Crazy Electric Wolf Weasel and obtained +2600 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 23-level Crazy Electric Wolf Weasel and obtained +2600 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 23-level Crazy Electric Wolf Weasel and obtained +2600 energy points. 】

...

[Successfully killed the 23-level wolf weasel general (mutation level), and obtained +6000 energy points. 】

[Killing the 23-level wolf weasel general (mutation level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】

[The first kill of the 23-level wolf weasel general (mutant level) is successful, and you get +3 reputation. 】

Only one face-to-face, more than 30 wolf weasels were killed in seconds, including the wolf weasel general.

The two teenagers on the side were dumbfounded, their mouths wide open.

Then, the young man reacted and ran to Qin Feng excitedly, after chatting.

Qin Feng looked blank.

He could not understand the other's language.

At the same time, his heart moved, and the eye of insight swept to the young man.

[race]: human

【Name】: Qiyun

[Level]: Level 11

0

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 28 stars.

[Talent]: Unawakened

[Skill]: None

[Origin]: In the last War of the Worlds, the descendants of the defeated race were abandoned by the Tao of Heaven. Its ancestors came from a thousand worlds.

Then, Qin Feng looked at the girl not far away.

[race]: human

【Name】: Qiyue

[Level]: Level 10

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 24 stars.

[Talent]: Unawakened

[Skill]: None

[Origin]: In the last War of the Worlds, the descendants of the defeated race were abandoned by the Tao of Heaven. Its ancestors came from a thousand worlds.

Seeing this, Qin Feng realized something in his heart.

At this time, the young man looked blank when he saw Qin Feng.

He seemed to have thought of something, slapped the back of his head fiercely, and then opened his mouth, speaking in a relatively blunt Lan Xing language.

"Great powerhouse! My name is Qiyun, you must have come to this world three days ago, right?"

The young Qiyun asked respectfully.

Qin Feng was surprised: "How did you know? Also, how could you say what we said on Blue Star?"

00

Qiyun replied respectfully: "Great powerhouse, these are what Heavenly Dao told us."

"Four days ago, it used the means of reaching the sky to let me and my tribe learn your language."

"Tiandao let us learn your language, that is, so that we can communicate with you."

"According to the hints of Tiandao for thousands of years, whenever a new challenger of the world comes to this world. One of you will appear to save our family completely."

"Great powerhouse! I think you are here to save our people. We have been waiting for you for thousands of years."

The more Qi Yun said, the more excited he became.

Qin Feng was silent.

He always felt that the other party's words were not reliable.

Qiyun seemed to see Qin Feng's doubts, so he was a little anxious, for fear that Qin Feng would not believe his words.

"Great powerhouse, there are some things and reasons that I can't tell. However, the elders of my clan have always been very clear about the enlightenment of heaven for thousands of years."

"I want to invite you to my village! First, thank you for saving my brothers and sisters; second, please save my family."

After saying this, Qi Yun looked at Qin Feng anxiously, for fear that he would not agree.

Qin Feng was also at a loss.

He is not a savior, and he doesn't know how to save the other party's family.

And Qiyun is also unknown, and the expression is not clear.

However, this also made him a little curious.

"Your village lives far away?" Qin Feng asked casually.

"It's not far! It's half an hour away, and you can get there."

"Okay! Let's go take a look then!" Qin Feng agreed.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Qi Yun was immediately excited: "That's great! Great powerhouse, then I'll clean up the scene and take you back to the village."

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

But at the moment he nodded, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have activated the D-level mission - saving the lost family. 】

[Reminder: After the task is completed, you can obtain the absolute loyalty of the Qi family. 】

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up.

what!

This is actually a task!

It seems that there is some mystery here.

Qin Feng suddenly became interested

Chapter 143: New Innate Ability

Having said that, looking at the information about Qiyun and Qiyue, they are actually descendants of humans from the Zhongqian World.

Aren't all the humans in the Middle Thousand World very powerful?

Why are the strengths of Qiyun and Qiyue a little weak?

Qin Feng was puzzled.

Qiyun is level 11, but the combat power is only 28 stars.

Qiyue is level 10, and her combat power is only 24 stars.

This kind of strength, if placed in other villages in the Blue Star Realm, is definitely not weak, and it belongs to the normal combat power level of this level.

The ones that can be placed in Longyuan Village are weak in combat power.

Nearly half of Longyuan Village reached level 10, and their combat power exceeded the threshold of 30 stars.

Of course, the villagers of Longyuan Village are different. It can be said that everyone is like a dragon, and it is common for them to fight over the ranks.

In other words, the villagers under Qin Feng are all elites among the elites.

However, the potential of Qiyun and Qiyue in front of them is still very huge.