Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng is about to resist.

But at this moment, the mummified corpse's pupils shrank and launched a stronger mental attack - the thorn of thought power.

huh~!

The invisible thorn of thought power instantly pierced into Qin Feng's brain.

Qin Feng suddenly felt a tingling pain in his head, and he lost consciousness and could no longer deal with the attacks of the two beasts.

Bang~! Bang~!

Two heavy muffled sounds!

The fang-toothed boar and saber-toothed rabbit slammed into Qin Feng and knocked him out...

Bang~!

Qin Feng fell heavily to the ground, and instantly woke up, with a burst of pain in his chest.

But in the next second, he turned and stood up, and the injury was not serious.

"what!"

The mummy was surprised again.

It did not expect that Qin Feng's fighting ability was so strong.

A level 3 human in Xiaoqian World usually has a body mass index of around 30 points. It stands to reason that under the collision of two mutant beasts, they will inevitably be seriously injured.

hiss~!

The humans in this small world are too strong!

After the mummy was shocked, his eyes flashed, and he was extremely excited.

It wants to take away this human body...

Just when the corpse was thinking about it, Qin Feng got up again and quickly opened the personal attribute panel.

After such a round of fights, he has figured it out.

The opponent is good at mental attacks.

Then you will improve your energy attributes and enhance your ability to resist mental attacks.

[Attribute addition is complete! Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng finished adding points.

He suddenly felt a cool energy surge in his body, rushing straight to his brain.

In just a moment, he was clear-headed, and his mental strength skyrocketed.

This gave him a lot of confidence.

"Jie~! Jie~!"

At this time, the mummy grinned again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The three beasts received the order and rushed forward again

Qin Feng quickly raised his sword to fight...

At this moment, the mummified corpse's eyes flashed green.

huh~!

The thorn of thought power was activated again, invisible and colorless, and it stabbed into Qin Feng's eyebrows at once.

Qin Feng suddenly felt a tingling pain in his head and felt dizzy.

But in less than half a second, his eyes were clear and his consciousness recovered instantly.

"how is this possible!"

The corpse exclaimed in exclamation.

The human beings in this small world in front of them seem to have become stronger in their spiritual power.

Its mental attack can only stun the opponent for half a second.

At this moment, the three fierce beasts rushed to Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Feng's figure flashed and he swung his long sword.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But at this moment, the mummy launched a series of psychic attacks, interrupting Qin Feng's attacks continuously...

puff~!

puff~!

Qin Feng only left two shallow bloodstains on the saber-toothed rabbit and the mutant black rat.

If it weren't for the interference of the mummy, he could have directly killed the two beasts.

It's a pity that every time he attacked at a critical moment, he was interrupted by the mummified corpse.

In the end, he was hit by a wild boar with fangs.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng got up in anger and rushed directly to the mummified corpse.

Only by killing this monster can he successfully kill the three mutant beasts.

Mummy horror!

This human has a super talent for fighting, and even if it interferes, it also shows a strong fighting ability.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng rushed forward.

The three mutant beasts also arrived and surrounded Qin Feng again.

The mummified corpse also used the psychic attack again and again.

It must never let Qin Feng get close to him.

Because its body is dead, and only a residual spirit remains, it cannot move. Once it is approached by Qin Feng, it will surely die.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In just a moment, the two sides fought for dozens of rounds.

With the cooperation of the mummy and the three beasts, Qin Feng was at a disadvantage.

After this fight, he was knocked out several times.

He also left more than a dozen bloodstains on the three beasts.

The mummy thought triumphantly while attacking.

According to this situation, it will definitely win.

But at this moment, the mutant black rat that was attacking had inexplicably weak legs, and after taking a few steps, it staggered and seemed to be unsteady.

Immediately afterwards, the saber-toothed rabbit and the fang-toothed boar also began to sway...

The mummy was stunned!

How is this going?

"Haha! It finally happened!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

The snake venom was applied to the tip of his knife, and it finally worked at this moment.

At the moment, Qin Feng took a stride and rushed towards the mummified corpse...

The mummy was frightened, and quickly controlled the three beasts to respond to the enemy, and at the same time unleashed a mental attack on Qin Feng...

The poison of the three beasts broke out, and the movements became very slow.

After Qin Feng was mentally attacked, he only stagnated for a while, then broke through the defense of the three beasts, and rushed to the mummy in an instant...

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Knives out!

"No~!"

Mummy screams!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng cut the corpse in half!

The remnant instantly collapsed

Chapter 18 The harvest is overwhelming

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

At this moment, three mutant beasts, dragging their poisoned bodies, arrived...

But as soon as the mummified corpses died, their originally red and confused eyes were lost for a while, and they involuntarily stagnated in place...

Qin Feng turned around and fought back, and the long knife flashed...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

The heads of the three beasts were all cut off, and blood spurted wildly from their necks.

Om~! Buzz~! Buzz~! Buzz~!

The next second, the body of the corpse and the three beasts lit up with white light, pouring into Qin Feng's body one after another...

[Killing the mummy (evil thing) successfully! Get +210 energy points! 】

[Succeeded in killing a level 1 saber-toothed rabbit! Get +100 Energy Points! 】

[Killing the level 1 mutant black rat successfully! Get +100 Energy Points! 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 1 tusk wild boar! Get +100 Energy Points! 】

Waves of energy are rushing wildly!

Qin Feng's whole body is warm, and his heart is refreshed...

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Killing the mummy (evil thing) successfully! Get +10 Judgment Points! 】

[Congratulations on completing the hidden assessment of Heavenly Dao and being promoted to a level 1 judge. 】

[Reminder: Judges take it as their vocation to kill evil creatures who violate the rules of Heaven, and only one of a billion people is chosen. 】

what!

Fuck it~!

He actually completed the hidden occupation task and became a judge!

Judge, only one in a billion people!

Extremely rare!

What a surprise!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[You have been promoted to a level 1 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】