Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Because these two people haven't awakened their talents yet, and they are human beings in the Middle Thousand World.

Judging from all the signs, once the humans in the Middle Thousand World have awakened their talents, their talent level is often higher than that of the humans in the Small Thousand World, thus winning at the starting line.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Qi Yun took off the animal skin coat on his upper body and began to pick up human stumps on the ground.

Those are the remains of his clan!

It's a pity that they were almost eaten by the wolf weasel, leaving only some broken hands and feet on the ground.

Qiyun's face is full of grief!

He must bring back the remains of these people.

Seeing this, Qin Feng walked to the silver treasure chest in front and began to collect his loot.

Not far away, Qi Yue watched this scene silently, and finally looked at the silver treasure chest curiously.

The legend within the clan is indeed true!

Their family has been abandoned by Tiandao, and if they kill any beast, no treasure chest will explode.

This is one of the fates of the failed race in the challenge of the world.

Thinking of this, the girl looked at Qin Feng with envy.

It would be great if their family could regain the qualification to challenge the Myriad Realms.

In that way, they can also regain many permissions, such as the permission to explode treasure chests.

At this moment, Qin Feng has walked to the treasure chest, picked it up, put it in the storage ring, and felt a dark feeling in his heart.

At this point, he has five more silver treasure chests in his hand, and he can close another gold treasure chest.

Having said that, he still has two synthetic cards and two golden treasure chests in his hand.

When one more golden treasure chest is combined, there are three golden treasure chests, and it is one step closer to synthesizing a new dark treasure chest.

After putting away the treasure chest, Qin Feng calmly walked to a beast corpse and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the D-level talent - Lightning Manipulation. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

good! good!

Got a new talent.

He then proceeded to extract on the same corpse.

【Endless extraction success! You gain 3 points of Dexterity! 】

Sure enough!

The extraction was successful again!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Tiandao once reminded that beasts above level 20 (excluding level 20) can be extracted twice indefinitely.

What's even better is that the attribute index obtained by extracting beasts above level 20 is also increased to 3 points.

Such a change made Qin Feng feel uneasy.

That means that if you extract beasts above level 20, the harvest will be doubled.

At the moment, he continued to extract the corpse of the second beast...

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the D-level talent - lightning control]

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your thunder talent has been promoted to C rank - the true meaning of thunder. 】

【Endless extraction success! You gain 3 strength attributes! 】

It's cool to extract beasts above level 20!

The second corpse was extracted twice, not only the thunder talent was upgraded, but also got 3 attributes.

Next, he went on to extract the third body.

【Endless extraction success! You get 3 physical attributes! 】

【Endless extraction success! You get 3 energy attributes! 】

Another 6 attribute points, and the harvest is three times that of beasts below level 20.

It seems that he will hunt and kill more beasts in this big world in the future.

This is of great benefit to him.

In the novice village, all the beasts are below level 20, they can only be extracted once, and they can only get 2 attribute points each time.

Later, Qin Feng tried to extract the fourth corpse, but found that the extraction was invalid.

Sure enough, it was still the same, each type of beast can only be extracted three, and the fourth one is invalid.

At this point, the level 23 Crazy Electric Wolf Weasel has been fully extracted.

However, the wolf weasel general is a mutant beast, and the species is different, and it can continue to be extracted.

At the moment, Qin Feng was looking forward to walking towards the corpse of General Wolf Weasel.

Not far away, Qi Yue watched all this silently, her big eyes full of curiosity.

She didn't know what Qin Feng was doing.

I saw Qin Feng touch the corpse of the beast for a while, and the corpse of the beast for a while.

Could it be that this human powerhouse is analyzing the characteristics of the wolf weasel?

To be honest, this young man is really powerful, amazing, and beautiful!

Qiyue looked at Qin Feng's eyes with some strange admiration.

At this time, Qin Feng had walked over to General Wolf Weasel's body and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent again - the true meaning of thunder]

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Failed to evolve talent! Your thunder talent is still at C rank. 】

【Endless extraction success! You get 5 energy attributes! 】

This talent evolution failed!

However, another 5 attribute points were extracted.

It seems that when extracting mutant beasts above level 20, the attribute point is 5, which is also much stronger than mutant beasts below level 20.

For mutant beasts below level 20, only 3 attribute points are extracted.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with the harvest this time.

This also made him understand that the beasts of the big world were his new hunting grounds and would bring him more harvests.

"Great powerhouse, I have packed up! Let's go!"

At this time, Qiyun also packed up the remains of the clan.

"Don't call me that in the future. My name is Qin Feng, just call my name."

Qin Feng casually mentioned it.

He is not used to being called a great powerhouse all the time.

Qiyun panicked: "Great powerhouse, you are the future savior of my clan, how can I call you by your first name. Otherwise, I will call you 'Lord Qin Feng'!"

"also!"

Qi Yun rejoiced: "Lord Qin Feng, let's go! By the way, my sister's leg is injured and she can't walk. I'll carry her."

"I'll take a look at her injury."

Qin Feng walked over quickly.

Seeing Qin Feng coming, Qi Yue blushed slightly and seemed a little nervous.

At this time, Qin Feng had walked to her side and squatted down.

"Stretch out your legs."

"Oh!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Qiyue obediently stretched out her injured calf.

I saw that the white jade-smooth calf was bitten and pierced, the fascia was also ruptured, and the blood kept gurgling out.

That is to say, this girl is strong-willed and has been enduring the pain, and ordinary people have long been moaning.

At the moment, Qin Feng pressed his palm to the wound, and his mind moved.

Om~!

Rejuvenation activated!

Waves of light green aura flocked to the girl's wound.

Afterwards, the wound healed quickly with a speed visible to the naked eye under everyone's attention.

The girl clearly felt a tingling and refreshing feeling on her legs.

She knew that it was the muscles of the wound growing.

In just a moment, the wound was completely healed and all pain disappeared.

The girl opened her eyes in surprise.

"Hey! Brother, I... my injury is healed!"

girl full of excitement 0

"Wow! Mr. Qin Feng, you are amazing! Is this the legendary skill?"

Qiyun's eyes lit up, and he looked at Qin Feng with a look of admiration.

Their family was abandoned by Heavenly Dao, not only did they not have awakened talents, but they also never had skills.

All this is only heard among the elderly.

Thousands of years ago, their clan also mastered skills and talents.

Now, when he saw it with his own eyes, he was envious and excited.

He envied that Qin Feng had such martial skills.

He was excited and finally met the savior here.

As long as Qin Feng, the savior of the world, can save their family, they will be re-approved by Tiandao and have the opportunity to awaken their talents and skills.

Thinking of this, Qiyun respected Qin Feng even more.

Qin Feng is the hope of their whole family!

"Lord Qin Feng, thank you for healing my injury!"

At this time, Qiyue stood up and thanked Qin Feng timidly.

Those bright eyes were full of admiration and admiration.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Can you go by yourself now?"

"Yeah!" Qiyue nodded obediently.

"Then let's go!"

"Lord Qin Feng, I'll lead the way."

At the moment, Qiyun enthusiastically stepped forward to lead the way.

A group of three left.

In fact, Qin Feng was also very puzzled.

He didn't know if he could save the Qiyun family, and he didn't know how to save it.

Anyway, it's good to go and find out.