Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Plus, he has an idea.

Tiandao suggested that as long as he completes this task, he can obtain the absolute loyalty of the Qi family.

It means that he can turn these people into his subordinates!

Since he is his subordinate, can he become his villager?

If he becomes his villager, then upgrading the **** conditions of the village's population of 1,000 will be completed all at once.

In this way, it saved him a lot of time and accelerated the progress of upgrading to a level 2 village.

As for the other villagers of Longguo Village, after he has risen to level 2 villages, he can continue to recruit and will not be affected.

What's more, it is definitely a good thing for him and Longyuan Village to speed up the progress of the village upgrade.

And the more the population, the more benefits to Qin Feng.

If there was a way to increase the rapidly increasing population, how could he miss it.

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's own speculations.

Whatever the truth is, he has to go through it before he can know the truth.

Just like this 0.0, Qin Feng and his party soon disappeared into the forest.

Only the corpses of the wolf weasel were left on the ground, and the air was filled with a strong smell of blood.

It was not until half an hour later that a huge figure appeared in the field.

It was a giant wolf weasel, seven feet in length, with a single silver horn on its head, with purple lightning flashing from time to time, and its imposing manner was extremely terrifying.

It is the king of the wolves - the king of wild electric wolves!

roar~!

At this moment, the wolf weasel king growled.

It looked at the corpses of its subordinates with incomparable anger, and its eyes were blood red.

damn it!

Who killed so many of its subordinates?

what!

This smell?

Is this a human scent?

The wolf weasel king sniffed the air, and soon smelled the residual smell of humans in the field.

Soon, it found the direction that humans left.

damn it!

These humans must have killed its men.

revenge!

It wants revenge!

Ow~! Ow~! Ow~!

The wolf weasel king screamed in the sky, and the roar shook, spreading in all directions, alarming dozens of miles around.

A moment later, in every corner of the forest, the roar of the wolf weasel sounded one after another, responding to the cry of the wolf weasel king.

It turned out that the wolf weasel king was calling all his men together.

It wants to lead the entire clan army to find human newspapers

Chapter 144: The one-in-a-million powerhouse!

On the other hand, Qin Feng followed the Qiyun brothers and sisters to their village.

Chatting along the way, Qin Feng learned more about the situation.

It turns out that every thousand years, there will be a war of all worlds.

Many races were wiped out in the Great War, and some races were defeated, but some tribes remained.

The way of heaven punishes losers, and the means of punishment are different.

Just like the Qiyun family, they come from a middle-thousand world called Qixingjie.

At that time, there were a billion people who came to the heavens to kill the world.

But after the Great War of Ten Thousand Worlds, the casualties were all but less than one million people survived, and then they were scattered by the Dao of Heaven to all the great worlds and received thousands of years of punishment.

There were more than 10,000 people who were assigned to this big world.

But after a thousand years, there are only more than 300 clansmen alive.

The reason why the Qi clan is so miserable is because they were abandoned and cursed by the heavenly way.

First of all, the descendants of the Qi clan no longer have the natural ability to awaken the heavenly way, and naturally they will not acquire skills.

Secondly, the Qi clan killing monsters can no longer explode treasure chests and other items, and cannot obtain weapons and equipment.

The most terrifying thing is that they are cursed by heaven, and their level can only be raised to level 15.

But in this **** world, the lowest level beasts are all level 11.

The beasts around them are generally level 20 or above.

If the Qi clan wanted to survive, they had to hunt down those beasts and eat their meat to survive.

But without talent and skills, level 07 cannot exceed level 15, and they can deal with beasts above level 20.

Therefore, their living environment is extremely harsh.

Especially after the death of the first generation of ancestors, there is no strong person in the clan, and the strength is not as good as the next generation.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Their living situation is getting more and more difficult. Every year, many clansmen die tragically in the mouth of beasts.

Just like this time, the Qiyun brothers and sisters were originally a hunting party of eleven people, but they encountered the wolf weasel group on the way, and they were brutally killed.

In the end, only the Qiyun brothers and sisters were left. Fortunately, they met Qin Feng and survived.

Because of this, there are fewer and fewer people in the Qi family, and now there are only more than 300 people left.

Hearing this, Qin Feng sighed.

He suddenly thought that if the people of Longguo were defeated in the Great War of Ten Thousand Realms, I was afraid that the end would be even worse.

After all, Blue Star is a small world, and its innate physical quality is not as good as that of the middle world.

Humans like the Qi clan came from the Middle Thousand World, but they were almost extinct under the thousand-year punishment.

If the people of the Dragon Kingdom were punished for a thousand years, would anyone still be able to survive?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He must never let the people of Longguo suffer such an end, but also for himself.

Therefore, he must speed up the upgrade of Longyuan Village.

Having said that, he also found a piece of information from it.

The Blue Star Realm is a small world, and tens of billions of people have descended on the Heavens to Kill the World.

The Qixing Realm is a middle-thousand world, and one billion people have descended on the Heavens to slaughter the world.

Will there be 100 million people coming from the great world?

It seems that the stronger the basic quality, the fewer people will come, which is also a balance of heaven.

Having said that, the population of Blue Star has only increased to more than 10 billion in recent years.

Qin Feng even doubted whether Tiandao had already set his sights on the Blue Star Realm, and waited for the population to reach the standard before pulling the Blue Star people in.

In this way, the three of Qin Feng chatted all the way and rushed to the foothold of the Qi family.

After half an hour, Qin Feng finally arrived at the place.

It was a very dilapidated village.

Dozens of houses made of stone, mud, and wood, with some thatched roofs.

The village was surrounded by wooden fences.

As soon as Qiyun returned to the village, the bad news that the hunting team encountered was spread.

The whole village was in grief.

But then, they learned about Qin Feng's origin, and they became very excited one by one.

At this moment, Qin Feng was surrounded by the Qi family, three layers inside and three layers outside.

Those clansmen were all excited, as if they had seen a savior.

They have been waiting for thousands of years!

Finally, it was time for the new Myriad Realms Challenger to appear.

Their family is saved!

In the crowd, the white-haired elder, Qi Shan, with trembling lips, warmly received Qin Feng.

At this time, Qin Feng knew that the elder Qishan was still the grandfather of the Qiyun brothers and sisters.

"Lord Qin Feng, thank you for saving the old grandson and granddaughter."

Qishan's face was wrinkled, and his eyes were full of gratitude.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "The elders are polite. I am also a human race. Naturally, I can't stand by and let the beasts eat people."

Qishan nodded again and again: "The adults have a noble pattern, and the old man admires them."

"Grandpa, Lord Qin Feng is a new challenger to the world. Please ask him to save our clan!"

Qiyun on the side couldn't wait.

"Yes! Elder, please quickly invite Lord Qin Feng to save our clan!"

"Yes! Elder! Please beg!"

The surrounding clansmen also showed anxiety.

They are really strange. Everyone already knows that Qin Feng is the challenger who has just arrived.

According to the revelation of the Tao of Heaven, the new challengers of all realms can save their clan, why are the elders so slow to ask for each other?

To be honest, these people don't know what to do so that their family can be saved.

The only one who mastered the method was the elder.

In fact, Qin Feng was also very curious.

At this time, the elder Qishan looked around and sighed: "It's time for this old man to tell everyone how to save my family."

"Before, in order to comfort everyone, the old man only told you that as long as the new challenger of the world appears, as long as we meet one of them, my family will be rescued."

"The actual situation is not like this. Not all challengers of the world are qualified to save us."

"Only very few of those challengers have that kind of qualifications. According to the old man's estimation, there may not be one in a million people."

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar.

The crowd began to panic.

Before, they thought that as long as they encountered a challenger from all realms, their family would be saved.

Unexpectedly, this matter still requires qualifications.

What's even more frightening is that the qualification requirements are extremely high, and there may not be one in ten million people.

"Grandpa, let's see, does Master Qin Feng have that qualification?"

Qiyun hurriedly asked.

Everyone also looked at Qishan nervously.

A thousand years of waiting!

It won't end, it's just a void!