Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"this…."

Qishan looked at Qin Feng with hesitation, as if he didn't know what to say.

To be honest, he couldn't see it either, but he had a way to verify it.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Elder, if you have something to say, just say it directly. What kind of request is it?"

Qishan hurriedly said: "Lord Qin Feng, let the old man say it directly. Only challengers with the status of 'village chief' and the title of 'novice emperor' are qualified to save us."

Having said this, he sighed: "Master Qin Feng, this old man knows that this requirement is too much. From the information passed down by my ancestors orally, it can be seen that those who can build a village with their own strength are all strong. "

"And among these powerhouses who are one in a thousand miles, it is another one in a thousand miles to be able to obtain the title of Novice Human Sovereign within the seven-day novice period."

"After the seven-day novice period, even if the prestige point reaches the standard, Tiandao will not issue titles such as the novice emperor."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was enlightened for a while.

It turned out that the titles such as the novice king, the novice emperor, and the novice emperor must meet the standard within the seven-day novice period in order to obtain the title.

After the novice stage, even if the combat power and prestige are reached, there will be no title.

If there is no title, naturally there will be no Heavenly Dao reward.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt relieved.

It seems that not everyone has the opportunity to get the title reward.

Some things are missed, and they are missed forever.

This gave him a great innate strength advantage!

At this time, Qishan continued: "From the information passed down by my ancestors, it can be seen that it only takes seven days to become a novice emperor, and it is difficult for one in ten million people to appear. If the old man is right, Lord Qin Feng will come. It's less than four days to this world, right?"

This is very clear, one in ten million can become a novice emperor in seven days.

In less than four days, he became a novice emperor, even if it was less than one in a billion. 820

In fact, Qishan said that the standard is the standard of Zhongqian World.

Converted to a small thousand world, the probability has to be multiplied by ten times.

That is, less than one in a billion.

At the moment, as soon as the elder's words fell, everyone began to discuss.

"My God! The probability of becoming a novice emperor is only one in ten million!"

"No! The elder said that he will become a novice emperor in seven days. If it is completed within four days, the difficulty will increase by more than ten times, and the probability is probably less than 1 in 100,000,000."

"No way? One in a billion? This probability is too low!"

"Yeah! Then... Will Master Qin Feng be a novice emperor?"

"This...hey!"

This time, everyone panicked.

The odds of 1 in 100,000,000 are simply too low.

They couldn't believe that their family's luck would be so good that they could meet such a peerless powerhouse.

Qishan also smiled bitterly: "Lord Qin Feng, it's not that the little old man has high requirements, it's really restricted by the laws of heaven. I want to ask you, I'm afraid it's also... hey!"

Qishan sighed helplessly.

Obviously, he didn't dare to believe that Qin Feng would be one of those novice emperors out of 100,000,000.

After all, the time is too short. If Qin Feng came out on the seventh day of the novice period, the possibility may be greater.

Seeing everyone's pessimism, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Elder, I'm afraid I'm the one you're looking for."

Qishan was stunned: "Master Qin Feng, are you already a novice emperor?"

"look!"

Qin Feng flipped his palm.

Om~!

In the next second, a contract scroll projection appeared in his palm, which was the appointment letter of the village chief.

At the top of the village chief's appointment letter, the four characters "Novice Human Sovereign" were suddenly marked.

Seeing this, the elder's body shook violently, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors.

"New... novice emperor! You are really a novice emperor!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked.

In the next second, an earth-shattering cheer erupted from the field!

Chapter one hundred and forty-fifth great show of power

In the next second, an earth-shattering cheer erupted from the field!

"It's great! It's really great! Lord Qin Feng is really a novice emperor!"

"It's saved! Our family is saved!"

"Woo! So excited! I'm really so excited!"

Everyone cheered excitedly, and looked at Qin Feng with more respect.

The elder Qishan was also so excited that his lips trembled, and words could no longer describe his mood at the moment.

Om~!

Qin Feng put away the contract projection with a casual move.

Qishan quickly calmed down and bowed respectfully on the ground.

"Your Majesty, the little old man, please save our Qi clan!"

"Yes! His Majesty the Emperor, save us!"

The people begged.

Qin Feng asked: "Elder, talk about it first, how can you save it?"

He didn't agree immediately, first to see if it was worth doing.

Qishan said respectfully: "Your Majesty, it's actually very simple for you to save us. As long as you agree, let us recognize you as the master."

Qin Feng was stunned: "Is it that simple?"

Qishan nodded: "It's as simple as that! We will sign the Heavenly Dao contract with you. From now on, our clan will be your servant, and we are absolutely loyal to you and can sacrifice everything for you."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and there was such a good thing delivered to his door.

If this group of people became his servants, they would definitely develop into his most trusted cronies.

Because their loyalty is higher than the villagers of Longyuan Village.

The master-slave contract of Tiandao, once signed, cannot be changed.

Servants are absolutely loyal to their masters, and once they betray them, they will be obliterated by Heaven.

However, who would take the initiative to be someone else's servant?

It was the first time he had seen such a request.

Seemingly seeing Qin Feng's doubts, Qishan quickly explained.

"His Majesty the Human Sovereign, recognizing a Human Sovereign as the Lord is the last chance Heaven has given our clan. As long as we succeed in recognizing a Human Sovereign, our clan can regain the approval of Heaven."

"From now on, the curse imposed by Tiandao will disappear. After our clan reaches level 15, we can continue to upgrade. We will also get Tiandao treasure chests when we hunt down beasts."

"My clan can also awaken talents and acquire skills again. From now on, my clan will no longer struggle for a living."

"And what my family has to pay is to follow the emperor to conquer the world, to assist His Majesty the emperor, and to win the new war of the world."

After hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

Everyone around was also surprised.

It turned out that they could only get rid of the thousand-year punishment of the Heavenly Dao and regain the approval of the Heavenly Dao only by recognizing a Human Sovereign as the master.

And what they have to pay is absolute loyalty to the emperor, and to assist the emperor to conquer the world.

When you think about it, they feel pretty good!

At least it's better than surviving in this wounded unicorn forest.

What's more, if they don't get rid of the punishment of heaven, they will not be far from exterminating the clan.

Thinking of this, everyone looked at Qin Feng nervously, for fear that he would not accept them.

Qishan also asked nervously, "Your Majesty, what do you think?"

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said, "As long as you are willing, it is not a bad thing for the deity to accept you."

Qishan was overjoyed: "Thank you, Your Majesty! By the way, before signing the contract, the little old man has an unkind request."

"you say!"

"Little old man wants to ask His Majesty the Human Sovereign to kill the Wild Electric Wolf Weasel King and avenge my dead clan!"

As soon as these words fell, the faces of the surrounding clansmen were suddenly stunned.

right!

The wolf weasel group killed nine of their clansmen, making them all sad.

If Qin Feng was able to kill the Wild Electric Wolf Weasel King and avenge their clan, they would definitely be grateful, and they would be more willing to recognize Qin Feng as the master.

Hearing Qishan's words, Qin Feng pursed his lips and smiled without saying a word.

He saw Qishan's careful thinking.

This Qishan came to use his hand to avenge the dead clan.

Second, Qishan wanted to take this opportunity to see Qin Feng's strength and potential.

Having said that, if the Qi family wants to recognize the master, as long as they have the title of the emperor and the identity of the village head, they can recognize the master, and they do not have to choose Qin Feng.

If Qin Fengkong has a title and lacks strength and potential, he will inevitably be uneasy.

After all, this is entrusting the life and death of the whole family to Qin Feng's hands, and he has to be cautious.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Third, if Qin Feng's strength and potential are sufficient, then killing the wolf weasel king will allow Qin Feng to gain the popular support of the Qi clan.

All the clansmen also willingly joined Qin Feng.

Qishan's operation can be described as well-intentioned.

Qin Feng knew it.

Before he could express his stance, Qi Yue, who was beside him, stomped her little feet in annoyance.

"grandfather!"

She shouted unhappily, feeling that Qishan was a little troubled.

Just sign the contract directly and recognize the master!

Grandpa insists on Lord Qin Feng to kill the wolf weasel king, it's really troublesome!

At this moment, she is more anxious than anyone else, and can't wait to recognize Qin Feng as the master immediately.

It turned out that she had witnessed Qin Feng's shot with her own eyes, and she had long been conquered by Qin Feng's power.

Qiyun also opened his mouth, but he stopped talking.

The surrounding clansmen were silent, and they desperately hoped that Qin Feng could help them take revenge.

Because relying on their own strength, they cannot take revenge.

"Your Majesty, what do you think about this?"

Qishan asked again hesitantly.

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the voice fell, there was a sound of earth-shattering beasts running outside the village.