Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking about it, he was looking forward to it.

Of course, now is not the time to synthesize treasure chests, and he still has some things to deal with.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stepped forward and began to extract the body of the wolf weasel king.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a B-level talent - Thunderbolt Profound Truth! 】

【Your thunder talent is automatically upgraded from C level to B level!】

[During the awakening of the thunder system talent, you awakened the talent skill - Crazy Thunder Boom (Tier 4). 】

good! good!

The thunder talent has reached rank B in one fell swoop!

Also awakened a Tier 4 skill.

This time the harvest is not small!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Then, he continued to extract the corpse of the wolf weasel king...

【Endless extraction success! You have gained 10 Dexterity stats! 】

563 King-level beasts are cool!

This time, I got another 10 attributes.

When he looked at his combat power, he had unknowingly raised it to 160 stars.

very good!

Qin Feng stood up with satisfaction.

He glanced at the corpses around him, ignored them, and returned to the village.

The corpses of the wolf ferrets, he has already extracted the full amount, and there is no more value to extract.

Before Qin Feng walked back to the village, Qishan brought a group of clansmen and personally discharged from the hospital to greet him.

"Qishan has seen the master!"

As soon as the two sides approached, Qishan slammed and knelt directly in front of Qin Feng.

"I've been waiting to see the master!"

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Immediately afterwards, those clansmen also knelt down one after another, and there was a large area of ​​blackness on the ground.

Qin Feng was stunned: "You still don't recognize me as the master!"

Qishan's face was full of excitement: "Master, we will recognize the master now."

As soon as the words fell, he couldn't wait to take out a simple scroll from his arms. It was full of divine patterns, and the material was neither paper nor leather, so it was very special.

That is the contract scroll bestowed by Heaven to the Qi family.

As soon as he took out the scroll, Qishan cut his fingertips and dripped a drop of his own blood on the scroll.

As soon as the blood entered the volume, it was completely absorbed.

The entire scroll also lit up with a faint red light.

It really works!

Qishan breathed a sigh of relief.

This contract scroll has been treasured by their family for thousands of years, and has been passed down from generation to generation in the hands of each elder.

Until today, it can finally be used.

"Yue'er, drop a drop of your blood essence and pass it on to the next person."

Qishan handed the scroll to Qiyue.

"Oh!"

Qiyue obediently took the scroll and started bleeding.

"Everyone, this is the contract scroll, which is the key to the contract between our family and the master. If you want to sign the contract with the master, drop your blood on it."

"If you don't want to sign a contract with the master, the old man will not stop you. It's just that there is only one copy of this scroll, and it will disappear after you use it. You will never have a chance to get rid of the thousand-year punishment."

Qishan briefly explained.

"Elder, don't worry! We are willing to follow the master."

"Yes! We are willing to sign a contract!"

"I will swear my allegiance to my master!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The crowd joined in.

They have long been convinced by Qin Feng.

Soon, Qiyue completed the contract signing and passed the scroll to the next person...

In this way, the scrolls are passed one by one, and passed down.

Soon, all 327 people in the family signed the contract.

At this time, Qishan held the scroll in his hand and walked respectfully in front of Qin Feng.

"Master, our family has all signed the contract. As long as you drop another drop of blood essence, the contract will be established."

"it is good!"

Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, he directly cut his fingertips and dropped a drop of blood on the scroll.

As soon as the blood was dropped, it was quickly absorbed.

Om~!

The next second, the scroll turned into a ball of energy light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Boom~Long~Long!

A burst of the law of heaven and earth vibrated!

Qin Feng clearly sensed that the contract scroll merged with himself.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The contract signing is complete! The 327 members of the Qi family have become your most loyal servants. 】

[Your servant status: 67 people below level 9, 202 people from level 10 to 14, and 58 people at level 15. 】

[Reminder: Your servant automatically obtains the villager qualification of Longyuan Village. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has recruited 327 servants, and the population of Longyuan Village has exceeded 1,000, reaching 1,264. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: 260 of the servants recruited by the village chief Qin Feng have reached level 10 or above, so the number of level 10 powerhouses in Longyuan Village has reached 293. 】

Boom~!

As soon as these two news came out, the entire Longyuan Village was instantly sensationalized.

My goodness!

What did the boss do?

Suddenly recruited so many powerhouses above level 10!

This made the two **** conditions for Longyuan Village to upgrade to level 2 villages completed at once.

So far, only the number of second-level wooden houses in Longyuan Village is insufficient.

After the shock, it was only a moment.

From every corner of Longyuan Village, there were earth-shattering cheers.

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also extremely happy.

The two **** conditions for upgrading the village are completed, especially the hardest population problem is solved.

He could finally breathe a sigh of relief.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: The Qi family has completed the contract, and the millennium penalty is lifted! 】

[Reminder: The Qi family has completed the contract, and the level restrictions have been lifted! 】

[Reminder: The Qi family has completed the contract and began to awaken their talents! 】

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and one after another white beams of light descended from the sky and landed on the Qi clan.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, everyone's body shook violently, and they began to awaken their talents one by one.

After a while, the momentum on everyone's body skyrocketed wildly one by one.

There were also cheers one after another in the field.

"Haha! Great! I have awakened the Qilin bloodline talent!"

"Haha! I also awakened the Qilin bloodline talent!"

"Me too!"

Qin Feng was surprised.

It turns out that in the Qi family, everyone has the bloodline talent of the divine beast Qilin, which is really unusual!

At this time, the cheers in the field are still one after another.

"Haha! Not only did I awaken the Qilin bloodline talent, I also awakened the C-level fire talent!"

"Me too! I awakened the bloodline talent and the C-level water talent."

"Haha! I have awakened dark talent and bloodline talent!"

At this moment, the crowd cheered.

While many people have awakened their bloodline talent, they have also awakened another kind of talent, becoming a rare dual talent.

Qin Feng was relieved to see this.

These people are all his servants, all his most loyal subordinates.

The stronger these people are, the better for him.

This thought only came up, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan has reached 30 stars in combat power, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyun's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

…………

Just like that, one after another reward reminder came.

It lasted for a full moment, and there were as many as 173 messages.

Qin Feng won 1730 attribute rewards in one fell swoop.

He was dumbfounded!

Chapter 147 Mission Rewards! Send the big array!

Qin Feng won 1730 attribute rewards in one fell swoop.

He was dumbfounded!

When he reacted, he was ecstatic.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: Congratulations on successfully completing the D-level task - saving the lost family and getting 300 points - attribute reward. 】