Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Task reminder: Congratulations on successfully completing the D-level task - saving the lost family and obtaining the construction permission of the teleportation array (primary). 】

Ha ha!

There are still benefits!

Cool!

It was so cool this time!

In this way, he has accumulated a total of 2030 attribute rewards, which is really a huge reward.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

In addition to this, he also obtained permission to build a teleportation array (primary).

Qin Feng was very excited.

At the same moment, in the field, the Qi clan was more excited than Qin Feng.

"Haha! I also awakened two kinds of talents, a bloodline talent and an earth-type talent!"

"Hey! I only awakened one D-rank bloodline talent, and I don't have any other talent. I envy you so much!"

"D-level bloodline talent? That's very strong! My bloodline talent is only F-level!"

At this moment, everyone in the field was discussing their natural abilities.

Qin Feng was relieved to hear it.

He found that everyone in the Qi clan had awakened their bloodline talent, and some individuals had even awakened to a C-level bloodline talent.

Bloodline talent is graded.

C-level bloodline talent is extremely difficult to awaken.

Qin Feng's bloodline talent also awakened to the D level.

Of course, he still had more than 80 dragon blood fruits to eat.

If you finish eating, it will be no problem to wake up to C rank.

What's more, among those top divine beasts, Shenlong is stronger than Qilin.

Under the same level of bloodline talent, the Shenlong bloodline talent is stronger than the Qilin bloodline talent.

In short, after the Qi clan awakened their bloodline talent, their strength skyrocketed.

Especially after awakening the bloodline talent above D rank, the increase in strength is even greater.

Nearly half of the powerhouses above level 10 have awakened their D-level bloodline talents.

This allowed more than half of the powerhouses above level 10 to break through 30 stars in combat power, and also allowed Qin Feng to gain 1730 points of attribute powerhouses.

This is a win-win!

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

With such a strong team, he can help him sweep all the novice villages in District 1.

"Hey! Elder, Tiandao prompt, you can turn on the Tiandao screen!"

"I also received the prompt."

"Come in and see!"

"Wow! What a novelty!"

"Hey! There is also an attribute operation panel."

Everyone in the field made new discoveries, and they began to study them one by one.

Even the elder Qishan is immersed in researching his own talents, and Daoguangping that day.

When Qin Feng saw this, he smiled slightly and breathed a sigh of relief.

This time things went well.

The biggest problem of upgrading the level 2 village, the population problem has been solved.

This allows him to let go of his dangling heart, and he does not need to rush to the Temple of Vientiane for the time being.

Maybe, he will be able to upgrade to level 2 village soon.

Thinking of this, he quickly opened the village chief's operation interface to check the progress of Longyuan Village.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 1

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 3

[Village population]: 1264 people

【Public buildings】: 0.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 467 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Cabin]: 94 seats.

[Strong people above level 10]: 293 people

good! good!

For the four major hard-core conditions, the number of 2-level wooden houses is insufficient, and there are still 6 houses.

The crux of the problem is the lack of wood resources.

By the way, counting the time, his villagers should have arrived at the Sangqi Forest!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng switched to the chat channel.

As soon as I entered, I saw that everyone was extremely excited, and there was a lively chat inside.

"Wow! The boss is so powerful! He seems to have received a strong team!"

"Yeah! There are 260 people above level 10 alone. It's incredible to think about it!"

"The elder brother of the village chief is a god! No matter what miraculous things he does, I think it is reasonable!"

"Hey! Girl upstairs, you got my idea right. In short, our Longyuan Village has become a lot stronger at once!"

"I'm afraid it's doubled! What's even happier is that we are a big step closer to upgrading to the second level of the village. When our village is successfully upgraded, everyone's strength will be greatly increased."

"Haha! That's of course! It's exciting to think about it! By the way, what are the conditions for us to upgrade to a level 2 village?"

"I just checked, and there are still 6 level 2 cabins."

"Haha! Hurry up! Hurry up! Brothers, let's speed up the logging!"

"Haha! Come on! Come on, everyone! Chop down trees desperately, and strive to be promoted to a level 2 village as soon as possible."

As soon as these words fell, Wu Yong jumped out excitedly.

Wu Yong: "Haha! Brothers, I've already arrived at the edge of the Sangqi Forest. There are so many tier 0 trees here, everywhere, so there's no need to pick them out. I'm so happy!"

Liu Yuan: "I'm here too! Not only are there tier 0 trees, but also tier 1 trees! Tier 1 wood can be exchanged for more contribution points. This time I'm going to make a fortune, haha!"

"Wow! The forest resources of Huoqi Forest are so rich! I really want to go too!"

"Two bosses, your speed is really fast! I'm on my way, and I'll be there soon."

"Haha! I'm on my way, and I'll be there soon."

0

"Wow! With so many forest resources, it is estimated that we can complete the standard of a 2-level wooden house in only one hour?"

Wu Yong: "1 hour? Upstairs, you underestimate the forest resources of Qi Forest. Liu Yuan and I can complete the timber requirements for a level 2 log house within half an hour. There are more people coming to logging, and this speed will be faster!"

Boom~!

As soon as those words fell, the entire channel became even more boiling.

"My God! The wood resources in Huoqi Forest are so rich!"

"I'm going to hurt Qi Forest too!"

"Haha! Brothers, come on, try to make the number of level 2 wooden houses reach the standard within half an hour!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

The brothers from Longyuan Village have already arrived in the Sangqi Forest one after another, and the production of wood will continue to increase.

According to this progress, after half an hour, he can obtain the authority to build the guardian altar.

00

When he thought of guarding the altar, he thought of it again, and Tiandao had just rewarded him for the authority to build a teleportation array.

At the moment, he quickly switched to the creation channel to check the details of the construction of the teleportation array.

When he entered the creation channel, he really saw that in the column of public buildings, there was an additional option of [Teleportation Array (Primary)].

[Teleportation Array (primary): After establishment, you can enter instant teleportation within a thousand miles. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

Teleportation Arrays are extremely practical public buildings.

If he can create it, then he can establish several teleports in Longyuan Village and major resource points, which can greatly improve the efficiency of villagers in obtaining resources.

Thinking of this, he quickly checked the conditions for building the teleportation array.

【Construction Conditions of Teleportation Array (Elementary)】

[30 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[5 units of iron ore (level 0 resource)]

[2 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 unit of Tier 5 beast bones]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

It seems that the most difficult thing to build a teleportation array is to collect the bones of the fifth-order beasts.

The dragon skull he obtained not long ago is the fifth-order bone.

According to Tiandao's suggestion, the dragon skull can be decomposed into 5 units of fifth-order bones.

In other words, he can build at least five teleportation arrays, and the material is poor.

Refined wood can be found in Huqi Forest.

At present, his villagers are logging in the Sangqi Forest, and they believe that they will be able to collect 2 units of fine wood soon.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quit the [Create Channel] and waited for his subordinates to collect the resources.

As soon as he exited, he saw Qishan walking towards him excitedly.

At this moment, a new reminder came from Tiandao.

Chapter 148: Power expansion, unexpected benefits!

At this moment, a new reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Your servants have obtained the villager status of Longyuan Village and can already own the novice wooden house. Please choose the location of the novice wooden house for them. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is a good thing!

"Owner!"

At this time, Qishan respectfully came over to meet him.

"Tiandao light screen, are you familiar with those operations?" Qin Feng asked casually.

"Master, you probably know a little bit. Some things, you have to **** for a while to get familiar with them."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Tian Dao has a hint, and can build a novice log house for you. Where do you plan to build the log house? Or, come back to Longyuan Village with me?"

Qishan hesitated for a while before saying: "Master, if it is possible, can Xiao Laoer build a novice wooden house for the tribe here."

"After all, the old man's family has lived in this place for thousands of years. They already have feelings for this place, and they suddenly moved away, and they are a little timid. So, look..."