Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

They also feel that the master is so powerful that it is not difficult to obtain a high-grade foundation.

In their opinion, being able to obtain a high-grade foundation is already an extremely powerful character.

Qi Yue's little face showed a smug look.

For some reason, as long as the master becomes stronger, she feels very happy.

"What about the top-quality foundation building?" Qin Feng asked.

He is different from everyone's idea, just building a high-grade foundation can't satisfy his ambition.

"Excellent foundation building! The rumored probability is 1 in 100 billion! Not to mention the small world and the middle world, even the big world, it is rare to have one. As for the god-level foundation, whether it exists or not, it is all about It's hard to say."

Having said this, Qishan sighed.

The surrounding people sucked in the cold air, secretly pondering terror.

Qin Feng was also shocked, secretly thinking that he had underestimated the difficulty of the Shengwu assessment.

Judging from Qishan's tone, it is highly probable that he will have difficulty obtaining the best foundation foundation, and as for the divine foundation foundation, he can hardly imagine it.

However, having said that, Qin Feng's pursuit of becoming stronger has never given up.

He has a strong heart!

Immediately, he asked, "Then do you know what level you have to reach before you can hope to achieve the best foundation building?"

"This...Master, my ancestor once mentioned that the strongest person in our Qixing world back then went to participate in the assessment at level 20. His combat power assessment at that time was 280 stars, but the final distance from the best assessment was just that. It's a line, and it fails."

"So, my ancestors calculated that at least at level 20, when the combat power reaches 300 stars or above, can we hope to obtain the best foundation."

"I see!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He finally got a useful piece of information.

If you want to get the best foundation building, you must at least reach 300 stars in combat power at level 20.

Currently, his combat power is only 160 stars.

However, he still has 2430 attribute points not added.

Of course, even if all these attribute points are added, his combat power is still insufficient!

So, he has to keep trying.

After getting the information he wanted, Qin Feng didn't want to stay any longer, so he left.

However, Qishan stopped and said: "Master, this time you are going to the Vientiane Temple, and you have worked hard all the way. There is no maid and slave by your side. ."

As soon as these words came out, Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

Qiyue also had a happy face, and her face was slightly red.

She seems to be very happy, grandpa arranged so.

But Qin Feng glanced at her and shook his head secretly.

This little girl is only fifteen or sixteen years old. At first glance, she looks like a child. I am afraid that it will be more inconvenient to take her on the road.

Qishan seemed to see Qin Feng's thoughts, so he stroked his beard and smiled.

"Master, my family Yue'er may have been a little ordinary before, but she is different now. This time, her talent awakened, she awakened the C-level bloodline talent, and the A-level talent time control."

"what!"

Qin Feng looked at Qiyue in surprise.

Bloodline talent is an extremely rare talent.

Generally awakened to C rank, it is very powerful.

Qin Feng's bloodline talent is only D-level, and has not yet reached C-level.

This girl has reached C rank.

What's even more surprising is that this girl has awakened an A-level talent, which is also a time talent among A-level talents.

This is amazing!

It can be seen that this girl has great potential, and if she cultivates it well, she will definitely become a great warrior under him in the future.

Qin Feng suddenly became interested.

If he wants to build his own power, he naturally needs some genius subordinates to conquer the world for himself.

"Qiyue, what is your time ability?"

Qin Feng asked curiously.

Qi Yue's pretty face blushed, and her voice timidly said: "Go back to the master, Yue'er has just awakened the talent of time, and has not yet figured out what abilities she has."

Qin Feng 553 nodded slightly.

Qishan could see that the owner had some appreciation for his granddaughter.

He felt relieved.

At the moment, he stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Master, this girl Yue'er has a good talent, and she has some potential. Letting her follow you will definitely help her growth. And the master also lacks a servant girl, you can use the girl. Just do it as a maid."

Qishan still had some words that he didn't say in public, and it wasn't easy to say it.

That is, his granddaughter is a beautiful embryo, as long as Qin Feng is willing, even let his granddaughter be Qin Feng's maid.

In his opinion, it is a rare good thing for Qiyue to serve Qin Feng.

After all, the Qi clan has recognized Qin Feng as the master, and the whole clan's life and death are entrusted to Qin Feng alone.

If Qin Feng can take a fancy to Qiyue and accept it as a common room, he will definitely take care of the Qi family in the future, which is an absolute good thing for them.

Qin Feng naturally heard the meaning of Qishan's words.

The old man was very careful.

But he doesn't have that many ideas.

However, Qi Yue's talent potential is truly amazing.

At least in the No. 1 novice area, among the millions of novice people, no one can compare to her.

This girl really deserves to be cultivated.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "Well, Qiyue, you should study your time talent during this time and see if you have the ability in that area. After I return from the Vientiane Temple, I will make other arrangements for you. ."

"Um!"

Qi Yue blushed and nodded obediently.

Her heart is joy.

Because she heard it, the master admired her very much.

Maybe after returning, she will be taken as a maid and arranged by her side.

Qishan was also quite satisfied with the result, stroking his beard and smiling.

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't stay anymore. After saying goodbye to everyone, he left in a hurry.

Chapter 150 The combat power has skyrocketed, breaking through 200 stars!

After leaving Sangqi Village, Qin Feng continued to rush to the Vientiane Temple.

It didn't take long for his figure to disappear from everyone's sight.

Qiyue stood silently at the entrance of the village, looking in the direction of Qin Feng's departure, inexplicably a little melancholy...

On the other hand, Qin Feng was traveling through the jungle and was speeding up his way.

Now, he just wanted to get to the Vientiane Temple earlier.

He estimated that the journey would take about an hour and a half before reaching Tongtian Lake.

The Temple of Vientiane is by the Tongtian Lake.

Look at the sky again, it's almost dusk at this time.

He will soon usher in his fourth night in this world.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Wang Tao's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

good!

Another gain!

Qin Feng felt relieved.

All the subordinates are constantly improving, and the benefits he has obtained are also increasing bit by bit.

Today, his free attribute points have accumulated to 2440 points.

By the way, with so many attribute points, it's time to add some points to improve your strength.

The stronger the strength, the faster the speed!

Before in the village of Sangqi, he was unwilling to add points in front of everyone.

There is no one around right now, so it's just a matter of operation.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and started adding points.

With this added point, his momentum will continue to soar!

In a blink of an eye, all 2440 attributes have been added, and his combat power has reached 196 stars.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Level 16!

The combat power is 199 stars!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

This is already very strong!

If you count his more than a dozen talents, the overall strength is stronger.

Having said that, among his many talents, except the bloodline talent is D-level, the agility talent is C-level, and the rest of the talents are B-level or above, and one of them is A-level.

In this way, many talents and abilities are superimposed, which is comparable to SS-level combat talents, which makes his comprehensive strength far higher than the combat power assessment.

But even so, with his current strength, it is still impossible to obtain the best foundation in the Shengwu assessment.

It seemed that he had to find a way to raise his combat power to 300 stars.

Otherwise, he won't even get the best foundation building.

Without the best foundation building, I am afraid that it will be difficult to win in the war of ten thousand worlds.

Thinking about the Qixing Realm, there is not even a strong foundation-building powerhouse, and finally failed in the War of Ten Thousand Realms.

Perhaps, there is a strong foundation-building powerhouse, who can have more chances in the war of ten thousand worlds!

Qin Feng continued on his way, while thinking wildly,

He was thinking, there are ways to improve his combat power as soon as possible.

For now, upgrading the village should be one of the quickest ways.

At the same time, getting the top three in the village competition will also be extremely rewarding.

Only when this thought came up, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: The number of level 2 novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 100. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Village has completed all the standards for upgrading to level 2 villages, and now has the permission to build the guardian altar. 】

[Reminder: After the construction of the guardian altar is successful, Longyuan Village can be upgraded to level 2. 】

Huh~!

Qin Feng was surprised.

Ha ha!

All the **** conditions are finally reached!