Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: You have successfully built the 'Guardian Altar', congratulations on being blessed by Heaven, and you will receive 500 attribute rewards. 】

good! good!

500 attribute points!

The reward is twice as much as building a teleportation array.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him.

In a blink of an eye, his attributes skyrocketed by 500 points.

Qin Feng suddenly felt dark.

But all this is just the beginning.

At the moment, he pressed the 'one-button upgrade'...

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Village…]

Boom~Long~Long!

In the next second, the headquarters of Longyuan Village was shaking.

The entire Longyuan Village is slowly expanding outward.

The villagers were surprised and delighted.

In just a moment, the area of ​​Longyuan Village has doubled, and the momentum is even more magnificent.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village has been upgraded successfully! Longyuan Village has been upgraded from a level 1 village to a level 2 village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 200 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the village chief, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 400 attribute rewards. 】

As soon as the news was announced, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village.

In the village of Sangqi, there were also thunderous cheers.

Then, the sky began to shake.

Over the headquarters of Longyuan Village, white beams of light descended from the sky and fell on all the villagers.

The attribute points of the villagers have skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, the attribute points have skyrocketed by 200.

At the same time, white beams of light descended from the sky above Sangqi Village, falling on the Qi family.

Their attribute points have also skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, their attributes have skyrocketed by 200 points.

At the same time, at the edge of Huqi Forest, somewhere above the forest.

A white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

A shocking move!

His attribute points skyrocketed by another 400 points.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a series of reminders.

[Reminder: Your servant Qi Yilin's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qilianshi's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Qi Jie's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Liu Yan's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In this way, one reward message after another keeps popping up.

It lasted for nearly a quarter of an hour, with as many as 116 messages, and a total of 1160 attribute rewards.

Qin Feng smiled.

He had long guessed that this would be the case, and everything was within his expectations.

This time, after the village was upgraded, all his subordinates above level 10 had a combat power of 30 stars.

He was quite satisfied with the result.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 2 village, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 4 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 2, and the villagers have the permission to upgrade to level 3 wooden houses. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 2, and the maximum number of teleportation arrays has been increased to 5. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 2, and the population cap was raised to 5,000. 】

[Longyuan Village is successfully upgraded to level 2, and the exchange price of energy stones is halved. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 2, and the blacksmith life occupation permission has been opened. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 2, and the tailor's life occupation permission has been opened. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 2, and the pharmacist's life occupation permission was opened. 】

Boom~!

After this series of news was released, earth-shattering cheers rang out from all corners of Longyuan Village.

The injured Qi tribe also cheered.

Qin Feng was delighted, and quickly entered the creation channel to check the conditions for upgrading to level 4.

As long as his cabin is upgraded to level 4, he can get a lot of rewards...

At the same time, Blue Star Realm, Yongye Village.

Entrance to the Valley of Flowers.

Dracula and John walked out talking and laughing.

This time, they entered the Valley of Ten Thousand Flowers, and the harvest was very good, and they got more than 20 green wood cores.

At this moment, John looked flattered and said, "Your Majesty, the number of level 1 wooden houses in our village has reached 173 and 39 level 2 wooden houses. It will not be long before we reach the standard of level 2 village."

Dracula nodded with satisfaction: "Oh! This is a good result. By the way, have we reached the number of level 10 powerhouses?"

John "Your Majesty, there are already 21 people, one more than the standard of 20."

Dracula rejoiced: "Oh! This is really exciting news. Dear little John, I estimate that in five hours, we will be able to upgrade the village to level 2."

John also said happily: "Your Majesty, this time, our Yongye Village must be the first to be promoted to a level 2 village."

Dracula nodded with a smile: "Last time, we were two hours behind others and only took the second place. This time, we will work harder than before, and we will definitely surpass that village."

But just after these words came to an end, a notice of the Heavenly Dao spread throughout the entire Blue Star Realm.

[Village competition reminder: The first level 2 village has appeared. 】

Boom~!

At this moment, the entire Blue Star Realm was once again shocked!

Outside the Valley of Thousand Flowers, Prince Dracula was dumbfounded.

What?

The first level 2 village appeared? !

John on the side was also stunned.

No way?

Since the last defeat, His Majesty the Prince has urged the whole village to upgrade.

Everyone's efforts are ten times stronger than before, why haven't they caught up with others?

Do not!

It should be said that the gap between them is getting bigger and bigger!

Last time, they were promoted to level 1 village only 2 hours behind others.

This time, at least 5 hours later.

A gust of valley wind came, the dusk was dim, and the breeze was cool.

Dracula and Dracula stood there blankly, half speechless.

They didn't know that the difficulty level of Longyuan Village had been doubled this time.

The real gap between them is more than 5 hours

Chapter 152 Occupational Skills, Do Not Have Magical Uses!

At this moment, the news of Longyuan Village being upgraded to level 2 shocked the entire Blue Star Realm.

Those villages envy, admire, and envy.

And the villagers of Longyuan Village are immersed in the joy of upgrading at this moment.

The village upgrade this time brought them too many surprises.

For example, the price of energy stones is reduced by half. Originally, 10 exchange points were exchanged for one energy stone, but now only 5 contribution points are required.

This is a great benefit for the villagers.

Especially for villagers who rely on power stones to upgrade, the power stone can be reduced by half, which can double their upgrade speed.

For example, for logging, the same amount of logging can be exchanged for twice as many power stones, and the upgrade speed will naturally be doubled.

This made some villagers more willing to go to logging, quarrying, and mining, and no longer needed Qin Feng to force orders~.

At the same time, level 2 villages also open up blacksmiths, tailors, pharmacists, etc. - life occupations.

It also provides a better way out for more people who are not good at fighting.

It is foreseeable that from this moment, the occupations within Longyuan Village began to differentiate.

Some will specialize in life occupations, and some will specialize in combat upgrades.

In this way, the system of Longyuan Village has become more complete, and the future will definitely be more colorful.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such a change.

In particular, the three life occupations of blacksmith, tailor, and pharmacist, what professional skills do they have, and will they help him?

This made him curious!

However, he is now more eager to upgrade the 4th-level wooden house.

As long as the level 4 wooden house is successfully upgraded, he can get 400 attribute points as a reward.

After a while, he checked the conditions for upgrading to a 4th-level wooden house.

[50 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[10 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[10 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[10 units of high-grade fur (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 piece of Fire Glass (Tier 3 resource)]

"It seems that the upgrade to the 4th-level wooden house this time is not as smooth as before."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart,

Looking at the above materials, the stone is ready-made, and the resource library is not lacking.

Fine wood, there are also ready-made in the resource library, because no one is currently using it.

Huo Liuli, Qin Feng has dozens of pieces, and this resource is not lacking.

What is currently lacking is 10 units of fine iron and 10 units of high-grade fur.