Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

These two are Level 1 resources, and he has never seen them before, so how do I get them?

In addition, to upgrade a village to level 3, the village chief's wooden house must reach level 4.

This is one of the **** conditions.

If his wooden house does not reach level 4, Longyuan Village will not be upgraded to level 3, and he will not be able to get the reward of the village competition.

So, this question is very important.

He must find a way to obtain fine iron and fine fur.

Yes, there are many people with knowledge.

I don't know if any of his subordinates know.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the chat channel.

At this moment, the chat channel has long been fried.

Everyone was chatting excitedly.

"Haha! Brothers, this 200 attribute reward is really cool!!"

"Yeah! I'm only level 9, but my combat power has reached 28 stars, and I can compete with Turgenev. I'm so excited!"

"Awesome upstairs! When you reach level 10, your combat power will definitely surpass 30 stars."

"Haha! That's of course! To put it bluntly, all of this is the benefit of our village's upgrade! Thank you, Boss Qin Feng!"

"Everyone, haven't you noticed that the price of energy stones has dropped?"

"Haha! I found out a long time ago, this is definitely good news for us logging, quarrying, and mining!"

"Yeah! I just calculated that if I go to Huoqi Forest to specifically cut wood, and then use the wood to exchange energy points, the energy gain from this will not be slower than killing a level 10 beast!"

"Damn it! It's so powerful! I don't kill monsters anymore, and I'm going to Huoqi Forest to chop wood."

"I'm so excited too! Take me one!"

"Brother in front, you made a mistake. Go to see the tailor's professional skills, you don't think so. The tailor has a skill that can combine three 0th-order wood into one 1st-order fine wood."

"Wow! Tailors are so awesome! 1 unit of fine wood is 10 contribution points. 1 unit of wood is 1 contribution point. If you are a tailor, you can cut 0-tier wood, and then synthesize fine wood and sell it , you can earn more power stones."

"Yeah! In this way, the upgrade efficiency is faster than killing a level 10 beast! No, I'm going to learn the tailoring profession."

"Upstairs, don't worry! The tailoring profession, not everyone is qualified to learn. Only those who have mastered the talent of wood are qualified to learn."

As soon as these words fell, the channel was mourning.

Most people don't have wood-type talent.

Only a few are complacent.

"Hey! This is too embarrassing! Learning a life occupation, you have a talent requirement. Besides, it's just a tailor, what's so great?"

"Upstairs, don't underestimate the tailoring profession. Not only can they synthesize fine wood, but they can also synthesize high-grade 1st-tier fur from animal fur. If you develop it later, you can make all kinds of armor."

"Wow! Tailor is so awesome?"

"Upstairs, not only is the profession of tailoring great, but the profession of blacksmithing is also great. You can refine Tier 0 iron ore into Tier 1 fine iron. However, blacksmiths need gold talents!"

As soon as these words fell, the channel was mourning again.

Gold-type talents are rarer than wood-type talents, I am afraid that there are not many people in the whole village who can become blacksmiths.

Qin Feng smiled when he saw this.

It turns out that tailors can synthesize high-grade fur, and blacksmiths can extract refined iron.

He has complete talents in the five elements, and he can learn both life occupations.

In this way, the problem of upgrading a 4th-level wooden house is solved.

By the way, it's time for him to announce the conditions for level 3 village promotion.

At present, the village competition is still in progress, and everyone can't be slack before they reach the level 3 village.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng issued an announcement.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: List of Village Conditions for Level 3 Upgrade (Publisher: Village Chief Qin Feng)]

【Population reaches more than 1800】

[The village chief needs to obtain the title of "Rookie Emperor"]

[The village chief's novice cabin needs to be upgraded to level 4]

[The number of first-class wooden houses has reached more than 1,000]

[The number of 2nd-level wooden houses has reached more than 200]

【The number of level 3 wooden houses has reached more than 30】

[The number of level 10 strong people reaches more than 100 people]

[There are more than 3 public buildings. 】

[Note: This is the upgrade standard of Longyuan Village, and the difficulty is twice that of other villages. 】

"Hey! The boss made an announcement."

"Look! The conditions for level 3 villages have come out!"

0

"Tsk tsk! It's really hard to upgrade to a level 3 village!"

"Haha! I think it's okay. We already have enough powerhouses at level 10. There are almost 300 powerhouses above level 10 in our village."

"Yeah! There are also three public buildings. One guardian altar and two teleportation arrays."

"Tier 1 and 2 log cabins are not a problem either. There are a lot of wood resources in Sangqi Forest, enough to upgrade our log cabins, it's just a matter of time."

"At the moment, there is a lack of blue wood cores in the 3rd-level wooden house, which is the 2nd-level material, and I don't know where to get it."

"The biggest problem is that the population has reached more than 1,800. It seems that the boss must go to other Longguo villages."

"Yeah! Only the boss can solve this problem."

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng appeared.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Qin Feng: "Everyone, the conditions for upgrading villages to level 3 have been released. Next, everyone's main upgrade task is to upgrade the wooden house."

Qin Feng: "My main task is to go to other Longguo villages and recruit people. Now, there are still a little more than three days left, so it should be relatively abundant. Let's work together!"

0

As soon as these words fell, several female villagers jumped out.

"The village chief, I hope you enter other Longguo villages earlier and save those compatriots!"

"Yes! Brother village chief, the sooner you recruit them, the better it will be for them. Otherwise, with the resources of their village, there are many of them, and they can't survive the novice assessment."

"Woo! It makes me sad to think that many of my compatriots will die."

Qin Feng is naturally a compatriot.

He replied: "I will speed up. At present, I am on the way to the Temple of Vientiane, and I will be there soon."

"That's great! As long as the village chief goes over, they will be saved."

After these words fell, Liu Yuan appeared.

Liu Yuan: "Sister upstairs, don't be too optimistic. Even if the boss goes, it won't save everyone."

"Why? With the resources of our Longyuan Village, even if they come to chop wood and mine, there is still hope of survival."

"Yeah! I've calculated it too. As long as you recruit them in and give them two or three days to dig and cut wood desperately, the vast majority of compatriots should be able to survive."

Liu Yuan smiled bitterly: "Have you not calculated carefully? The upper limit of the population of a level 2 village is 5,000. But there are 17 Longguo villages in District 1, with at least 15,000 people! Even if the boss is gone, he will also recruit Don't come here!"

"Yeah! I almost forgot to count this."

"Let's not talk about tier 2 villages, even tier 3 villages have a population cap of only 10,000 people, so it won't save all our compatriots!"

"Hey! It seems that some compatriots are destined to not be saved!"

"Let it be your fate! Some things cannot be forced!"

The crowd mourned.

Qin Feng was also helpless.

There are some things he can't control.

He can only save as much as he can.

In fact, he was very distressed.

If he can save all the Dragon Country compatriots, it will only be good for the growth of Longyuan Village, not bad.

Especially in the early stage of power development, the role of population is very large.

But judging from the current situation, he has to give up some of his compatriots.

Thinking of this, he was about to quit the chat channel.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder

Chapter 153 S-level public tasks!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, has been detected and has been awarded the title of 'Novice Emperor'. 】

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief of Longyuan Village, has been detected, and the combat power evaluation has exceeded 200 stars. 】

[Reminder: It is detected that Longyuan Village has been upgraded to a level 2 village. 】

[Reminder: The number of powerhouses above level 10 in Longyuan Village has reached more than 300. 】

[Reminder: The conditions of Longyuan Village have all reached the standard, and the S-level public task - God-level Village will be automatically activated. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked!

Oh my God!

S-rank mission!

Did they hear it right?

Qin Feng was also dumbfounded.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: This task is divided into five stages, the difficulty will increase gradually, and the reward will be increased dozens of times. 】

[Reminder: The difficulty of the first stage is comparable to D-level tasks; the second stage is comparable to C-level tasks, the third stage is comparable to B-level, the fourth stage is comparable to A-level, and the fifth stage is comparable to S-level tasks. Comprehensive difficulty evaluation : S-class. 】

[Reminder: If the task of any stage fails to complete, all rewards from the previous stage will be deducted. 】

[Reminder: Go to the Mission Hall in the Temple of Vientiane and turn in the mysterious item 'The Crystal of Resentment' to activate the first stage mission. 】

[Reminder: The first stage task reward: the population limit of this village is increased to ten times that of the village of the same level, as well as other mysterious rewards. 】

As soon as the news was announced, there was an uproar in the chat channel.

"My God! Our village has activated the S-level mission!"

"This can't be true, right? S-class mission! I can't even think about it!"

"Yeah! The previous D-level village chief mission was already very difficult. Turgenev from Village No. 44 also broke a leg for this. S-level missions are probably a hundred times more difficult, right?"

"Yeah, it might be a hundred times harder. Can we do it?"

"Upstairs, the task prompt is very clear. It is divided into five stages, the first stage is D-level difficulty. As long as the boss Qin Feng takes action, it will definitely be completed."

"Yeah! However, this task also has a hidden danger. That is, it must be done in circles. As long as any part fails, the rewards in the early stage will be fully recovered. In this way, it may be done in vain in the end. "

"Yeah! It's easy to say the first two stages. The last three stages are B-level difficulty, A-level difficulty, and S-level difficulty. One is more terrifying than the other!"

"Why do you think so much! Don't you realize that the system prompts that as long as the first stage task is completed, our population limit can be increased to ten times that of the same level."

"Hey! The upper limit of our village's population is 5,000, a tenfold increase. Isn't it 50,000!"