Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"50,000 people! Then we can recruit all the compatriots of the Dragon Kingdom in our district!"

"Haha! Why didn't I think of it! This is really good, all my compatriots are saved."

"Yeah! So exciting! So exciting!"

"I hope the boss can activate the first phase of the mission soon."

"The boss is on the way to the Vientiane Temple, it should be coming soon!"

"I'm looking forward to it! S-rank mission! It's exciting to think about it!"

"I don't know what reward I can get after finishing the last step?"

"S-level mission! The rewards must be unimaginably rich!"

"Brothers, you said that with the strength of the boss, which step can he achieve?"

"I think at least the third stage can be achieved, B-level difficulty."ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Upstairs, you underestimate the boss. You didn't see Tiandao's reminder, the boss's combat power has exceeded 200 stars!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was once again in an uproar.

"My God! It really is!"

"Wow! 200 stars! My current combat power is only 26 stars, which is only one-eighth of the boss."

"Boss is so awesome!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

Seeing this, Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

At this moment, he was also very excited.

S-rank mission!

This is definitely an extremely rare task.

Once completed, the benefits are endless!

It is a blessing to be able to activate it.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

He has done three missions in succession, two D-level and one C-level, all of which have received a lot of benefits.

From this, it can be seen that the benefits of S-level missions will be unimaginable.

As for whether he can complete the five stages, he will do it first.

It seemed that he had to get to the Temple of Vientiane earlier to start the first phase of the mission.

Having said that, the Crystal of Resentment that he picked up at first, never expected to have such a big use.

That is the token to activate the first stage mission.

He estimated that if he didn't have the Crystal of Resentment in his hand, he probably wouldn't be able to activate this S-level mission.

Fortunately, he had the Eye of True Sight at the beginning, and when he saw the crystal of resentment demons that were dark and not slippery, he glanced at it one more time, and it showed that the information was a mysterious thing, so he put it away.

Don't think about it, he should hurry up and set off.

By the way, at present, Longyuan Village needs 30 level 3 wooden houses to upgrade to level 3 villages.

The most difficult thing to get to level 3 wooden house is the green wood core.

Thinking of this, he donated 100 green wood cores and got 5,000 contribution points.

This operation naturally caused cheers from all over Longyuan Village.

Everyone was very happy.

With the Aoki core, the problem of upgrading a 3-level cabin is solved.

At present, the biggest problem that plagues the upgrading of Longyuan Village is the population problem.

The solution to this conundrum goes straight to the Temple of Vientiane.

Qin Feng's trip to the Vientiane Temple is imminent.

Of course, before going to the Temple of Vientiane, he had to improve his strength.

This time he successfully upgraded the village to level 2, and he has accumulated 2060 attributes.

This 2.8 is a delightful thing to do.

At this moment, Qin Feng opened the attribute panel and added points in a comfortable mood.

With this added point, his momentum skyrocketed.

It didn't take long for him to add points, and his combat power soared to 237 stars, and his strength increased a lot.

Qin Feng felt relieved.

Such combat power is one step closer to the goal of 300 stars.

After dealing with this, Qin Feng set off again and hurried to the Vientiane Temple.

After a quarter of an hour, he reached the entrance of Chessboard Valley.

Passing through the Chessboard Valley, it is Tongtian Lake.

The Vientiane Temple is next to Tongtian Lake.

At this moment, as soon as Qin Feng entered Qipan Valley, he saw amazing scenes

Chapter 154: The Millennium Ancient Town, Transmitting Opportunities!

At this moment, as soon as Qin Feng entered Qipan Valley, he saw amazing scenes...

In front of it is a dilapidated villa, full of ruins and ruins, exuding a desolate atmosphere.

Looking at the villa, there are many tall wooden houses, all of which are dilapidated.

Judging from the layout of those cabins, many of them are novice cabins of level 2 and 3, many of which are level 4 cabins, and even a few level 5 cabins.

This made Qin Feng a little surprised.

He hurriedly walked towards the villa in front of him.

As soon as he stepped into the villa, he smelled a faint musty smell.

It was the smell of moldy wood, mixed with the smell of dust, which made the villa even more desolate.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have entered the boundary of Moon Stepping Town. 】

what!

It used to be a town!

Villages can be promoted to towns when they reach level 5.

Qin Feng looked around.

This should be an ancient town built thousands of years ago.

After all, the war of all worlds is once every thousand years.

Thousands of years ago, this big world was another group of human beings living and fighting each other.

It's just that a thousand years have passed, leaving a ruin, most of which have failed in the battle.

By the way, this is an ancient town, will there be any treasures?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he stepped into town 07 quickly and looked around.

Soon, he came to a level 5 wooden house.

The level 5 wooden house looks like a wooden building with two floors, which is very stylish.

It's just that this wooden building has long since decayed, and the gate is even more broken, only half of it remains.

squeak~!

Open the wooden door!

Qin Feng walked in and saw some tables and chairs, covered with dust.

He held his breath and stepped forward to search.

Soon, he found that the tables, chairs, wooden beams, and even the walls in the house had traces of being eaten by termites.

As a result, those wood and fine wood are all waste, and there is no way to disassemble them and use them.

Qin Feng walked around the house and found nothing.

He had to settle for the next best thing, to see if he could dismantle any materials to build a wooden house.

After some hard work, he disassembled a few pieces of fine iron, which made him a little relieved.

Finally got something!

Besides, fine iron is one of the materials he needs most.

His 4th-level cabin has not been found yet!

If he wants to obtain fine iron, he must first learn the professional skills of blacksmiths, and I am afraid that it will take some time.

Now, he didn't have time to deal with those things, so he postponed Jing Tie in advance.

But at this moment, he encountered an ancient town with many level 4 wooden houses.

He can find ready-made fine iron from these level 4 wooden houses!

This can save him a lot of time to upgrade the level 4 cabin.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng came to the spirit and began to dismantle the fine iron in the town.

Before he knew it, he dismantled it to the center of the town, and just collected 10 units of fine iron, just enough to upgrade the level 4 wooden house.

Qin Feng was satisfied, so he stopped dismantling and prepared to leave.

What made him a little regretful was that some of the high-grade fur in the 4th-level wooden house had long been eaten by insects and ants and could not be used.

Regarding the high-end fur, I can only think about it after a delay.

In this way, Qin Feng is ready to leave after dismantling enough fine iron.

It is dusk now, and the sun is about to set.

He had to get to Tongtian Lake before dark.

Having said that, in the process of dismantling the fine iron, he always felt that this Tayue Town was a little weird, but he couldn't tell what was weird.

However, he had no time to think about that.

After collecting the fine iron, he was ready to leave.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, Qin Feng seemed to sense something and looked up at a certain direction in Tayue Town.

The area of ​​Tayue Town is not small, with a radius of more than ten kilometers, which is ten times the size of Longyuan Village.

At this moment, he heard a faint breathing sound coming from that direction.

The sound was very small, but Qin Feng had a B-level talent and six senses, and his hearing was extremely amazing.

As soon as his heart moved, he went in that direction and sneaked away quietly.

After a few miles, Qin Feng arrived at the place.

It was a square.

There is a teleportation array in the center of the square, which looks intact.

The moment Qin Feng saw the teleportation array, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The Teleportation Array of Tayue Town was found, and the Teleportation Array is in good condition. 】

[Reminder: Consume a 'Teleportation Resource Card' to enable teleportation between Tayue Town and Longyuan Village. 】

[Transfer resource card: Tier 3 items, divine cards blessed by heaven. Using this card, the association between transmission arrays can be opened. 】