[Reminder: Send resource cards, which can be exchanged in the Tiandao resource channel. 】

It can be so!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is definitely a good thing.

Opening the teleportation between Longyuan Village and Tayue Town will help the expansion of Longyuan Village.

In the future, when he and the villagers go out for a walk, he won't have to spend a lot of time on the road.

This discovery made Qin Feng happy.

Having said that, Tiandao just reminded that the resource transfer card can be exchanged in the Tiandao resource channel.

It seems that after the village upgrade this time, there should be a lot of new items in the Tiandao resource channel.

It's just that he is too busy to study.

Since there are ready-made ones in the 'Tiandao Resource Channel', it is easy to open the teleportation array.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt relieved.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

However, instead of opening it right away, he looked at the other end of the square.

There was an old well there, with an old reel and a wooden barrel hanging on it.

At this time, the wooden barrel was wet and seemed to dare to be used.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the eye of insight swept towards the ancient well.

【Public Building】: Lingquan Well

[Effect]: It can continuously produce spiritual spring water.

[Spiritual spring water: Tier 1 resource, which can be used to cultivate spiritual plants or drink directly, which is very effective for restoring energy. 】

It turned out to be a public building.

Looking at its function, it is also a good thing, it can actually generate 1st-order resource spiritual spring water.

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes turned again, looking to the side of Lingquan Well.

There was a giant beast lying there, squinting, and taking a nap somewhere.

The giant beast is full of golden hair, looks like a dog, and is three feet long, with extraordinary momentum.

At this moment, its belly is heaving and breathing is even.

The sound Qin Feng heard before was made by this monster.

Looking at the ground around the monster, it was wet.

Obviously, the monster had just drank the well water and was resting beside the well at the moment.

However, the beast can also draw water from the well itself 873?

Qin Feng thinks it is unlikely.

Even if the beast has enough intelligence, it doesn't have the flexible hands and feet of humans.

With this in mind, his penetrating eye scanned away.

【Ferocious Beast】: Golden Light

[Level]: Level 30 (mutation level)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 100 stars

[Characteristics]: Guardian, violent, bloodthirsty.

[Talent]: True Meaning of Light (C rank)

【Skill】:? ?

[Explosion rate]: 31%

[Status]: Controlled

This was actually a level 30 mutant beast.

It was the first time he had seen a level 30 beast.

Coming all the way from Shangqi Village, he killed nearly a hundred beasts, all of them level 20 to 25.

Unexpectedly, I saw a level 30 mutant beast this time, and its combat power also reached 100 stars, which is not weak.

Looking at its state, it is actually being manipulated.

Don't know what's behind it?

However, Qin Feng has no time to think about those.

He is in a hurry to rush to Tongtian Lake, let's open the teleportation array sooner!

Thinking of this, he walked towards the teleportation array.

That Jin Guangjian was awakened suddenly, and got up with a jolt.

When it saw Qin Feng, it was stunned for a moment.

It also thought that its master had returned.

But in the next second, it discovered that this human being is not its own master.

roar~!

Jin Guangjian growled lowly, the look in his eyes suddenly turned bad.

Chapter 155: SSS-level Chaos Talent

At this moment, Jin Guangjian stared at Qin Feng coldly.

Ha ha!

A human who is only level 16!

There was disdain in Jin Guangjian's eyes.

It is a level 30 mutant beast, and even level 30 humans are no match for it.

Suddenly, it let out a low roar, and suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng with murderous aura.

roar~!

In the blink of an eye, it rushed forward, opened its **** mouth, and bit Qin Feng.

The fishy wind is coming!

Qin Feng sneered and was about to shoot.

Om~!

But at this moment, Jin Guangjian's whole body suddenly lit up with a dazzling white light.

That strong light appeared, like a scorching sun in the sky, shining for thousands of miles.

Qin Feng's eyes were illuminated by the strong light, and he suddenly felt a blank area in front of him, and he could no longer see anything else.

He was blinded by bright light again!

And this time, Jin Guangjian's strong light technique was ten times more powerful than the forbidden area guardian's strong light technique.

Under the strong light, Qin Feng was not only unable to see, but his eyes were tingling, and he wanted to cry.

That strong light has a very strong attack power, not only the effect of blinding.

After all, Jin Guangjian's light talent is C-level, and the light talent of the forbidden area guardian is D-level.

Different talents and abilities, using the same skills, the power is also very different.

The bright talent is what Qin Feng lacks, and it is also one of his weaknesses.

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng was blinded, and his eyes were slightly red.

Jin Guangjian was overjoyed when he saw Qin Feng's trick.

That **** mouth, without hesitation, bit Qin Feng's throat.

Swish~!

But at this moment, a knife light flashed in the white light.

Kacha~!

Blood shot!

Bang~! Bang~!

The sound of heavy objects landing twice in a row!

The ground trembled slightly.

When the strong light dissipated, Qin Feng's eyesight gradually recovered, and he saw that Jin Guangjian had been split in half, and blood was flowing.

There was a thick smell of blood in the air.

In the next second, a white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Successfully kills level 30 Jinguang (mutation level), you get +21000 energy points. 】

[The first kill of level 30 Jinguang (mutation level) is successful, you get +3 reputation points. 】

Earnings are not bad!

Qin Feng looked at the corpse on the ground calmly.

If other people encounter this golden light, they will be blinded by a sneak attack by the strong light technique, and thus suffer a big loss.

It's a pity that Qin Feng has six senses, and he has no vision, but he has hearing, smell, and touch to make up for it.

At the moment, he stopped wasting time and went forward to extract the corpse.

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired a C-level talent - the true meaning of light. 】

good! good!

Finally got the talent of light.

Last time, he only extracted the B-level wind element talent from the guardian, but did not extract the light element talent.

This time, the extraction is complete.

From now on, he is no longer afraid of being blinded by strong light.

He has one less weakness.

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to extract.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: It has been detected that you have awakened the nine element talents of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, darkness, and light. 】

[Reminder: When the talents of the nine elements reach the A-level, and then the A-level space talent and the A-level time talent are combined, the SSS-level talent - the law of chaos can be automatically merged. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked.

SSS-level talent!

It turned out that as long as the talents of the nine elements are upgraded to A-level, and then the talents of time and space are combined, the SSS-level chaos law talent can be obtained.

What an amazing discovery!

He finally found a way to get a second SSS-level talent, which is a combat-type SSS-level talent.

After calming down the joyful mood for a while, Qin Feng continued to extract for the second time.

This time, he got 5 agility attributes, another small gain.

After doing this, he went straight to the teleportation formation.

Now is the time to activate the teleportation array.