Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When I came to the teleportation array, I saw that it was covered with dust.

On the dust, there are several clear human footprints!

"These footprints..."

Qin Feng was surprised.

Seeing that the footprints are relatively new, it seems that someone came to this ancient town not long ago.

Strange, in the big world outside, besides the Qi clan, are there other humans?

By the way, I want this monster...

Qin Feng glanced back at Jin Guangjian's corpse again, with some vague guesses in his heart.

Forget it, don't think about it so much, let's do business!

At the moment, he no longer thought about it, and directly opened the 'Tiandao Resource Channel', and there were more than a dozen new items in it.

For example: Advanced mining hoe, the speed of mining and quarrying can be doubled.

There are also a variety of daily necessities and food.

However, Qin Feng is not interested in these.

His eyes fell on the item list, the last column.

[Transmission Resource Card: Tier 3 God Card, which opens the connection between the teleportation arrays. 】

[Exchange price: 1000 contribution points. 】

[How to use: It requires the operation of the village chief and the blood essence as the guide to open the transmission between the two places. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng directly exchanged one.

After a while, he took out a shiny silver **** card from the resource channel.

On the front are multiple six-pointed star images, and on the back are images of one teleportation array after another.

That is to send resource cards!

As soon as the divine card was in his hand, Qin Feng broke his fingers and dripped blood on one of the cards.

Om~!

In the next second, Shenka absorbed the blood essence and slowly floated into the air, emitting a dazzling white light.

Afterwards, it turned into a phantom of a six-pointed star formation and automatically merged into the teleportation formation in front.

Boom~Long~Long!

The entire teleportation array lit up and made a rumbling sound.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

After a while, the teleportation array returned to calm, and all movements gradually subsided.

The resource card has been fully integrated into the teleportation array.

At the same moment, Tiandao's prompt resounded throughout Longyuan Village.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has opened the teleportation link between Longyuan Village and Tayue Town. Immediately, the major teleportation points in Longyuan Village can be teleported directly to Tayue Town, or from Tayue Town to Longyuan Village. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: This transmission resource belongs to Longyuan Village. Villagers who are not from Longyuan Village cannot use the teleportation array to enter Longyuan Village from Tayue Town. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully opened a new teleportation point and gained +3 reputation points. 】

As soon as the news came out, the villagers were immediately curious.

At the same moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally opened successfully!

The power of Longyuan Village extended and expanded a little further.

Qin Feng was quite satisfied.

By the way, this place has not yet been discovered, and it is full of unknown dangers. He has to remind those subordinates.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the chat channel.

As soon as he entered, he saw everyone talking about the teleportation formation.

"Everyone, the boss has opened the teleportation point in Tayue Town."

"Yeah! I've seen the message too, I really want to check it out!"

"Is there any danger there?"

"I do not know!"

"I think it's better to wait for the boss's order!"

Only after these words fell, Qin Feng appeared.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, this Tayue Town is a deserted ancient town. The surrounding situation is unknown and the danger is unknown. Don't send it here for the time being."

"Wow! The boss is out!"

"I'm so excited to see the boss!"

"Boss, we understand, we will obey your order and will not go to Tayue Town for the time being."

Qiyue: "Master, are you coming to the Vientiane Temple soon? Yue'er is waiting for you to come back!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they were very excited.

Qin Feng: "That's right! I'm about to arrive at the Vientiane Temple. By the way, you must also speed up the progress of logging, and strive to raise Longyuan Village to level 3 as soon as possible."

Liu Xuan: "Boss, we already have a lot of people who have been teleported directly to the village of Sangqi for logging. The forest resources there are much more than those at the edge of the Sangqi Forest, and the collection of forest resources is much faster than before."

Wu Yong: "Yeah! In that place, Elder Qishan led a group of powerhouses above level 13 to form a guard team to protect everyone from beasts. In this way, our logging efficiency is faster than before. More than ten times!"

Longshan: "Let me see, we should be able to go smoothly when we upgrade to level 3 villages this time."

Seeing this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Liu Yuan: "By the way, boss, when are you going to upgrade to level 4 cabins?"

"Yes! Boss, when did you upgrade to a 4th-level wooden house?"

"Boss, do you lack any materials to upgrade your 4th-level wooden house? If you need it, just tell everyone to do it!"

Everyone is very concerned about Qin Feng's promotion of the 4th-level wooden house.

After all, in order for Longyuan Village to be upgraded to a level 3 village, the village chief's wooden house must be upgraded to level 4.

Qin Feng: "That's right! I'm short of 10 units of high-grade furs, and that needs to be crafted by a tailor."

Liu Yan: "Hee hee! Boss, I just spent 500 contribution points to get the 'tailoring' life profession. Since the village elder brother needs it, I will go and synthesize high-grade fur for you now."

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Then I'll trouble you!"

Qiyue: "Don't you know how to make some high-end furs? It's amazing. My brother also has a talent for wood. I will let him be a tailor, and I will also make high-end furs for the master."

Qiyun: "..."

Qin Feng saw this, smiled, and backed out.

He vaguely felt that the girl Qiyue was jealous.

In any case, the problem of high-end fur was settled, which made him feel happy.

After exiting the chat channel, Qin Feng left in a hurry and rushed to the Vientiane Temple again...

Just a quarter of an hour after Qin Feng left, two human figures appeared in the field.

When the two saw Jin Guangjian's body, they were stunned.

One of them was even more grief-stricken

Chapter 156: The City of Heaven

Just a quarter of an hour after Qin Feng left, two human figures appeared in the field.

When the two saw Jin Guangjian's body, they were stunned.

One of them was even more grief-stricken...

"My pet is dead! What did it do?"

The grief-stricken person was a sturdy man wearing a somewhat rough leather armor.

Behind him, there was a tall and thin black-robed man with sunken eye sockets.

At this moment, the black-robed man stepped forward silently and checked the body.

After a while, he frowned slightly: "Cangwu, your golden light was not killed by beasts, but by humans."

The majestic man was stunned for a moment: "Heise, you said that Xiao Jin was killed by a human? There are humans around here? Logically speaking, this shouldn't be!"

Kurosawa said in a low voice, "Look at Xiao Jin's wound, which is flat and smooth. It should have been split open by a sharp weapon, such as a knife. The only people who can use weapons should be humans."

Cang Wu frowned: "This is not necessarily! For example, some fierce beasts master the wind blade combat skills, and they can also split Xiao Jin in half."

Heisawa smiled coldly: "Then look at the footprints next to the corpse, it is clearly the footprints of humans, not beasts."

Cangwu hurriedly stepped forward to take a look. Sure enough, there were a few messy footprints.

He immediately took a deep breath of cold air: "Kurozawa, we have checked around here, and there has been no trace of human activity. Now that there are humans, are those challengers out of the novice village?"

Kurosawa nodded slightly: "It's possible!"

Cangwu was surprised: "Four days ago, the Heavenly Dao Mutation began. My family was also able to use the teleportation array at that time. If you count the time, the challengers should come out in three days, not now!"

Kurosawa whispered: "There are many outstanding ones who can come out ahead of time."

Cang Wu frowned: "If you can come out within four days, your strength must be extremely strong!"

Black Ze nodded slightly: "It's really strong! However, you don't have to worry. Heavenly Dao has reminded that the challengers who come this time come from a small world."

Hearing this, Cang Wu's mouth twitched slightly, and he said proudly: "The humans in Xiaoqian World are far inferior to those in our Middle Thousand World. What's more, we are still ranked very high in the Middle Thousand World. We can absolutely crush them."

Kurosawa smiled: "That's true, so we don't have to worry too much. Having said that, our clan has been waiting for a thousand years, and finally a new batch of challengers arrives."

"This time it's time to take action and kill a group of challengers. This is the last chance Heavenly Dao has given us, and we must seize it!"

Cang Wu also smiled and said, "Yeah! My clan has a good luck this time. The challenger assigned to this big world is from the small world. My clan should be able to complete the test of heaven this time."

"By the way, I don't know what kind of benefits will be after killing the challenger? According to the instructions of Heaven, the benefits are great!"

Kurosawa smiled slightly: "I have a goal right now, if you try it, you will know."

Cang Wu: "You mean, the one who killed my pet?"

Black Ze: "That's right! Seeing that the blood of this golden light is still a little warm, that person should be gone soon. If I want to see him, he will be gone for a quarter of an hour at most."

Cang Wu: "My Jin Guangyu is a human-level peak combat power. If that person can kill Jin Guangyu, he should have a half-step earth-level combat power."

Half-step prefecture-level combat power, ranging from 130 stars to 180 stars.

Earth-level combat power, even if it is a low-level foundation building, the weakest can reach 200 star combat power.

Cang Wu continued: "The two of us are both half-level combat power, even if we catch up with that person, we will have to go through a lot of hard work before we can win that person. If we are unlucky, it will not be worthwhile to let that person escape. already."

Kurosawa nodded slightly: "It makes sense!"

The tone of the two people seemed to have settled on Qin Feng, never thought that they would lose, but only thought that Qin Feng might escape.

Heisawa pondered for a while: "How about this, our Hui people, please come and take action."

Cang Wu's eyes lit up: "The elder is an earth-level powerhouse. If he takes action against a small thousand world's half-step earth-level, it must be easy to capture."

Kurosawa smiled and said, "If the elders learn that a challenger has appeared, he will be very happy."

Canggo sighed: "The only thing I worry about is that it will be difficult to find that challenger after we come back."

Kurosawa smiled confidently: "Don't worry! That person will definitely come back. Don't forget, there is a spiritual well here, but there is a steady stream of Tier 1 spiritual spring water. With this resource, he will come back."

"Also, if I'm not wrong, he should have gone to Tongtian Lake to find the Vientiane Temple after passing here."

Cang Wu's eyes lit up: "It makes sense! However, the sun is about to go down, and he is destined to go to the Vientiane Temple at this time."

Heize smiled and said: "So, he will definitely go to Tongtian Lake tomorrow. Let's go! We Hui people, report to the elders!"

"It's time to go! The sun is about to set! Originally, we were going to get some soul stones in Tayue Town tonight, but my pet was killed, and the plan was impossible!"

Canggo looked at the corpse on the ground with some grief.