Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He Ze sighed: "Yes! Without Jinguang, this night in Tayue Town is not for people to stay. Let's go quickly, the sun is about to go down, and we can't stay any longer."

Kurosawa looked at the setting sun in the distance, and half of it had fallen into the distant mountains.

This scene made him a little anxious.

He seems to be very scared, Treading Moon Town in the night.

Cangwu also glanced at the setting sun and knew that there was no delay.

"Let's go!"

Immediately, the two set foot on the teleportation formation and put a power stone in the hole of the altar.

Om~!

In the next second, the teleportation array lit up with a dazzling aura.

As the great formation ran, the two of them turned into white light and disappeared.

Under the twilight, the breath of Tayue Town also became gloomy.

At the same moment, Qin Feng finally arrived at Tongtian Lake.

As soon as he entered his eyes, he saw a large lake with a length of thousands of miles.

The lake surface is misty, and the sunset is sparkling, which is extremely magnificent.

When he looked up, he was shocked by the scene in front of him.

I saw that above the lake, there was a temple, suspended in the sky.

Most of the hall is hidden in the clouds, making people unable to see the whole picture, but the smoke and clouds are vague, majestic and sacred.

That is the Temple of Vientiane!

Chapter 157 Time Force Field

How spectacular!

Qin Fengyao looked at the sky and was amazed.

By the way, this temple is above ten thousand feet in the sky. How can many non-flying players enter the temple?

Just when this idea came to him, he discovered that there were more than a dozen long black strips hanging down from the bottom of the temple, like the roots of plants~, hanging into the lake.

He stared at it again, and found that those black strips were actually 10,000-foot ladders made of black iron, connecting the lake and the temple.

It's just too far apart, from a distance, it looks like a tree that can reach the sky, hanging down thousands of feet - roots.

It seems that those players who can't fly have climbed from the lake to the temple through those ten thousand zhang ladders.

No wonder the lake in front of you is called Tongtian Lake.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Because there is a ladder connected to the lake, the lake can reach the sky!

Having said that, it takes a lot of physical strength to climb up from the bottom of the ladder.

However, this is not a problem for Qin Feng at all.

Boom~!

With a thought, he instantly released the wings of the wind.

In the next second, his wings shook, and he flew towards the temple in the air.

In just a moment, he flew over Tongtian Lake.

Boom~Long~Long!

But at this moment, a huge roar came from the sky.

Qin Feng looked up and saw that the temple slowly became translucent, and finally disappeared.

He was stunned for a moment!

The temple is gone!

Then how does he take up the task?

Also, this temple won't disappear forever, will it?

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have stepped into the boundary of Tongtian Lake. 】

[Reminder: When the first ray of dawn comes, the temple will come quietly. When the sun goes down, the temple will also quietly retreat. 】

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng quickly looked at the distant sky.

Knew it!

The sun has completely set.

The temple also followed suit.

He was a step too late after all.

Qin Feng was a little sighed and slowly fell from the air.

It seemed that he had no choice but to go back and come again at dawn.

Having said that, it is not a bad thing to come again at dawn!

This time, in order to catch up with the progress, many of the gains were too late to digest.

This time it is time to go back, digest those gains, and then improve your strength.

He thought of the S-level god-level village mission.

It was a chain mission.

Once opened, it is necessary to do it one by one.

Who knows, is there a time limit for each task?

If there is a time limit, after completing one task, he will rush to do the next task, and he will not have time to digest the previous gains.

It is also possible that he failed halfway through the mission due to his lack of strength.

In this case, he might as well digest what he had gained before, raise his strength to a higher level, and then take the task, the success rate will be higher.

At this thought, Qin Feng suddenly became enlightened.

Having said that, this time he still gained something.

After all, he has already arrived at Tongtian Lake, and as long as he returns with one click, he will be able to arrive here in one second.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng started the 'one-key return to the village'.

A minute later, he returned to his log cabin.

After returning to the wooden house, he felt the unique warmth of the wooden house, which slowly relieved his fatigue.

He has been busy all day, and it is time to go back to the wooden house to rest.

At this moment, he sensed that in the bedroom, the pet egg was calling him.

He hurriedly walked into the bedroom, and saw the pet egg exuding a faint aura.

As if sensing his arrival, the little guy exuded gentle mental power fluctuations, expressing joy and intimacy to him.

Qin Feng felt warm in his heart and walked over with a smile.

After calculating the time, he should also feed the third drop of blood essence to the little guy.

Thinking of this, he cut his fingertips, squeezed out a drop of blood essence, and dropped it on the pet egg.

After a while, the blood was completely drained, and the little guy was extremely happy.

It didn't take long for it to quiet down and fall asleep again.

Qin Feng knows that when it wakes up again, it will break out of its shell.

His pet of war will come in handy.

This little guy is a pet at the prefecture level!

The strength must be very strong!

As he learned about the prefecture-level realm, the more he knew that his pet was extraordinary.

He was even more looking forward to the birth of the little guy.

Perhaps with the help of this little guy, his success rate in completing the task of the god-level village will be higher.

As far as he knows, participating in the sacred martial arts assessment is allowed to participate in battle pets.

Because the pet is also a part of the challenger's strength.

So, this little guy will be of great help to him.

pity!

It will take 24 hours until the little guy is born.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Liu Yan trades you 10 units of high-end fur for free. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The materials are finally gathered!

Liu Yan is very powerful!

He quickly entered the trading channel, took out the high-end fur, and gave Liu Yan 100 contribution points.

After doing this, he couldn't wait to start upgrading the cabin.

In just a moment, an announcement spread throughout Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has upgraded the novice wooden house to level 4, obtained the blessing of heaven and rewarded it with 400 attributes. 】

As soon as the news came out, the whole Longyuan Village was filled with joy again.

At the same time, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng looked around in surprise.

At this moment, his wooden house has undergone great changes.

The space has tripled in one fell swoop.

There are already three bedrooms, a training room, a living room, a dining room, plus a kitchen and a bathroom.

The room is very spacious and comfortable, with all kinds of furniture and daily necessities.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Then he started working on other harvests.

I saw him take out a long sword from the storage ring, and the light was shining, especially dazzling.

That sword is called Ganjinjian, and it is a fourth-order weapon.

It has a 'Golden Spirit' attached to it, making its power comparable to a fifth-order weapon.

At this moment, Qin Feng began to study the golden spirit above.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue sent a private chat.

Qin Feng connected easily.

Qiyue: "Master, are you back?"

0

Qin Feng: "Well, I'm back!"

Qiyue: "Master, then I will sit in the teleportation array and come to the headquarters of Longyuan Village to find you?"

Qin Feng: "Have you figured out your time talent ability?"

Qiyue: "I have initially mastered an ability."

Qin Feng: "Okay, then come here!"