Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, I'll come right away!"

At the other end of the communication, Qi Yue's tone was full of joy.

Qin Feng shook his head with a smile, and continued to study the spirit of gold.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

Qin Feng finally researched the magical effect of 'Golden Spirit' and successfully integrated it into his body.

At this moment, his face was full of joy.

Having mastered the Spirit of Gold, his overall strength has risen sharply.

Then, he put the dry golden sword on the trading channel.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Just as the matter was settled, there was a knock on the door outside.

Qin Feng stepped forward to open the door, and saw Qi Yue pretty standing outside the door, and was immediately amazed.

I saw that Qiyue was no longer wearing clothes made of animal skins like the last time, but a green princess dress.

She was a beauty embryo.

Now this dress up, that white jade-like skin, against the backdrop of the tender green princess dress, is full of youthful beauty and eye-catching.

Today, the Qi clan has joined Longyuan Village and can exchange for various living resources, so the dress is naturally different from before.

"Owner!"

Qiyue stood at the door, blushing slightly.

"come in!"

"Um!"

Qiyue walked into the house obediently.

When she came in, she was shocked by Qin Feng's wooden house.

"Wow! Master, your level 4 cabin is so luxurious!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's okay!"

Qiyue: "Master, how many bedrooms does your wooden house have?"

Qin Feng: "3 rooms!"

"Master, can I choose one? My grandfather said that I am here to be a maid. I want to take care of your daily life and serve everything that can serve you."

As Qi Yue spoke, her face turned slightly red.

Qin Feng was a little speechless to Qishan.

He asked Qiyue to come, not because he needed a maid, but because he wanted to see Qiyue's talent and potential.

This Qiyue has huge potential and is very worth cultivating.

Immediately, he asked: "Qiyue, you said earlier that you have initially mastered a time innate ability, what ability is it?"

Qiyue hurriedly said: "It's a time force field! I can display a time force field to double the flow of time within a hundred meters."

"That is to say, two days have passed in my time force field, and only one day has passed outside."

Hearing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was greatly surprised.

This ability is very useful to him!

The only thing he needs now is time.

In addition, Qiyue can also bless the time force field on his pet eggs.

In that case, his pet eggs will only take 12 hours to hatch.

Chapter 158 Evolution! Tier 6 pets!

"Master, can I stay?" Qiyue asked timidly.

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said, "Qiyue, I give you a task. If you can successfully complete it, follow me in the future!"

Qi Yue was delighted: "Master, what is the mission?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Follow me!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Qi Yue obediently followed Qin Feng.

After a while, the two came to the bedroom where the pet eggs were placed.

"Qiyue, your mission is to use the time force field in this room to speed up the hatching of this pet egg."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, is it that simple?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "It's that simple!"

"Master, Yue'er promises to complete the task."

Qi Yue happily walked to the pet egg and sat down.

"Wow! Master, you seem to be a fifth-order battle pet egg!"

The little girl has extraordinary knowledge, and as soon as she sits down, she recognizes the rank of the pet egg.

"Master, listen to my grandfather, as long as the fifth-order battle pet egg hatches, it will be in the prefecture-level realm!"

Qiyue's little hand caressed the eggshell, her eyes full of envy.

It would be great if she had such a powerful pet.

However, she was inexplicably happy that the master could have such a powerful pet egg.

"Qiyue, then do you know that the ground-level pets hatched from the fifth-order battle pet eggs are generally based on what rank?"

Qin Feng is very concerned about this issue.

"My grandfather said that the fifth-order war pet eggs have a 99% chance of hatching a low-grade foundation, and there is a 1% chance of a mid-grade foundation. If it is a sixth-order war pet egg, it is a 99% chance of hatching a middle-grade foundation. Those who build foundations have a 1% chance of being high-grade foundations."

Hearing this, Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He muttered inwardly, if his pet is a mid-level foundation building, that's fine.

The mid-level foundation-building pets are several times stronger than the low-level foundation-building pets, and can easily swept the low-level foundation-building pets of the same level.

It is a pity that there is only a 1% chance of getting a mid-level foundation building pet, and everything can only depend on luck.

By the way, I still have that treasure!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he remembered something, and quickly took out one thing from the storage ring.

It was a lotus flower the size of a washbasin.

As soon as it appeared, the house was full of rays of light and fragrant.

That is the fourth-order spiritual flower - Fiery Red Lotus.

"Wow! Fourth-order spirit flower!"

Qi Yue was amazed, her mouth opened wide.

After the spirit flower reaches the second rank, it is extremely rare.

For so many years, the entire Huoqi Forest has not produced a fourth-order spirit flower, and the highest is only third-order.

Therefore, Qiyue was surprised.

What's more, the fourth-order spirit flower in the master's hand can condense the glow of the sun, which is a sign of advancing to the fifth-order spirit flower.

In other words, this red lotus is the best among the fourth-order spiritual flowers!

Wow~!

The owner is extraordinary!

A casual shot, it is not a fifth-order battle pet, or a fourth-order top-quality spirit flower!

At this moment, Qi Yue felt more and more that Qin Feng was unfathomable

At the same moment, after Qin Feng took out the fiery red lotus, he couldn't wait to activate the eye of insight.

Before, his True Sight could not detect the effect of the fiery red lotus, but this time it should be fine.

With this scan, he saw all the information about the flaming red lotus.

【Name】: Fire Red Lotus

[Grade Rank]: Fourth-Order Spirit Flower

【Origin】: After the death of Huofeng, part of the essence and blood was transformed.

[Origin]: Huofeng is one of the direct descendants of the divine beast Suzaku, and its body contains a high level of Suzaku divine blood.

[Effect 1]: Let the creatures with the Suzaku bloodline eat this spirit lotus, which can increase the concentration of the Suzaku bloodline in their bodies. It can also be refined into Fengxue Dan, and the effect is better after taking it.

[Effect 2]: The essence of the fiery red lotus can be directly extracted and integrated into the battle pet eggs with the Suzaku bloodline, there is a certain chance to improve the rank of the battle pet eggs.

[Reminder: After the battle pet hatches, if you devour the red lotus essence, it can only increase the bloodline concentration of the Suzaku, not the egg level of the battle pet]

[Reminder: The professional skills of a level 2 pharmacist can extract the essence of spirit grass. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Level 2 pharmacist, that's a level 2 life occupation.

Only level 3 villages can learn level 2 life occupation skills.

Today's Longyuan Village is still a level 2 village, and can only learn life occupation skills of level 1 at most.

The occupational skill of a Level 1 pharmacist is Spirit Grass Planting.

Therefore, none of the pharmacists in Longyuan Village can extract the essence of medicinal materials.

In fact, there are very few people in Longyuan Village who can become pharmacists, let alone find someone to extract the essence of spirit grass.

But all this is nothing to Qin Feng.

Because he has endless extraction!

Even better, it takes a long time for the pharmacist to extract the essence of the spirit grass.

Just one tier 1 spirit grass, after refining it, it will take an hour, and there will be some essence loss in the middle.

Qin Feng's endless extraction can be completed in an instant without any loss.

"It turns out that the essence of this spirit has a certain chance to evolve the pet eggs!"

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised.

The next second, as soon as his mind moved, he launched endless extraction.

hum~!

I saw a dazzling white light on his palm.

Immediately afterwards, the fiery red lotus withered rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye, shrinking into a black withered lotus in just a few seconds, and drooping down...

At the same time, a large group of red spiritual liquid was suspended in the palm of the hand, with its own red glow, exuding a refreshing fragrance.

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted all the spirit flower essence from the fiery red lotus! 】

The spirit lotus is withered, and the essence is extracted.

Preliminary work completed perfectly!

Afterwards, Qin Feng walked quickly to the battle pet egg, thinking about communicating with the battle pet inside.

After a while, the little guy inside reacted, and there were intimate mental fluctuations.

Afterwards, Qin Feng put the spiritual liquid mass close to the eggshell.

Om~!

The pet egg lit up with aura, and then produced an invisible suction force that actively absorbed its red spiritual liquid.

In this way, those spiritual liquids were sucked into the eggs by the invisible suction.