Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Om~! Om~! Ong~!

As the spiritual fluid absorbed more and more, the aura of the pet egg became brighter and brighter, and the mental fluctuations from the little guy became more and more joyful.

It seemed to like those oozes.

In just a moment, the spiritual liquid in Qin Feng's hand was completely absorbed by the pet egg.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It didn't take long for a strange sound to come out of the egg.

At the same moment, the expression of the eggshell automatically emerges, with peculiar lines, like a naturally formed inscription.

After a while, all the movement disappeared, and the breath of the entire pet also improved a lot.

The original bluish-white eggshell has also become silver-white, with its own red glow.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your Huoluan battle pet egg has absorbed enough red lotus essence, and the bloodline concentration of Suzaku has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: Your Huo Luan battle pet egg has absorbed enough red lotus essence, and the talent potential of Suzaku has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: The rank of your Huoluan pet egg has been upgraded to a sixth-order battle pet egg. 】

good! good!

This battle pet egg has really been upgraded!

Qi Yue was dumbfounded by this scene for a long time.

After a long while, she reacted and immediately cheered.

"Master, your pet egg has been promoted to Tier 6! It's great!"

At this moment, her joy was beyond words.

Qin Feng is also overjoyed at 4.5.

The sixth-order battle pet egg!

As long as the incubation is successful, the minimum is mid-level foundation building.

If you are lucky, you can also encounter a high-grade foundation with a 1% chance.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Qiyue.

The little girl's face was full of joy at the moment, looking at her eyes, she was full of admiration.

He could feel that this little girl was really happy for him.

It warmed his heart.

"Yue'er, this pet egg will be handed over to you. You give it the blessing of the time force field and let it hatch as soon as possible."

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded obediently, very happy.

Just now, the master actually called him 'Yue'er' affectionately, it seems that the master started to like him.

Thinking of this, the little girl's face turned red and she was happier.

Qin Feng didn't think much about it.

After he finished the task, he left in a hurry.

He has more things to do

Chapter 159: Bloodline Talent! evolution!

After Qin Feng left the bedroom, he came to the training room next door.

The upgrade of the pet egg made him feel good.

At this moment, he sat cross-legged and took out a pile of bright red spirit fruits from the storage ring, a total of 86, which was the dragon blood fruit.

After a busy day, he was already empty and a little hungry.

What's more, it's time for him to improve his bloodline talent.

Even Qiyue's bloodline talent is C-rank, and he is still at D-rank.

Thinking of this, he took a bite of the dragon's blood fruit.

The pulp is salty and sweet in the mouth, and then turned into traces of energy, seeping into his blood...

In just a moment, his body became hot, his skin was red, and his blood began to absorb the energy of dragon blood...

It was at this moment that the world changed.

A strange force field came from next door and instantly enveloped the entire wooden house.

Qin Feng has six senses.

He keenly felt that the flow of time around him had changed and seemed to be accelerating.

In the next second, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

He knew that it was Qiyue who opened the time force field and enveloped the entire wooden house.

He was right next door to Qiyue and naturally benefited.

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased.... You have awakened the power of dragon blood... +41 attribute points]

In a blink of an eye, two minutes passed.

The first dragon blood fruit was completely digested.

He gained another 41 attribute points, and the dragon blood concentration also increased by one point, which made him feel comfortable.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

For others, the effect of dragon blood fruit is the second-order spiritual fruit.

But for him, the effect is comparable to the third-order spiritual fruit.

The third-order spiritual fruit, Longyuan Village has not found a few so far.

However, there is a more troublesome thing to digest dragon blood fruit.

That is to fully digest one, it takes about three minutes.

After all, it takes a process to completely integrate the energy and dragon blood in the spirit fruit into the blood.

Just in this way, one or two is nothing, and adding dozens of them together is a very time-consuming thing.

Qin Feng still has 85 dragon blood in his hand. If you count the time, it will take 170 minutes, that is, nearly three hours, to digest all of them.

Time is extremely precious to Qin Feng.

He has a lot of chores in his hands, and he has not finished it yet, so it is impossible to spend all his time on eating spiritual fruit.

To his delight, the arrival of Qiyue solved this problem for him.

In that time force field, he refined a dragon blood fruit, which was still 2 minutes, but only one minute passed in the outside world.

With this calculation, he can refine all the dragon blood fruits within an hour and a half.

The premise is that he can eat all the dragon blood fruit.

In this way, Qin Feng picked up the dragon blood fruit and ate it one by one...

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased... You have awakened the power of dragon blood... +39 attribute points]

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of real dragon blood in your body has increased.... You have awakened the power of dragon blood... +41 attribute points]

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased.... You have awakened the power of dragon blood... +40 attribute points]

 …

Every time he eats a dragon blood fruit, he can get an attribute increase of about 40, which makes him extremely comfortable...

At the same time, in the big world outside, in a mysterious valley, there are rows of wooden houses and stone houses, like a big tribe.

At this moment, in the largest stone house of the tribe, a meeting is being held.

Inside the house, dimly lit oil lamps.

It was a wick made of lantern grass, boiled with the fat of the beast.

Amidst the flickering of the lights, an old man with gray hair was sitting at the quaint stone table.

In front of him, there were two men standing respectfully, it was Kurago and Kurosawa.

"Elder, do you mean to send the second and third elders to come with us early tomorrow morning?"

Canggo looked at the old man in front of him in surprise.

The old man had a thin face and gray hair, but his aura was extremely fierce.

He is the chief elder of this tribe.

"Well! If the old man wanted to guard the tribe, he would have gone there in person."

The first elder picked up the teacup on the table and took a sip of the fragrant tea.

Cang Wu was puzzled: "Elder, that person is at most a half-step master. As long as the third elder goes out, he can easily run over him. Why send the second elder?"

Cang Wu felt that the Great Elder looked down on 'that person' a bit.

The 'that person' they said naturally refers to Qin Feng.

He Ze also said: "Elder, the second elder and the third elder are all prefecture-level powerhouses. Just send anyone to go there. That person is not that strong, not to mention that he is only from Xiaoqian World."

"Don't look down on the humans of Xiaoqianjie too much. In every ten thousand world war, among the top 100 victors, there will always be one or two from Xiaoqianjie."

The Great Elder silently put down the teacup in his hand.

The corner of Cang Wu's mouth twitched slightly, his eyes showing disdain.

Kurosawa also hesitated.

Both felt that the elder was too cautious.

It's just a human being in a small world, why kill a chicken with a butcher's knife.

Even if the third elder is sent, even the second elder will be sent.

Immediately, Cang Wu said: "Elder, the second elder has recently made a breakthrough. If he bursts out with all his strength, his combat power can reach 300 stars. I see this, as long as the second elder goes alone, he can be crushed to death with one finger. That person, do you still need the third elder?"

Kurosawa nodded slightly, feeling that it was true.

The first elder smiled calmly: "What the old man wants is not to crush, but to be foolproof. We either don't shoot, or we will kill, and we must not let that person escape."

"You know, our current advantage is that we are in the dark, and those challengers are in the light. They still don't know the rules of heaven."

"In the same way, if we kill a challenger, we will gain great benefits. If they kill one of us, they will also gain great benefits."

"Our two sides will inevitably confront each other, and we will try our best to kill each other's people. But before that, we'd better not expose our traces, we should be silent, and kill as many as we can."

"After all, we still have a weakness, that is, our number is small, and their number is large. In case our existence is exposed in advance. When a thousand villages unite, the situation will not be good."

After saying this, Kurogo and Kurosawa realized something.

yes!

They are strong, but few in number.

The challenger is weak, but there are many people.

Heaven finally calculates various balances.

Immediately, Cangwu said: "Elder, we understand."

The first elder smiled and nodded: "It's good that you understand. We don't want to destroy the dead, but we want to fight steadily. Go back and prepare!"

"Tomorrow morning, the old man will ask the second elder, the third elder, and a few more people to go to Tayue Town together to ensure that everything is safe."

Cang Wu smiled confidently: "Elder, our clan has sent such strength, don't say that person is only a half-level powerhouse, even if he is a ground-level powerhouse, he will have to fall on the spot."

Kurosawa also smiled: "Unless he has a strength of more than 300 stars, he may have a chance to survive."

Cang Wu sneered: "300 stars? How is that possible! At present, the novice assessment period has only passed four days. If he can reach 150 stars, it is already very impressive. If I want to see, that person's combat power is even 150 stars. Can't reach it."

Kurosawa smiled: "The human beings in Xiaoqian World have poor basic qualities and generally have very weak awakening talents. It is indeed impossible to reach 150 stars or more in such a short period of time. Even if there is, it is One in a billion."

The elder smiled and shook his head: "Don't take it lightly, both of you, go back and prepare now! There will be a battle tomorrow!"