Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, Kurago and the two retire...

At the same time, Longyuan Village, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng ate the dragon fruit comfortably.

In a blink of an eye, more than forty minutes passed.

But in Qin Feng's wooden house, under the blessing of Qiyue's time force field, an hour and a half passed.

In just one and a half hours, he ate forty-four dragon blood fruits, and his combat power soared all the way to 263 stars.

This made him very happy.

This is not far from his 300-star combat power goal.

However, if a 300-star combat power is used to challenge the Shengwu assessment, it is hard to say whether it can get the best foundation.

After all, 300-star combat power is just an estimated data, and it is only the possibility of winning the best foundation. 740

If you want to absolutely win the best foundation building, you have to improve your combat power.

Unfortunately, Qin Feng can't eat anymore.

"It's so good!"

At this moment, he looked at the forty-one dragon blood fruit beside him, and touched his stomach, feeling a little embarrassed.

He was so helpless that he couldn't eat anymore.

By the way, how is the blood concentration?

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked at the bloodline talent column.

Bloodline talent: D grade (Dragon blood concentration 9.97%)

[Reminder: When the concentration of dragon blood reaches 10%, it can be promoted to C-level talent]

what!

There is only one line left, and the bloodline talent will be able to break through!

A dragon's blood fruit can definitely do it!

And once the bloodline talent breaks through, his strength will skyrocket.

If so, then die for one more.

As soon as Qin Feng gritted his teeth, he picked up a dragon's blood fruit and continued to eat...

Delicious juice, flowing into the belly again…

In just a moment, the power of the spiritual fruit is digested

[Successful absorption of dragon blood fruit energy.... The concentration of true dragon blood in your body has increased.... You have awakened the power of dragon blood.... +40 attribute]

[Your dragon blood concentration reaches 10.03% and the bloodline talent begins to evolve...]

【Successful evolution! Your bloodline talent has been promoted from D level to C level! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Strength index increased by 200 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Agility index increased by 200 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! Body mass index increased by 200 points! 】

[Bloodline talent has evolved successfully! The energy index increased by 200 points! 】

[Your inheritance skill 'Longwei' has been enhanced tenfold! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

For a while, Qin Feng's body roared constantly, his blood continued to boil, and his body's breath rose wildly...

He closed his eyes involuntarily.

In just a moment, his attributes skyrocketed by 800 points, his combat power soared to 277 stars, and his momentum reached its peak.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy

The 160th chapter got the sixth-order treasure again

good! good!

The combat power has soared to 277 stars, and it is a big step closer to the goal of 300 stars.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Of course, he has other harvests, waiting to be harvested!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the remaining 40 dragon blood fruits, and then entered the resource exchange channel to view the resource list.

After a moment, he showed joy.

In this day's time, there were more than 70 spiritual flowers and grasses in the resource list.

The resources of Longyuan Village and Sangqi Forest are rich!

Of course, most of those spirit grasses were Tier 1, there were only 3 Tier 2 spirit grasses, and none of Tier 3.

However, Qin Feng is already satisfied.

Immediately, he exchanged all those spirit grasses.

For this operation, he spent thousands of contribution points, and he only had more than 1,000 contribution points left.

With a flash of white light, there were more than seventy spirit grasses in front of him.

Qin Feng looked at those spirit grasses with joy.

For others, most of these spirit grasses can only be viewed and cannot be used.

Even a level 1 pharmacist only has the professional skill of planting spirit grass.

Only a 2nd-level pharmacist can learn the skills of identifying spirit herbs and extracting the essence of spirit herbs.

However, the skills of level 2 pharmacists are only possessed by level 3 villages.

In other words, there are currently only a few 1st-level pharmacists in Longyuan Village, and they can't distinguish the medicinal properties of the spirit grass, so naturally they won't take it lightly.

This made the spiritual grass in the resource library only increase but not decrease, which also made Qin Feng cheaper.

Of course, this is just a bonus in the early stages of development.

However, to Qin Feng, the spirit grass in Longyuan Village is only a small head.

Thinking of this, he entered the trading channel to check his trading gains.

This look, his face is full of joy.

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed around him, and spirit grasses appeared one after another for a full quarter of an hour, with a total of more than 600 spirit grasses.

These more than 600 spirit grasses were purchased by him in the regional channel with the power stone.

So much has been collected in just one day.

The resources of the entire region are superimposed, which is really terrifying.

Having said that, in the early days of the novice, the spirit grass was unusable for many people, which made Qin Feng cheaper.

In short, under his actions, he attracted all the spirit grass resources of the entire district to himself.

This made him dark.

At this moment, he looked at the piles of spirit grass in front of him and breathed a sigh of relief.

The benefits are here again!

It's time to extract the essence!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng picked up a spirit grass and began to extract...

[Successfully extracted the essence of the 1st-level Nourishing Heart Grass... You have absorbed the essence... +3 points of energy attribute. 】

good! good!

Got 3 more attributes!

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

One spirit grass can get so much.

There are more than 700 spiritual grasses in front of them, which is another huge amount of attribute points!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot!

However, extracting the spirit grass and absorbing the essence is also a very time-consuming process.

It takes half a minute at the earliest to process a spirit grass.

It takes a lot of time to process more than 700 spirit grasses.

Fortunately, he has Qiyue's time force field, which can save half of the time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stopped wasting time and continued to extract...

[Successfully extracting the essence of the 1st-order through grass... You have absorbed the essence... +3 points of agility attribute. 】

[Successful extraction of the 1st-order Daigoka Essence... You have absorbed the essence... +4 points of strength attribute. 】

[Successful extraction of the 1st-tier daughter essence... You have absorbed the essence... +3 points of physical attributes. 】

 …

In this way, Qin Feng absorbed the essence of the spirit grass one by one, and his strength also increased bit by bit.

That feeling of getting stronger and stronger is really wonderful!

Unconsciously, ten minutes passed by outside.

In the time force field, twenty minutes have passed.

He has extracted a total of 83 spirit grasses, with a total of 247 attributes.

This raised his combat power to the limit of 281 stars, which was another big improvement.

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and picked up a herbal stalk and continued to extract...

[Successfully extracting the essence of the 1st-order through grass... You have absorbed the essence... +0 points of agility attribute. 】

Forehead? !

what happened?

This time, absorbing the essence actually increased the attribute by 0?

Qin Feng was stunned.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: absorbing the same spirit grass essence ten times will reach the upper limit of medicinal properties, and reabsorption will be ineffective. Spirit fruits are not limited to this. 】

It turned out to be drug resistance!

Qin Feng was stunned.

Perhaps, this is also a limitation of the laws of heaven.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: Do not absorb a single essence, concoct the spirit grass, and the medicinal effect can be exerted again. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he showed joy again.

The hint means that if the spirit grass that has developed drug resistance is used for alchemy, the obtained elixirs will still be useful to Qin Feng.

This is a great thing!

At the moment, Qin Feng began to classify the remaining more than 600 spirit grasses.

Those that are poisonous are picked out and saved for alchemy later.

For non-toxic spirit grass, only the amount that can be extracted for each species is left, because more extraction and absorption are ineffective, and the spirit grass will be wasted.

As for the full amount of spirit grass, it will be reserved for alchemy later.

After this operation, there were more than 400 spiritual grasses left to extract, and he put all the remaining spiritual grasses into the storage ring.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎