Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Having done this, he proceeded to start extracting…

More than 400 spirit grasses, if he extracts all of them, it will take two hours.

Of course, that's time within the time force field.

Converted to outside time, it is only an hour, and it can be done very quickly.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt relaxed, and he extracted the spirit grass comfortably...

This time, he only extracted a dozen spirit grasses, and Tiandao sent several reminders in succession.

[Reminder: Ruan Fu in 767 Village, exchanged the Golden Treasure Chest for your Wind Scar Blade (Tier 4). 】

[Reminder: Michael from Village 349, exchanged the golden treasure chest for your Dragon Elephant King Armor (tier 4). 】

[Reminder: Park Sang-Ren, Village 116, exchanged a golden treasure chest for your Fire Magic Spear (Level 4). 】

[Reminder: Mo Laodi, Village 266, exchanged the golden treasure chest for your dry golden sword (tier 4). 】

Qin Feng was stunned for a while.

In the end what happened?

Why did those guys in the regional channel come all at once, and exchanged all his extra Tier 4 equipment.

As soon as he thought about it, he entered the chat channel.

As soon as I entered, I saw that everyone was hotly discussing things in the regional channel.

"Everyone, there is another good show tonight!"

"Haha! That's right! There are twenty-seven villages tonight, and we are going to be the village chief! How many do you think will be successful?"

"Hey! If you want me to see, none of them have succeeded."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Those white-skinned people don't think they are very confident. Listen to what they mean, at least seven or eight villages will succeed tonight."

"Yeah! They are now clamoring not to do the power stone business, waiting for the results of those 27 villages to come out."

"What happens when the result comes out? Even if some of them succeed in the village, the power stone business can't do ours. Because our power stone is half price, they will die if we compare the price!"

"Haha! That's what I was about to say!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng left the chat channel with a smile.

He figured out what was going on.

The fourth night has come, and another 27 villages have a level 10 powerhouse, ready to be the village chief tonight.

Before doing the task, they wanted to strengthen the equipment, and naturally someone came to him to exchange it.

Qin Feng is not interested in those things.

However, he is very interested in the golden treasure chest.

He originally had 5 silver treasure chests and 3 gold treasure chests in his hand.

Later, he took the time to combine 5 silver treasure chests into a gold treasure chest, and the gold treasure chest in his hand became 4.

In addition to the 4 golden treasure chests that were obtained just now, that is 8 golden treasure chests, which can be combined into a dark treasure chest.

"Why don't you open a hidden treasure chest and see if there are any surprises?"

Qin Feng suddenly became interested.

What he wants to do most now is to improve his strength, and then go to the Temple of Vientiane to take the task of the god-level village.

However, that was an S-rank mission.

He was a little worried that he was not strong enough, and he failed halfway through the task.

If that's the case, it's not worth it.

Therefore, he wants to improve some strengths, and then take the task, and the grasp will be greater.

The dark treasure chest can open fifth-order equipment, which can greatly improve his strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is going to open a hidden treasure chest.

Immediately, he entered the trading channel, took out the four golden treasure chests, and then took out a golden treasure chest and a synthetic card from the storage ring.

It didn't take long for him to close a hidden treasure chest with ease.

Dark treasure chest!

I don't know what treasures it can open this time?

At this moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath and slowly opened the treasure chest in his hand.

Om~!

A burst of white light came on, and the treasure chest disappeared.

In his hand there is a jade bottle that is about a foot high.

I saw the jade bottle, the whole body was white jade, the neck was slender, the bottle belly was the size of a gourd, and the whole bottle had its own glow, and its momentum was extremely extraordinary.

【Treasure box opened successfully! Get the sixth-order item - water purification glass bottle! 】

Fuck it~!

This bottle is actually a sixth-order treasure!

Qin Feng was surprised and happy, and quickly took a closer look.

[Water-purifying glass bottle: There is a huge space inside, which can be filled with lakes and seas, filled with billions of tons of water but not full, and can also be used to synthesize spiritual liquid. 】

[How to make spiritual liquid: 1 power stone + 1 unit of spiritual spring water, you can synthesize 1 unit of spiritual liquid. 】

[Spiritual liquid: tier 2 resources, necessary for planting spiritual plants above tier 6. 】

[Spiritual liquid: drink directly, it can quickly restore physical strength and energy, and can increase energy value. Absorb 1 unit of Ichor to increase energy value by 300. 】

It turns out that this water-purifying glass bottle can synthesize a second-order resource - spiritual liquid.

Looking at these information introductions, absorbing those spiritual fluids can actually increase the energy, which means that it can help to upgrade the brightness.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he felt a little magical and a good deal.

A power stone has 100 energy points.

But a power stone plus 1 unit of spiritual spring water can turn into 1 unit of spiritual liquid, which is 300 points of energy.

The energy stone, he had it in his hand.

Lingquan water, in the ancient well in Tayue Town, isn't there a ready-made one!

Those springs are free and inexhaustible.

Should he go to Tayue Town now, get some spiritual spring water back, and try the effect.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was greatly moved.

It's just that he didn't expect that Tayue Town at night would be a little different.

Chapter One Hundred and Sixty-One Night Exploring the Moon

Qin Feng looked at the more than 400 spirit grasses below, and decided to extract the spirit grass first, and then go to Tayue Town.

Immediately, he put the purified water glass bottle into the storage ring.

Having said that, the dark treasure chest has a 2% chance of opening a sixth-order item

He actually opened a sixth-order water purification glass bottle, which was really lucky and really cool.

With this thought, he was in a happy mood, and then continued to extract those spirit herbs.

[Successful extraction of the 1st-order Daigoka Essence... You have absorbed the essence... +3 points of strength attribute. 】

[Successfully extracted the essence of the 1st tier daughter... You have absorbed the essence... +2 points of physical attributes. 】

[Successful extraction of Tier 1 Agrimony essence... You have absorbed the essence... +4 points of energy attribute. 】

 …

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, two hours passed.

An hour passed outside.

Qin Feng finally finished extracting those spirit grasses, and his combat power also increased to 292 stars unknowingly.

Afterwards, he added all the 400 free attribute points he got when he upgraded the 4th-level wooden house.

As a result, his combat power once again soared to the limit of 299 stars, and he was only a line away from reaching 300 stars.

"Not bad! Not bad! Almost 300 stars!"

Qin Feng got up satisfied.

Tonight, he had digested all the gains he had accumulated over the days, and his actual strength had been greatly improved.

Even, it's just a line away from 300 stars.

Having said that, after the extraction of spirit grass this time.

He has extracted all kinds of first-order spirit grasses.

In the future, if he wants to obtain attributes from the spirit grass, he has to extract it from the second-order spirit grass.

The first-order spirit grass has been extracted and invalid, and it can only be used for alchemy in the future.

I don't want to think so much, it's time to go to Tayue Town and get some spiritual spring water back.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng tidied up the corners of his clothes and walked out of the training room.

After a while, he came to the room where Qi Yue was.

The little girl is in the regional channel, watching others chat with gusto.

Tonight, the regional channel is very lively,

Because there are 27 villages to participate in the village chief task, people in the whole district are paying attention to this important event.

But this matter is not worth mentioning at all to Qin Feng.

He has no interest.

Hearing the movement at the door, Qi Yue looked up and saw Qin Feng walking in.

"Owner!"

Qiyue stood up happily.

what!

The master came to my room so late, it was difficult for me to…

The little girl didn't know what to think, her face was red again, and she was a little happy.

Qin Feng glanced at her and looked around curiously.

He has six senses and can clearly sense that the time force field has been acting.

But Qiyue didn't do anything, not even the seal.

He was amazed: "Yue'er, don't you need to pay full attention when you cast the time force field? Don't you need to move the seal?"

"No need! As long as Yue'er is willing, I can use the time force field when I sleep."

Qi Yue said happily.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Not bad! Not bad! Your ability is stronger than I thought."

"In this way, you can use the time force field while doing other things. At the same time, with the effect of the time force field, you can do things much more efficiently than others."

Qi Yue covered her mouth with a smile and said, "Master, you are so smart! I use this method to cut wood twice as fast as others. My brother always has to compete with me, but he loses miserably every time."

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Having said that, Qiyue can maintain the time force field even when she is sleeping, which will be of great help to him in the future.

"Yue'er, can you maintain the force field this time?"

Qiyue shook her head slightly: "Using the time force field will still consume some energy. Under normal circumstances, I can maintain it for 24 hours. In the master's wooden house, it is different. It can last at least three days and three nights."