Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

His level 4 hut is a great recovery for physical strength and energy.

Qiyue's force field in this room can naturally be used for a longer time.

"So, if you can find a kind of spiritual object that can quickly restore energy to assist, you can always use the time force field?"

Qiyue nodded obediently: "Yes! But the kind of spirit that can quickly restore energy has always been rare!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled and said nothing.

He thought of the second-order resource - spiritual liquid.

That spirit liquid can not only quickly restore energy, but also quickly restore physical strength.

The speed of energy recovery alone is comparable to that of a level 5 wooden house, much stronger than this level 4 wooden house.

If he can get some spiritual liquid for Qiyue, maybe he can make Qiyue use the time force field without interruption.

Of course, these are all speculations by Qin Feng.

Whether it will work or not, he has to go to Tayue Town to get some spiritual spring water, and he will know after a try.

"Yue'er, I'm going out to do something. If you have an emergency, send me a private message."

Qin Feng came here this time to say hello.

Lest he left, the little girl thought he had been in the house the whole time.

"Oh, master, it's already dark outside, you have to be careful!"

Qi Yue showed concern.

She wanted to know where the master was going, but she didn't dare to ask.

At the moment, Qin Feng ordered a few more words and left.

He didn't use 'One Key Return', it would only return him to Tongtian Lake.

After leaving the wooden house, Qin Feng went straight to the teleportation array at the head of the village.

At this moment, it is late at night.

The night wind was cool, and a crescent moon hung in the sky.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the teleportation formation and start the big formation.

After a flash of white light, he disappeared into the great formation.

After going through the world, Qin Feng only felt that countless white lights were spinning around him.

This was the first time he used the teleportation array.

In just a few seconds, everything stopped, and the white light in front of him disappeared.

He immediately got his feet on the ground and arrived at Tayue Town, which is the square with the ancient well and the teleportation array.

But when he arrived at the location, Qin Feng heard a commotion and all kinds of lights.

He couldn't help but look up.

Seeing this, he was dumbfounded.

I saw in front of me, a scene of feasting and feasting, and the streets were full of pedestrians.

Surrounded by luxurious attics, there are restaurants, tea houses, and street stalls.

There are people coming and going on the street, all kinds of shouting and hawking, one after another.

This is clearly a bustling night market, and there is still a desolate ancient town seen during the day.

At this moment, in the square in front of Qin Feng, several hawkers are setting up street stalls.

There were also some people chatting there in groups of three or five.

There is also an old man with a kind face, who is fetching water by the well.

Qin Feng's appearance suddenly shocked everyone present.

They all looked over.

"Hey! A foreigner has come to our town!"

"Yeah! Our town has always been very prosperous, and people passing by are very common."

There was a murmur in the street.

At this time, the kind old man who drew water looked at Qin Feng with a smile.

"Boy, where are you from? Are you passing through our town, or are you going to be on the tip here?"

The old man smiled kindly.

But Qin Feng always felt that his smile was a bit scary, and that row of teeth was a bit too white.

wrong!

It is still a desolate ancient town during the day, but how can it become a bustling night market at night?

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he activated the eye of insight and swept around.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The eye of insight can spy on the essence of everything and destroy all illusions.

At this sight, a look of astonishment appeared on his face.

Chapter 162 Under the light, it turns into blue smoke!

At the moment of insight, Qin Feng saw a desolate scene, which was the appearance of the dilapidated ancient town during the day.

Where is the appearance of a prosperous town.

Looking at the pedestrians, all of them turned blue and their eyes were empty.

The items sold by the vendors are even more bizarre.

For example, in a vendor selling wontons, it is not the wontons that are rolling in the pot, but the fleshy white worms, wriggling and rolling in the boiling water.

The jewelry that was sold and placed were actually human teeth and eyeballs.

The whole ancient town is gloomy, like a ghost.

"Boy, what are you looking at?"

In Qin Feng's ear, the voice of the old man who drew water came.

The old man's smile was still kind and kind, but in the moonlight, his teeth appeared whiter and sharper.

Qin Feng couldn't help looking at him, and at the moment of insight, he saw a pale face with blue light, gloomy.

【Evil Object】: Ghost

[Level]: Level 30

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 74 stars

[Talent]: The True Meaning of Darkness (C rank)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Characteristics]: The ghost does not disperse, guards.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: Once the townspeople of Tayue Town, their resentment was hard to disappear after their death, and they were transformed into ghosts by mysterious things with the power of darkness.

Knew it!

This is a devil!

Still being manipulated!

There is a stronger presence behind it.

Qin Feng couldn't help but concentrate.

"Boy, what are you looking at?"

The old man put down the bucket in his hand and walked over with a smile.

It's just that his smile is getting more and more hideous.

At the same time, the vendors and townspeople in the square also came to Qin Feng.

These people were all expressionless, with gloomy expressions and blue light on their faces.

Obviously, they already knew, Qin Feng discovered the truth.

"Young man, don't stand in the teleportation array all the time! Come down!"

The old man approached with a grin, for fear that Qin Feng would escape in the teleportation formation.

When he was only five meters away from Qin Feng, the old man's face distorted instantly, turning into a fang-toothed white-haired ghost, and he rushed towards Qin Feng with a strange smile.

"Young man, let this old man taste your meat! Jie~! Jie~!"

"Jie~! Jie~! Eat him! Eat him!"

The townspeople also showed their true colors one after another, each with a strange smile, and rushed over.

Ha ha!

A human who is only level 16 dares to come to Tayue Town at night, and still wants to leave alive?

That's simply not possible!

Suddenly, there was a storm in the square, and more than a dozen ghosts rushed towards Qin Feng at the same time, all of them were hideous and terrifying.

"court death!"

Qin Feng's **** were combined into sword fingers.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

He saw a lightsaber with a length of 100 meters, protruding from his fingertips.

That is exactly the ability he obtained by integrating the 'Golden Spirit' into his body, combined with the 'Energy Release', the power is comparable to the fourth-order skill.

The lightsaber is the transformed state of the Golden Spirit.

The golden spirit can change shape arbitrarily according to the owner's needs.

Swish~!

Qin Feng waved his hand at will.

Lightsaber sweeps the audience!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Wherever the lightsaber went, the evil spirits were smashed and exploded, turning into cloud after cloud of black mist.

But in the next second, the black mist rolled over and turned back to the appearance of evil ghosts, unscathed.

"Meat! We want your meat! Jie~! Jie~!"

"Eat him! Eat him! Gah~! Gah~!"

The evil spirits laughed strangely and rushed towards them.

They were not afraid of Qin Feng's attack at all, and even laughed at them in their eyes.

Fuck it~!

This ghost seems to be unkillable!

Thinking about it, they have no entity, just a mass of yin energy, and physical attacks are almost ineffective.

Even if they are blasted away, they can still be resurrected.

No wonder, their features show haunted spirits.

Thinking that his ice storm is also ineffective against these evil spirits.

It seems that these evil ghosts are not easy to deal with!