Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Endless extraction just works!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and swallowed the spirit grass essence in his palm...

Essence entrance, mouth full of fragrance...

[Eating elderberry spirit grass essence is successful, your bones are strengthened, and you gain 3 points of physical attributes. 】

Really good!

Not only has his bones strengthened, he also gained 6 attributes.

Qin Feng was overjoyed and walked towards the second spirit grass...

【Name】: Jiuxiang Cordyceps

[Grade Rank]: First-Order Spirit Grass

[Efficacy]: Poisonous, not edible, but can be used as medicine for alchemy, can create hallucinations...

It is actually a poisonous spirit grass, so it is not refined and eaten.

Immediately, he dug out the nine-scented Cordyceps and put it in the storage ring...

In this way, Qin Feng collected spirit grass one by one.

Toxic and inedible, he dug them out and put them in the storage ring.

Those edible, he directly extracted the essence and ate it on the spot...

[Successful eating the essence of nourishing heart grass and spirit grass, your mind will be strengthened, and you will gain 3 energy attributes. 】

[Successful consumption of the essence of Tongjingcao Lingcao, your meridians will be strengthened, and you will gain 3 points of agility. 】

[Successful consumption of Daigoxiang Lingcao essence, your muscles will be strengthened, and you will gain 4 points of strength attribute. 】

...

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

Qin Feng harvested all the spirit grasses.

There were twenty-three poisonous spirit grasses, all of which he put into the storage ring.

The other twenty or so strains were extracted by him on the spot, and they were all swallowed.

This has strengthened his body in all aspects, and his entire body has become more perfect, full of male charm.

His four-dimensional index has also greatly improved, and his strength has risen sharply again.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

So far, he has gained a lot.

In his mind, his own information also emerged.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Level]: Level 3 (540/600)

[Occupation]: Level 1 Judge (10/100)

【Reputation】: 1

[Strength]: 81 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 84 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 85 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 102 (intensive mind, D level, visual superlative, E level; smell enhancement, F level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level),

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 8 stars

what!

The combat evaluation has reached 8 stars.

This strength is so powerful!

More than 20 first-order spirit grasses and three mutated beast corpses provided a lot of attribute points!

This time, he made a lot of money!

This makes Qin Feng feel very happy!

He took another look at his level progress level 3 (540/600), should he be ranked first, right?

Thinking of this, he wanted to switch to the ranking channel, but found that he couldn't.

At this time, he remembered that Tiandao had reminded him.

After he enters this different space, the ranking channel cannot be used, but the personal information channel and chat channel can be used.

Thinking of this, he cut into the chat channel.

At this moment, the chat channel has been chatting hot.

He found that most of the content of the conversation was related to upgrades.

A wind of upgrading competition has already formed in the crowd.

Many powerhouses who have risen to level 3 are showing off their upgrade progress in the channel, attracting a group of people to chase after them.

Those who have risen to level 2 are also showing off, and are also envied by countless people.

Qin Feng made a rough calculation, and there are four people who have been promoted to level 3.

Of course, the specific number is definitely more than this.

Not everyone likes to show off and reveal their level progress.

However, Qin Feng could see it.

For the novice upgrade reward, everyone is fighting hard one by one, and they are racing against time.

Unlike him, after killing the beast, he went to dig the spirit grass.

However, even so, he believes that he has already won the first place on the list.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to quit the chat channel.

But at this moment, in the channel, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Haha! Everyone, I have good news for you! I have risen to level 3 and returned to the ninth place!"

As soon as this information came out, the chat channel exploded.

"Wow! Level 3! Level 3 boss! Worship!"

"My God! Liu Yuan has also risen to level 3, and he has surpassed Qin Feng in one fell swoop. Now, there are ten level 3 bosses in our novice village."

Liu Yuan: "Hehe! Ten Level 3s? It's hard to say! Don't you realize that Qin Feng's name has turned gray since he rose to Level 3, and then his ranking has been falling down. ."

"Yes! I found it too! On the ranking list, all the names of the bosses are white, but the name of the boss Qin Feng is gray. What's going on?"

"It's so strange! Brother Qin Feng will not have an accident, right?"

"No? If Qin Feng dies, his name should disappear."

"That's right! But, why did his name turn gray? Also, why does his ranking keep dropping?"

"Yeah! I'm so worried about Qin Feng!"

"I suspect he was seriously injured, so that's what happened."

"Hope he's okay!"…

At this moment, in the chat area, there are various speculations about Qin Feng's situation.

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

It turned out that after he entered this different dimension, his name on the list turned gray.

His level data stayed at the moment he entered this space.

However, as long as he leaves this space, the ranking will be refreshed, and his ranking will also soar, which is definitely not something that Liu Yuan can compare.

At this moment, in the chat channel, Wu Yong's avatar jumped.

Wu Yong: "Everyone, as long as Qin Feng's name does not disappear, it means that he is still alive. Don't worry too much!"

"Wow! The third-ranked Wu Yong has come out and bubbling!"

"Boss Wu Yong, take me with you!"

"Brother Wu Yong, please take your little sister with you!"

Wu Yong: "Laugh and cry! I'm still being taken! How can I take you!"

"What are you kidding?! You are the third-ranked 3rd-level boss, how could you be taken?"

Wu Yong: "I was really taken, and now I'm going with Liu Xuan and Longshan!"

"Boss Liu Xuan is ranked first! The boss of Longshan is ranked second! Wow! It turns out that the three of you are all together! It's really a powerful team!"

"Woo~woo! I cry with envy!"

"The top three novice upgrades this time! The three of you are none other than you!"

Wu Yong: "Everyone, I have passed the prize! I have passed the prize!"

"By the way, Mr. Wu Yong, what is the progress of Mr. Liu Xuan? Can you tell me?"

"Yes! We really want to know!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! If you want to know, it's okay to tell you. He! It's already level 3 (370/600)..."

As soon as this is said,

The chat channel was instantly fried!

"Wow! It's all level 3 (370/600)!"

"so fast!"

"My God! Worship! Worship!"

"Mr. Wu Yong, do you ask Brother Liu Xuan if he wants a girlfriend? Little sister is willing to be his girlfriend!"

"Upstairs! Liu Xuan belongs to this girl, don't rob me!"

"Humph! Then let's draw our swords and meet each other!"

"Wait you women first! My brother will say something first. Mr. Liu Xuan, if you like men, my brother is also fine..."

"Fuck~! Crazy! TMD crazy!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled and shook his head.

At the same time, he also breathed a sigh of relief.

Now it seems that he is the fastest person in this area.

His level progress is level 3 (540/600). If you kill a level 2 beast, you can be promoted to level 4, which is much faster than that of Liu Xuan.

Chapter 20 Windfall

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly felt a little tired.

At the end of the day, he ran around and killed continuously. It would be a lie to say that he was not tired.

It seems that I have to recharge my energy for a while, wait until I recover some strength, and then continue to act...

A quarter of an hour later, in the valley, Qin Feng set up a bonfire.

The four wild boar legs above have been roasted to the point of oily.

Bursts of meat, fragrance overflowing.

Qin Feng sat by the bonfire and took out a pack of cigarettes from his arms.

From the time Blue Star came to this killing world, the mobile phone and so on were all confiscated by Heavenly Dao.