Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light, which was extremely dazzling.

【Your level has been promoted to level 17! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

Suddenly, Qin Feng's combat power has skyrocketed, reaching the 301-star level in a blink of an eye.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He finally broke through to the 300-star goal, reaching the threshold for challenging the best foundation building.

Of course, this is just a threshold.

On top of the top-grade foundation, there is a more mysterious and powerful god-grade foundation.

Qin Feng didn't have time to think about it, and continued to output the ice storm.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

[Successfully kills the level 20 evil spirit termites and obtains +2300 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 evil spirit termites and obtains +2300 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 20 evil spirit termites and obtains +2300 energy points. 】

…………

One evil ant after another was beheaded!

The energy value continues to soar all the way!

In just a moment, the entire ant colony was wiped out, and Qin Feng's level progress became level 17 and 3.7%.

The square also turned into a snow-covered scene.

There is a strong sour smell in the air!

"Finally killed!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

This is a nice energy harvesting feast!

roar~!

But at this moment, a roar sounded in the dark night, as if suppressing the monstrous anger.

Immediately afterwards, a monstrous coercion descended from the sky and enveloped the entire square.

The atmosphere in the field instantly became gloomy and depressing.

Qin Feng was startled and looked up quickly.

I saw a huge human-shaped black shadow, wrapped in thick black smoke, slowly descending from the air, its imposing manner was extremely gloomy and powerful.

Is this the man behind the scenes?

Qin Feng quickly scanned away.

[Evil Object]: The King of Ghosts (King Level)

[Level]: Level 33

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 200 stars

[Talent]: Dark Profound Truth (Class B), Mind Transcendence (Class C), Auditory Control (Class D)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: The ghosts are not scattered, the Jedi guards, and the control.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: Once the mayor of Tayue Town, his resentment was hard to disappear after his death, and he was transformed into the king of ghosts by mysterious things with the power of darkness.

So this is the ghost king!

Before his death, he was the mayor of Tayue Town.

A 33-level local powerhouse!

Qin Feng thought he was still the mastermind behind the scenes, but when he saw the information, he was actually manipulated.

Unexpectedly, there is a more terrifying existence behind this!

roar~!

At this moment, the ghost king opened his mouth wide and let out a heart-piercing howl that continued.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

As soon as that howl came out, the situation in the world changed color, and the world was crying and howling.

Wherever the sound wave went, everything trembled, the night frightened, and even the ice and snow on the ground were melted by the sound wave.

Qin Feng was deaf and his soul trembled.

It seemed that someone was screaming in the depths of his heart.

The strange sound waves hit his soul wave after wave, trying to shatter his soul and kill him invisible.

This is exactly the skill of the Ghost King - Soul Howl!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This is the ability to combine mental talent and auditory talent!

Invisible and colorless, it is hard to prevent!

This is also often one of the weak and strong means.

As soon as the ghost king saw Qin Feng's expression strange, he knew that Qin Feng had been recruited, and his eyes suddenly brightened.

Ha ha!

A human being in the human-level realm, although there are many means, can't resist its soul howl after all.

At this moment, this human being has fallen into a state of soul permeation, and it is the best time to kill him.

roar~!

The Ghost King howled again, about to launch an attack.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and his six senses were activated.

After a while, the noisy ghost screams had no effect on him.

The Six Senses Psychic is still a B-level talent, higher than the Ghost King's mind and hearing talent.

In an instant, Qin Feng's eyes were clear and he looked up at the ghost king again.

The ghost king was dumbfounded!

Its soul howl is actually ineffective against this human being!

The ghost king was extremely surprised!

How many means does this human have mastered?

Thinking that it is a dignified powerhouse, can't deal with a human-level human?

Moreover, this human is only level 17!

roar~!

Another ghost howl!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the sky is shaking!

Within a radius of several miles, the power of darkness in heaven and earth rushed towards it frantically.

Immediately after that, the Ghost King's combat power was soaring, reaching a 320-star level in a blink of an eye.

Earth-level powerhouse!

Control the world!

Taking the power of heaven and earth as his own, Qin Feng saw it again.

After a while, the Ghost King's combat power surpassed him.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly, and his mind moved.

Om~!

In just an instant, his whole body lit up with a dazzling light, as if the sun penetrated the sky, and he was born.

The endless power of light shines toward the ghost king in the sky.

One thing down, one thing, is the best way to kill the enemy.

Often can do more with less!

The ghost king's face changed slightly, and he even pinched a seal.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the earth trembled slightly, and the roar continued.

呲~!呲~!呲~!

Immediately afterwards, on the ground, the liquid left by the thousands of termite corpses seemed to have been summoned, and they were atomized and rose into the air.

Those 0.3 yellow-green liquids are filled with the power of darkness and the power of earth.

This atomization turns into a khaki mist.

And the fog rises like layers of smog, covering the sky and the ground, and also blocking the penetration of the power of light.

Even those strange fogs can devour the power of light.

In just a moment, the field became foggy, breaking Qin Feng's light.

There was a strong sour smell in the air.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

It turned out that the previous ant colonies were all used as cannon fodder.

The mastermind behind the scenes, what he needs is the residual liquid in the ant colony, turned into this strange haze, to break his power of light.

roar~!

This breaking Qin Feng's power of light, the ghost king howled excitedly.

Roar~! Roar~! roar~!

At the same time, ghost howls echoed in every corner of the ancient town.

Then one ghost after another appeared, and then they rushed to the square one after another, and came to Qin Feng.

Without the obstruction of the power of light, they can kill this human being without fear.

At this moment, the entire ancient town was full of yin.

Hundreds of evil ghosts rushed to the square.

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of them came to kill Qin Feng.

Chapter One Hundred and Sixty-Fourth Heavenly Thunder Rumbling to the Top, Ashes Disappeared!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!