Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

One ghost after another rushed towards Qin Feng with bared teeth and grins.

Howling!

Weird laughter!

One after another!

They seem to have settled on Qin Feng.

Come to think of it, a human who is only level 17 has no bright means, how can he deal with them?

What's more, their ghost king is in the air and is trying his best to contain the power of light of this human being.

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of evil ghosts were the first to kill.

The nearest evil ghost to Qin Feng was only more than ten meters away.

Boom~!

Qin Feng thought about it, and a monstrous flame erupted all over his body.

Hell Tianyan, open again!

The monstrous sea of ​​fire swept all around again.

Roar~! Roar~! roar~!

In the sea of ​​​​fire, the roars of evil spirits came one after another.

The terrifying power of fire caused great damage to them.

But they didn't flinch in the slightest. They were wrapped in raging fire and rushed towards Qin Feng with all their might.

The envoy behind that seems to want them to kill Qin Feng with all their might.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

One by one evil spirits approached, more and more.

Qin Feng couldn't help frowning.

These evil ghosts have no physical body, and they are all ineffective when they are slashed with swords and swords.

It's not a good thing to let them get close.

If there's only one, that's fine.

In the scene in front of him, nearly a thousand evil spirits attacked.

If every evil spirit bit him, it would be enough for him.

no!

I can't be surrounded by 07 these evil spirits!

But what can we do to kill these many evil spirits?

Qin Feng was a little anxious.

The best way for him now is to use the power of light to kill the ghosts.

But the ghost king manipulated the smog in the air, obscuring the power of light and making his trump card useless.

But he can't stop releasing the power of light, otherwise the ghost king will free up his hand, and the situation will only be more critical.

The ghost king's combat power is 320 stars, which is better than him.

When the ghost king restrained him, it was also equivalent to Qin Feng restraining it.

The two entered a peculiar stalemate!

At this moment, above the sky.

The ghost king's hand pinched the seal, and has been constantly urging the smog.

It didn't dare to stop pinching.

As soon as the Yin Jue stops, the haze will dissipate, and the power of light will reappear, which is a disaster for the ghosts.

Therefore, it must be in the air, constantly causing smog.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, with a series of painful roars, finally more than a dozen evil spirits passed through the sea of ​​​​fire and approached Qin Feng.

All of a sudden, the evil spirits opened their mouths with blood and mouths, and one by one desperately bit Qin Feng.

They really hate Qin Feng!

This 17th-level human made them suffer a huge burning pain.

At this moment, they just want to eat his flesh and blood to nourish their wounds.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly when he saw the evil spirits rushing towards him.

He is at a stalemate with the ghost king, and he really has no time to resist the bites of the evil ghosts.

If this rushes up, I'm afraid it will be unlucky.

correct!

I still have the means!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

Swish~!

In the next second, light and shadow flashed on his body, and two phantom clones were released.

The evil spirits were stunned.

How did this human being suddenly become three?

But before they thought about it, the two clones launched an attack.

Ka~ka~ka~cha~!

I saw the palms of the two avatars, the electric light intertwined, and dozens of thunder lights erupted.

Every thunder light will hit an evil spirit!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, those evil ghosts were bombarded one after another, turning into a cloud of blue smoke and drifting away.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

From time to time, there are red crystals falling from those blue smoke.

Ha ha!

He guessed it right!

Not only the power of light can kill evil spirits, but the power of thunder and lightning can also kill evil spirits.

The power of thunder and lightning, and even the power of yang to just positive, is one of the evil spirits' nemesis!

At this moment, a white light of energy flew from the sea of ​​​​fire and rushed into Qin Feng's body...

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】

...

At this moment, Qin Feng's ability value and judgment value skyrocketed at the same time.

He was overjoyed.

In the air, the ghost king was shocked.

The ghosts were also shocked by this scene.

But before they thought about it, Qin Feng changed his strategy.

Boom~!

I saw that he instantly released the wings of the wind, and then flew into the sky, and suddenly flew to a height of 100 meters to confront the ghost king.

The ghost king was stunned.

Before it could react, Qin Feng picked up a seal.

Suddenly, the sky was ten thousand feet high, and the wind was surging.

Then, between the clouds, a blue and white light lit up.

Kacha~!

A loud bang!

Above the clouds, a wild thunder with a thick arm was released, like a wild python that swallowed the sky, slashing down wildly, hitting the ghost king.

That is exactly the fourth-order thunder skill that Qin Feng has mastered - Crazy Thunder!

Once the target is locked, it will hit 100% and cannot be evaded, but can only be hard-connected.

But thunder and lightning are the nemesis of all ghosts, how can the ghost king resist.

Kacha~!

Lightning strikes!

roar~!

The Ghost King roared miserably, black smoke billowing all over his body, his aura plummeted.

"Come again!"

Qin Feng seals again.

Kacha~!

The second mad thunder fell.

roar~!

The ghost king roared in fright, turned and ran away.

But before it escaped a few feet, it was hit by the thunder again, and it let out a shrill roar, and its momentum dropped again.

In the next second, the Ghost King continued to flee into the night without even thinking about it.

Qin Feng spread his wings and chased after the ghost king.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Suddenly, over the ancient town, one after another mad thunder fell from the sky.

The ghost king screamed again and again, and his momentum continued to decline.

It is obviously stronger than Qin Feng in combat power, but its attributes are restrained to death by Qin Feng, and as a result, it is crushed and killed, which is extremely miserable.

At the same time, above the square.

As soon as the ghost king escaped, the smog was no longer triggered.

The two avatars of Qin Feng immediately shot, and one of them exerted the talent of the wind element, blowing a strong wind and blowing away the smog.

One person activates the power of light, shining thousands of miles.

The ghosts were caught off guard, and under the light of the power of light, they all melted and turned into blue smoke, leaving behind a lot of red crystals.

Of course, there are also some evil ghosts who react fast and get into the corner of the shadow.

As long as the light cannot find them, they are safe.

But before they were lucky, the second clone activated the power of thunder and lightning, blasting the ghosts hidden in the dark corners one by one.

Suddenly, the field was full of ghosts and wolves!

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】

[Clone successfully kills a level 30 ghost, you get +130 Judgment Points and 12000 Energy Points. 】