Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As for the headquarters of Longyuan Village, it is further away.

"Hey! The idea is good, but it can't be realized! It seems that this card is a bit tasteless."

Qin Feng sighed, a little helpless.

At the moment, he will put away the permission card.

Suddenly, a light flashed in his mind.

"By the way, can I do this? In other words, I'm not more than a hundred miles away from this Lingquan Well!"

As if thinking of some way, Qin Feng's eyes flashed again.

In the next second, he broke his finger and dripped blood on the divine card.

As soon as the blood and essence fell, Shenka absorbed it completely.

Om~!

The next second, the divine card was activated, emitting a dazzling golden light.

After a while, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Om~!

At the same moment, the Lingquan Well in front of him trembled slightly, illuminating a faint aura.

[Reminder: You have activated the Lingquan Well permission card and have the permission to control the Lingquan Well once, please use it as soon as possible! After the timeout is not used, the permission disappears automatically. 】

[Countdown: 10:00….9:59….9:58…]

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that there was a spiritual connection between him and the Lingquan well in front of him.

He can control the Lingquan Well!

At the moment, he closed his eyes, concentrated, and thought.

huh~!

A dazzling white light flashed!

The Lingquan Well in front turned into white light and disappeared.

At this time, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy, and he seemed to have succeeded.

huh~!

The next second, he also turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

There was only a pea-sized light spot left in place, which was a space node.

At the same moment, Qin Feng has appeared in his own zero-degree space.

Just in front of him, there is an ancient well, which is the Lingquan Well.

He hurriedly stepped forward to check, and saw that the spiritual well was intact and functioning normally.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It turned out that he actually moved the Lingquan Well to his own zero-degree space.

The zero-degree space is also very magical. The Lingquan Well is in it, and it can automatically absorb the spiritual energy of the heavens and the earth, and continuously create the Lingquan water.

In this way, he is equivalent to carrying a spiritual spring well with him, and there will be inexhaustible spiritual spring water to use in the future.

Ha ha!

It's all so perfect!

Qin Feng circled around the Lingquan Well for several times, secretly praising himself as a talent, and he could even think of this wonderful method.

Afterwards, he took 100 units of spiritual spring water in a glass bottle of purified water and exited the zero-degree space.

Returning to Tayue Town again, Qin Feng stopped dawdling, stepped directly on the teleportation array on the side, and left.

Not long after Qin Feng left, a large cloud of strange white mist floated from the direction of Tongtian Lake.

As soon as Bai Wu entered the town, the entire space of the ancient town was blocked by a mysterious force, and the atmosphere became extremely depressing.

Afterwards, Bai Wu turned around the town a few times, as if searching for something, but found nothing.

This made Bai Wu very angry, and after a few unwilling roars came out of the rolling fog, it floated towards Tongtian Lake.

Chapter 166: The Great Chance of Longyuan Village

On the other hand, Qin Feng returned to Longyuan Village in a teleportation array.

Before long, he returned to his wooden house.

At this moment, in the training room.

Qin Feng excitedly took out the water purification glass bottle.

There are already 100 units of spiritual spring water in it.

According to the information prompt, if you put another 100 power stones, you can synthesize the liquid.

Let him try it out!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the 'Heavenly Dao Resource Channel' and exchanged 100 energy stones.

Afterwards, he put all those energy stones into the glass bottle of purified water.

Gollum~! Gollum~! Gollum~!

When the energy stone is put into it, there will be some sound of water entering.

呲~!呲~!呲~!

Immediately afterwards, the glass bottle lit up with a faint aura, and a '呲呲' sounded inside the bottle, as if the power stone was being decomposed.

It didn't take long for a very light fragrance to overflow from the bottle.

[Reminder: The combination was successful! You have acquired 100 units of Ichor (Tier 2). 】

Qin Feng was delighted and quickly took out a prepared glass.

Daily utensils like this kind of glass are available in Tiandao resources, and the price is very cheap.

wow~ wow~ wow...

Qin Feng poured a small half cup of spiritual liquid.

I saw those spiritual liquids, the color was light green, the color was like amber, and it had a faint fragrance, and it looked delicious at first glance.

He tried to take a sip.

The spiritual liquid entered the throat, cool and refreshing, and instantly turned into a trace of spiritual energy, some of which rose to the top, and some that flowed all over the body.

Qin Feng felt refreshed, his energy and physical strength were greatly restored, and even his energy value increased.

good! good!

This spiritual liquid can restore energy and stamina faster than a level 4 wooden house.

If you always keep some by your side, and when you are exhausted in the future, you can take some of it, which is better than returning to the log cabin to rest, which can also save yourself a lot of time.

This spiritual liquid is indeed a 323 second-order material!

Really worth the money!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more satisfied he became.

The only thing he needs now is time.

His daily tasks are fully arranged, and he has to race against time all the time.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Now, to have a material that saves him time, naturally makes him happy.

At the moment, Qin Feng drank the spiritual liquid in the cup in one go.

After a while, the absorption of the spiritual liquid was completed, and his spirit and energy increased again, and even his energy increased by more than 100 points.

good! good!

Absorbing spiritual fluid can not only quickly restore energy and physical strength, but also increase energy value.

It can be seen that long-term use of spiritual liquid can also be upgraded.

Having said that, power stones are Tier 1 materials.

Ichor is a Tier 2 material, and Ichor is more like an evolutionary version of a power stone.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng poured out another cup and continued to taste and analyze.

After a while, he drank one unit of spiritual fluid and came up with the analysis result.

Absorb a unit of Ichor, the energy value obtained is 300 points, and the time to complete the absorption is 5 minutes.

When absorbing a piece of energy, the energy value obtained is 100 points, and the time to complete the absorption is also 5 minutes.

But in this way, it is much more cost-effective to absorb spiritual fluid.

In the same time, the energy obtained is three times, and the upgrade speed is three times faster!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is a good way to speed up the villager's upgrade speed!

Of course, Qin Feng doesn't like the upgrade speed of absorbing spiritual liquid.

That is far less fast than his killing monsters and upgrading.

But for those villagers, especially for non-combat occupation villagers, that is a huge benefit!

Counting the time, the novice assessment period is about to enter the fifth day.

There are still more than 100 people in Longyuan Village who are still at level 7. It is time to speed up the level of these people.

In addition to this, he also thought of 16 other Dragon Country villages.

Those people are at a lower level, and there are still a large number of people staying at level 5 today.

But more than half of the assessment time has passed. According to this progress, those people can only wait to die.

Even if those people were recruited into Longyuan Village, they would not be able to save everyone.

However, Qin Feng now has spiritual liquid in his hands, but there is a ray of hope to save everyone.

At this thought, Qin Feng was excited.

If he could save all his compatriots, he would naturally be willing.

What's more, if he wants to develop Longyuan Village into a superpower, he needs a large population.

Let those Dragon Country compatriots become his subordinates, he can trust.

Can't let Western white-skinned people be their subordinates?

Those sluts, the resistance to the Dragon Kingdom in their bones, can definitely not be domesticated in a day or two.

What's more, Qin Feng has no interest in recruiting them, but wants to find an opportunity to destroy them.

"It seems that I have to make more spiritual liquid myself. By the way, I don't know if this spiritual liquid is donated, will the market effect be good?"

Qin Feng donated 50 units of spiritual fluid as soon as he thought about it...

At the same time, in the chat channel, all the villagers were discussing things in the regional channel.

"Brothers, those guys in the regional channel, this time they stopped doing power stone business with us, and they kept saying that our power stone prices are high."

"Haha! Those guys are in a hurry! Waiting for dawn, which is the fifth day of the assessment period, many people are getting closer and closer to their death. Live!"

"Yeah! Those Western Baipi, Asan, Nanbang, and Dwarf Island slaves hope that tonight, in the twenty-seven villages, a few new village chiefs will be able to sell their power stones at a lower price."

"How many? Cut! They underestimate the difficulty of the village chief's task. Don't think that if our boss can successfully complete the task, they can complete it. Can they compare with our boss?"

"Oh! Those dog things don't think so. They always feel that they are better than our Dragon Kingdom people. They have always turned a blind eye to the achievements of the boss, and even depreciated them intentionally or unintentionally."

"Stupid! Ignorance! Arrogance! That's the trait of those guys! To me, they're afraid of not having a single success tonight."

"Even if one of them succeeds, so what? Our energy stone has been reduced by half. At the same price, it can beat them and still give them a devastating blow."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, donated 50 units of spiritual fluid (Tier 2) and obtained 1,000 contribution points. 】