Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When the news came out, everyone was shocked.

"Hey! The boss has donated new supplies again!"

"What is spiritual fluid?"

"It seems to be a second-order material!"

"The boss produced it, it must be a fine product. I'll exchange a little to see it!"

"I'm going to have a look too!"

"Fuck~! I also want to exchange some!"

At the moment, everyone went to talk.

In just a moment, the 50 units of spiritual fluid were completely exchanged.

Those who start late are annoyed.

After a while, the chat channel was completely hot.

"My God! Brothers, that spiritual liquid is too powerful. Absorbing one unit of spiritual liquid actually gave me 300 stat points, three times that of a power stone, and the absorption time is the same as a power stone."

"Fuck~! It's so powerful!"

"Upstairs, there are more powerful ones. Absorbing spiritual fluid can restore energy and physical strength very quickly, which is several times stronger than my level 2 wooden house!"

"Hey~! It's so awesome! I'm going to exchange it too!"

"Listening to what you said, little sister really wants to exchange it, but you have all exchanged the spiritual liquid, woo! Woo!"

"I don't know if there is still spiritual liquid in the hands of the boss? I really hope he can donate a little more."

"Yeah! I really hope the boss can donate some more spiritual fluid!"

The villagers are looking forward to...

At the same time, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng was also excited.

After some operations just now, he found that the spiritual liquid was indeed very popular, and the market potential was huge.

Let's talk about the cost of making spiritual liquid.

A power stone plus one unit of spiritual spring water is equal to one unit of spiritual fluid.

Lingquan water, he carries a Lingquan well with him, and he can continuously produce spiritual spring water every day, all for free.

Therefore, the cost of making one unit of spiritual liquid is one energy stone, which is 5 contribution points.

You can donate one unit of spiritual fluid, and you can get 20 contribution points.

In this way, it is four times the profit!

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

He seems to have found a good way to earn a lot of contribution points and speed up the overall villager upgrade speed.

Thinking of this, he quickly got up and walked to the next room.

After a while, he arrived at the door of the next room.

Before entering the door, he heard a giggling sound like a silver bell from Qiyue.

Crunch~!

Qin Feng pushed open the door and saw Qi Yue sitting on the bed, watching the chat records in the regional channel, laughing non-stop.

"Hey! Master, you are back!"

When Qiyue saw that Qin Feng came in, she happily greeted her.

"What makes you smile so happily?" Qin Feng asked casually.

Qi Yue's pretty face blushed slightly.

For some reason, she couldn't help feeling a little shy when she saw her master.

Afterwards, she said obediently: "Master, I just saw a person from Ah Sanguo on the regional channel, where is he bragging."

"He said that there are already two level 10 powerhouses in their village, and they will soon surpass our Longyuan Village."

"Liu Xuan and the others just fooled him, saying that they were worried about being overtaken. I didn't expect that the person from A Sanguo would believe it, and the more he talked about it, the more vigorous he was, and Yue'er wanted to laugh when he saw it."

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Asan has always been a fan of self-confidence, and it's not surprising that he can do that.

"Yue'er, this is the spiritual liquid I just got, drink some and see the effect."

Qin Feng took out a bottle of spiritual liquid from the storage ring and handed it over.

"Oh~!"

Qi Yue obediently took the spiritual liquid and drank it directly.

She has incomparable trust in Qin Feng.

After drinking it, she pursed her lips, as if she was aftertastes.

But the next second, she seemed to sense something, and her eyes glowed with excitement.

"Hey! Master, this spiritual liquid restores energy so fast, it feels much faster than this level 4 wooden house."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Then you think, with the help of this spiritual liquid, can you maintain the time force field?"

Qiyue nodded obediently: "Yes! As long as there is enough spiritual fluid, I can maintain the time force field forever!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "That's good! Qiyue, I have a task for you now."

Qi Yue is also happy.

Another mission!

She was finally able to help the master with some favors.

She always felt that Qin Feng asked her to help speed up the hatching of the pet eggs, and the task was too easy, which made her feel a little idle.

Now, she has another place to contribute, which makes her instantly motivated.

Her goal is to become the master's best assistant, or even Xiaoxian's inner assistant!

How could she miss such an opportunity.

I don't know what the master wants to do this time.

Whatever she does, she is willing

Chapter 167 The whole army is annihilated, and the temple is coming!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Master, what is the mission?"

Qi Yue looked curious.

"You come with me!"

Qin Feng waved at Qiyue, and Qiyue turned into white light and disappeared~.

Then, he took the pet egg and turned into white light and disappeared in place-.

Only one white spot of light remained in the field.

It turned out that Qin Feng put both Qiyue and the pet egg into the zero-degree space.

However, as soon as Qiyue entered the zero-degree space, she found herself entering a miniature space, about the size of a mu.

The sky was gray.

Just when she wondered where she was summoned by her master, white light flashed on the side, and the pet egg and Qin Feng also appeared one after another.

"Master, where is this?" Qi Yue looked curious.

"This is zero-degree space, a very special space that has been integrated into my body. It has many magical uses, such as allowing living beings to survive in it."

Qin Feng didn't hide it.

Next, he wants to reuse Qiyue, and naturally he has to tell her something.

What's more, Qiyue signed the Heavenly Dao contract with him, and she was absolutely loyal to him and would never betray him, and her loyalty was much higher than those of the Dragon Country compatriots.

For Qiyue, he also trusts more.

"Master, you said that this magical space has been integrated into your body?"

Qi Yue's eyes widened in surprise.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Qi Yue immediately said in surprise: "Master, so, if Yue'er stays in this space all the time. It means that when the master is there, Yue'er will follow you there. Yue'er has always been by your side."

"Indeed!"

"Hehe! That's great! Yue'er just wants to be by your side all the time! When the master needs it, the master can summon Yue'er to go out at any time."

Seeing Qi Yue's happy appearance, Qin Feng also smiled.

What Qiyue said was true.

He put Qiyue in the zero-degree space, which is equivalent to carrying a female assistant with him, which is of great benefit.

You must know that Qiyue masters the A-level time talent, which is extremely versatile.

The time force field alone has benefited Qin Feng a lot.

If it develops further, Qiyue awakens more time skills, it will be even better.

In addition, Qiyue also has a C-level bloodline talent, and her overall strength is not weak.

In the fierce battle with the enemy in the future, he suddenly released Qiyue to fight the enemy, and he might be able to kill the enemy by surprise.

"Yue'er, release your time force field and see."

"Um!"

Qiyue responded obediently.

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

A strange mental wave emanated from Qi Yue's body, covering the entire space.

Qin Feng also sensed in an instant that the flow of time around him doubled.

very good!

The scope of the time force field just covers the entire space.

"Yue'er, come with me!"

At the moment, Qin Feng took Qiyue to the Lingquan Well.

"Yue'er, this is the Lingquan Well, which will continuously produce spiritual spring water every day. And this is a glass bottle of purified water."

Qin Feng took out the water-purifying glass bottle again and handed it to Qiyue, explaining it again.

It turned out that he wanted Qiyue to manage the production of spiritual liquid and take care of the spiritual liquid business.

After some words, Qi Yue touched the glass bottle of purified water in her hands with a look of amazement.

Only now did she know that the glass bottle was actually a sixth-order treasure.

It can be seen that the master must reuse her to give her such an important thing.

This warmed her heart, and she was a little snickered.

It seems that he has really become the master's right-hand assistant.

"Yue'er, do you remember what I told you?"

"Well, remember."

Qiyue nodded obediently.

Afterwards, the little girl rejoiced: "By the way, master, the prepared spiritual liquid. Except enough for us to consume, the rest are donated. We will soon earn a large amount of contribution points."