Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng said with a smile: "You can use the contribution points you earn to exchange for tier 2 or higher spirit grass for me. You don't need to exchange the tier 1 spirit grass in Longyuan Village, but keep it for other villagers."

For the first-order spirit grass, Qin Feng has already withdrawn the full amount.

He didn't want to compete with the villagers for profit.

After all, among those villagers, there are also several pharmacists, and they should be given a chance to develop.

What's more, Qin Feng still has more than 200 first-order spirit grasses in his hands.

"Master, if we keep earning like this, I'm afraid there will be too many contribution points to use up!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "If you don't use up the contribution points, you can exchange them for some energy stones, go to the regional channel, and help buy various spirit grasses, even the first-order spirit grasses in the regional channel."

"There are also treasure chest synthetic cards, silver treasure chests, gold treasure chests, and various strange objects that can be purchased."

Qi Yue nodded happily: "Yue'er understands."

"By the way, you also helped me sell these third-order equipment. If someone wants to exchange things for something, only the fourth-order equipment is accepted."

Qin Feng handed over a few extra pieces of equipment to Qiyue.

He intends to hand over all the chores to Qiyue.

In this way, he has more time to deal with more important things.

Hearing those arrangements, Qiyue became more and more happy.

Obviously, the master has entrusted a lot of important things to himself.

That oneself is more and more important to the master.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Thinking of this, Qi Yue confidently said: "Master, don't worry, Yue'er will definitely complete the task you gave and be your right-hand assistant."

Qin Feng is pleased: "That's good! Let's act!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Qin Feng gave Qiyue hundreds of energy stones.

The two masters and servants started their own work.

Qiyue was right next to Lingquan Well and started to make spiritual liquid.

With those spiritual fluids, even without the assistance of the wooden house, she can continue to cast the time force field...

On the other side, Qin Feng also chose a place to sit cross-legged and entered the village channel.

I saw that there was an additional life occupation channel in the village channel, with three life occupations: pharmacist, tailor, and blacksmith.

If you want to have these three occupations, you can master their skills, and there are no other requirements.

However, learning their skills has talent limitations.

For example: to learn the planting technique of the pharmacist, you need to master the wood element talent.

To learn the iron ore refining technique of the blacksmith, you need to master the talent of gold.

For others, talent is a threshold that cannot be crossed.

For Qin Feng, it is not a problem at all.

At the moment, he spent 500 contribution points, learned the technique of implantation, and thus had a level 1 pharmacist profession.

Afterwards, he spent another 500 contribution points, learned the synthesis technique, and thus acquired a level 1 tailoring profession.

In the end, he spent another 500 contribution points, learned the refining technique, and thus acquired a level 1 blacksmith profession.

So far, he has mastered all the three major life occupations.

After this series of operations, there are still more than 3,000 contribution points left in his hand, which is not much.

Contributions are still important.

He has to find a way to earn it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the resource warehouse and opened the resource list.

He's about to start one last big project.

Soon, he found novice short knives in the list, and the number had reached 170,000.

Qin Feng smiled.

More than 170,000 novice knives!

For him, these earn more than 500,000 contribution points.

Immediately, he first exchanged a thousand short knives from the resource pool,

I saw him pick up a short knife and wipe it casually.

With a flash of white light, the endless extraction is complete!

The Tier 0 novice short knife has become a Tier 1 refined steel knife.

Then, as soon as he thought about it, the steel knife in his hand was donated.

[Reminder: You donated a Tier 1 exquisite steel knife to get +5 contribution points. 】

0 flower 0

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

In exchange for a novice short knife, 2 contribution points are required.

He is processed into a tier 1 steel knife, which can be exchanged for 5 contribution points.

One by one, he earned 3 contribution points, and the cumulative time spent was 8 seconds.

Under the effect of Qiyue's time force field, the time he spent became 4 seconds, and the efficiency of earning contribution points was doubled.

After the calculation was clear, Qin Feng took out the short knife with all his strength and began to earn contribution points.

Not far away, Qi Yue also saw this scene and was quite surprised.

Secretly thinking that the master's method is not ordinary.

However, she did not ask more and continued her work.

Time flies so fast, a few hours have passed in a blink of an eye.

Qin Feng extracted a full 10,000 short knives and made a huge profit of 30,000 contribution points, which made him very happy.

Afterwards, he counted the time and felt that it was almost dawn.

The short knife is no longer extracted.

Because at dawn, the Temple of Vientiane is about to descend.

It was time for him to go to the Temple of Vientiane.

It is more important to complete the village upgrade and save those Dragon Country compatriots.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng got up, looked up at Qiyue, and smiled.

At the end of the night, the little girl has a good harvest!

I saw that around Qiyue, more than thirty tier 1 spirit grasses were planted.

Those spirit grasses were all acquired by her in the regional channel, and were planted in the space by her.

This zero-degree space is very suitable for the cultivation of spirit grass.

As for the spiritual spring water in that well, it was also processed by Qiyue, waiting for new spiritual spring water to be produced.

In short, this girl is quite agile and a qualified assistant.

However, when Qin Feng got up, Qi Yue felt it.

"Owner!"

Qi Yue also stood up happily.

"Yue'er, the harvest tonight is not bad!"

"Hehe! Lingshi is very popular in the regional channel, and I also bought 2 treasure chest synthesis cards for the owner."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: Dawn has come, and tonight's 'Lost Village' mission is over. The Blue Star Realm has established a total of 3447 villages. 】

When the news came out, the whole world was shocked.

The village chief mission is over again!

Over the night, there were more than 3,000 villages.

However, the proportion is too small for 10 million villages.

It takes an average of 3,000 novice villages to establish a successful village.

This shows how difficult it is to build a village.

And this is just a D-class mission.

This also made Qin Feng think that the difficulty of the S-level task that he was about to undertake would become more perverted the further he did it?

Thinking about it, he felt a little uneasy.

"By the way, Yue'er, how many of the 27 villages in our No. 1 area were successful last night?"

"Master, they all failed, and six people died in the mission."

Having said this, Qi Yue sighed.

After synthesizing the spiritual liquid last night, she has been doing business in the regional channel, and she has a clear understanding of the development of the whole situation.

"Master, after this incident, those people in the regional channel are about to collapse. By the way, those of your Dragon Country compatriots are calling your name in the channel one by one, and I beg you to save them."

"They said that you are their only savior. All of us in Longyuan Village are appeasing them, saying that you are trying to find a way!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng nodded slightly, and a sense of urgency filled his heart.

Knew it!

The compatriots began to pin their hopes on him.

After all, it is already dawn, and the novice assessment has officially entered its fifth day, so there is not much time left for everyone.

He should also hurry up and rush to the Vientiane Temple to open the way to other Longguo villages.

Chapter 168 Return to Tongtian, the enemy is coming!

At the moment, Qin Feng said: "Yue'er, you will take care of this zero-degree space, and I'm going out."

"Master, are you going to the Vientiane Temple?"

"Well, it's already dawn outside, presumably the Temple of Vientiane has come."

"Oh, master, then you have to pay attention to safety. If you need to, you can call me out at any time."

Qiyue was a little reluctant to part.

She felt that the time with Qin Feng passed too fast!

Qin Feng smiled and was about to leave.

Suddenly, a flash of light flashed in his mind, as if he had thought of something.

Then, he opened the 'village chief operation interface' and performed some operations.

After this operation was completed, the world was shaken, and the laws flowed.

Boom~Long~Long!

The entire zero-degree space trembled slightly.

In the next second, in the center, the ground gradually swelled.

Then, a wooden house broke out of the ground and slowly rose from the ground.

After the wooden house fully appeared, Qiyue felt that the wooden house in front of her looked familiar.

"Master, this hut seems to be my hut!"