Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled and said, "This is your novice wooden house. I used the village chief's authority to try to migrate it. I didn't expect it to be successful."

"Wow~! This can be done!"

Qiyue was full of surprises.

Afterwards, she said with a smile on her face: "Master, with this novice wooden house, I can live here for a long time. By the way, there is a kitchen in the wooden house, and I can also cook a lot of delicious meals for the master! "

Hearing this, Qin Feng felt relieved.

Carrying a female assistant with you is a lot of benefits. At least you don't have to sleep in the air, and your diet can be greatly improved.

"Yue'er, your wooden house seems to be only level 1."

"Yeah! I also want to upgrade the hut to level 2. My grandfather and clansmen have helped me gather all the materials. To upgrade the hut to level 2, I still need a piece of ice stone. I don't have it, and I don't know where to get cold. Ice Stone."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "These are for you!"

I saw Qin Feng took out a piece of ice stone and a green wood core.

"Wow! Froststone! Hey, there is also Aoki core!"

Qiyue happily took over the two treasures.

Sure enough, you can eat and drink spicy food with the master.

This time, not only did she get the Frost Stone, but she also got the Aoki Core to upgrade the 3-level wooden house.

This also made her more and more dead to Qin Feng.

"Yue'er, I will also give you these ten vouchers!"

Qin Feng took out ten more 'elf certificates'.

"Master, what do these spirit cards do?"

"Consume a card to gain a little reputation. However, each person can only use it up to ten times."

"Hee hee! Thank you master!"

Qiyue happily took those vouchers.

"Yue'er, I have opened a private chat permission for you, and you can chat with me privately at any time. When you are free, check the chat channel and regional channel. If anything happens, let me know at any time."

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded earnestly, feeling even happier in her heart.

With free private chat permission, she can communicate with her master anytime, anywhere.

If other villagers want to chat privately with the master, they must send a private chat request first.

This shows that her status in the master's mind is higher than others.

"I should go too!"RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

After saying this, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared into the space

In the next second, he returned to his wooden house.

This time, he heard footsteps and people's voices coming from the street.

It was dawn, and the entire Longyuan Village became active again.

He couldn't waste time either.

At the moment, Qin Feng pressed 'one key to return' and disappeared into the wooden house out of thin air...

At the same time, the big world, a certain mysterious valley.

At this moment, in the valley.

The two old men walked with a group of people towards the teleportation formation at the end of the valley.

Kurogo and Kurosawa were among this group of people.

There are twelve people in this group, all of them are powerhouses with more than 100 stars.

The two old men headed by them are also extremely powerful prefecture-level powerhouses.

The majestic old man on the left is the second elder, and the tall and thin old man on the right is the third elder.

After a while, the group walked to the teleportation array.

The second elder looked up at the sky.

In the distance, the sky was slightly brighter, and the dawn of dawn had just emerged.

He breathed a sigh of relief: "It's almost time, Tayue Town should not be in a ghost state, we can pass."

Everyone nodded slightly.

Those ghosts in Tayue Town are extremely difficult to deal with, they are not afraid of any physical attack, and they are almost impossible to kill.

Unless you have mastered the light system, the thunder system, and the more mysterious soul system talent.

Otherwise, fighting with those ghosts and ghosts, human beings will often suffer a big loss.

A few years ago, a prefecture-level powerhouse from another tribe, arrogantly strong, entered Tayue Town alone, trying to get some soul stones.

As a result, he died in that town, with almost no bones left, only half of his head remained, which was extremely miserable.

"Second elder, this old man always feels that the first elder is a little excited. In order to kill a half-step challenger, we actually set out together and brought these ten boys along."

"By the way, I heard that the challenger is still from Xiaoqian World, it is even less worth mentioning."

The three elders couldn't help but muttered.

He seems to be a little bit unconcerned about the arrangement of the first elder.

You know, it's not about him and the second elder.

The ten members of Kwangkura Wu joined forces, and their strength was comparable to that of a prefecture-level powerhouse.

This group of 12 people is equivalent to the strength of three Earth-level powerhouses, and even if they encounter Earth-level powerhouses, they can easily win.

The second elder said in a deep voice: "The third elder, the first elder has always been cautious. He arranged this to fight steadily. This is the battle we have been waiting for for thousands of years. The first battle must be won in order to boost morale!"

The third elder smiled disapprovingly: "Even if the old man goes alone, it will be a steady fight. With the strength of the old man at the prefecture level, killing a half-step prefecture-level is not easy."

The second elder smiled and shook his head: "Let's go! Not much to say, it's getting late!"

Immediately, a group of people embarked on the teleportation array.

As the great formation ran, the light flashed, and the group disappeared into the great formation.

In the next second, thousands of miles away, on the square of Tayue Town, the teleportation array lit up.

After a while, a group of people appeared on the teleportation array.

It was Kurago and the others.

As soon as the twelve people teleported into the formation, they were shocked by the scene in front of them.

I saw that on the square, the eyes were full of barren.

The ground is full of potholes, and there are many dead bodies of the evil spirit termites.

There was an unpleasant sour odor in the air.

Clearly, there was a big battle here.

The crowd looked at each other involuntarily.

How can there be a war here?

Could it be that someone broke into Tayue Town last night?

Ye Chuang Tayue Town, if not for the talents of light, thunder, and soul, even the powerhouse at the ground level would not dare to step into it easily.

"Hey! Two elders, that Lingquan Well is gone!"

At this moment, Cangwu's exclamation sounded in the field.

Everyone looked at them one after another, and as expected, the Lingquan Well was gone, and they all showed a look of astonishment.

That ancient well has existed for thousands of years!

How can it not be seen?

"Second Elder, what do you think of this matter?" The Third Elder asked in a deep voice.

"Looking at the traces of the battle in this battle, only the powerhouse at the prefecture level can cause such great damage. Being able to get rid of the Lingquan Well shows that that person has great powers and extraordinary strength!"

The second elder was a little embarrassed.

Afterwards, he added: "Whether it's the powerhouse of that tribe, it doesn't matter to us. Our goal is to kill that half-step challenger. By the way, we must find that challenger as soon as possible, don't let The other tribes took the lead."

As soon as these words fell, everyone became anxious.

right!

There are traces of the emergence of other 2.5 strong players here.

It's hard to believe that the news of the challenger's traces has begun to spread widely.

If so, that's not a good thing!

Their family must be the first!

"Second elder, what should we do? We don't know now, where will that challenger appear?"

The third elder was a little anxious.

"Go! Go to Tongtian Lake! If the old man guesses right, that person will probably go to Tongtian Lake, because the Temple of Vientiane is there."

"Makes sense!"

At the moment, the group rushed towards Tongtian Lake.

They had no doubt at all that the strong man who appeared in Tayue Town last night was the one they were looking for.

At the same moment, somewhere near Tongtian Lake, a white light lit up.

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

He used one key to return, and arrived at Tongtian Lake in a second.

One-click to return to the locked position is the last time one-click to return to the village.

It saved him a lot of time

Chapter 169: The first layer of the temple, the first layer of heaven!

With this appearance, Qin Feng looked up at Tongtian Lake in front of him.

At this moment, the morning sun has not yet appeared, and the dawn is just beginning to show.

The light on the lake surface is not good, and you can vaguely see the vast mist and white mist.

Looking at the surface of the lake again, the place that is ten thousand feet high in the sky is still empty.

The Temple of Vientiane has not yet appeared!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Qiyue has a reputation of 10 points, and gets the title of novice energy.... Strength +5, Agility +5, Constitution +5, Energy +5. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Villager Qiyue upgrades the level 1 novice cabin to level 2...gets 100 attribute rewards]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Villager Qiyue upgrades the novice cabin from level 2 to level 3...gets 200 attribute rewards]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

so fast!

It seems that Qiyue has already prepared the materials, and is waiting for the ice stone and the green wood core!

Now that she has obtained those two materials, she has upgraded her wooden house two levels in a row.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Qi Yue is his personal assistant.

The stronger that girl is, the more help he will be able to help him, so he is naturally delighted.

At this moment, Qi Yue's happy voice sounded in his ears.