Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cang Wu hurriedly asked, "Two elders, what should we do now?"

The second elder pondered for a while and said, "We will stay by the Tongtian Lake. A challenger with a half-step Earth-level strength will definitely come to the Temple of Vientiane. This is the only way to become an Earth-level powerhouse."

The third elder nodded: "Yes! We will wait for him by the lake!"

Cang Wu's mouth curled slightly: "Haha! These ignorant challengers, who are only half a level in strength, dare to participate in the Shengwu assessment. Does he think the Shengwu assessment is so easy to pass?"

As soon as these words fell, the people behind him responded.

"Yeah! The Holy Martial Exam is too difficult! I also have a half-step prefecture-level strength. I came to this temple to participate in the four tests, and all of them failed."

"I'm worse than you! I participated seven times, and all failed. The first time, I was shot down a thousand feet into the sky by the guarding spirit beast and fell into the Tongtian Lake. Fortunately, there were clansmen on the side to save me, otherwise I would have died at that time. already."

"Yeah! The Holy Martial Exam is too difficult! Like we all have half-step prefecture-level strength, but everyone has failed several times, at least not yet obtained Foundation Establishment. And that person is from Xiaoqian World, his strength is definitely Not as good as us. If he participates in the assessment, he will definitely not pass the test!"

"I'm afraid I can't even pass the level of guarding the spirit beasts. The Holy Martial Hall is in the third heaven, where the guarding spirit beasts are more powerful!"

Everyone in the field was stunned.

Each of them has participated in the Shengwu assessment, and they all failed without exception.

The difficulty of the Shengwu assessment is unimaginable.

Even the worst low-level foundation building is not so easy to obtain.

And these people are extremely satisfied as long as they can get a low-grade foundation.

"Two elders, is it possible that that person has already entered the temple? With his strength, he is still expected to enter the Tianji Temple of the first heaven."

Kurosawa suddenly muttered something.

The corner of the third elder's mouth was slightly raised: "Impossible! Even if that person has the ability to enter the Heavenly Secret Palace, he should be on the sky-reaching ladder at this moment, and he didn't enter the clouds so quickly."

"What's more, there are spirit beasts guarding the entrance of the Tianji Temple. It will take a while to eliminate the spirit beasts, but there is no movement in the air now."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly.

They really didn't take Qin Feng seriously, so they made a big mistake in judging the actual situation.

At this time, the second elder pondered for a while and said, "Third elder, it's not impossible for Heize to say something. Otherwise, we'll send someone up to take a look. What if that guy is on it?"

The third elder nodded slightly: "Okay! The old man will go upstairs to see, you are all guarding below."

As soon as the voice fell, he flew into the sky.

Cang Wu hurriedly said: "Third Elder, if you really found that challenger, why don't you kill it alone?"

The third elder smiled heartily: "Haha! Don't worry! The old man will capture him alive, and we will solve him one by one. In this way, Tiandao will give us an equal share of the benefits."

Cang Wu was overjoyed: "I heard that the benefits of killing challengers are great, even greater than the benefits of killing emperor-level beasts. I'm also very curious if this rumor is true."

The third elder smiled: "Whether it's true or not, we'll know after a try. Okay, the old man is leaving!"

"Third elders, you should also be cautious. I will get a lot of benefits from killing the challenger. The challenger can also gain great benefits by killing our guardians, so don't take it lightly."

The second elder instructed.

The third elder smiled disdainfully, and without saying a word, he rose from the sky and flew to the Vientiane Temple.

He didn't think that a half-step prefecture from Xiaoqian World could kill him?

The second elder is really worried!

In just a moment, the three elders flew thousands of feet into the sky.

Below, Kurago and the others looked envious.

Flying in the air is one of the hallmarks of an earth-level powerhouse.

Because the Earth-level powerhouses can control the power of heaven and earth, they can naturally fly in the sky.

At the same moment, on the Tianji Temple Square.

Qin Feng has already walked to the entrance of the temple.

The entrance was a huge door of light, ten feet high, emitting a dazzling white light, making it impossible to see what was inside the hall.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and stepped into the door of light.

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The pass in his hand automatically lit up with silver light, then turned into a light group and poured into his body.

[Reminder: The pass order (the first layer of heaven) has come into effect. From now on, you can freely enter and leave the first layer of the hall, and there will be no guarding spirit beasts to block it. 】

With a whirlwind, Qin Feng felt that he was being teleported.

After a moment, he got his feet on the ground and found himself entering a huge corridor.

On both sides of the corridor are unknown white jade walls, which are thousands of feet high. There are dragons and phoenixes carved on them.

Qin Feng stood in the middle of the corridor, like an ant, entering a huge hall, looking extremely small.

He looked not far behind him again, where the exit was, a huge door of light.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng has entered the first hall of Vientiane - Tianji Hall, becoming the first person to enter the hall in District 1, and has received +5 reputation rewards. 】

[Reminder: Only the top three people in each district who enter the various temples will have prestige rewards. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Longyuan Village was a sensation.

From all corners of the village, people cheered.

The chat channel was also instantly fried.

"Wow~! The boss has entered the Vientiane Temple!"

"That's great! That's great! I've been waiting for this day for a long time."

"Yeah! The boss enters the Vientiane Temple, and those Dragon Country compatriots will be saved."

"If they knew that the boss could save them, they would be very excited!"

"Haha! Of course!"

"However, when the boss enters the Vientiane Temple, he must first take on the task of the god-level village. The first stage of the task will still reward the population. If the task is not completed, the population will be insufficient, and the boss will not be able to save so many people."Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Yeah! I wonder when the boss will receive the task?"

"It should be soon! Let's keep an eye on it, don't disturb the boss."

"That's of course 1"

At this moment, all the villagers were a little nervous, silently watching Qin Feng's progress...

They were also afraid that Qin Feng would have an accident in the temple.

Qin Feng is the backbone of Longyuan Village, so there must be no accident.

At the same time, inside the hallway of the temple.

When Qin Feng heard Tiandao's prompt, he secretly thought that it was not bad.

Got another 5 reputation.

As a result, his reputation value reached 149 points.

Prestige is a good thing, the more you accumulate, the better.

"Hee hee! Master, you are amazing! You are the first person to step into the Heavenly Secret Palace in our No. 1 area!"

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ear.

The little girl's tone was full of pride.

It seems that the honor Qin Feng gets is just like what he gets.

Unconsciously, she regarded herself and Qin Feng as one.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was about to walk deep into the hall.

Suddenly, a light flashed in his mind.

By the way, Tiandao just reminded that the top three in this area will be rewarded with prestige.

But Tiandao has no hints, you must have a pass in order to gain prestige.

or…

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he waved his hand at will.

A white light flashed in front, and Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

When the little girl appeared, she was a little confused.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The villagers have entered the first hall of Vientiane - Tianji Hall, becoming the second person to enter the hall in District 1, and have received +5 reputation rewards. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this announcement came out, Longyuan Village was once again shocked.

In the hallway of the temple, Qiyue was pleasantly surprised.

"Master, I have gained prestige!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This should be cheating. Let's not talk about it, there may be unknown dangers here, you go back to the zero-degree space first."

"Hmm~!" Qiyue replied obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng took Qiyue back into the space and continued to move forward.

Soon, he was at the end of the corridor.

What appeared in front of him was an incomparably magnificent hall.

The moment he stepped into the hall, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: You have entered the hall of the Heavenly Secret Hall, and you can go to collect the quest. Fighting is prohibited here. 】

Ban fighting?

Is there anyone else here?

Qin Feng was taken aback.

It was at this moment that he felt more than a dozen gazes swept towards him as if they were real.

He looked up quickly, and saw that there were more than a dozen people in the hall, all of them looking at him

Chapter 171: The enviable level of chance

I saw the dozen or so people, men and women, old and young, all with arrogant expressions and extraordinary attire.

And their appearance is also a little special, such as having slender ears and slightly bluish skin, which is a little different from the appearance of the Blue Stars.

But most of them are still normal, the proportions of facial features are harmonious, and they are pleasing to the eye.

Two of the women had skin as white as jade, and their facial features were exquisite, showing their heroic appearance.

"Who are these guys?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and looked at the nearest old man calmly.

The old man had a majestic figure, a nose like an eagle hook, and a majestic expression, one could tell that he was extraordinary.

When the eye of insight was activated, Qin Feng saw some information in an instant.

[Human]: Challenger (novice emperor)

【grade】:? ? ?

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: ? ? ?

[Origin]: This year's challenger comes from the big world.