Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Only the cigarette and lighter were still on him.

He pulled out a cigarette, held it in his mouth, and a string of flames sprang from his fingertips.

This is flame manipulation!

After lighting the cigarette, he took a deep breath and exhaled a long string of smoke, which was extremely comfortable.

Counting the time, it should be sunset outside, and it is almost dark.

Qin Feng entered the chat channel as soon as he thought about it.

At this time, the channel is still hot, and the topic has changed.

"Oh~! I'm so tired! I can't even walk!"

"I can't walk anymore, I've killed a beast all day, I'm exhausted."

"It's getting dark, and we should take a break. If this goes on, people can't hold it anymore!"

"Yeah! I can only upgrade it tomorrow!"

"Woo~! Woo~! Woo~! The little girl has only reached level 1 (67/100), and she is still far from level 2. The first day will be over, so I'm so worried that I won't be able to reach level 10 within seven days! "

"Sister above, don't worry, my brother is only level 1 (71/100), it's a big deal, brother and you will go to Huangquan together and be a pair of hard-working couples!"

"Hey! It's too difficult! In order to level up, I don't even dare to rest, but my body is too tired to hold on!"

"Strange! Did you notice? The day is almost over, and I don't feel hungry at all, only tired."

"Yeah! I found it too!"

"Hehe! What's so strange about this? We kill beasts, and we get energy, which is more than what we get from eating, so naturally we don't feel hungry. No matter how much energy we get, it can't offset the fatigue of the body, or Take a break!"

"Good meeting upstairs! It seems that we can't do it without rest!"

Qin Feng saw this silently and felt that it made sense.

Endless battles are impossible, and the human body can't support it.

In short, human beings are not strong enough now and need proper rest and recovery.

At this moment, the smell of meat wafted.

The barbecue is ready!

Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

Looking at the golden roasted meat that was grilled with oil, he was so hungry that he cut a piece of roasted meat with a knife and ate it.

The grilled meat of the fierce beast has an excellent taste.

Fat but not greasy, very chewy.

Qin Feng took a bite and fell in love with it, and immediately ate it, his mouth was full of oil...

Immediately after the cooked meat was eaten, a gust of heat rose up and flowed to his limbs...

[Successful acquisition of cooked food, physical recovery +1]

[Successful acquisition of cooked food, physical recovery +1]

[Successful acquisition of cooked food, physical recovery +1]

 …

"Huh! This is?"

Qin Feng heard Tiandao's reminder in his mind.

At the same time, he also found that after eating a few bites of cooked meat, his physical strength recovered very quickly, and he was no longer as tired as before.

Fuck it~!

It turns out that when you are physically exhausted, you can quickly recover by eating cooked food!

This find is so useful!

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised and quickly ate the cooked meat in big mouthfuls.

In just a moment, he ate two kilograms of cooked meat, and his physical strength completely recovered, reaching his peak state again.

[Announcement: Novice Qin Feng has discovered a life skill that can quickly restore physical strength by eating barbecued meat. As the first discoverer, Qin Feng will be rewarded with 1 reputation! 】

At this moment, Tiandao's announcement sounded in every player's mind.

This time, everyone was stunned!

Qin Feng was also stunned.

Fuck it~!

Can this be done? !

He didn't expect that he could gain prestige just like this, it's too easy to earn!

Soon, the chat channel was frying.

"Fuck~! It turns out that eating barbecue can quickly restore physical strength!"

"Haha! Great! I finally found a way to quickly recover my strength!"

"Reputation is extremely rare! Qin Feng is also very lucky!"

"Yeah! How did he discover this little trick in life? Grandma! Why wasn't I the first to discover it?"

"Reputation! 1 reputation! Such a precious thing, I just missed it!"

"Haha! Don't be envious and jealous! Today, we are all going all out to hunt down beasts. How many people can be so leisurely and want to eat barbecue?"

"Yes! It seems that Qin Feng is very leisurely!"

"I just said that Qin Feng's name has turned gray, and his ranking has been falling. It turns out that he is hiding somewhere, enjoying life comfortably!"

"We are all working hard, but Qin Feng is as comfortable as a vacation!"

"Yeah! Envy! It's really enviable!"

"Don't talk too much! Lao Tzu wants to find food! Lao Tzu wants to regain his strength!"

Just when everyone was chatting hotly, Tiandao issued a new announcement again.

[Announcement: Remind newcomers that only by eating cooked food and drinking hot water can they quickly recover their physical strength. Eating raw and cold food is ineffective! 】

[Announcement: Open the hyperspace trading channel! 】

As soon as the news came out, the chat channel became hot again.

"Fuck~! Only eating cooked food is effective! I don't have fire!"

"Yeah! We don't have anything to make a fire either!"

"Who can control flames? Set me on fire!"

"Upstairs, are you stupid? Our novice village will control the flames. Only Liu Yunchang is alone. He has been killed by the tusk wild boar!"

"Oh! It's over! I'm going to drill wood to make fire!"

"Hemp egg! It's only effective if it's cooked, so should the apple in my hand be roasted?"

"Fuck! Upstairs, you still have apples? Did you bring them over from Blue Star?"

"Everyone, I just tried drilling wood to make a fire, but it doesn't work. My hands are blistered. Who has a lighter? Make a price and trade on the hyperspace channel!"

"Yes! The hyperspace trading channel is open, this is very useful!"

Everyone is chatting.

A few more announcements jumped out.

[Announcement: Newbie Qin Feng has listed new products on the hyperspace trading channel. Every 3 pounds of barbecued meat is exchanged for a level 2 beast corpse. 】

[Announcement: Newbie Qin Feng is the first to use the hyperspace trading channel, rewarding him with 1 reputation! 】…………

Chapter 21 The business is booming, and the harvest is a lot!

"Fuck~! This is also possible?"

"Boss Qin Feng is so awesome! He gained 1 reputation all of a sudden."

"Wow! Barbecue! Big Brother Qin Feng sells barbecue!"

"Eating barbecued meat will restore my stamina. I want to buy barbecued meat, but I don't have the corpse of a level 2 beast!"

"3 jins of barbecued meat can be replaced by a level 2 beast corpse? Qin Feng boss, can't you change a level 1 beast?"

[Announcement: Liu Xuan, a novice, traded 3 pounds of barbecued meat with Qin Feng with the corpse of the 2nd-level fierce beast Giant Tooth Lynx! 】

[Announcement: As the first transaction in this area, Qin Feng and Liu Xuan on both sides of the transaction will each receive 1 reputation. There will be no further announcements for future transactions. 】

"Fuck~! Can you gain prestige like this?!"

"Boss Qin Feng has gained 1 reputation again!"

"I want to roast meat too! Boss Qin Feng, replace it with the corpse of a level 1 beast, okay? Please!"

At this moment, the chat channel is boiling...

On the other side, by the campfire.

Qin Feng looked comfortable.

At this moment, as soon as he thought about it, he entered the hyperspace trading channel.

In the next second, a white light flashed in front of him, and the corpse of a vicious beast appeared. It was a level 2 vicious beast—Toothed Lynx.

This is the corpse of the beast that Liu Xuan used to trade with him.

He can extract endlessly again!

Qin Feng excitedly walked towards the toothy lynx and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 Dexterity Attributes! 】

Attributes are up again!

This time, he didn't even need to hunt down a level 2 beast, and someone would automatically bring the beast's body to his door.

This trading method is so useful!

[Reminder: Longshan used the corpse of the 2nd-level beast Water Arrow Giant Frog in exchange for your 3 pounds of barbecued meat. 】

[Reminder: Wu Yong exchanged the corpse of the 2-level beast green giant turtle for your 3 pounds of barbecued meat. 】

Two more deals completed...

This time, Qin Feng stored three roasted pork legs, about fifty kilograms of roasted meat, in the trading space.

Tiandao will automatically assist the transaction, which is very convenient.

There are two more corpses of level 2 beasts!

Qin Feng was secretly happy.

As soon as his mind moved, he opened the trading channel and entered the personal trading page.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[Items for sale]: Wild boar barbecue (14 servings, 3 catties each)

[Completed transactions]: 3 transactions (click to view for details)

【Items Harvested】: Water Arrow Giant Frog Corpse, Green-haired Giant Turtle Corpse

Qin Feng quickly chose to take out the harvested items.

In the next second, the white light flashed, and the bodies of the Water Arrow Giant Frog and the Green-haired Giant Turtle appeared beside him...

Then, he began to extract…

【Endless extraction success! Get 2 points of constitution attribute! 】

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 energy attributes!

Really good!

Get 4 more attributes!

Qin Feng took out a cigarette and lit it for himself.