Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

hiss~!

It turns out that this old man is also a challenger just like himself!

However, he is from the great world.

The human beings in the Great Thousand World are much stronger than the people in the Middle Thousand World.

And the human beings in the middle thousand world are stronger than the small thousand world.

In this comparison, we know that the human beings in the Great Thousand World are far stronger than those in the Small Thousand World.

Qin Feng was amazed and looked at the second woman.

It was a beautiful woman with a lingering charm, and the information she got was actually a novice emperor, and her origins were also human beings in the world.

He quickly looked at the remaining people. Among the sixteen people, twelve were from the Great Thousand World, and only four were from the Middle Thousand World.

As for the one from Xiaoqian World, Qin Feng is the only one.

"Strange! The big world I am in is called the Blue Star Realm, and we should be the only people from the Blue Star. Why do I only see so many experts from the Great Thousand Worlds when I enter this temple?"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and was a little puzzled.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Suddenly, he remembered that the moment he stepped into the Light Gate of the Heavenly Secret Palace, he felt a sense of being teleported.

Could it be that there are hundreds of millions of clones in this Vientiane Temple, scattered in all realms.

As long as you step into the door of light, everyone 263 will be teleported into the same place.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly became enlightened and felt that it was the case.

To this day, he has learned from many clues that this killing of the heavens is held every thousand years.

Every time, people from all worlds will be thrown in, including humans from the Great Thousand World, the Middle Thousand World, and the Small Thousand World.

Every big world will have tens of thousands of temples of Vientiane, scattered in every corner of the world.

In this way, in those 10,000 great worlds, there are 100 million Temples of Vientiane.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sighed in his heart that the Tao of Heaven is really unshakable and extremely powerful.

Of course, the 100 million temples are all temple clones, and they all lead to the same place, which is this place.

Now, the Myriad Realms Novice Assessment Period is only the fifth day, and to be able to arrive at the Vientiane Temple in such a short period of time is definitely the strongest among the strong.

The fact is also the case, Qin Feng saw all the novice emperors, no weak ones.

Moreover, these people came earlier than him.

Counting human beings, he was the seventeenth who entered this place.

While Qin Feng was looking at the strong men, there were also people looking at him.

Soon, a middle-aged man muttered.

The man spoke a strange language that, miraculously, could be understood by everyone present.

The law of heaven is amazing.

"Am I right? This person is actually from Xiaoqian World."

The man looked a little surprised.

With this reminder, all the strong people looked at Qin Feng one after another.

"Hey! It really comes from Xiaoqian World."

"Looks pretty young!"

"Haha! When will the humans of Xiaoqian World be able to arrive here within five days?"

"Most of it depends on luck! Just relying on the talent and potential of the human beings in Xiaoqian World, I want to come in with real skills, hehe!"

"Anyway, it's not bad that he can get the title of Novice Human Sovereign."

"Well, it's okay! It's not easy to get the title of 'Rookie Emperor'."

"As far as I can see, he should have won this title today."

The powerhouses of the Great Thousand World were constantly muttering, with a bit of arrogance in their tone, and it was hard to hide their disdain in their eyes.

Qin Feng was speechless when he heard these words.

His title of emperor was obtained on the third day, not today.

However, the human beings in the Great Thousand World have always looked down on the Middle Thousand World, let alone the Small Thousand World.

It is not surprising that they are so underestimated.

Look at the four strong men from the Middle Thousand World.

At this moment, they all looked at Qin Feng silently, and couldn't see any expressions or words, but there was still a hint of arrogance in their expressions.

Looking at Qin Feng, it was a bit condescending.

In short, Qin Feng unknowingly became the focus of attention of the powerhouses.

He found himself somewhat out of tune with these people.

After all, in the scene, he was the only one who came from Xiaoqian World, and what was rare was precious.

However, Qin Feng was a little unhappy when he saw the arrogant expressions of those guys.

It seems that the human beings in Xiaoqian World are born to be lower than them.

Thinking about it, he was the last to step into this place.

According to this logic, he should be the weakest of these people.

Besides, he is from Xiaoqian World.

So, those guys are determined, he is the weakest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's mouth curled slightly, and he was quite disdainful.

If it weren't for the fact that yesterday, he met the Qi family and made a detour to the village of Sangqi, he would have arrived at the temple yesterday.

And this morning, he didn't stay over Tongtian Lake all the time.

If he stayed in the air, as soon as the temple appeared, he would be able to enter the temple immediately, and it would not be the seventeenth.

In short, these people are too self-righteous.

Especially those powerhouses in the Great Thousand World, there is no concealment in their language.

Having said that, he should be stronger than these people in terms of growth potential.

After all, the human beings in the Great Thousand World are born with a high starting point, and it will be easier to grow into a novice emperor.

And he has grown from a human being in a small world to a novice emperor, which does not prove that his growth potential is stronger.

"Everyone, I think this young man is not bad, it's a bit interesting."

At this moment, a beautiful woman in the crowd looked at Qin Feng with a smile.

She is also from the big world.

Although Qin Feng is from Xiaoqian World and is the weakest existence among the crowd, he is quite handsome and has more temperament than the strong males around him.

Qin Chuan was originally handsome, and as his strength continued to improve, his temperament became better and better.

The woman pondered in her heart that, if conditions permit, she would not mind taking this young man into her palace when she becomes the supreme empress of the great world.

"It's not bad. He is the seventeenth person who entered the hall. To be able to enter the top 20 in this hall during the novice assessment period, it's not enough to rely on luck."

Another person joined.

After the words fell, an old man in the crowd sneered.

"He shouldn't count as the twentieth. Just yesterday afternoon, there were already six masters who entered this hall first."

As soon as these words fell, the strong men were moved.

Even Qin Feng was secretly surprised.

It turned out that six people arrived yesterday.

That being said, even if he came here with all his strength yesterday, it would only be the top seven who arrived here.

Sure enough, in the vast world, the strong are like clouds!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, there was a roar in front of the hall.

The entire hall trembled slightly.

Qin Feng quickly followed the sound and saw an altar slowly rising from the ground.

After a while, the altar was fully raised and the shaking stopped.

In everyone's mind, the reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded.

[Reminder: Everyone who enters the temple, place the tokens you have obtained on the altar. The altar will issue quest orders of the corresponding level according to your token. 】

At this reminder, the strong men were suddenly stunned.

They came here to activate their respective hidden missions.

"The altar is out!"

"Everyone, line up and submit tokens one by one."

"As it should be!"

At the moment, the strong men voluntarily line up.

Not surprisingly, among the sixteen powerhouses, twelve powerhouses from the Great Thousand Worlds were in front.

The four experts from the Middle Thousand Worlds are at the back of the team.

Qin Feng calmly came to the end of the team.

Soon, the old man at the front of the line walked to the altar, took out a skull-shaped token, and placed it on the altar.

Om~!

As soon as the token is placed, the divine pattern engraved on the altar gradually lights up.

And the light is getting stronger and stronger, and finally the whole altar is lit up.

The dazzling light also wrapped the token.

Swish~!

The next second, the light flashed, and the token disappeared out of thin air.

There was an ethereal voice in the sky above the hall.

[The token is confirmed successfully, you get a B-level mission opportunity and reward B-level mission order. 】

As soon as the voice fell, a beam of light fell from the sky and landed on the old man.

Immediately afterwards, a black token slowly descended along the beam of light.

That is the B-level mission order.

The old man was delighted and reached out to take the token.

Seeing this scene, everyone showed envy.

"Not bad! Not bad! It's actually a B-level mission!"

"Yeah! B-level quests are hard to come by!"

"I heard that B-level quests will reward purple diamond treasure chests."

"The rewards are so generous! Hey, the luck of this old senior is really good. I don't know if there is a B-level for my hidden quest?"

"It's hard to say! B-level missions are too rare!"

At this moment, everyone looked at the old man with envy.

For the powerhouses like them, the mission represents an opportunity.

The chance of a B-level mission is very large, and the rewards are very generous.

Just a purple diamond treasure chest made everyone in the room excited.