Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Even Qin Feng was moved.

Purple diamond treasure chest!

It is one level higher than the dark treasure chest, and at least it can open the sixth-order treasure. If you are lucky, you can also start the seventh-order treasure.

By the way, the chances of B-level missions are so great.

Then what will be the final reward for the S-level mission he is about to take?

Will it reward mythical treasure chests?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

It was at this moment that the old man in front received the mission order, and then stepped aside in the eyes of everyone's envy.

He couldn't put it down and looked at the mission order in his hand, and didn't leave immediately.

He wanted to see what level of mission opportunity other people got, so as to judge whether he was the luckiest person.

Soon, the second place in the team stepped forward.

It was a middle-aged man with bluish skin.

After he put the token, the altar responded quickly.

It didn't take long for him to get a mission order, but it was a C-level mission order.

The man is a little depressed.

His chances are not as good as the old man!

The old man was smug, secretly thinking that he was lucky.

Next, the people in the queue stepped forward one by one to receive the task order.

The tokens are activated one by one.

Tokens fell from the sky block by block.

In a blink of an eye, eleven people received mission tokens.

Except for the old man, the remaining ten people were all C-level mission orders.

This is more and more foiled, B-level mission orders are rare.

The powerhouses also envy the old man more and more.

The old man kept stroking his beard and smiling, smiling all over his face, and was in a very good mood.

Qin Feng looked a little confused.

No way?

So far, not even an A-level mission order has appeared, only a B-level mission order has been issued.

Just a B-rank order makes these people go crazy with envy.

Wait for a while, his S-level mission order appears, won't it scare these people stupid?

At this moment, the last Great Thousand World Powerhouse walked to the altar

Chapter 172 Double chance! More than just S-Class!

At this moment, the last Great Thousand World Powerhouse walked to the altar

It was a arrogant man wearing a black armor.

At this moment, as soon as he arrived at the altar, he took out a black object, the size of a fist, some like crystals and some like rocks.

After Qin Feng saw the thing clearly, his eyelids twitched.

What this man took out was not the core of the Resentful Demon!

Why is his token the same as his own?

Could it be that the hidden mission this man received was also S-rank?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the man put the core of the resentful demon on the altar.

Om~!

As the spiritual light of the altar lit up, the resentful demon core disappeared.

In the next second, an ethereal voice sounded above the hall -.

[The token is confirmed successfully, you get a B-level mission opportunity, and the reward - B-level mission order. 】

Immediately afterwards, a beam of light fell.

A black token slowly fell along the beam of light.

There was an uproar all around.

"Uh~! It's actually a B-level mission order again!"

"Not bad! Not bad! How could I not get such a good opportunity!"

"Hey! I really envy this guy! Soon, he will be able to get a purple diamond treasure chest."

"Yeah! It's so enviable!"

"If only the little girl could have such a good chance. It's a pity that the little girl only got a C-rank chance, and can only get a hidden treasure chest."RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At this moment, all the powerhouses are envious.

After the man received the token, he looked arrogant and stepped aside with a look of pride.

At this time, the old man who was the first to get the B-level token asked curiously.

"This friend, what was the token you handed in before?"

"The core of resentment!"

"The core of the resentful demon? Could it be the result of killing the resentful demon?"

"It is so!"

The old man was puzzled: "It's strange! The old man has also killed the resentful demon, why didn't he get the core?"

The man smiled proudly: "The resentment mission I did has doubled the difficulty, I'm afraid it's different from everyone."

As soon as these words fell, the strong men were suddenly stunned.

"It turns out that the difficulty of the task must be doubled before the core of the evil spirit can be revealed."

"I understand. My friend, you have a good chance!"

"To each other! To each other!"

The powerhouses sighed again, looking at the man with envy in their eyes.

The man is also proud and happy.

Thinking about it too, of the twelve strong men from the Great Thousand World, only two of them got the B-rank chance, and the rest were C-rank opportunities.

It can be seen that the B-level opportunity is invaluable.

At the same moment, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy in his heart.

With the same core token of resentment, the man got the chance of a B-level mission.

Then he won't and only get a B rank, right?

But Tiandao reminded him before that he should have received an S-level mission?

What exactly is going on?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the altar in front of him moved again.

The first strong man in the thousand worlds has sacrificed his own token.

At this time, a beam of light fell in the air.

A purple token slowly fell along the beam of light.

It was a D-class mission token.

The chance of a D-level mission is the worst chance that has arisen so far.

The strong man in the thousands of worlds took the token and walked aside with a dejected expression.

Seeing this, all the powerful people in the world looked at each other with a smile in their eyes.

Knew it!

The people of Zhongqian World are not as good as them.

Soon, the second and third place in the thousand world powerhouses also sacrificed tokens one after another.

What they got was also a D-level mission order.

The pride in the eyes of the thousands of strong people is even stronger, which gives them a sense of superiority.

In the end, the fourth place in the top 1000 came forward.

The man walked to the altar and nervously took out a set of equipment.

It was a pair of wrist guards, with rust on it, some dampness, and the aura of dark erosion.

At this moment, Qin Feng was standing behind the man.

The first time he saw the pair of wrist guards, he felt a little familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere.

Om~!

At this moment, the altar was activated, and the aura was released.

Soon, the pair of bracers were wrapped in aura.

After a while of spiritual light, the pair of wrist guards disappeared, and an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[The token is confirmed successfully, you get a D-level mission opportunity and reward a D-level mission order. 】

really!

Another D-level mission opportunity!

Why!

The fourth one in the top thousand, sighed helplessly, and took over the mission order that fell from the air.

The surrounding Daqian experts shook their heads and smiled.

The weak are weak!

Even the chance they get is not as good as them.

At this moment, Qin Feng is the only one left in the field, and there is no sacrifice token.

The crowd looked at him involuntarily.

There were murmurs in the crowd.

"This kid is the only one left. What kind of chance do you think he will get?"

"Do you still need to guess? It must be worse than the four people from the Middle Thousand World, that is, the chance of an E-level mission."

"Pfft~! E-class chance? Such a **** chance, so he didn't make a trip in vain!"

As soon as these words fell, many people laughed.

E-class mission opportunity!

That's too bad!

They don't even look at it.

At this moment, Qin Feng had walked to the altar.

He was thinking about the wrist guard token that the middle-thousand-strong man just took out.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, as if he had remembered something.

Immediately, he took out a pair of wrist guards from the storage ring, the outline of which was very similar to the man's wrist guard.

It's just Qin Feng's wrist guard, with a silvery appearance, as bright as new, without the slightest rust, and no dark atmosphere attached.