Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Bright Bracers: Tier 3 items. 】

[Reminder: The Bracers of Light are the relics of the light messengers, which will only appear in a very small number of novice villages. 】

It turned out that the bracer was the Guangming bracer, which Qin Feng traded from Ruan Fu on the regional channel.

When he got it, it was a pair of corroded wrist guards, and the grade was only second-order.

Later, after the bracer was endlessly extracted by him, it was promoted to the third-order, and the appearance also changed.

Just now, when the middle-thousand-strong man took it out, he felt familiar.

Now, he finally remembered.

"Although there have been some changes in appearance, the essence of the items has not changed. They are all relics of the messenger of light. I wonder if I will sacrifice this bracer, can I get a mission opportunity?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Getting one more mission order is equivalent to getting one more chance, and he is not too much.

Anyway, this light bracer is his extra equipment, and he can't use it anymore, so why don't you try it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put the Guangming Bracers on the altar.

When this was put up, the powerhouses all quieted down to watch.

But after a while, the altar did not respond.

Qin Feng muttered, is it invalid?

The powerhouses also looked at each other, secretly thinking that this kid would not be joking, right?

I took out a useless token and ran to find an opportunity.

In the crowd, many strong men smiled and shook their heads.

Qin Feng was also depressed and was about to take back the wrist guard.

Om~!

At this moment, the divine pattern on the altar gradually lit up.

After a while, the aura flourished and wrapped the bracer.

It turned out that the wristband, which was used as a token, had undergone great changes in appearance, so it took a while for the altar to recognize it.

Swish~!

The next second, the Bright Bracers disappeared.

An ethereal voice resounded above the hall.

[The token confirmation is successful, you will get a C-level mission opportunity and reward a C-level mission order. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked.

Hearing this news, I was overjoyed.

There was an uproar all around.

isn't it?

This guy from the small world has actually obtained the opportunity of a C-level mission.

Here it is the same as their Great Thousand World Powerhouse.

"This kid is lucky!"

"yes!"

"Haha! C-level tasks are not that easy to do!"

Several big thousand experts were a little unhappy.

How can the human beings in a small world have equal opportunities with them?

The four middle-thousand-strong people are even more unpleasant.

"Let's go! Let's go! I can only say that this kid is lucky!"

"Yeah! I've got the mission order, and I should wait to find an opportunity."

The crowd murmured and started to leave.

Anyway, everyone's keepsakes have been sacrificed, and there is nothing to see.

At this moment, Qin Feng has caught the token that fell from the sky, and is very happy.

Good luck this time!

He actually got one more mission opportunity, and the benefits naturally increased by one point.

By the way, why did he get a C-level mission opportunity for the same token, and the one in the top thousand got a D-level?

Qin Feng was a little puzzled when he thought of this.

Then, he thought about it and wanted to understand.

To get a token, strength and luck are indispensable.

Humans in the Middle Thousand World are already strong, and it will be easier to obtain tokens.

Small thousand worlds are more difficult to obtain.

Because of this, Heavenly Dao will reward the human beings in Xiaoqian World and give them a bigger mission opportunity.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Of course, whether or not you can complete that mission opportunity depends on your personal strength.

In short, this is the law of heaven.

Qin Feng no longer thought about it, and put away the C-level task order.

To receive a mission, just activate the token.

Obviously, he didn't want to activate the mission just yet.

After doing this, he took out the core of the resentful demon from the storage ring and placed it on the altar...

At the same time, the big thousand strong and the middle thousand strong are scattered away.

Om~!

Suddenly, behind the strong men, there was a thunderous sound from the sky.

Huh? !

Why did the altar react again?

Everyone couldn't help but turn around and saw that the altar once again lit up with a dazzling light, wrapping the token on the altar.

In the next second, a white light flashed and the token disappeared.

The strong men were surprised.

No way?

Does this kid have two tokens?

How lucky is he?

Only when this thought came to mind, an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[The token is confirmed successfully, you will get an S-level mission opportunity and reward the S-level mission order. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, all the powerhouses were shocked and shocked!

At this moment, the hall was extremely quiet.

Chapter One Hundred and Seventy-Three Meeting on a Narrow Road

Om~!

At this moment, a white beam of light descended from the sky.

A golden token slowly fell along the beam of light.

That is the S-class mission order.

Qin Feng raised his hand to catch the token, and then happily put it into the storage ring.

After doing this, he turned around to look, and saw all the strong petrochemicals on the spot, looking at him in shock.

The field was extremely quiet, and even the atmosphere was a little frozen.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, turned around and left.

At this moment, his mood was extremely comfortable.

He was also worried that these powerhouses would be jealous and would be detrimental to him.

Because the moment he stepped into the hall, Tiandao reminded him to prohibit fighting.

No matter how arrogant these powerhouses were, they would not dare to violate the way of heaven.

At the moment, Qin Feng swaggered back in the same way under the attention of the strong men.

It didn't take long for him to reach the corridor entrance where he came from.

At this time, there was a sigh behind him.

"This person actually got an S-class mission opportunity!"

"S-level mission opportunity! Then at least one mythical treasure chest can be obtained!"

"Yeah! 98% of mythical treasure chests can start eighth-order treasures, and there is a 2% chance of opening ninth-order treasures. Thinking about it is enviable!"

"He, a human from a small world, actually got an S-rank opportunity. I really don't know how he did it?"

At this moment, the strong men were envious.

Qin Feng heard it in his ears and was happy in his heart.

Mythical treasure chests are already extremely precious.

On the top is the super-high-level treasure chest, which generally corresponds to SS-level tasks.

Further up is the Creation-level treasure chest, which generally corresponds to SSS-level tasks.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng entered the corridor.

His figure disappeared from everyone's sight.

At this moment, the powerhouses looked at the direction of Qin Feng's disappearance, and were unwilling to leave for a long time.

After a long while, a man sighed: "The young man in this small world is not simple! He must have a place in the future war of the world."

Many strong men nodded slightly.

But among the crowd, the old man sneered.

"Everyone, don't think too highly of him! How easy is the S-level mission? Even if I wait for the strong in the world, I don't have the confidence to complete it, let alone a human in the small world."

As soon as these words fell, one person agreed.

"That's right! It's the same idea here. If you want me to think, even if this person has the chance, he won't be able to finish it in the end.

This person who agrees is the man who got the B-level mission.

In the presence, he and the old man got a B-grade chance, which was higher than everyone else.

This originally made the two of them feel dark, but they didn't want to suddenly kill a Qin Feng, but they got the S-level opportunity and completely crushed the two of them.

The two of them are naturally upset, and their tone is inevitably sour...

At the same moment, Qin Feng has gone deep into the corridor.

For the discussion behind him, he could not hear clearly, and had no interest in knowing.

Those were destined to be his future competitors, but not now.

His most urgent thing now is to save the Dragon Country compatriots and complete the upgrade of Longyuan Village.

In addition, after he came up with the Heavenly Secret Palace, he activated the S-level task order and did the first-stage task of the god-level village first.