Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

According to Tiandao's reminder, the content of the quest reward in the first stage is that the population limit of Longyuan Village is increased to ten times that of villages of the same level, as well as other mysterious rewards.

This is exactly what he needs most right now.

There were as many as 16 Longguo Novice Villages he saved, plus Longyuan Village, the total population was nearly 20,000.

But the current upper limit of the population of Longyuan Village is only 5,000 people, which cannot be saved at all.

If he wants to save all his compatriots, he has to increase the population limit of Longyuan Village.

Therefore, he was in a hurry to activate the S-level mission order.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to walk to the exit of the hall.

Ahead is the door of light.

After crossing that door of light, he will return to the big world where he is.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of first-level novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 1,000, which is the standard required for a third-level village. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Another condition for level 3 villages has been met.

Having said that, since Sangqi Village was included in the sphere of influence of Longyuan Village, the supply speed of wood has increased by dozens of times, which greatly accelerated the upgrade speed of Longyuan Village's wooden houses.

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied.

By the way, how is the progress of the level 2 and 3 wooden houses?

Thinking of this, he quickly opened the village chief's operation interface to check the progress of Longyuan Village.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 2

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief's Cabin]: Level 4

[Village population]: 1264 people

【Public buildings】: 3.

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 1000 seats.

[Level 2 Novice Wooden House]: 182 seats.

[Level 3 Novice Cabin]: 23 seats

【Level 10 or above strong】: 646 people

good! good!

There are only three **** conditions left for level 3 villages.

Rule 1: There are 200 level 2 wooden houses, and there are currently 182, which are not far from completion.

Article 2: There are 30 level 3 wooden houses, and there are currently 23, which are far from being completed.

These two conditions are estimated to be completed within two or three hours.

In this case, the last condition remains, that is, the population reaches 1,800 people.

At present, the population of Longyuan Village is 1,264, which is definitely underpopulated.

This needs Qin Feng to complete.

"Looks like I have to speed up! I can't hold back the whole village!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and was about to walk out of the Heavenly Secret Hall.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ears.

Qiyue: "Master, the number of our first-class wooden houses has reached the standard! Now everyone is so excited, and there is a lively chat in the channel."

Qin Feng: "Well, I also saw the information."

Qiyue: "Master, have you got your quest token?"

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

She was in zero-degree space and couldn't see what was going on outside.

Qin Feng: "I got it! When I go out, I will activate the token."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Wow! This is great! Yue'er will tell everyone, they will be very happy."

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

At the moment, Qiyue went to the chat channel.

Qin Feng ignored these trivial matters and stepped into the door of light.

At the same time, the square outside the Tianji Temple.

A gloomy old man descended from the sky and landed on the square.

The person who came was the third elder of the Cangwu clan.

As soon as he landed, he turned to look around.

I saw that the square was empty and no one was there.

Seeing this, he smiled coldly in his heart.

"Haha! The second elder is just thinking too much. The old man said that with the strength of that person, it is impossible to reach the Vientiane Temple so quickly."

But these 3.8 thoughts only came to an end, and the exit of the Heavenly Secret Hall in front of him lit up, and a figure came out.

He was startled, looked around quickly, and saw that the person who came out was a handsome young man.

This young man is naturally Qin Feng.

"There is someone!"

The third elder was a little surprised, and his pupils lit up with a strange light, scanning towards Qin Feng.

【Human】: Challenger

【Boundary】: Human level

[Level]: Level 17

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: ? ? ?

[Origin]: This year's challenger comes from a small world.

Seeing this, the three elders are overjoyed.

Ha ha!

be a challenger!

He finally met a challenger.

A challenger who came from Xiaoqian World and was only level 17, he could easily capture it.

This time, he wants to catch alive.

Thinking of this, he strode towards Qin Feng

Chapter 174 Kill the Guardian! Huge gain!

However, as soon as Qin Feng left the Tianji Temple, he saw an old man in gray robe on the square.

He was instantly alert.

This Tianji Square is different from the main hall, where killing each other is allowed.

What's more, the outside world suddenly encountered a human being, which was a sudden thing, and he didn't dare to take it lightly.

After going through so much, Qin Feng has discovered that the world is full of dangers and unknowns, and he has to be cautious.

It was at this moment that the old man looked at him, and his dim yellow eyes lit up.

After a while, the old man seemed to have discovered something, and walked towards him with a look of surprise.

That kind of surprise, like the surprise of finding prey.

Qin Feng suddenly felt that something was wrong, and quickly launched the eye of insight to scan the old man.

【Human】: Guardian

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Level]: Level 35

[Talent]: The Profound Truth of Earth (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat evaluation]: 187 stars

[Origin]: Its ancestors came from the Middle Thousand World - Cang Soil Realm, but in the last Ten Thousand Realms War, the Cang Soil Realm failed. Because the Cangtu Realm successfully entered the top 1,000 in the War of Ten Thousand Realms, it was granted this year's guardian qualification.

[Reminder: There is more than one guardian force]

[Reminder: The target is extremely dangerous]

After reading the information, Qin Feng was slightly enlightened.

It turned out that this old man was also a descendant of a certain Zhongqian World after the last war.

However, they are different from the Qi family.

The ranking of their ancestors in the War of Ten Thousand Worlds successfully entered 07 and entered the top thousand.

This allowed them to get different heavenly punishments.

In other words, it is not a punishment, but a duty, that is, to protect this big world.

How to protect it?

The information list suggests that this old man is extremely dangerous.

Could it be that the guardian forces and the challengers are hostile?

At this thought, Qin Feng became more vigilant.

This old man is an earth-level powerhouse!

Even though his combat power is only 187 stars, if he uses the power of heaven and earth, his combat power should be close to 300 stars, which is equivalent to himself.

Just when Qin Feng was analyzing in his heart, the third elder had already approached.

He looked down at Qin Chuan condescendingly: "Boy, take a walk with this old man!"

Qin Feng frowned: "Who is your Excellency? Why should I go with you?"

The third elder smiled coldly: "Our Cang clan would like to invite you to be a guest!"

"Sorry! I'm not interested here!"

"Don't eat toast! Eat fine wine!"

The third elder snorted impatiently.

He wasn't even interested in putting on a suit.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

You must know that in the early days of the world, the guardian has an advantage, that is, he knows a lot of information in advance.

And the challenger is clueless.

In other words, the challenger is in the light, and the guardian is in the dark.

The old man can completely take advantage of the poor information, pretend to be good to Qin Feng, and give Qin Feng a trick.

But Qin Feng's level is too low, and he is in the realm of human level.

The third elder didn't take Qin Feng seriously at all.