Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A kid who is only level 17, is it worth his ignorance?

If he hadn't promised Canggo and the others that he needed to capture this kid alive, he would have slapped him to death long ago.

"Little thief! How dare you refuse! Courting death!"

Boom~!

In just a moment, the three elders burst out with aura.

In the next second, he made a seal in his right hand and let out a low growl.

"Petrochemical!"

Immediately, a strange force of earth and energy rose from the soles of Qin Feng's feet and spread throughout his body along his legs.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the power of the earth went, Qin Feng's legs began to petrify, and extended towards his body at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"roll!"

Qin Feng was furious.

Swish~!

In just a split second, he split into three and released two phantom clones.

The three elders were stunned.

But without waiting for the third elder to think about it, the two avatars slammed the thunder at the same time.

Suddenly, above the ten thousand feet in the sky, the wind and clouds changed color, and two wild thunders with thick arms descended from the sky and slashed directly at the third elder.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Thor sounded!

Shockingly changed!

That is the fourth-order skill - Thunder Sensation!

This mad thunder bombardment can not only restrain ghosts, but the single attack power is also super powerful.

After the three elders were startled, their eyes showed disdain.

He could see that the two in front of him were just Qin Feng's avatars.

A small world human who is only level 17, his clone strength must be very average.

However, he still has to resist one or two.

Thinking of this, he also made a seal on his left hand.

Om~!

A protective mask made of earth element force instantly formed around him.

At the same time, the mad thunder fell!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two mad thunders bombarded the mask!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

The first mad thunder split the mask into cracks.

The second mad thunder smashed the mask directly, and Yu Wei bombarded the third elder.

Boom~!

A burst of electric light intertwined!

The third elder was electrocuted until his entire body was blackened, his hair stood on end, and blue smoke came from his mouth.

The seal in his hand was also completely dissipated.

At this point, the three elders were extremely horrified.

It was just two clones joining forces, which broke his defense and seriously injured him with electricity.

This time, he suddenly felt bad, and quickly thought about it.

Boom~!

Suddenly, the situation between heaven and earth changed color, and the energy of countless earth rushed towards him.

At this moment, he wants to use his full strength to summon the power of heaven and earth for his own use.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's body flashed with blue light.

The power of B-level wood-type talent is activated!

To Mu Ke soil!

The petrified parts of his legs were instantly destroyed, and the petrified surfaces shattered one after another, revealing white jade-like skin.

The three elders were frightened when they saw it, and the secret was not good, so he turned around and ran away.

To be able to break his petrification technique, the two clones are so powerful.

He subconsciously felt that Qin Feng was too strong.

I'm afraid I can't deal with it alone.

He has to go back to get rescues!

But the moment he turned around, he was horrified to find that he couldn't move.

He looked down quickly and found that in Qin Feng's shadow, countless tentacles stretched out and wrapped around his legs.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

It was at this moment that the two avatars launched a mad thunder once again.

The three elders were horrified, and once again moved the seal to form a mask, guarding the whole body.

At this moment, the power of heaven and earth has poured into him.

His combat power has reached 291 stars, and the power of the protective mask is several times stronger.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two mad thunders bombarded the mask.

The mask was completely blocked, but the light was dim, and some cracks appeared.

Before the third elder could breathe a sigh of relief, a cold light lit up in the field.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

The dark night sky knife slashed down!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood shot!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split the three elders into two halves.

The three elders didn't even have time to let out a scream, so they fell to the ground and died.

In just two face-to-face encounters, Qin Feng beheaded an earth-level powerhouse.

His strength is getting stronger and stronger.

At this time, a gust of breeze blew, and a faint smell of blood wafted in the air.

The next second, a dazzling red light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[657 Killing the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +1 million energy points. 】

[Kill the guardian (prefecture-level realm) successfully, you get +327 attributes. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was so shocked that he almost thought he heard it wrong.

No way?

Killing a guardian can actually get 1 million ability points.

This is comparable to killing a pack of beasts.

In addition, he also got 327 attributes!

Is all this true?

Qin Feng quickly opened the property panel to check.

After reading this, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

Ha ha!

That's true.

Today, his level progress is 37.3% at level 17.

Free attribute points also skyrocketed by 327 points.

The harvest is really great!

Killing guardians is really cool!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The challenger and the guardian are hostile, and you can get a lot of rewards for killing each other. 】

[Reminder: The amount of rewards you get will be assessed according to the target's strength and level. 】

[Reminder: Killing the guardian of the heaven-level realm will bring unexpected surprises. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was stunned.

Immediately, his eyes showed joy.

He seems to have found a shortcut to quickly improve his strength.

However, it is not true that Tiandao suggests that there are heaven-level guardians, right?

If so, that would be terrible.

Don't want so much, he should deal with the scene now.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the old man's body.

At first glance, he saw the storage ring in the old man's hand.

He hurried forward, took off the storage ring, and looked into the ring.

When he saw this, he had a look of joy on his face.

Chapter 175 Shocking Time Limit! Terrible!

I saw that in the old man's storage ring, there were actually two pieces of fourth-order equipment, a long sword, a piece of armor, and several miscellaneous pieces of equipment.

In addition, there are a lot of spirit grass, as well as various strange materials.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Among them, there are more than 30 second-order material green wood cores.

Looking at the space for the storage ring, it is also larger than the space for your own storage ring.

It turned out to be an intermediate storage ring, and its value was ten times that of a primary storage ring.

The storage ring is also a rare resource.

good! good!

This time the harvest is really not small!