Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng put away the storage ring with satisfaction.

Then, he stepped forward to extract the old man's body.

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the B-level talent - the mystery of the earth! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[The evolution of talent failed... Your soil talent is still at the B level. 】

Failed!

It's a pity!

However, Qin Feng was not surprised.

The higher the talent level, the more difficult it is to evolve.

Breaking from B-level to A-level is not easy.

At least, it won't be as easily promoted as he was before.

Subsequently, Qin Feng continued to extract.

This old man is a level 35 existence. If it exceeds level 20, it can be extracted twice.

[The endless extraction is successful, and 20 points of strength attribute are obtained. 】

good! good!

Extracting the guardian is awesome!

He actually gave him 20 attributes.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

In the dark, the way of heaven is also stimulating the challenger and the guardian to kill each other.

After the extraction, Qin Feng scoured the corpse, and was pleasantly surprised to find that the boots on the old man's feet were also Tier 4 equipment.

He gladly put away his boots, and released a cloud of Hell Sky Yan, turning the old man's body into ashes.

After cleaning up the battlefield, Qin Feng checked the free attribute points again, and it had accumulated to 1427 points.

Except for the 327 attributes obtained by killing the old man, the rest are all subordinates who broke through the 30-star combat power and fed back.

The villagers in Longyuan Village are very powerful. More and more people have broken through to level 10. The attribute points fed back to Qin Feng have been accumulating and never stopped.

At the moment, Qin Feng added the points smoothly, and the combat power soared to 329 stars.

The strength has been greatly improved again!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, have you activated the mission token? Everyone is a little worried!"

Qin Feng wondered: "What are they worried about?"

Qiyue: "They are worried that the S-level task will be too difficult? If the first stage task is too difficult, if you can't complete it, you won't be able to save all the Dragon Country compatriots."

Qin Feng: "That's right! I'll activate the token now and take a look at the mission content of the first stage."

Having said that, he took out a golden token, which was the S-level mission order.

[S-level mission order: Activate this token to get an S-level public mission - a god-level village. 】

[Reminder: This task is divided into five stages, and the difficulty will increase gradually. Once activated, the first stage tasks can be viewed. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and felt a little nervous for no reason.

S-rank mission!

Once activated, it cannot be stopped.

He didn't dare to say that he would definitely be able to do it.

However, in order to save all his compatriots, he must fight.

At the moment, Qin Feng concentrated his thoughts and started to activate...

Om~!

After a while, the quest token lit up with a dazzling golden light, and then turned into a golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body...

In the next second, the Heavenly Dao announcement resounded throughout Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng activated the S-level task order, and Longyuan Village obtained the S-level public task - God-level Village. 】

[Reminder: The content of the first stage task has been released and can be viewed on the public task channel. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village was a sensation.

Afterwards, everyone entered the public task channel to view the task content.

At the same moment, Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the task channel.

Sure enough, there is an S-rank task in the public task channel.

He quickly pulled down the task interface and saw the task content of the first stage.

Seeing this, he was stunned for a moment.

But the next second, he was ecstatic.

Ha ha!

Wouldn't it be so coincidental?

Is this first stage mission real?

[The first stage of the task of the god-level village, the difficulty level is D. 】

[Task content 1: Go to Tayue Town, kill the ghost, and get the task item: 500 soul stones. 】

[Task content 2: Go to Tayue Town, kill the king of ghosts, and get the task item: Crystal of the Soul King. 】

[Reminder: Submit all the task items with one click, you can complete the tasks of this stage and get rewards. 】

[Reminder: The ghost is a level 30 evil, and its combat power is assessed at 74 stars. 】

[Reminder: The King of Ghosts is a level 33 king-level evil creature, with an earth-level realm, 200-star combat power assessment, and control of the state under heaven and earth, with a combat power exceeding 300 stars. 】

[Reminder: The task has been activated, and the completion time limit is 24 hours. If the time limit is not completed, the judgment task fails, and the god-level village task disappears. 】

Ha ha!

Seeing this, Qin Feng felt very happy.

He had already killed all the ghost kings and all the ghosts, and he had ready-made quest items in his hands.

As long as he submits those quest items, the quest of the first stage can be completed immediately.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to take quest items from the storage ring.

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Village, everyone was noisy.

"My God! Isn't this first stage mission too difficult?"

"Yeah! Those ghosts are level 30 evil creatures! The combat power has reached 74 stars, and the boss has to kill at least 500 to collect 500 soul stones!"

"It's okay to say, that ghost king is terrible! It turned out to be a 200-star combat power!"

"What 200 stars? You didn't read the prompt. After the ghost king controls the power of heaven and earth, the combat power can exceed 300 stars!"

"God! 300 stars! It's over! It's over! The boss shouldn't be its opponent!"

The villagers wailed.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

300 star combat power!

They couldn't even imagine it.

At this time, Qiyue appeared.

Qiyue: "Everyone, this is a public task, which means that everyone needs to take action together to deal with those evil ghosts and ghost kings. If we take action together in the whole village, there is still hope."

Liu Yuan: "Hey! Miss Qiyue, your thinking is too simple. My strength in Longyuan Village is pretty good, but my combat strength is only 43 stars, so I can't even deal with a ghost. In this way, Even if we all go together, we won't be able to beat the ghosts!"

Wu Yong: "Yeah! This task is too difficult! It's really too difficult! In my opinion, its difficulty is not D-level at all, at least B-level!"

Liu Xuan also smiled bitterly: "Everyone, this is the first stage of an S-rank mission, and its difficulty can't be judged by common sense. In short, this mission can't be done! It's too difficult!"

Qi Yue was not reconciled: "If you don't try, how do you know you won't win?"

At this time, Qishan also appeared.

Qishan: "Hey! Yue'er, this old man thinks everyone is right. This task is really difficult to exaggerate. If nothing else, we can't beat the ghost king level. It's an existence at the prefecture level."

Qi Yun: "Yue'er, Grandpa is right! The gap between the Earth-level realm and our human-level realm is too great. I have never heard of a person at the human-level realm who can defeat the earth-level realm. Although the master is very strong, but He's still at the human level. Letting him kill the Ghost King is a bit embarrassing for him!"

Qiyue: "But but"

The little girl was a little unwilling, but she didn't know what to say.

When the villagers heard this, they were secretly surprised.

Only at this moment did they know that the world was originally divided into realms, and the difference between the earth level and the human level was still so big!

Knowing this information, everyone is even more pessimistic.

At this time, Qishan sighed again: "Hey! If the master passes the Shengwu assessment and is promoted to the prefecture-level realm, it is still possible to complete this task."

"Unfortunately, he has just arrived at the Vientiane Temple, and he has not yet reached the level to participate in the Holy Martial Examination. This task will be difficult."

Qiyun also said: "It is difficult to determine the duration of the Shengwu assessment, and the time limit for this task is to complete within 24 hours. Even if the master goes to participate in the Shengwu assessment now, and then goes back to do the task, it will be too late."

Liu Xuan: "Hey! Listening to what the two of you said, the boss finally got the S-rank opportunity, and it will disappear like this!"

Lei Jue: "Yeah! What a pity!"

Longshan: "Hey! It seems that our wish to increase the population and save all our compatriots is doomed to fail!"

But as soon as these words fell, the sky above Longyuan Village shook, and an ethereal voice resounded throughout the audience.

[Task Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has submitted the task items, and the first stage task of the god-level village has been completed! 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked.

What? !

Boss has completed the task? !

This is too fast!

Everyone was dumbfounded and almost thought they had heard it wrong.

In the next second, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of the village.

Chapter 176 Continuous rewards, super synthesis!

At this moment, the chat channel was completely fried.

"God! Am I dreaming? The boss has already completed the task?"

"Upstairs, the boss has really completed the task! We have all heard the hint of Heaven!"

"My God! It's unbelievable that the boss has completed such a difficult task!

"The boss is awesome! The boss is mighty!"

Liu Xuan: "A ghost king with 300 stars! The boss actually killed it! How did he do it?"

Longshan: "I can't imagine it anymore! It seems that we all underestimated the strength of the boss before."

Qishan: "Everyone, we are not underestimating, but far underestimating the strength of the master. It takes less than a minute for the master to complete the task from the time he receives it!"

Qiyun: "Yeah! It's so fast, it's unimaginable! The master is a god!"

Qiyue: "Hee hee~! I'll just say it! The master will definitely win!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.