Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Unconsciously, Qin Feng once again refreshed the height in the eyes of everyone.

Everyone's admiration for Qin Feng has already fallen to the ground.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Task reminder: Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng for completing the first stage of the task, and rewarding Longyuan Village ten times the population limit. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the crowd cheered again.

"Haha! That's great! The population cap has finally been raised!"

"So, the population limit of our Longyuan Village has reached 50,000."

"Haha! Great! All compatriots are saved!"

"God! I'm so excited!"

"I'm going to the regional channel now, to reassure those compatriots, and let them not be pessimistic."

"That's right! Hurry up and make arrangements! I heard that some compatriots are so pessimistic that they want to commit suicide 607!"

"So exaggerated?"

"It's true. Our villages in Longguo are fine. In those white-skinned villages, some people can't stand the pressure and commit suicide."

"Not only did some people start killing themselves, but some people started going crazy and slashing each other!"

"It's not surprising! The white-skinned people are used to selfishness. When faced with great pressure, there is no big picture, and there is no spirit of self-denial. They don't live well, and they don't want others to live well. They kill each other. , not surprising."

"Yeah! By the way, Sakurajima is even more exaggerated. Some of their mentally broken men and women are starting to mess with each other."

"Heh! Upstairs, Sakurajima is notorious for being an idiot. Forget it, let's not talk about those bastards. Their lives are none of our business."

"That's right! Let's hurry to appease those compatriots!"

At the moment, everyone entered the regional channel one after another.

At this moment, everyone was excited.

At the same moment, at the Temple of Vientiane.

Qin Feng stood on the Tianji Square excitedly.

Heavenly Dao's personal reminder to him sounded in his ears.

[Task reminder: Congratulations on completing the first stage of the task, rewarding 500 attribute points. 】

[Task reminder: congratulations on completing the first stage of the task, and rewarding a super synthetic card (third stage). 】

[Task reminder: Congratulations on completing the first stage of the task, and reward the title chance card (fourth stage). 】

As soon as the reminder was over, the sky shook, and a beam of light fell on Qin Feng's head.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, his attribute points skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, his attribute points increased by 500 points.

Immediately afterwards, a second beam of light descended from the sky.

The two divine cards slowly fell along the beam of light.

He connected the two **** cards and looked at one of them.

[Super Synthesis Card: Tier 3 God Card, which is an advanced card for treasure chest synthesis cards. With this card, five dark treasure chests can be combined into one purple diamond treasure chest. 】

good! good!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The Purple Diamond Chest is one level higher than the Dark Treasure Chest.

It has a 98% probability of opening a sixth-order treasure, and a 2% probability of opening a seventh-order treasure.

It would be great if he could get a purple diamond treasure chest.

It seemed that he was about to start collecting dark treasure chests.

At present, he has four golden treasure chests and several treasure chest synthesis cards.

As long as he collects enough gold chests, he can close the purple diamond chest.

By the way, the old man he killed just now got three pieces of Tier 4 equipment from him, which can be exchanged for gold treasure chests!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng summoned Qiyue.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er!"

Qiyue: "Master, what are your orders?"

Qin Feng: "There are a few fourth-order equipment in this storage ring. You can take it to the regional channel to help me exchange for the golden treasure chest. By the way, the synthetic cards will also continue to be purchased."

Qiyue: "Okay!"

Swish~!

Qin Feng's mind moved, and he passed the storage ring of the third elder into the zero-dimensional space.

The next second, in zero-degree space.

Qiyue stayed in her level 3 wooden house.

Beside her, there is Qin Feng's sixth-order battle pet egg.

Under the blessing of her time force field, the pet egg is hatching at an accelerated rate.

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of her, and a storage ring appeared out of thin air.

Qiyue hurriedly took over the storage ring and began to deal with it...

With this zero-degree space, the communication between her and the master is very convenient.

But on the other hand, Qin Feng finished dealing with the storage ring and looked at the second divine card.

[Title Chance Card: Tier 4 God Card, a special God Card for obtaining the blessings of the heavens. After being activated with blood essence, you can get a title chance, and each person has only one chance. 】

"Everyone only gets one chance? Interesting."

Qin Feng was curious in his heart, and quickly broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it to the **** card.

Om~!

As soon as the blood essence drops, the divine card is activated, and the divine pattern on it flows.

Then, the divine card turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

The next second, Tiandao sent a prompt.

[Congratulations on activating the title chance card and getting the novice supreme title chance. 】

[Novice Supreme: When the combat power reaches 500 stars and the prestige reaches 200 points, this title can be obtained. 】

[Reminder: This title chance will only appear if the chance card is activated. 】

[Reminder: You must meet the above requirements before the end of the novice assessment in order to get the title. After the novice assessment period has passed, and the standard has not been met, the opportunity for the title will automatically expire. 】

good! good!

Another chance.

Qin Feng was delighted.

The Novice Supreme is obviously one level higher than the Novice Human Sovereign.

So far, he has not found a novice supreme, even those who are strong in the world have no one.

Maybe after getting this title, there will be many hidden benefits.

At least if you get it, the attribute rewards you can get will not be less.

However, it is not easy to get the Novice Supreme!

It actually required that before the end of the novice assessment, the combat power should reach 500 stars and the reputation should reach 200 points.

Qin Feng's current combat power is 329 stars, and his reputation is 144 points. There is still a big gap from this standard.

Besides, there are less than three days before the end of the novice assessment.

By the way, time is running out, he should save his compatriots.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He now has a sufficient population limit, and is about to go to other Dragon Country villages.

With this in mind, he looked up at the sky.

Above that ten thousand feet in the sky, there is an incomparably huge temple hanging high, and most of the temple is hidden in the clouds.

Then the second heaven of the Vientiane Temple - the Wanxiang Temple.

Wanxiang Hall can lead to tens of thousands of areas and tens of thousands of villages, and it is the transportation hub of this big world.

There are also ladders hanging down from it, reaching as high as 10,000 feet.

Vientiane Nine Heavens.

The first layer of the temple and the first layer of heaven.

The weights are ten thousand feet high, and the sky is endless.

If Qin Feng wants to go to other Longguo Villages, he must enter Wanxiang Hall.

Boom~!

With just a thought, Qin Feng released the wings of the wind and flew to Wanxiang Hall.

At the same time, by the Tongtian Lake.

Kurago and his party were already impatiently waiting.

"Second elder, what's the matter? The third elder has been up for a while, why didn't he come back for a long time?"

"It won't be an accident, will it?"

"Yeah! Just now, there was a lot of thunder on the temple, and I don't know what happened. I always have a bad premonition!"

Canggo, Kurosawa, and the others were talking a lot, and all of them looked worried.

The second elder frowned slightly, and the more he thought about it, the more uneasy he became.

"Everyone, wouldn't it be the person we were looking for, just above the temple, and then bumped into by the third elder?"

"I don't think it's possible! Even if it is true, with the strength of the third elder, he has already subdued that person, so he shouldn't have been down for so long."

"That's right! After all, the human beings in the Xiaoqian World are only one and a half steps. It's easy for the third elder to deal with him."

Up to now, these people still don't take Qin Feng seriously.

However, the long absence of the third elder still made them a little uneasy.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Immediately, the second elder said: "Don't talk too much, this old man go up and have a look. The eight of you also climb up the ladder to the sky. Cangwu and Kurosawa will stay by the lake to guard. If they encounter that person, they will immediately go up. contact us."

"Yes! Second Elder!"

At the moment, the people are divided into two groups.

The second elder took the eight people to the Temple of Vientiane, while Cangwu and Heizawa stayed by the lake.

Chapter 177 The mission is unknown, go to the second heaven again!

However, Qin Feng said that while flying to Wanxiang Hall, he added some points to himself.

Now that he is pressed for time, he has to deal with some trivial matters even when he is on the road.

In just a moment, he added the 500 attribute points he had obtained before, and his combat power soared to 337 stars again.

It made him feel good!

Having said that, the quest rewards in the first stage are really generous!

Just raising the population limit of Longyuan Village by ten times is already an extremely rewarding reward.

Unexpectedly, it also rewarded Qin Feng with 500 attributes, and two very useful-God cards.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more satisfied he became.