Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

By the way, the rewards in the first stage are so generous, and the quest rewards in the second stage should be even more generous.

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly opened the task channel to check the progress of the task.

He has completed the task of the first stage, and the content of the second stage of the task should also come out.

This check, the taskbar really has an update.

[The second stage of the task of the god-level village, the difficulty is C level. 】

[Task content: There is no trigger yet, you need to go to the bottom of Tongtian Lake to trigger the task opportunity. 】

[Reminder: If the opportunity is not triggered within 48 hours, the mission will be regarded as a complete failure. 】

[Time counting: 00:02:47…00:02:48….00:02:49….]

hiss~!

This task is really perverted!

Don't prompt anything, just let him go to the bottom of Tongtian Lake to trigger the opportunity, and there is a time limit.

Fortunately, there are 48 hours to trigger the opportunity, and he is not in a hurry to do it.

At present, for him, the most urgent thing is to save those Dragon Country compatriots.

There are only three days left for the novice assessment time.

The sooner they are recruited into Longyuan Village, the more people can be saved.

If the recruitment time is too late, even if they are brought into Longyuan Village, they may not be able to survive.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the task channel and sped up to the Wanxiang Hall...

At this moment, Qi Yue's happy voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I just went to the regional channel to exchange gold treasure chests, and I got four at once."

Qin Feng was surprised: "so many? How did you do it?"

Qi Yue said happily: "Hee hee! As soon as I said that you wanted to buy the golden treasure chest, there were immediately people from four Dragon Country villages who volunteered to trade with me."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng: "Not bad! Not bad! By the way, only three of the equipment I gave you are Tier 4 equipment. How did you get four golden treasure chests?"

Qiyue: "There is also a golden treasure chest, which I exchanged for ten second-order equipment."

Qin Feng was surprised,

Exchange ten second-tier equipment for a golden treasure chest, that's a big profit!

strangeness! Why would the other party prefer to suffer a loss and exchange it with himself?

Qin Feng just wanted to ask, and Qiyue said it.

Qiyue: "Master, the person who changed that was Li Ying from 618 Village. She knew that you needed the golden treasure chest, so she immediately traded it. She just wanted you to become stronger, so that she could better save their village. people, so I would rather suffer a little bit of a loss.”

Qin Feng was stunned, and after thinking about this favor, he accepted it.

That being the case, he was the first to go to 618 Village to recruit new villagers.

Qiyue: "Master, now the people of Longyuan Village are all on the regional channel to appease the compatriots in the Dragon Country. Those compatriots all know that you are going to their village to recruit them, and they are ready to come."

"Now, all the compatriots of the Dragon Country have pinned their hopes on you alone. What everyone cares most about is when will you be able to enter their village?"

Qin Feng: "It's not clear! I have to rush to Wanxiang Hall first and see the specific situation to find out."

Speaking of this, Qin Feng was also a little uneasy.

Who knew that after arriving at the Wanxiang Temple, there would be special requirements that would prevent him from entering other villages for a long time.

And what he is most afraid of delaying now is time.

Hope it goes well this time!

Qiyue: "Master, there is one more thing to tell you. Some people in the regional channel, they heard that you are going to recruit people in other Longguo villages, they are so sour!"

"They all sneered at each other, saying that you are just bragging, saying that you can never enter other villages. That is a joke!"

Qin Feng sneered: "Don't talk nonsense with those dying people! Go ahead and buy the golden treasure chest."

Qiyue: "Well, Yue'er will go now!"

At the moment, Qin Feng and Qiyue ended the conversation.

In a short while, he had already flown to Wanxiang Hall.

The Wanxiang Hall is also incomparably huge, so high that it can't see the top, towering into the sky.

roar~!

At this moment, with a strange cry, a huge flying fox with wings on its back and a snow-white body swooped towards Qin Feng.

This is the guardian spirit beast of the second heaven.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look up at Feihu.

At the same moment, the flying fox was also looking at him, but his eyes were full of doubts.

How did this 17th-level human break into the second heaven?

Could it be that he has crossed the first day?

This is absolutely impossible!

It can't believe that a human who is only level 17 can pass the level of the flying feathered snake.

But at this moment, Qin Feng flicked his index finger, and a burst of energy shot out from his fingertips.

puff~!

A soft sound!

The flying fox's head was shot in the opposite direction by the force...

[Successfully kills the level 35 flying white fox (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points. 】

[The first kill of the level 35 flying white fox (mutation level) is successful, you get +3 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 35-level Flying White Fox (mutant level) successfully, the passing order (two-layered sky) was released. 】

good!

Gained 3 more reputation.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Prestige is one of the things he needs most right now.

Because he wants to get the richness of Novice Supreme within three days.

With these 3 reputation points, his reputation has accumulated to 147 points.

At the moment, Qin Feng flew forward, picked up the pass order of the Second Heaven, and continued to fly to the temple in front.

It didn't take long for him to put his feet on the ground and set foot on the square of Wanxiang Hall.

At the moment Qin Feng stepped onto the Wanxiang Square, nine figures appeared one after another on the Tianji Square under the ten thousand feet.

The two elders and nine people also rushed to the Tianji Temple

Chapter 178 Mysterious Space Stone

But it was said that the two elders and the nine people divided into two groups as soon as they arrived at Tianji Square.

Searching all the way in the square, all the way into the Temple of Heaven.

A quarter of an hour later, the two groups of people gathered, but they found nothing.

"Second Elder, we have just entered the Temple of Heaven's Secret. There is no challenger from our big world, nor the third elder."

"Strange! There is no Third Elder in this square. Where did he go?"

Everyone looked at each other.

The second elder also frowned.

Naturally, they didn't know that the third elder had been destroyed by Qin Feng long ago.

"Could it be that the three elders went to Wanxiang Hall?"

The second elder muttered and looked up at the sky.

Then, he said: "Go! Go to Wanxiang Hall to see! Maybe the third elder found something and went to Wanxiang Hall, so he didn't go back for so long."

"Makes sense!"

"Second elder, go to Wanxiang Hall and climb the ten-thousand-zhang heavenly ladder. It's okay, that is, the guarding spirit beast, the flying white fox, is very powerful."

"Yeah! That guy has a 130-star combat power. Back then, after a **** battle, I was lucky enough to defeat it and gain the permanent qualification to enter the Second Heaven."

"Hey! I went up seven times in a row, and I lost and fought many times. It was the last time I defeated the Flying White Fox and obtained the permanent qualification to enter the second heaven."

"Yeah! It's not bad to be able to obtain the qualifications of the second-level heaven in the half-step prefecture level."

Speaking of this, these people's faces are a bit sullen.

It turns out that the half-step prefecture-level powerhouses are also divided into levels, namely the first layer, the second layer, and the third layer.

The first layer of heaven is able to defeat the Feathered Feather Snake and step into the Heavenly Secret Palace.

Erzhongtian is able to defeat the flying white fox and step into the Wanxiang Hall.

Sanzhongtian is able to defeat the flying mad wolf and step into the Holy Martial Hall.

To be able to reach the level of the third heaven, it means that there is a chance to pass the Shengwu assessment.

However, the Flying Mad Wolf has a combat power of 150 stars, which is very powerful.

It is extremely difficult to get past it.

None of these people are at the triple heaven level.

Because of this, they have been stuck in the half-step prefecture-level realm and have not been promoted to the prefecture-level.

Although as long as the combat power reaches 100 stars, you are eligible to participate in the holy martial arts assessment, but you must also have the strength to break into the triple genius line.

"Second Elder, I think that person has the strength of the first layer of heaven at most. He has not yet reached the second layer of heaven. He is not capable of going to the Wanxiang Hall, right?"

"That's right! The half-step Earth level of a small thousand worlds won't be that strong."

There was still pride in these people's voices.

In their bones, they didn't take Qin Feng seriously.

The second elder pondered for a while and said: "Perhaps the third elder went to Wanxiang Hall to find something new, not necessarily to follow the person. I'll go and see it soon! He hasn't returned for so long, after all, it makes people feel uneasy. ."

"That's right!"

Immediately, a group of people rushed to Wanxiang Hall...

At the same time, Qin Feng was studying a teleportation array in Wanxiang Square.

The teleportation array is located in the center of the square, dozens of times larger than the ordinary teleportation array.

It is carved with mountains, rivers, water, wind, rain, thunder and lightning, sun, moon, and stars.

It is also engraved with many divine patterns, such as one yuan pattern, two instrument pattern, three talent pattern, four elephant pattern, five elements pattern, Liuhe pattern, seven star pattern, eight pole pattern, nine yao pattern and so on.

The weather is extraordinary!

[Universal Teleportation Array: Using this array, you can teleport to any corner of this big world. 】

[Reminder: To use a universal teleportation array once, you need to consume a space stone (level 3). 】

[Reminder: Space Stone (Tier 3) can be purchased in the Universal Hall. 】

[Reminder: It is recommended to purchase a return card (level 3 card) before sending, and use this card to return to the square immediately. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

He finally knew how to get to other Dragon Country villages.

Just buy some space stones.

In addition, a return card must also be purchased.

In this way, after he completes the recruitment in a Dragon Country village, as long as he uses the return card, he can return to this place instantly.