Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Then, he can immediately go to the second Dragon Country village.

This is very convenient!

However, are the space stones and return cards expensive?

He doesn't seem to have a common currency in this world either.

I don't know what is the universal currency of this world?

Is it a power stone?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little uneasy.

If he wants to go to sixteen Dragon Country villages, he has to buy sixteen space stones and sixteen return cards.

He was a little worried that he couldn't afford that much, and thus couldn't save all his fellow citizens.

If you don't want to do this first, you will know when you enter the hall.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode to the end of the square, and the entrance of Wanxiang Hall was in front.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to walk to the entrance of the temple.

The entrance is also a huge portal of light, emitting a dazzling white light, making it difficult to see what is in the hall.

Qin Feng took out the pass and stepped into the teleportation door.

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The pass in his hand automatically lit up with silver light, then turned into a light group and poured into his body.

[Reminder: The pass order (Second Layer) has come into effect. From now on, you can freely enter and exit the Second Hall, and there will be no more guarding spirit beasts to block. 】

With a whirlwind, Qin Feng was instantly teleported.

After a while, he was down-to-earth and appeared in a corridor.

There are still white jade walls on both sides of the corridor, which are thousands of feet high, and are carved with various animal patterns, which is extraordinary.

Qin Feng stood in the middle of the corridor, as small as an ant.

Now, he has also figured out some of the situation.

There are 10,000 corridors like this in each temple, leading to 10,000 great worlds.

This appearance, Qin Feng hurriedly walked to the hall.

Time was running out and he had to hurry.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has entered the Wanxiang Hall, the second hall of Vientiane. 】

[Reminder: Only the top three people in each district who enter the various temples will have prestige rewards. 】

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village cheered again.

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up.

He almost forgot about it.

good! good!

With another 5 reputation points, his reputation value has reached 152 points, which is another big improvement.

Since there is an opportunity to gain reputation, he can't miss it.

Qin Feng waved his hand when he thought about it.

Swish~!

With a flash of white light, Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

"Master, I heard the prompt, you have entered the Wanxiang Hall!"

When the little girl saw Qin Feng, her face was full of surprise.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Qiyue has entered the second hall of Vientiane - Wanxiang Hall, becoming the second person to enter the hall in District 1, and has received a +5 reputation reward. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The villager Qiyue's reputation reaches 20 points and gets the title of novice general.... Strength +10, Agility +10, Constitution +10, Energy +10. 】

Om~!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qiyue's body, and the momentum on his body skyrocketed.

In a blink of an eye, she got a bonus of 40 attributes.

"Wow! Master, my title has been promoted!"

At this moment, the little girl was surprised.

In her heart, she was more and more grateful to Qin Feng, and more and more determined.

Follow the master to eat meat!

"Little girl, go back first!"

Qin Feng was also quite pleased.

The stronger the little girl is, the more help she will be to him.

"Well, master, will you be able to enter other Dragon Country villages right away?"

"I don't know yet. I have to buy space stones and return cards first, and I don't know what I need to buy them."

Qin Feng didn't hide it, and he was clueless.

"Oh, master, this is the golden treasure chest bought for you."

Qiyue took out four golden treasure chests as if offering treasures.

"Not bad!"

Seeing the treasure chest, Qin Feng was in a good mood and happily put it away.

As a result, he has eight golden treasure chests in his hand.

"By the way, Yue'er, you will go to the regional channel and talk to Li Ying, and prepare the people in their village. I will be the first to enter the 618 village to collect people."

"Yeah!" The little girl nodded obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and put it back into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he hurried to the end of the corridor.

It didn't take long before he reached the end and stepped into an incomparably grand hall.

[Reminder: You have entered the hall of Wanxiang Hall, you can purchase the corresponding transmission materials, and fighting is prohibited here. 】

The moment he stepped into the hall, a reminder came from Tiandao.

At the same time, he also heard some exclamations from the hall.

"Oh! This space stone is 0.6 too expensive!"

"Yeah! After buying the space stone, I can't afford the return card."

"I still want to buy three space stones! If I go on like this, I can only buy two."

"Hey! Look! There's someone here again!"

"It's him again!"

As these discussions stopped, a dozen sharp eyes swept over.

Qin Feng also looked up and saw that there were more than a dozen people in the hall, and it was in the first hall that he saw the sixteen people.

These people even came to buy space stones.

It seems that they are also upgrading the village and need to go to other novice villages to solve the problem of insufficient population.

However, Qin Feng doesn't care about these things.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Just now, these guys shouted that the space stone is too expensive, which made his heart shudder.

If the space stone is too expensive, it is not a good thing for him!

He is different from these people, these people can solve the population problem by going to one or two villages.

He is going to go to sixteen villages to save all the Dragon Country compatriots!

With this in mind, he quickened his pace and walked towards the hall.

He has to quickly check, what is the price of the space stone?

Chapter 179 Surprise! Turns out I'm so rich!

In front of the hall, there are seven altars.

On each altar is a crystal ball, each the size of a football.

As long as you put your hand on the crystal ball, you can communicate with the spirit of the temple and enter the purchase channel of the temple.

Qin Feng stepped up and walked to the altar next to him.

At this moment, there were some murmurs from the front.

"Before, this guy was the first to leave, but now he is the last to arrive. It can be seen that he is the weakest among us."

"Of course! After all, he is from Xiaoqian World!"

"Heh~! The old man estimates that he spent a lot of time killing the Feitian White Fox!"

"It's like this! Hey, I really don't understand, why the weakest among us can get the chance of S-level mission? Is Tiandao blind?"

"Hey! The old man can't figure it out. However, even if this person gets the opportunity of the S-rank mission, he can't complete it."

"Yeah! With his strength, he is not enough to complete the S-rank mission. Giving him that opportunity is purely a waste. Hey! What a pity!"

Among the crowd, someone whispered in a sour tone.

They are very unconvinced, why Qin Feng, the weakest, can get the S-level mission opportunity.

In particular, the old man and the man who got the B-level opportunity were even more unhappy in their hearts.

And Qin Feng's six senses are psychic, and his hearing talent is amazing.

Naturally, he listened to the muttering of these people.

He curled his lips, feeling a little disdain in his heart.

These people are really self-righteous.

Especially those people from the Great Thousand Worlds really thought he was the weakest.

If it wasn't for the fact that he had just left the house before, he had met the third elder of the Cang clan and fought with him for a while. After some delay, he would have arrived long ago.

All in all, these guys are a bit self-righteous.

Qin Feng was too lazy to argue with them.

Soon, he walked to the altar.

At this moment, the old man in the crowd muttered again.

"Look! This guy is going to buy space stones too."

"Haha! Space stones are very expensive, I'm afraid he can't even buy one."

"Yeah! It's still the novice assessment period, and resources are relatively scarce. It's not easy to make money. With his strength, he shouldn't be able to make much money."

"Don't say that he is a small thousand strong, even if I wait for a big thousand strong, the economic strength can only buy three or four space stones."

"That's right! I'm from the Middle Thousand World, and with my financial resources, I can only force you to buy two space stones. He, a powerhouse in the Small Thousand World, should be worse than me."

"It makes sense! The ability to make money is linked to strength. If I ask the old man to see, it would be good if this guy can afford a space stone."

"Hey! I'll wait to see how much he can afford?"

As soon as the voice fell, the strong people paid attention to Qin Feng with great interest.

Many of them wanted to see Qin Feng's jokes.