Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It seems that as long as Qin Feng is embarrassed, they can get some face back.

After all, they were completely crushed by Qin Feng in terms of mission opportunities, which made them feel shameless.

After all, losing to someone from a small world is not honorable.

At the same time, Qin Feng had already walked to the crystal ball of light.

At this moment, he also heard the discussion of the crowd, and also felt more than a dozen gazes, which were focused on his back.

This made him feel a little uneasy.

Especially these guys, who kept shouting about Space Shi Gui, making him very uneasy.

The next second, his hand was on the crystal ball.

The cold touch came from the palm, and the crystal ball also lit up with inspiration.

Om~!

The light is on!

A strange mental fluctuation was linked with Qin Feng's thoughts through the crystal ball as a bridge.

[Reminder: You have successfully linked with the Spirit of the Temple, and you have entered the Temple Mall interface. 】

As the prompt sounded, Qin Feng appeared in front of a mall interface that only he could see.

He quickly clicked on the commodity list and pulled out a series of commodity materials.

The top two materials are the space stone and the return card.

Qin Feng couldn't wait to look at the price of the space stone.

At this sight, he was stunned for a moment, and then his eyes showed ecstasy.

Ha ha!

The currency of this world is this!

Then he made a lot of money!

I only see that the list shows...

[Space Stone: Tier 3 Item]

[Price: 1300 Contribution Points]

Ha ha!

It turns out that the universal currency of this world is actually a contribution point.

Qin Feng doesn't have much else, so he contributes more.

Because he has mastered endless extraction, he can earn a lot of contribution points by extracting a novice short knife.

Today, he has 32,647 contribution points in his hands.

And there are more than a hundred thousand novice short knives in the Longyuan Village resource pool, waiting for him to deal with it!

With this calculation, he still has more than 400,000 contribution points to earn!

In addition, the spirit liquid business that Qiyue is responsible for receives a steady stream of contribution points every day.

The two superimposed, he can be said to be very rich!

And no one else has these two means.

Especially the first item, among the worlds, he is unique.

Qin Feng was excited.

And quickly looked at the price of the return card.

[Return Card: Tier 3 Items]

[Price: 200 Contribution Points]

The price is not bad, it is cheap.

In this way, he has to buy 16 space stones and 16 return cards, which is completely affordable.

However, Qin Feng did not buy it immediately.

He continued to look at the resource list to see if there were any supplies he needed.

There are more than a dozen kinds of materials on the resource list, all of which are third-order items.

There is even fire glaze, the main material for building a fourth-level wooden house.

All in all, these resources are very good.

Finally, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the bottom column.

[Space Upgrade Permission Card (Elementary): Fifth-Order Items]

[Effect: Using this card, the 0-order space can be raised to the 1-order space. 】

[Reminder: Raise the 0th-order space to the 1st-order space, and the space range will be expanded by at least ten times. 】

[Price: 30,000 contribution points. 】

what!

And this stuff!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

His zero-degree space belongs to the 0-order space.

If you use this card, you can upgrade to the first-order space!

That would be ten times bigger!

The zero-degree space is only about the size of mu, and since Qiyue's wooden house and the Lingquan well were put in, it seems a little cramped.

It would be great if it could be enlarged tenfold.

In this way, he can build more useful buildings in that space in the future, and even create a small world of his own.

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more feasible it becomes.

He was instantly moved.

But looking at the price of the space upgrade permission card, I was discouraged.

That one actually requires 30,000 contribution points, which is indeed a fifth-order material.

It seems that he has to hold off on buying.

After dealing with the matter of the Dragon Country compatriots, he will find a time to deal with those novice short knives, earn some contribution points, and then buy upgrade cards.

With a plan in mind, Qin 313 Feng began to buy space stones and return cards.

Since he could afford it, he bought more.

Qin Feng selected 20 space stones and 20 return cards, with a cumulative value of 30,000 contribution points.

He is direct, one-click purchase...

At the same time, in the main hall.

All the powerhouses are watching him silently.

Seeing that Qin Feng did not move for a long time, some strong men frowned impatiently.

"Why did this guy linger for a long time?"

"Yeah! Just look at the price of the space stone! If you want to buy it, hurry up and buy it! Why hasn't he moved for a long time?"

As soon as these words fell, the old man in the crowd sneered.

"Isn't that obvious? He probably can't even afford a space stone, so he's standing there worrying about it!"

"I see!"

"It's still my brother's insight!"

The old man was proud: "The old man said it a long time ago! The ability to make money is linked to the level of strength. Just this kid, hehe! A small thousand world..."

Before he finished speaking, there was movement in front of him.

Om~!

Above the temple, the sky shook.

A beam of light projected down and landed in front of Qin Feng.

"Hey! That kid actually bought it!"

Everyone was surprised.

The old man frowned: "No way! Can this kid afford one?"

At the same time as he spoke, he looked up at the top of the beam of light.

At this sight, his eyes widened, and his eyeballs were about to fall.

I saw that at the top of the beam of light, 20 sparkling space stones and 20 golden return cards were slowly falling along the beam of light...

This time, the audience was shocked!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Everyone was dumbfounded.

The whole hall became extremely silent again, and even a needle could be heard falling.

Chapter 180 Make another big profit!

In just a moment, those space stones and return cards fell in front of Qin Feng.

He happily took those treasures and put them into the storage ring.

The powerhouses watched this scene silently, with envy in their eyes.

Twenty space stones!

Worth 26,000 Contribution Points.

Plus 20 return cards, a total of 30,000 contribution points.

This is a huge fortune.

This guy is so rich!

The strong people were amazed in their hearts, and some people felt sour in their hearts, unable to hide their envy.

In the crowd, the old man was even more old-fashioned and looked a little embarrassed.

Before, he kept mocking Qin Fengqiong, but he didn't want to be slapped in the face by reality.

Of course, Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to this group of people.

He is running out of time, and he has to save those compatriots. How can he have time to pay attention to these self-righteous guys.

After he put away his belongings, he turned around and left.

Before long, there was a muttering sound behind him.

"What's the matter? This guy is obviously the weakest among us, why is he so rich?"

"Yeah! It's really confusing!"

"I always feel that this guy's luck is unbelievable. Before, he got an S-rank mission opportunity, which is already amazing. I didn't expect that this time he made a move, and it was also frighteningly generous!"

"Yeah! Like me and other experts in the Great Thousand Worlds, working hard and working hard, the contribution points earned are only a few thousand. How did he earn more than 30,000? How did he do it?"

"I'm also curious, how did he do it. Did he get it by strength?"

"Humph! The old man doesn't believe that he got it by his strength. It is estimated that the blind cat met the dead mouse and did a strange task, and won a lot of contribution points."

"30,000 contribution points! What quest has such a high reward?"

"Heh! The little girl doesn't think he got it because of the task. Maybe he really got it by strength."

At this moment, the powerhouses were talking a lot, and their hearts were full of puzzlement.

In short, they are extremely envious of Qin Feng's arrogance.