Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Everyone, I'll go out of the village now to see how strong the beasts are outside, and give you a head start!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he carried his rusted novice short knife and walked majestically to the outside of the novice village...

The crowd watched him silently.

Soon, Wang Qiang passed through the mask and left the Novice Village.

But not long after, there was a shrill scream from outside the village.

[Announcement: The novice Wang Qiang was killed by the level 1 beast Xuefang Rabbit! 】

In the next second, this announcement appeared in everyone's mind.

The audience was shocked!

Chapter 3 Surprise! Harvest continuously!

After a while, Wang Qiang, who was very powerful in the eyes of everyone, was killed.

It was still killed by the weakest level 1 beast.

Everyone was dumbfounded!

Survival in this world is much more difficult than they imagined.

Soon, a faint smell of blood came from outside the village.

That is Wang Qiang's blood.

It reminds everyone that this game really kills people.

Everyone was terrified.

At this time, Tiandao's prompt sounded again.

[Reminder: Level 1 beasts are rated 3 stars, level 2 beasts are 4 stars, level 3 beasts are 5 stars, and so on. 】

[The evaluation of combat power is based on the four-dimensional index, which is not included in the talent ability. 】

[Reminder: The novice village has a protective mask, and the beasts outside cannot enter, but after the novice protection period, they can enter. 】

Hearing these prompts, everyone panicked completely.

"Everyone, we can't wait to die here! We must kill monsters and upgrade, or we will die!"

"Team up! Let's form a team together! There are so many people and great strength!"

"That's right! Those who are willing to form a team, come to my side. Everyone shows their attributes and talents, so we can work together!"

"Makes sense!"

The crowd joined in.

Soon, everyone started teaming up with each other.

Liu Xuan, who has C-level talent, naturally became the most popular target.

More than a dozen people with D-level talent are also sought after.

Qin Feng watched all this silently, indifferent.

To form a team, he needs to show his attributes and talents, and he is not willing.

He didn't want to expose his trump card.

Soon, a thousand or so people formed a group of two hundred or so and set off in a mighty manner.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng was the only one left in the square, and fierce fighting sounded at the entrance of the village.

Soon, the sound of fighting at the entrance of the village stopped.

After all, human beings are numerous and powerful, killing the beasts at the entrance of the village.

After a while, the noise at the entrance of the village also disappeared.

Qin Feng knew that those teams were gone.

He should act too.

Thinking of this, he took a deep breath, carried the steel knife, and walked towards the entrance of the village.

After passing through the mask, he also saw the situation outside the village.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Outside is a meadow, with mountains and forests in the distance, as well as a river.

There are weeds and shrubs all over the place, some of which are more than one meter high, full of primitive wildness.

A gust of breeze blew, and a thick smell of blood wafted in the air.

It seemed to remind him that this was a world full of killing, and his life could be lost at any time.

He gripped the handle of the knife nervously and looked around carefully.

When he felt that there was no crisis around him, he moved forward cautiously.

Not long after he walked, he saw a corpse in Wang Qiang's.

Wang Qiang's chest was sunken, his stomach was cut open by the sharp claws of the beast, and his internal organs flowed out. The scene was so **** that one could not bear to look directly.

Qin Feng looked terrified.

Afterwards, he still bite the bullet and came to the corpse, enduring the strong smell of blood, and sticking one hand on Wang Qiang's body...

Om~!

His palms lit up with a white light...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the D-level talent - Power Madness! 】

Fuck it~!

Power crazy!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

This endless extraction is awesome!

He actually extracted Wang Qiang's innate ability.

At the moment, he hurriedly checked his talent column.

[Talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level), power madness (D level).

[Power madness: strength talent, strength tripled! 】

Sure enough, he has an extra talent.

His strength index is 8 points, and he has the talent of strength madness, which can be equivalent to the 24 points strength index of others.

This made his energy soar!

"It turns out that endless extraction is used like this!"

Qin Feng is full of expectations for the future.

Having said that, Wang Qiang's strength is not weak, but his characteristics are only strong, and his speed and defense are not as good as those of fierce beasts.

It seems that if you want to become stronger, you need to develop in a balanced way, and you cannot have weaknesses.

"Huh! That's..."

At this time, Qin Feng found out that there was a beast corpse lying in the grass more than ten meters ahead.

He walked over quickly and found that it was a huge rabbit with a length of 1.5 meters, covered with gray hair and two blood-colored fangs.

It should be the first-level vicious beast, the blood tooth rabbit, and the murderer of Wang Qiang.

However, it was beaten to death by the humans who came out from behind, and half of its head was chopped to pieces.

Qin Feng didn't care about that, he walked forward quickly and put one hand on the blood tooth rabbit...

Om~!

White light flashed!

A gentle energy was transmitted from the Bloodfang Rabbit to his body.

He suddenly felt warm all over his body, and his strength was increasing.

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 Strength Attributes! 】

So cool!

I actually got 2 strength attribute points!

This time, his strength index reached 10 points, finally reaching the normal value of an adult.

However, he has the talent of super strength enhancement, and his strength is tripled, which is comparable to other people's 30-point strength index.

By the way, can these corpses be extracted multiple times?

With a thought, he activated his talent again...

【Endless extraction failed! 】

[Reminder: Targets below level 20 will reach the upper limit after they are successfully extracted once. 】

I see!

Qin Feng was stunned.

continue!

He's going to keep looking for new corpses!

Continue the endless extraction!

By the way, the guys who formed the team have all left, and they should have hunted and killed a lot of beasts along the way.

Following the route of those people, he should still be able to pick up the body.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned around quickly, came to Wang Qiang's body, and picked up the rusted novice short knife.

This novice short knife, one hand.

Everyone is a transitional equipment, and no one cherishes it.

But in Qin Feng's hands, he can turn waste into treasure.

Thinking of this, he stroked the blade in his hand, and the palm of his hand lit up with white light.

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted the rust and residue of the novice short knife, and the novice short knife has been promoted to a refined steel knife. 】

[Exquisite Steel Knife: Attack Power +5, Tier 1 item. 】

good! good!

Got another tier 1 piece of equipment.

This harvest feels so wonderful!

At the moment, he carried a pair of knives, looked around, and found that there were more than a dozen routes around him.

He chose a route with the most footprints and followed...

With more people and more power, it is easier to kill beasts, and it is easier for him to pick up corpses.

Chapter 4 Picking Up! Another surprise!

Qin Feng just took a few steps, and an announcement came from Tiandao.

[Announcement: The novice Li Yue was killed by the level 1 vicious beast Rodent! 】

Qin Feng was shocked.

This is the second rookie to be killed, or in a group situation.

Explain that the situation the other party encounters is very dangerous.

With a thought, he quickly gave up the original route and chose a route with the fewest footprints to follow.

He thought of a problem, that is, when he extracted Wang Qiang, what he got was innate ability.