Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Attribute improvement is such a pleasure.

It's such a wonderful feeling!

He exhaled a puff of smoke and switched to the chat channel.

Everyone inside is looking for him, and the channel has been blasted.

"Boss Qin Feng, can you change your transaction to the corpse of a level 1 beast!"

"Yeah! We can only kill level 1 beasts, but not level 2 beasts. Where can we get the corpses of level 2 beasts?"

"Hey! Qin Feng, what do you want the corpses of those beasts for?"

"Nonsense! He must have used the corpses of vicious beasts to roast the meat. Perhaps the meat of a level 2 vicious beast would be more fragrant when roasted, so he only accepted the corpses of level 2 vicious beasts."

"Brother Qin Feng, I'm Liu Yuan. We are all level 3 masters. My ranking is just one rank higher than yours. How about you give me 6 pounds of barbecue? I will remember your favor."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Qin Feng wanted to laugh when he saw this.

This guy really treats himself as an onion!

At this moment, a sentence popped up in the chat channel.

"Liu Yuan, stop being self-righteous! Qin Feng needs your favor? Haha!"

The person who said this was actually Lei Jue.

In the face of Lei Jue's words, Liu Yuan did not respond immediately.

Also a D-level talent awakener, Lei Jue's awakening is lightning manipulation, which is considered the top among D-level talents.

Liu Yuan was a little afraid of Lei Jue.

[Reminder: Lei Jue exchanged the corpse of the 2-level beast, the savage ox, for your 3 pounds of barbecued meat. 】

what!

Qin Feng was a little surprised when he received this message.

It stands to reason that Lei Jue controls the lightning and has a way to make a fire, so he can cook by himself.

He actually took the initiative to exchange barbecue with himself.

This guy is funny!

At this moment, Wu Yong's message popped up again in the chat channel.

"Haha!! I just ate the barbecue! Qin Feng's barbecue tastes very good, fat but not greasy, very chewy, and after eating it, my physical strength recovers quickly. Laozi is back at his peak!"

"Boss Wu Yong, that barbecue is really so good!"

"Of course! Tonight, I will fight until dawn! I will never rest until I reach level 4!!"

Wu Yong's words were full of heroic fighting spirit.

The crowd watched with enthusiasm.

"Fuck! The effect of barbecue is so good! No way! I want to buy barbecue! I must buy barbecue!"

"I'm going to kill a level 2 beast in exchange for barbecue!"

"Oops! We've killed a level 2 beast before, and now we're going back and looking for the body!"

This time, Liu Yong's advertising effect came.

The people in the chat channel are like chicken blood...

Soon, Qin Feng received several more messages.

[Reminder: Gu Ming exchanged the corpse of the 2nd-level fierce beast, the lynx, for your 3 pounds of barbecued meat. 】

[Reminder: Zheng Ren used the corpse of the level 2 beast Sharp-clawed Black Monkey in exchange for your 3 pounds of barbecued meat. 】

[Reminder: Zhang Yiyi exchanged the corpse of a level 2 beast, a savage ox, for your 3 jins of barbecued meat. 】

...

Looking at the hot transaction information, Qin Feng was secretly happy.

Immediately, he casually sent a sentence in the chat channel.

"Everyone, the number of barbecues is limited, first buy, first serve!"

The chat channel was instantly fried.

"Fuck! I'm not mistaken! Big Qin Feng finally spoke, this is the first sentence he issued today!"

"Yeah! Qin Feng is a very low-key boss!"

"Not much to say! I'm going to find the corpse of a level 2 beast! I'm going to exchange barbecue with Qin Feng boss!"

"I'm going to kill level 2 beasts too! Then I'll ask Qin Feng to exchange for barbecue!"

"Boss Qin Feng's barbecue must be unusual!"

I heard that the number of barbecues is limited, everyone is in a hurry...

At this time, Qin Feng sent out a second sentence.

"Acquisition of a novice knife, 6 pounds of barbecue in exchange for a novice knife!"

After posting this sentence, he left the chat channel.

But the chat channel exclaimed again.

"Fuck~! Can a novice short knife be exchanged for barbecue?"

"I always thought that the novice short knife, a tier 0 equipment, had one person in hand. It was a transitional equipment, and it was scrap iron in the later stage. I didn't expect that Qin Feng would buy it!"

"Woo~! Woo~! I picked up a novice short knife and threw it away! No, I'm going to pick it up."

"Haha!! I have a spare novice short knife in my hand! I want to exchange barbecue with Qin Feng boss!"

...

But he said that Qin Feng was in the trading channel, and after adding settings, he backed out.

Afterwards, he took materials on the spot, cut four rabbit legs, and increased the amount of barbecue...

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

His business is booming.

In just one hour, he had changed to twenty-one level 2 vicious beast corpses, four novice short knives, and received a lot of money...

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Of course, these are just appetizers.

He has a lot of first-order exquisite steel knives, which have not been sold yet!

However, he had to deal with the corpses of those level 2 beasts first.

Immediately, he took out all the corpses of the twenty-one beasts and began to extract attributes in batches

Chapter 22 Lighters can also be exchanged for spiritual fruit

Twenty-one corpses of ferocious beasts, including water arrow giant frog, green-haired giant turtle, lynx, sharp-clawed black monkey, wild ox, and red-toothed black all six types of level 2 ferocious beasts.

This should contain all the 2nd-level beasts, and there are more than three of each...

After a quarter of an hour, Qin Feng completed the batch extraction.

Then, he couldn't wait to call up his attribute panel.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Level]: Level 3 (540/600)

[Occupation]: Level 1 Judge (10/100)

【Reputation】: 1

[Strength]: 91 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 96 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 93 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 110 (intensive mind, D-level, visual hypersensitivity, E-level; olfactory enhancement, F-level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level),

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat evaluation]: 9 stars

Fuck it~!

After this extraction, his combat power assessment reached 9 stars.

Easily another star!

It was so cool.

With his current strength, he can directly hunt down level 5 or higher beasts.

As for the level 2 beasts, he didn't need to kill them anymore.

After this transaction, he has extracted all the six 2nd-level beasts to the upper limit. There is no need to extract any more, so naturally there is no need to hunt them...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the trading channel and modified the trading rules.

Exchange 3 pounds of barbecue for a level 2 beast corpse, and change it to 10 pounds of barbecue for a level 3 beast corpse.

After the modification, he entered the chat channel.

As soon as he entered, a surprising message popped up inside.

"Selling barbecue! Selling barbecue! 50 pounds of barbecue in exchange for a piece of Tier 1 equipment!"

When the news came out, everyone was in an uproar.

"Fuck~! Just want to change to a Tier 1 equipment for 50 pounds of barbecue? Upstairs, you didn't wake up, did you?"

"Everyone is in the novice stage now, and the rate of beast explosions is extremely low. I'm afraid that the entire novice village has few tier 1 equipment. You actually want to use 50 pounds of barbecue in exchange for a tier 1 equipment!"

"That's right! This guy is a profiteer! It's Qin Feng who does the best. He only exchanges the corpses of ferocious beasts that no one wants, and the business is fair."

"That's right! Even if I have Tier 1 equipment, I will keep it for myself, so I won't exchange it with you. Even if I want to buy barbecue, I will go to Qin Feng to buy it."

Everyone has condemned the person selling barbecue.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart when he saw this scene.

Sure enough, this barbecue business will not last long, and there will be competitors so soon.

However, he has his own advantages.

That is, he exchanged barbecue for the corpses of beasts that others did not want, and everyone was willing to trade with him.

At least in the novice stage, he can make a lot of money.

Thinking of this, he made a few words.

"Everyone, from now on, I will stop buying the corpses of level 2 beasts and switch to the corpses of level 3 beasts. 10 pounds of barbecue will exchange for the corpse of a level 3 beast."

When the news came out, everyone was in an uproar.

"Boss Qin Feng, why don't you accept the corpse of a level 2 beast? I just found one! Woo! Woo! Woo!!"

"Fuck~! Mr. Qin Feng, you are too advanced with the times, aren't you? Now I'm afraid that few people can kill level 3 beasts, but you have started to accept level 3 beasts!"

"Oh! It's over! The level 3 beasts can't be killed, so I can only use wood to make fire!"

"Hey! It seems that I can only do it myself, and I have enough food and clothing. When I can kill a level 3 beast, I will trade with Qin Feng."

Many people groaned.

Qin Feng sent another more sensational message.

"Sell a lighter! In exchange for 3 Tier 1 Spirit Grass, or for one Tier 1 Spirit Fruit, you can also exchange for Tier 1 equipment."

Boom~!