Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng heard those discussions clearly in his ears.

The corners of his mouth twitched slightly, wanting to laugh a little.

If these guys found out that he wanted to earn contribution points, it was just a matter of moving his fingers, would he be jealous?

Having said that, until today, he realized that the contribution points are very useful.

Contribution points can not only be exchanged for materials in the village, but also in the temple. In the future, they should be able to exchange materials in the world.

However, those are things in the future, Qin Feng has no time to think about them, he has to go out and save his compatriots.

Thinking of this, he quickened his pace.

But at this moment, a lonely voice sounded behind him.

"This little thousand world friend, please wait a moment!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop and look back.

The person who spoke was the man who had received a B-grade opportunity.

Qin Feng wondered: "What's the matter with your Excellency?"

The man smiled proudly: "My friend, I see that you have exchanged a lot of space stones. There should be extra! In the lower house, from the world of heaven and earth in the world of thousands."

"Fu is still missing one or two space stones. I wonder if a friend can give me two. You and I can make friends!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng sneered in his heart.

This guy is so thick-skinned!

One sentence to make friends, I just want to get two space stones from him, and the face is really big.

He really thinks he is a character!

What's more, this guy was like the old man before, and he didn't see himself getting an S-rank opportunity, and he said a lot of sour words.

Right now, he has a shy face to beg for the space stone, and his face is really thick enough.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt contempt.

"Sorry! Qin's space stone has no extra space, and he doesn't need any friends!"

joke!

In the end will become friends, that is two things.

In the future, the World War begins, and these people are his competitors.

Fucuo frowned.

He did not expect his request to be rejected by Qin Feng.

The human beings in this small world really have no eyesight!

If it weren't for the ban on fighting here, he would have been unable to help himself.

In short, he is very depressed!

Qin Feng was even too lazy to pay attention to him, leaving that sentence and leaving.

At this time, another voice sounded from the crowd.

"This friend, please wait a moment!"

This time, the person who spoke was a strong man from Zhongqian World.

His tone was rather polite.

"What's the matter with you?"

Qin Feng was a little impatient.

His time is precious.

The man hurriedly said: "My friend, I want to exchange things for something, and exchange a space stone with you."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "what do you want in exchange?"

The man said, "What do you think of a Tier 3 piece of equipment?"

Qin Feng sneered: "My friend, you really know how to do business. You want to change the space stone for a third-order equipment? You think too much. Besides, I don't need third-order equipment."

After saying this, Qin Feng is about to leave.

The man said anxiously: "My friend, the space stone is only a third-order item. Isn't it the same for a third-order to a third-order?"

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to him and continued to move forward.

The man was anxious: "Friend, how about two third-order equipment?"

Qin Feng turned back: "If you really want it, then exchange it for the golden treasure chest!"

As soon as these words fell, the strong people were in an uproar.

Golden treasure chest!

The value is definitely much higher than the space stone.

This guy actually wanted a space stone for a golden treasure chest.

This is too dark!

The man was speechless: "Friend, are you right? Just a third-order space stone, do you want me to exchange it with a golden treasure chest?"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised: "If you want to exchange it, you can exchange it! If you don't exchange it, it will fall! If you have money, you can just buy it directly, you don't have to ask me to exchange it."

Being confronted by this, the man was even more speechless.

If he has enough contribution points, he will not offer anything in exchange.

At the moment, Qin Feng ignored him, turned around and left.

But at this moment, in the crowd, a beautiful woman from Daqian World spoke up.

"My friend, the little girl is willing to exchange a golden treasure chest for a space stone with you."

While speaking, the beautiful woman walked out with a smile.

Her eyes moved on Qin Feng's face, secretly thinking that this young man is really handsome, much stronger than several men in the field.

Having said that, Qin Feng's two performances were amazing.

Unconsciously, she admired Qin Feng.

"Friend, do you want to change?" Qin Feng was a little surprised.

"That's right! The little girl's name is Jiufeng, and she comes from Fengtian Realm in the Great Thousand World. I don't know your friend's last name?"

"In Xia Qin Feng, from the Blue Star Realm!"

"Brother Qin Feng, this golden treasure chest is what I exchanged."

Jiufeng happily took out a golden treasure chest.

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He just said it casually, but he didn't expect that someone would actually exchange the golden treasure chest.

Having said that, the value of the golden treasure chest is definitely several times that of the space stone.

This exchange, he definitely earned.

At the moment, he didn't hesitate, took out a space stone, and completed the transaction with the other party.

Jiufeng was also very happy to get the space stone.

"Brother Qin Feng, the little girl is fortunate to meet you. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely invite you to my Fengtian Realm as a guest."

With a charming smile, Jiufeng put away the space stone.

Qin Feng has a good impression of this woman.

"Miss Jiufeng is polite, if you have the predestined relationship, you must go and see it!"

After saying this, he will leave.

At this moment, the man in the world of Zhongqian couldn't hold back any longer, and hurried over.

"That's it! That's it! If you want to exchange the golden treasure chest, then let's exchange it for the golden treasure box! Here, this is the golden treasure chest that is under."

After all, the man desperately needed the space stone, so he reluctantly took out a golden treasure chest in exchange.

Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, and directly completed the exchange with him.

After this change, he secretly rejoiced in his heart.

Good luck this time!

The two space stones were actually exchanged for two golden treasure chests.

Really made a lot of money!

In this way, he has ten golden treasure chests in his hand, and he can combine two dark treasure chests.

Thinking of this, he was in a happy mood and was about to leave.

But at this moment, the floating house said unwillingly: "Qin Feng, didn't you say before that you don't have extra space stones? Why did you take out two and exchange them with others?"

Qin Feng sneered: "I want my stuff! Can you manage it?!"

As soon as these words fell, Fucuo's face turned blue and white with anger.

Qin Feng didn't bother to pay attention to him, so he turned around and left.

He knew that the floating house must be crazy.

However, he didn't care at all, instead he felt dark in his heart.

For such a cheeky guy, there is no need to give face at all.

Soon, Qin Feng walked into the corridor and disappeared from the sight of the powerhouses.

Chapter 181: One Punch Blast

In the hall, Fucuo looked at the direction in which Qin Feng disappeared, with an extremely ugly expression.

Seeing this scene, the powerhouses felt strange in their hearts.

They also didn't expect that Qin Feng would not give Fucuo face so much, completely making Fucuo unable to step down.

Thinking from another perspective, if they are in a floating position, what should they do?

Thinking of this, the powerhouses came to the conclusion that they were very embarrassed, and could not help shaking their heads secretly.

After all, the floating house is not reasonable, and there is nothing wrong with what Qin Feng said.

Even if the floating house is furious, it will give people the feeling of being angry and embarrassed, and it is hard to tell.

hey~!

Can't see it!

This Qin Feng from Xiaoqian World has a hard side in dealing with people, and he is not a soft persimmon!

The next time they meet, they have to be more polite, so as not to get into a situation like a floating house, it will be difficult to face!

Unconsciously, the evaluation of Qin Feng by the powerhouses has undergone some changes.

At least, they didn't dare to treat Qin Feng as a soft persimmon.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Cut~! Isn't it just a little money! Talking so arrogantly! Just a nouveau riche in the world!"

It took a long time for Fucuo to suffocate these words.

He was looking for some face for himself.

The strong men looked at each other without saying a word.

Afterwards, the crowd dispersed silently.

It was a little embarrassing to leave the floating house alone standing there.

But on the other side, Qin Feng rushed to the exit of the hall after entering the corridor...

With the space stone in hand, he must hurry to save his compatriots.