Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't take long for him to walk near the exit.

At this moment, Qi Yue's excited voice sounded in his ears.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Qiyue: "Master, let me tell you a happy event, I got another golden treasure chest!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Good job!"

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, I will give you the treasure chest now!"

As soon as the voice fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue gave you a golden treasure chest and four treasure chest synthesis cards for free. 】

good! good!

This time, in addition to getting two golden treasure chests, Qiyue also got four synthetic cards.

As an assistant, this little girl is still very powerful.

After trading the items, the little girl asked one more thing with concern.

Qiyue: "By the way, master, is the space stone expensive, have you bought it? Everyone is a little worried now!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Don't worry! Space stones are not cheap, but I have enough money to buy them all."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Hee hee! That's great! Yue'er will tell everyone now, they will be crazy with joy."

At the moment, the little girl happily entered the Longyuan Village chat channel.

Today, Qin Feng is burdened with everyone's expectations and is the last hope of all the Dragon Country compatriots.

The villagers of Longyuan Village were all concerned about his every move, and naturally they were extremely concerned about his progress.

The little girl is the bridge between him and the villagers.

Seeing the little girl so happy, Qin Feng's mood improved.

Having said that, the little girl's harvest this time is still very good.

Immediately, he entered the trading channel and took out the golden treasure chest and four synthetic cards.

Then, he took out nine golden treasure chests from his storage ring.

After a while, he consumed two synthesis cards and combined ten golden treasure chests into two dark treasure chests.

Looking at the two dark treasure chests in front of him, he was in a good mood.

In this way, he has two hidden treasure chests and one golden treasure chest in his hand.

As long as he made up three more dark treasure chests, he could try to synthesize purple diamond treasure chests.

Purple diamond treasure chest!

Qin Feng was full of expectations after thinking about it.

Then, after putting away the two dark treasure chests, he hurried to the door of light in front of him...

At the same time, on the Universal Square.

The Cang clan has already arrived.

They were a little puzzled, because there was no one in the square, and there was no sign of the third elder at all.

At this moment, the second elder was standing beside the universal teleportation array, checking the traces of the large array to see if it had been running not long ago.

He even wondered if the third elder was sitting in the teleportation formation and sent it to other places.

"Second Elder, what can you see?"

"Not for now, this old man will take a closer look! By the way, you guys should go around the square and take a look. The three of you enter the hall to see if the third elder is in the hall."

"Yes!"

At the moment, all the subordinates took their orders and left.

The second elder continued to check the teleportation array.

After a while, the three Cang clan people who were ordered to enter the hall to check, walked to the door of the hall.

But before they could go in, Qin Feng walked out of the hall as soon as the light door lit up.

Both sides were stunned.

"He's a challenger!"

The three of them immediately saw the details of Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was startled, and the eye of insight quickly swept towards the three of them.

Be the guardian!

Three came at once!

There was joy in his eyes.

To him, these three guardians are a treasure trove of movement!

For the same reason, the three were extremely excited when they learned that Qin Feng was the challenger.

"Haha! He's only level 17!"

"So weak! Catch him alive!"

"Go! Haha!"

The three laughed in surprise and rushed towards Qin Feng at the same time,

In the blink of an eye, the three of them came close.

Swish~!

But at this moment, the sword qi rose into the sky!

A cold light swept the audience!

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

Three consecutive beeps!

The blood shoots again and again!

With just one knife, Qin Feng killed all three!

[Kill the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +37 attributes and +110,000 energy points. 】

[Killing the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +41 attributes and +132,000 energy points. 】

[Killing the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +42 attributes and +136,000 energy points. 】

Three energy white lights flew from the three corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body.

His attribute points and energy values ​​suddenly soared.

At the same time, the shrill screams of the three guardians resounded throughout the square.

This also alarmed the second elder and the other five...

"Cang Hao!"

A roar!

It resounded throughout the audience!

The second elder's eyes were blood red, and he looked at one of the corpses, which was his nephew.

"Damn!"

"Kill this little thief!"

All the Cang people were also shocked and angry.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The next second, the second elder and everyone rushed to Qin Feng.

No matter who Qin Feng is, if he dares to kill their clan, he will die.

In the blink of an eye, a man was the first to kill.

As soon as he arrived, he found that Qin Feng was only a level 17 challenger.

He was instantly startled and angry.

How could a challenger who was only level 17 kill the three of Cang Hao?

What the **** just happened?

What happened just now was too sudden, and no one saw Qin Feng's shot.

However, the man couldn't control that much, he just wanted to avenge his own people.

Swish~!

The man killed Qin Feng at once and punched Qin Feng in the face.

Click~! Click~! click~!

When the punch hit, the rock armor condensed automatically on his fist, turning into a huge rock fist, carrying the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

That is his skill - Wanshan Giant Fist!

Its fist strength is ten thousand jin, like ten thousand mountains pressing the top, unstoppable.

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

The giant fist slammed into the front in an instant, blowing a whistling fist wind!

"court death!"

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a punch.

Two fists collide!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The man let out a shrill scream, and he was blasted on the spot, turning into a blood fog that filled the sky.

The second elder and others who were slaughtering were suddenly shocked by this scene.

That man was the strongest under the two elders, and he couldn't resist Qin Feng's punch.

Chapter 182 Kill the audience, surprises are endless!

The second elder and others who were slaughtering were suddenly shocked by this scene.

That man was the strongest under the two elders, and he couldn't resist Qin Feng's punch...

Earth-level powerhouse!

This young man is definitely an earth-level powerhouse!

Because even if the three elders couldn't kill the man in seconds, this young man could kill the man in seconds.

It shows that he is not only an earth-level powerhouse, but also an earth-level powerhouse stronger than the third elder.

At this moment, everyone had this idea, and they were very determined.

At the same time, everyone used the technique of detection to investigate Qin Feng's foundation.

【Human】: Challenger

【Boundary】: Human level

[Level]: Level 17

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: ? ? ?

[Origin]: This year's challenger, ~ from a small world.