Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this, everyone was stunned!

No way? !

This young man is only a human-level realm.

What's even more amazing is that he is only level 1-7!

Generally speaking, a human of level 17, the combat power can reach 50 stars is not bad.

And the man who was killed just now, the peak human-level second layer, has a combat power of 147 stars.

It stands to reason that the man should be able to kill this young man in seconds, how could he be killed? !

Om~!

At the same moment, a white light flew out of the blood fog in the sky and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +50 attributes and +152,000 energy points. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

good! good!

The harvest of killing the guardian is really great.

The energy value provided to him by the four guardians reached 530,000, and the attribute points also reached 170.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This is definitely a big win!

With this in mind, he raised his head to look at the crowd.

Sure enough, they are all guardians, all at the peak of human level.

And this old man...

what! This is…

Qin Feng's eyes locked on the second elder for a moment.

【Human】: Guardian

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Level]: Level 37

[Talent]: The Profound Truth of Earth (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat evaluation]: 233 stars

This old man is actually an earth-level powerhouse!

Much stronger than the three elders he killed before!

snort!

Challengers and Guardians are naturally antagonistic!

There is no peace at all!

The guardians were obviously here to kill him.

For such a person, he will never be soft-hearted!

Swish~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and slaughtered the old man.

Catch the thief first catch the king!

Get rid of this old man, everything else is ants.

Seeing this, the second elder's expression changed greatly: "Let's do it together!"

With this roar, everyone woke up and shot.

Boom~!

At this moment, the second elder activated the power of heaven and earth.

For several miles, countless earthy vitality poured into his body.

Boom~Long~Long!

His momentum suddenly soared...

Facing Qin Feng, he didn't dare to be too big at all, and he had to use all his strength to make a move.

At the same moment, the other four moved their seals one after another, and at the same time used the inheritance skills of the Cang clan—a hundredfold gravity!

Om~!

The first hundredfold gravitational force was instantly applied to Qin Feng.

He suddenly felt his body sink, the whole person weighed ten thousand jins, and his speed dropped sharply.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the seals of the other three were also completed.

There are also three hundred times of gravity, all of which are applied to Qin Feng, accumulating four hundred times of gravity blessing.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Qin Feng suddenly felt that his body became heavier, approaching 50,000 kilograms.

Under the pressure of the terrifying gravity, the bones of his whole body rattled.

His legs were more like lead, and he couldn't lift a foot for a long time.

damn it!

The gravitational means of these guardians are so strange.

As a result, his speed dropped dramatically.

And speed has a huge impact on combat.

The rapid drop in speed is not good for Qin Feng's situation.

"Little thief! Die!"

At this time, a roar!

The second elder culled over.

At this moment, he has controlled the power of heaven and earth for several miles, and the combat power has skyrocketed to 341 stars.

And Qin Feng's combat power is only 337 stars, which is even weaker than him.

In the blink of an eye, the second elder was killed.

Swish~!

When he turned his palm over, there were multiple black long knives in his hand.

That is the second elder's weapon!

He hadn't used a weapon in years.

But in the face of Qin Feng, he took out a weapon that had been dusty for many years, and wanted to fight with all his strength.

Boom~!

The second elder slashed at Qin Feng with all his strength.

The monstrous swordsmanship opens up the world!

Seeing this scene, the eyes of everyone around were happy.

After the second elder uses the weapon, the attack power is extremely terrifying, and he can split the third elder with a single knife.

And this young man who is only level 17 must not be able to resist the sword of the second elder.

At the same time, the young man was locked by their gravitational force, and his speed dropped drastically, so he could not avoid the knife from the second elder.

This idea came to me, and Qin Feng also shot.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

The dark night sword meets the black long sword!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

resounded throughout the audience!

In the next second, the second elder groaned and was slashed by a knife to the point where he vomited blood and flew out.

Boom~!

The whole audience was shocked!

The two elders were even more horrified.

He clearly felt that his combat power was a bit stronger, but he didn't want to be shocked by the opponent's knife and vomit blood.

Naturally, he didn't know that Qin Feng had many talents, and one of them was the B-level talent - the profound meaning of power.

Under the same combat power, how could he be Qin Feng's opponent.

Before everyone could come back to their senses, Qin Feng thought about it.

Swish~! Swish~!

The two phantom clones were instantly released from his body.

As soon as the clone appeared, he started to make a tactic, and attracted Tianlei.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Four mad thunders slammed into the four of them one after another.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In just a split second, the four of them were hit by the thunderbolt, and their hair stood on end, their mouths were blown up, and the seals in their hands were also blasted away.

Qin Feng suddenly got rid of the gravitational restraint.

Swish~!

As soon as he dodged, he killed the second elder again.

The two clones also rushed towards the four.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng was in front of the second elder.

At this moment, the second elder just got up from the ground, and when he saw Qin Feng kill him, his face changed slightly with fright.

Om~!

In the next second, with a clear cry, his whole body lit up with aura.

A black spiritual shield flew out of his body strangely.

The spirit shield looks like a tortoise shell, with divine patterns engraved on it, with an extraordinary aura.

That is the treasure that the second elder pressed at the bottom of the box - the Sky Shield.

As soon as the sky-spinning shield appeared, it was divided into eight and turned into eight light shields, which surrounded the second elder and automatically guarded him.

Qin Feng ignored it, and went up to slash three times.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

When~! When~! When~!

When the three swords went down, they were all blocked by the light shield, and the second elder was not injured at all.

Qin Feng couldn't help being stunned.

At this moment, after a little observation, he realized that the Sky Revolving Shield was actually a fifth-order equipment.

"Haha! This old man is protected by this sky-spinning shield! Little thief, you can't hurt this old man at all!"