Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The second elder laughed proudly.

The next second, he took the initiative to kill Qin Feng.

Qin Feng quickly confronted it!

00

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The two sides fought over this.

Suddenly, the killing in the field was dark and dark, and the sky was shaking.

After the two elders activated the Sky Revolving Shield, the defense was not broken, and they were almost invincible.

For a time, the two sides killed a tie.

In just a moment, the two fought dozens of rounds.

But at this moment, there was a series of shrill screams not far away...

[The clone kills the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +39 attributes and +120,000 energy points. 】

[Kill the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +41 attributes and +130,000 energy points. 】

But it was the two avatars, beheading two people!

"Damn!"

The second elder roared angrily, looked up, and saw that the remaining two clansmen were also in danger.

He looked in a hurry, and hurriedly dodged, wanting to go to the rescue.

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged, stopped him, and took the initiative to kill him.

The two sides fought together again.

Just a moment later, there were two more shrill screams.

The remaining two were also beheaded by clones.

The second elder roared helplessly.

But at this moment, the two clones also came here.

The second elder suddenly changed his face, turned around and fled.

He was able to draw a tie with Qin Feng, completely relying on Xuantian Shield, not his real ability.

If Qin Feng's two avatars were also killed, his situation would not be good.

Even so, he didn't rush away.

With this thought, he flew into the air and fled to the outside of the square.

At the same time, he took out a communication jade talisman and hurriedly sent out a message.

When Qin Feng saw that the second elder was about to flee, he did not immediately chase after him.

When he turned his palm over, a lightsaber slowly rose from the palm of his hand.

That is his golden spirit!

In the next second, as soon as his mind moved, the Spirit of Gold automatically merged into the Dark Night Sword.

Om~!

For a while, the dark night sky knife aura was released, and the breath was soaring.

[Reminder: Your Dark Night Sword and Golden Spirit are successfully fused, the attack power increases by +1000, and the penetration +100%]

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

The Dark Night Sword incorporates the Spirit of Gold, and its power reaches the sixth-order weapon level, which is expected to break the defense of the old man.

Boom~!

In the next second, he unfolded his wings of wind and soared into the sky, chasing after the second elder.

His flying speed is much faster than the second elder!

In a blink of an eye, he caught up with the second elder.

As soon as the two elders finished sending the message, Qin Feng caught up and slashed down.

Swish~!

Heavenly Swordsmanship!

Bright sky!

Om~!

A light shield took the initiative to meet him.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

That knife shattered the light shield, and the light of the knife was unabated, splitting the second elder into two halves.

The shrill screams echoed above the void,

The blood mist is floating everywhere!

Another black spiritual shield escaped from the corpse...

[Kill the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +1.21 million energy points. 】

[Kill the guardian (prefecture-level realm) successfully, you get +417 attributes. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It's so cool to kill an Earth-level guardian!

One provided him with 417 attributes.

At this moment, the upgraded white light lit up on him again.

【Your level has been promoted to level 18! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

good! good!

Finally upgraded!

Qin Feng is overjoyed

Chapter 183 The harvest is overwhelming!

Qin Feng quickly checked the upgrade progress. Level 18 is 0.12%, which is very good.

Great harvest this time!

Just killing these guardians will give you a lot of energy, which is comparable to killing a large herd.

Even better, the eight human-level peak guardians provided him with a total of 342 attributes.

And this prefecture-level old man provided him with 417 attributes.

Accumulated 759 attribute points!

Qin Feng was shocked by this calculation.

The benefits of killing guardians are too great!

And the benefits don't stop there.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng fell from the air and walked to the old man's body.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The whole black sky-spinning shield lay quietly beside it.

This is a precious fifth-order equipment!

Even if he has two pieces in his hands, a Dark Night Heavenly Sword and a Heavenly Dragon Battle Armor.

Now, he has a third.

Qin Feng picked up the Xuantian Shield and checked it carefully.

[Xuantian Shield: Fifth-order equipment, unidentified master, defense +1000, five elements resistance +100%, wind resistance +100%, lightning resistance +100%, own skill - Xuantian guardian. 】

[Reminder: You can recognize the Lord with a drop of blood. After successfully recognizing the master, when encountering an enemy, the mind summons, and the Xuantian Shield will automatically release the 'Xuantian Guardian' skill for automatic defense. 】

good! good!

The most powerful part of this Sky Revolving Shield is the automatic defense function.

You don't have to worry about defense when fighting, it means that one more person is assisting the fight, and it's powerful when you think about it.

Having said that, the more advanced the equipment is, the more it is necessary to recognize the master.

Most of the fifth-order equipment does not need to be recognized as the owner, but a few top-quality equipment need to be recognized as the owner.

It can be seen from this that they are both Tier 5 equipment.

This Sky Shield is of better quality than his Dark Night Sky Saber and Sky Dragon Battle Armor.

And after he killed the second elder, the sky-spinning shield became an ownerless thing.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly broke his fingers and dripped the blood into the Xuantian Shield.

Om~!

The next second, Xuantian Shield drained the blood essence and lit up with aura.

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that there was a telepathy between himself and Xuantian Shield.

[Reminder: Congratulations on your recognition of the Sky Shield! 】

With the sound of the prompt, the rotating shield turned into a golden light and merged into Qin Feng's body.

He was overjoyed.

With one more piece of top-grade fifth-order equipment, his overall strength has become a lot stronger.

With such a harvest, Qin Feng is in a happy mood.

Subsequently, he began to extract the body of the second elder.

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the B-level talent - the mystery of soil! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your soil talent has been promoted to A-level talent—the law of soil! 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the Law of Earth, and the power of your A-level talent 'Five Elements Profound Truth' has doubled. 】

It finally worked!

Qin Feng was surprised!

This is the second A-level talent he got.

At the same time, this A-level talent also strengthened the power of the first A-level talent.

In addition, according to Tiandao's reminder, if he wants to obtain SSS-level chaos talent, he must upgrade all nine talents of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, darkness, and light to A-level.

Now, he has finally raised the Earth Element, one of the Nine Elements, to A Grade.

Qin Feng was very satisfied and continued to extract the body.

This time, he gains 20 Dexterity stats.

Another small gain.