Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After this extraction, Qin Feng began to search for the spoils.

After a while, he found a fourth-order long knife and a storage ring from the second elder.

Then, he started clearing the battlefield of all the loot.

There are also eight corpses of booty waiting for him to collect and extract...

At the same time, by the Tongtian Lake.

Canggo and Kurosawa looked at the communication jade talisman in their hands in shock.

Just now, they received an urgent communication from the second elder, saying that there was a strong enemy on the Vientiane Temple, and they had to flee for their lives.

It turned out that the message sent by the second elder when he fled for his life was sent to the two of them.

The second elder originally thought of escaping by himself, so he could not take care of Cangwu and the two of them, so he let them run for their lives quickly.

But he didn't want to, the second elder couldn't escape himself, and was killed by Qin Feng with a knife.

"Kurozawa, this message..."

Kurago still couldn't believe the content of the message.

The second elder and the eight peak-level clansmen went up together, is there anything else going on?

But Heizawa looked flustered: "Second elder has always been steady, he sent such a message, the situation must be extremely critical! Let's run away!"

Cangwu panicked: "So exaggerated?!"

Black Ze was anxious: "Just now, above the nine days, there was some movement faintly, very similar to screams, I'm afraid the situation is worse than we imagined!"

Canggo Big Horror 0

He knew that Kurosawa had a talent for hearing, so when he said that, he was afraid that he really heard screams.

"let's go!"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Immediately, the two fled in a panic.

They have to go back quickly and report the matter to the Great Elder...

But it was said that it was a thousand feet in the sky, in the Wanxiang Square.

It took a full quarter of an hour for Qin Feng to clean up the battlefield, and the loot obtained was also extremely rich.

This time, he got a total of nine storage rings and five fourth-order equipment.

There are more than a dozen pieces of Tier 3 equipment, more than 20 pieces below Tier 3, and a number of miscellaneous materials. It can be said that the harvest is full.

At the same time, he also extracted 20 attributes from each of the eight corpses, for a total of 160 attributes.

This made his combat power rise to 341 stars unknowingly, which was another big improvement.

Then, he turned those corpses into ashes.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng is ready to summon Qiyue to deal with the loot just harvested.

But at this moment, his heart moved, and a question suddenly occurred to him.

These guardians are obviously coming for themselves!

strangeness!

How did they know their whereabouts and chase 2.8 to this place?

correct! Golden Light!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he finally got the clue.

When he found Jin Guangjian, he spied that it had an owner.

Presumably the people of Jin Guangjian's clan belonged to the Cang clan.

In other words, the teleportation formation in Tayue Town was also used by the Cang clan.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng immediately frowned.

He has always had an idea, that is, to expand the power of Longyuan Village to Tayue Town, and then directly to Tongtian Lake.

Today, the teleportation formation in Tayue Town is also being used by the Cang family.

If he wants to bring Tayue Town into his territory, he must eliminate the big hidden danger of the Cang family.

However, these are later stories.

The most important thing for him now is to save those compatriots first

Chapter 184 Step into other villages and alarm the area!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly summoned Qiyue.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er!"

Qiyue: "Master, I'm here!"

Qin Feng: "I just got some spoils, you help me deal with it."

As soon as the voice fell, the nine storage rings in Qin Feng's hand were sent into the zero-dimensional space by him.

After a while, Qi Yue's exclamation came from the space.

"Wow! Master, you have made a fortune! So many storage rings, so many Tier 4 equipment! There are more than a dozen Tier 3 equipment!"

The little girl's tone was full of excitement.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "You can help me exchange these things for the golden treasure chest. By the way, you can also pick a few and use them yourself."

Qiyue rejoiced: "Hehe! Master, you are so kind! However, Yue'er's main job is not fighting, so she doesn't need equipment. Yue'er thinks it's better to give the master a golden treasure chest first!"

This little girl thinks about Qin Feng everywhere, but it warms Qin Feng's heart.

Even so, he did not force it.

Qin Feng: "Little girl, you can handle it yourself!"

Qiyue "Well~! By the way, master, did you go to 618 village, did something go wrong?"

Qin Feng wondered: "Why do you ask that?"

Qiyue: "I told Village 618 before that you would be there soon. They thought you would be there in ten minutes, so they have been waiting for you there."

Qiyue: "It's been half an hour now, and you haven't shown up yet. 07 They are so flustered! The villagers in Longyuan Village are also very nervous, and they are worried about whether there is another problem on your side."

Qiyue: "It's okay to say this, but what's even more irritating is that the white-skinned people who have been watching, as well as Asan and Nanbang, when they saw you haven't been to 618 Village for so long, they are like chicken blood. In general, laughing at you in all kinds of sarcasm!"

Qiyue: "I'm going to be **** off by them! Now, the people from Longyuan Village are arguing with them on the channel!"

Qin Feng sneered: "Those dogs can't be changed to eat shit! When the novice assessment is over, I will clean up these garbage. There can only be one force in this area, and that is our Longyuan Village!"

These domineering words made Qi Yue excited.

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, that's how it should be done! I heard Grandpa mentioned that after the challenger novice assessment is over, they are allowed to annex each other. In the end, only one faction is allowed to exist in a region."

"Master, your thoughts coincide with Tiandao's future plans!"

Qin Feng smiled: "That's good! Well, I'll go now!"

Qiyue: "Wow!! Great, then I'll go tell them the good news now."

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Qi Yue excitedly entered the regional channel.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked towards the universal teleportation array in front.

Soon, he walked to the teleportation array.

I saw a hole the size of a table tennis ball in the center of the teleportation array.

Qin Feng took out a space stone and put it into the hole.

Click~!

A soft sound!

Space stone into the groove!

Om~!

Suddenly, the teleportation array was activated!

The whole great formation lit up with a faint aura.

[Reminder: You have activated the universal teleportation array, please select the teleportation location. 】

hum~!

A light screen was raised in the center of the teleportation array, and villages No. 1 to 1000 were listed on it.

At the top of these villages, there is also a named village - Longyuan Village.

It can be seen at a glance that Longyuan Village is different from other villages.

Qin Feng quickly browsed and quickly found 618 villages.

He hurriedly checked the box and started teleporting...

At the same moment, on the regional channel.

Qiyue excitedly conveyed the latest information to the people of Longguo in 618 Village.

Qiyue: "My friends from 618 Village, I got the latest news. My master is going to your village soon."

As soon as these words fell, the people of Longyuan Village cheered.

By now, people in Longyuan Village already knew that Qiyue was the boss' personal assistant.

The news that Qiyue got is definitely the latest and most accurate.

Wu Yong: "Great! The boss is finally going to shoot!"

Liu Yuan: "Haha! My compatriots in Village 618! Congratulations on being rescued!"

Village 618: "Really? Is boss Qin Feng really coming over?"

Village 618: "My God! Can he really come? I still can't believe it!"

Village 618: "Woo! It would be great if Boss Qin Feng could really come over. I'm going crazy!"

Village 618: "Me too! I'm only level 5! I feel like I'm finished!"

At this moment, the people of 618 Village replied one after another, excited.

At this moment, several discordant voices jumped out again.

Edward: "Oh! Little cutie upstairs, you're only level 5, then you're dead! Haha!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Edsang, these people from Longguo are so funny. They really believe that Qin Feng can enter their village! Haha!"

Amir: "This is the stupidity of the people of Longguo! It was Qin Feng who was bragging, but they believed it and shouted excitedly on the regional channel. If Lord Shiva saw it, he would die of laughter."

Park Chengxin: "Amir Oppa! You are right, the people of Longguo like to brag, and Qin Feng is one of them!"

Edward: "Oh~! That Qin Feng is a joke! Who does he think he is? It's still the novice assessment period, and all the villages are sealed. He actually said that he can enter other villages? Does he think he is Heavenly Dao? ?"

Park Chengxin: "Longguo people like to brag, Smecta!"

These people have all had a deadly feud with Longyuan Village!

Up to now, they are broken, and they are not afraid of offending Qin Feng.

Whenever they get a chance, they jump out and hop.

When everyone in Longyuan Village saw this scene, they were all furious.

Qiyue: "You nasty guys! You don't know how powerful my master is. My master said that if he can enter 618 village, he will definitely be able to enter!"

Liu Yuan: "Miss Yue'er, these **** are jealous!"

Wu Yong: "That's right! Except for their bad mouth, they have no merits. By the way, when it comes to bragging, who can compare to Ah Sanguo and Nanbangguo? One boasted the number one in Asia every day. ."

Park Chengxin: "Axi! It's obvious that you people from Longguo like to brag! You people from Longguo also like to steal other people's things! We Nanbang's Dragon Boat Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival, stick clothes, words! Asi! You grab too much. !"

As soon as these words came out, the people of Longguo were stunned by the shamelessness of the stick.

Liu Yuan was speechless: "Your ability to reverse black and white is also the number one in the universe!"