Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Park Chengxin: "Axi! I'm just telling the truth, Smecta!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Yo Xi! I support Park Chengsang! Nanbangguo's friends speak with great honesty. Unlike Qin Feng, Longguo people only brag!"

Qi Yue was furious: "You are talking nonsense! My master is not bragging at all! He can definitely enter the 618 village!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Haha! If he can enter the 618 village, I will kill myself!" 053

As soon as these words fell, an announcement resounded throughout District 1.

[Notice: Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, has entered the area of ​​No. 618 Village. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the entire channel exploded instantly!

Miyamoto Lang was dumbfounded for a moment.

Liu Yuan: "Haha! Miyamoto Lang, our boss has already entered the 618 village, you should kill yourself!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Bagaya Road!"

Wu Yong: "Old Liu, how many times has this guy said that he cut his belly, and that time was really cut? Sakurajima people are like this. They have always been perfidious, and their words are not credible!"

Liu Yuan: "He must have drank too much nuclear waste water and forgot what he said. Haha! By the way, is that stick still there? Didn't he say our boss was bragging?"

At this moment, Park Chengxin, Amir and others quietly escaped.

No one dared to respond to Liu Yuan's words.

Longyuan Village suddenly felt up and down and was in a good mood.

Meanwhile, on the regional channel, people from other villages were amazed.

"My God! Qin Feng actually entered the 618 village!"

"Omg! How did he do it?"

"Haha! The ability of our boss is not something you can imagine."

"It's great! It's great! Village 618 has been saved, so will our village 34!"

"Our 77th village is also saved!"RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"And our 263 village!"

"And we..."

"Haha! Big Brother Qin Feng is the savior of our Longguo Village! Long live Big Qin Feng! Long live!"

At this moment, on the regional channel, the villages of Zhonglong Kingdom were extremely excited, and the cheers were earth-shattering.

Chapter 185 The whole world is calling my dad!

At the same moment, in the chat channel of 618 Village, there was cheers.

"Oh my god! Qin Feng is really here!"

"Great! Great! We can finally join Longyuan Village. As long as we join Longyuan Village, we can freely buy power stones."

"Woo! It's saved! We're saved!"

"Yeah! I heard that the people of Longyuan Village can level up by cutting wood. Just thinking about it makes me feel very happy!"

"Wow! I want to chop wood too! My strength is too weak, I can't beat the beasts of the same level, and I can't level up at all! Only chopping wood can save me!"

"Me too! I want to chop wood too!"

"Hey! By the way, didn't Big Brother Qin Feng set off? Where is he now?"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement: Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, has entered the area of ​​the novice village and will automatically be connected to the village chat channel. ….]

[Announcement: Parallel success! Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, has entered the village chat channel...]

As soon as the prompt fell, Qin Feng's avatar was added to the chat channel, and it jumped.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I'm Qin Feng!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was boiling.

"Wow! Big Brother Qin Feng! Big Brother Qin Feng really appeared!"

"Excited! I'm so excited!"

"Brother Qin Feng, please accept me quickly! I am willing to be your woman!"

"Boss Qin Feng, please accept me as a villager!"

"Boss, as long as you are willing to take me in, I can call you grandpa!"

Qin Feng: "Don't get excited, everyone! I'll say a few words before accepting people!"

"Boss! Say whatever you want! Don't say two words, 20,000 words will do!"

"Brother, I haven't talked about a boyfriend yet. Can I be your girlfriend?"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, don't go too far. I have something to say! This recruitment, everything is voluntary! If you don't want to join Longyuan Village, I respect his personal wishes."

Qin Feng: "However, my time is limited, so I only come here once. If you haven't joined, you will regret it later, and if you want to join Longyuan Village again, I'm afraid I won't have time to deal with it!"

"Boss Qin Feng, those who don't want to join, you don't need to worry about their life or death. If they will die, they will ask for it themselves."

"That's right! Boss Qin Feng, hurry up and recruit us! I'm not even good enough."

"I can't wait!"

Qin Feng: "Okay!"

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped talking nonsense and issued an invitation directly...

[Announcement: Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, issued an invitation to join all 618 village members. Those who are willing to join Longyuan Village will be automatically promoted to the villagers of Longyuan Village. 】

As soon as the news came out, a dialog box popped up in front of everyone, showing whether to accept the invitation.

Without any hesitation, everyone chose to join.

[Li Ying agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Wang Yi agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Zhou Peng agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Chen Qian agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

...

Suddenly, the population of Longyuan Village began to skyrocket...

In less than a quarter of an hour, more than 700 people in 618 Village joined Longyuan Village.

As soon as these people joined successfully, the 'Village Operation Interface' was automatically activated, and at the same time, they were automatically merged into the chat channel of Longyuan Village.

After that, the chat channel of Longyuan Village was completely boiling, and all the newcomers were chatting excitedly.

"Did you not dream? I actually became a villager of Longyuan Village!"

"Yeah! From now on, we can upgrade by cutting wood, so excited!"

"Everyone, look at the resource channel, there are a lot of energy stones in it!"

"Wow! There are still many Tier 1 steel knives!"

"Longyuan Village is so rich!"

"Hey! There's also a life career channel!"

The newcomers were thrilled and felt new to see everything.

At the same time, in the village square of 618 Village.

Qin Feng closed the village chief interface and breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally recruited a Dragon Country village.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The population of Longyuan Village has reached 1,977, which is the standard required to upgrade to a level 3 village. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

good! good!

The population finally hit the mark.

Today, only the number of Class 2 and Class 3 chalets is not up to the mark.

As long as the number of these two types of wooden houses reaches the standard, Longyuan Village can immediately be upgraded to level 3, and thus win the first place in the village competition and receive a lot of rewards.

At that time, the strength of all the villagers will be greatly improved.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

The stronger his subordinates are, the more attribute points he gets back.

By the way, he has an important thing to do.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the village chief operation interface again, and called up the construction authority of the teleportation array...

Boom~Long~Long!

After a while, above the square, the ground shook, making a rumbling sound.

A teleportation formation slowly rose from the ground.

It didn't take long for the teleportation array to take shape, and all the movement disappeared.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built the 'Transportation Array (Elementary)', the address is located in the 618 Village Square. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: 618 Village has become a branch village of Longyuan Village, and the village chief Qin Feng officially named it the "Longqi Village". 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village cheered again.

This means that the sphere of influence of Longyuan Village has expanded again!

At the same moment, on Longqi Square.

Qin Feng looked at the teleportation array in front of him and was very satisfied.

With this teleportation array, Longqi Village and Longyuan Village Headquarters are perfectly connected.

And this feeling of expanding sphere of influence also gave him a strong sense of gain.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: You built the third 'Teleportation Array' in Longyuan Village, congratulations on being blessed by Heaven and getting 200 attribute rewards. 】

Rewards are coming!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him.

In a blink of an eye, he gained 200 attribute points.

Accumulated, his free attribute points have reached 959 points.

However, he didn't have time to add points.

He would also go to other villages and recruit new compatriots.

At the moment, Qin Feng used the return card and disappeared in place.

At the same moment, the regional channel was already full of jubilation.

Village 618: "Everyone, I'm already a villager in Longyuan Village. I can level up by cutting trees and mining now! Haha!"

Village 618: "Yeah! As long as we have enough contribution points, I can exchange a lot of power stones. With this development, I feel that my leveling speed has more than doubled!"

Village 618: "Me too! I feel that I am expected to pass the test and I can survive!"

At this moment, there are cheers from the people of 618 villages.

Of course, they are no longer 618 villages.