Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

There is a bracket after their name, with the words Longyuan Village in it.

This means that they are really the villagers of Longyuan Village.

Seeing this, everyone was amazed.

"Oh! God! Qin Feng really turned the people of 618 village into his villagers."

"Axi! It's so enviable that such a thing still happens!"

At this moment, all the people in Xincun Village envied the people in 618 Village.

At this moment, another announcement sounded on the regional channel.

[Notice: Qin Feng, the head of Longyuan Village, has entered the area of ​​No. 34 Village. 】

Immediately, the compatriots of the Dragon Country in Village No. 34 cheered excitedly.

Those Western white-skinned people, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang, are going crazy with envy watching all this.

Village 34: "Haha! Everyone, this time it's our turn to Village 34. We will soon become a member of Longyuan Village!"

Village 77: "I envy your village No. 34! When will Mr. Qin Feng come to our village? I can't wait!"

463 Village: "We are also very anxious! I hope that Qin Feng can come to our village earlier."

Liu Xuan: "Haha! Everyone, don't worry! Boss Qin Feng will definitely save all the compatriots of Longguo, and you will all become villagers of Longyuan Village."

As soon as these words fell, they once again attracted the envy of other countries.

At this moment, several people from the Lighthouse Country, Gaul Country, Xiaowan Country, and Kangaroo Country jumped out one after another.

"Oh! Friends of Longyuan Village, can you tell Mr. Qin Feng that we are also willing to join Longyuan Village and ask him to take us in!"

"That's right! We are willing to join too!"

"There are also people from our Gaul country, we also hope to join Longyuan Village."

Seeing these words, the people of Longyuan Village laughed.

These white-skinned people are also thick-skinned, and have ridiculed Longyuan Village before.

Now that I saw a chance to survive, I turned around and wanted to join Longyuan Village to save my life.

Letting these people join Longyuan Village is equivalent to letting a pile of mouse feces mixed into the porridge.

Liu Xuan: "I'm so sorry! Our boss said that our Longyuan Village is the village of the people of the Dragon Country, and we only accept the people of the Dragon Country."

Wu Yong: "That's right! We only accept compatriots from the Dragon Kingdom!"

"Oh! Friends, what you are doing is very inhumane, it's not dishonest!"

"Yeah! Friends of Longyuan Village, we are all from the Blue Star, you shouldn't wait until you die!"

Liu Xuan: "Haha! What a joke! What do we owe you?"

Wu Yong: "Yes! Why should we save you?"

"Friends of the Dragon Kingdom, I am from Nanbang Kingdom. Historically, we are your subordinates, which are equivalent to your sons. Please, the Dragon Kingdom fathers, save your sons, Smecta!"

"Friends from Longyuan Village, can you tell Qin Fengsang and a group of people from Sakura Island who are grateful to Longguo, because in history, we are also your sons."

"So, we people in Nanyue are also the sons of the fathers of Longguo! We beg Dad for help!"

"Dad Longguo! Our Xiaopoguo is also your son from afar!"

"Oh! God! As long as Mr. Qin Feng is willing to save us, we are also willing to be the sons of the people of Longguo!"

At this moment, in the regional channel.

In order to survive, some people actually showed the lower limit one by one, and they all called for the father of Longguoren.

This made the people of the Dragon Kingdom stunned.

Qi Yue was even more dumbfounded.

It was the first time she had seen so many shameless people.

For these people, the people of Longyuan Village are naturally too lazy to pay attention.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At the same time, Qin Feng is also hurrying to save one dragon country village after another

At the same moment, the big world outside ridges.

Cangwu and the two have already sat on the teleportation formation in Tayue Town and fled back to the tribe. /

Chapter 186: Nine of the Cang Clan, four-level masters!

At the same time, the big world outside.

Cangwu and the two have already sat on the teleportation formation in Tayue Town and fled back to the tribe...

A quarter of an hour later, in the depths of the tribe, inside a stone house.

The first elder looked at the communication symbol in his hand with a shocked expression.

He was checking the message sent by the second elder before he died.

The two of them stood nervously aside.

After a long time, the Great Elder had a calm expression and put away the communication talisman.

"Elder, what do you think of the situation?"

Kurago asked with some unease.

The first elder sighed: "The second elder sent this message, it can be seen that the situation was critical at the time. Now, both of you have fled back, and he hasn't fled back yet, I'm afraid it's bad luck."

Cang Wu's face changed slightly: "Elder, shall we rush over now and rescue them?"

Black Ze also said anxiously: "Yes! The situation is critical, we must hurry up, otherwise the second elders..."

The first elder shook his head slightly: "Go now, I'm afraid it's too late."

Cang Wu was shocked: "Could it be that the two elders have already..."

Great Elder: "Hey! I'm afraid that's the case!"

Heze frowned: "How could this be? What the **** happened on the Temple of Vientiane?"

Cangwu also didn't understand: "Isn't 457 the work of other guardian forces?"

The elder shook his head slightly: "It's unlikely! According to the rules of heaven, guardians fight each other without any reward of attribute points and energy points. What's the benefit of fighting each other!"

"What's more, the guardian forces in this area all have a common goal, which is to eliminate all challenger forces in this area. As long as the elimination is successful, we can replace them and become a new challenge."

"We are qualified to participate in this year's War of Ten Thousand Worlds. This is our guardian force, waiting for the opportunity for thousands of years! Who would kill each other for some trivial matters, and do things that harm others and not oneself?"

As soon as these words came out, both Canggo nodded their heads.

yes!

Although these guardian forces are not from the same clan, their goals are the same.

For common interests, they have already secretly formed alliances.

Only this time, their family discovered the traces of a challenger in advance, and sent people to hunt them down for their own benefit.

The result can be...

"Elder, do you mean that the danger encountered by the second elder and others was caused by the challenger we were chasing?"

Heze suddenly asked.

The first elder took a deep breath: "Although the old man can't believe it, judging from the current situation, this is the only explanation."

Cang Wu frowned: "Isn't it impossible! The two elders and the other nine joined forces, even if they encountered a fourth-level powerhouse, they would all be able to retreat. Is that person stronger than the fourth-level heaven?"

Black Ze also said: "I also think it is unlikely! Now, the novice assessment period is only the fifth day, even if those challengers have a peerless genius, it is very good to be able to reach the strength of the third heaven."

Cangwu: "Yeah! Besides, the challengers in this world are from Xiaoqian World, and the probability of being a peerless genius can be said to be zero!"

The two said it very firmly!

They firmly believe that a small world like the Blue Star Realm cannot produce peerless geniuses.

The Great Elder nodded slightly, with some approval in his heart.

Not to mention that there are few peerless geniuses in Xiaoqian World, even if there are peerless geniuses, it is unlikely that they will reach the strength of the fourth-level heaven within five days.

And if you want to kill the second elder and others, you must have the strength of the fourth layer of heaven.

It turned out that the peak of the human level was divided into the first layer of heaven and the second layer of heaven, which represented the guardian spirit beasts who had the strength to defeat the Tianji Temple and the Wanxiang Hall.

If you can defeat the guardian spirit beasts in the third heaven, you will be able to step into the holy martial arts hall of the third heaven, participate in the holy martial arts assessment, and become an earth-level powerhouse.

Therefore, the weakest earth-level powerhouse is also known as the earth-level triple heaven.

Further up, that is the fourth layer of heaven, and the guarding spirit beasts are also at the earth-level realm, and their strength is very powerful.

Many of the powerhouses of the Earth-level Three-Tier Heaven were unable to defeat them, so naturally they were not eligible to enter the Fourth-Tier Temple.

And the powerhouses who can break into the fourth-level temple are generally called the earth-level fourth-level heaven powerhouses, and the powerhouses at the ground-level are considered relatively powerful existences.

In fact, the Great Elder is an earth-level fourth-level expert.

If he controls the power of heaven and earth and exerts his full strength, his combat power can exceed 400 stars.

Thinking of this, the first elder said: "Whether the second elder and others are alive or dead, I will go and rescue them!"

Cang Wu's eyes lit up: "Elder, are you going to do it yourself?"

Heize was also pleasantly surprised: "Elder, you are a master of the Fourth Layer. If you take action, you will definitely be able to find out what happened on the Vientiane Temple?"

The first elder shook his head slightly: "This matter is not so simple! Even if the old man takes action, he is not sure that he can keep the other party, and he must find some helpers."

Hearing this, Kurago and the two were not surprised.

The Great Elder has always been a cautious person, the kind that kills chickens and uses a butcher's knife.

What's more, what happened to the second elder and others is really strange, and we have to take a safe and sound plan.

The first elder continued: "Our Cang clan's nine divisions are all guarding this area. Among the nine divisions, the Cang Yan Division and the Blue Wind Division have the best relationship with our Cang Earth Division. As long as we ask for it, they will definitely send someone. Come help."

"Cangwu, you should go to the Blue Flame Department now and ask them to send a prefecture-level powerhouse to help. Kurosawa, go to the Blue Wind Department to ask for help!"

"Yes! Great Elder!"

The two of Cangwu quickly took orders.

The first elder said with a worried expression: "Hurry up! The sooner the better! The old man is worried that if it's too late, that person will leave Tongtian Lake. I don't want to talk about revenge, I don't even know what the enemy is like. ."

As soon as these words came out, the two of Canggo felt a sense of urgency.

"Elder, let's take the teleportation array to the Blue Flame Department and the Blue Wind Department!"

After saying this, the two left in a hurry...

At the same moment, on the Universal Square.

Qin Feng was standing on the teleportation array and was choosing the village to teleport.

Today, he has saved the Dragon Country compatriots in nine villages.

The rescue process went very smoothly!

All the compatriots are very cooperative, and they are even more grateful to him, and there are many boys and girls who admire him.

"There are still seven villages left. Which one do you want to choose this time?"

Qin Feng looked at the light screen in front of him and was choosing to go to the village.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of 2-level novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 200, which is the standard required for a 3-level village. 】

[Reminder: The number of level 3 novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 30, which is the standard required for level 3 villages. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Longyuan Village has completed all the hard-core conditions for upgrading, and you can upgrade to a level 3 village with just one click of the village head to upgrade. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body trembled, and his eyes lit up instantly.

Longyuan Village can finally be upgraded to level 3!

The first place in this village competition will be won immediately.