Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was surprised.

At the same time, Longyuan Village received announcements from top to bottom.

Suddenly, from every corner, there were earth-shattering cheers

Chapter 187 The strength has skyrocketed, and everyone is cheering!

After Qin Feng was delighted, he looked at the light screen in front of him again and was ready to go.

He doesn't plan to upgrade the village right away.

At this moment, Qi Yue's excited voice sounded in his ears.

Qiyue: "Master! I saw the announcement, our Longyuan Village can be upgraded to a level 3 village!~"

Qin Feng: "Yeah!"

Qiyue: "Everyone is so excited. The channel is full of chatter now! Master, are you upgrading now - village?"

Qin Feng: "It will take a while."

Qiyue puzzled: "Why - ah?"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Upgrading the village, all villagers will receive the blessings of Heaven and get a lot of attribute rewards."

"Since this is the case, I will naturally take all my compatriots into the village and then upgrade. In this way, everyone can benefit."

Qiyue was pleasantly surprised: "Hey! Yes! The master is still smart! I will tell everyone now that they are in a hurry!"

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

The next second, he chose a village and teleported away.

At the same time, Qiyue has entered the village chat channel, which is full of jubilation.

"Great! Our village can finally be upgraded!"

"Haha! Level 3 village! Each villager can get 400 attribute rewards!"

"God! 400 attributes? Did I hear it wrong?"

"Upstairs, are you new here? So let me tell you, a level 2 village is upgraded to a level 3 village, and each villager can get 200 attribute points as a reward."

"Hey! Didn't you just say 400 points!"

"Hey! 200 attribute points, that refers to ordinary villages. Our Longyuan Village is different. The difficulty of upgrading is doubled, and the reward is also doubled, so it is 400 attribute points."

"Wow! It turns out that our Longyuan Village is so strong!"

"Haha! Upstairs, wait for a while, and you will know how awesome our Longyuan Village is! You will also know that our boss Qin Feng is a god-like existence!"

"Haha! Brother, the more you talk, the more excited I get! Boss Qin Feng is really amazing, he has made Longyuan Village so powerful!"

"Yeah! 400 attribute rewards! I can't even imagine it! By the way, I'm only level 5 now. If I get these 400 attribute rewards, then my combat effectiveness will not be worse than that of a level 10 powerhouse, and even You can leapfrog and kill monsters!"

"Of course! As long as you get 400 attributes, even if you are only level 5, you can leapfrog and kill level 8 and level 9 beasts."

"Wow! Awesome! Saved! I'm definitely saved! Woohoo! I can finally stop dying!"

"Woo! Me too! I'm only level 5! I'm so excited to see you say that! I'm so moved!"

"Haha! The two upstairs, you don't have to get excited! Everything will be fine!"

"Woo! I can't control my excitement! I thought that if I joined Longyuan Village, I would be able to exchange energy stones and chop wood to upgrade. These have greatly accelerated our upgrade speed. Unexpectedly, there are also Such a great benefit!"

"Hey! This is a great benefit? Everyone, you underestimate the ability of our boss. Besides, we have a bigger benefit!"

"God! What's more good?"

"Brother, what's the benefit of that?"

"Let me tell you the truth! Our Longyuan Village is participating in the village upgrade competition. The top three villagers who are promoted to level 3 villages will get 500 attribute points reward. However, we have doubled the difficulty, so the reward is 1000 attribute points. "

"My God! 1000 attributes! Crazy! Crazy! I'm going crazy with joy!"

"Wow! With these 1000 attribute rewards, I can reach level 10 while lying down. Happy! This is so happy!"

"Haha! The people upstairs, as long as you follow our boss, you will definitely not suffer. Our boss said that if he wants to save all the compatriots, he can definitely do it."

"That's right! That's right! Boss Qin Feng is really amazing! Too great!"

"Woo! It's the first time my little sister is so excited! From now on, the boss Qin Feng is the only idol in my life!"

"By the way, when will the boss upgrade the village? I can't wait."

"Yeah! I can't wait!"

"Call boss! Call dear boss! Hurry up and upgrade the village!"

At this moment, the blood in the channel was boiling, and everyone was extremely excited.

The newly joined villagers went crazy with joy.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With so many attribute rewards, if they can't pass the novice assessment, they are pigs.

The same is true!

As long as Longyuan Village completes the upgrade, those newcomers will immediately undergo earth-shaking changes, and all of them can skyrocket in strength.

Thinking of this, everyone couldn't wait to upgrade the village.

At this moment, Qi Yue's avatar jumped.

Qiyue: "Everyone, don't be in a hurry. The master said just now that the upgrade of the village will be postponed, and he is going to recruit other compatriots."

"Huh! Why?"

"Miss Qiyue, why didn't the boss upgrade first?"

The crowd was a little impatient.

Qiyue: "The master said that he wants to recruit all the compatriots in, and then upgrade the village. In this way, all the compatriots can get attribute rewards!"

Everyone was stunned.

"Wow! The boss is still thoughtful!"

"Yes! In this way, all compatriots can be rescued!"

"We all lack the big picture of the boss, and just thought of ourselves."

"Woo! I feel more and more that I am in love with brother Qin Feng!"

"Haha! The girl upstairs, don't think about it! Not everyone is worthy of a **** like the boss."

"What! You don't think I'm worthy?"

"Everyone, stop talking! Let's wait for the boss to recruit all our compatriots! Don't disturb the boss's actions!"

"As it should be!"

0

At the moment, everyone was excited and waited anxiously one by one.

At the same time, Qin Feng was also recruiting the whole village.

The population of Longyuan Village has been skyrocketing wildly.

He saw it in his eyes and was happy in his heart.

The greater the population, the greater the benefit he will receive in the future.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

Qin Feng finally recruited all the remaining seven villages, and the population of Longyuan Village reached more than 15,000.

This is quite a force!

In fact, the population standard of the town-level forces is only 10,000.

Longyuan Village reached the standard early!

In short, in this way, all the Dragon Country compatriots were saved.

Longyuan Village was full of joy.

The gratitude of those newcomers to Qin Feng is beyond words!

At the same moment, on the Universal Square.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief and walked down from the teleportation array.

"Finally done!"

He sighed in his heart.

This time, he gained a population of more than 10,000 and opened more than a dozen village branches, greatly expanding the sphere of influence of Longyuan Village.

However, he built three teleportation arrays, connecting the original 618 villages, 34 villages, and 77 villages respectively.

After all, these three villages once participated in the resource gambling with Longyuan Village. The original resources are rich, and they can be connected to the headquarters with the teleportation array first.

As for the remaining thirteen villages, they also need to be connected by teleportation arrays.

Only by opening the teleportation array can these scattered villages be integrated into a whole.

So, those teleportation arrays must be created.

Unfortunately, Qin Feng does not have the fifth-order bones in his hands, so he cannot continue to create a teleportation array.

If he wants to create a teleportation array, he must search for more fifth-order bones.

Having said that, he created three teleportation formations in a row, each of which was rewarded with 200 attribute points.

Now, his free attribute points have accumulated to 1359 points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the attribute panel and began to add points to himself.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Village competition reminder: The second level 2 village has appeared. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

Longyuan Village is about to reach level 3, and a second level 2 village appears.

It can be seen that the advantages of Longyuan Village are too obvious.

In the future, Longyuan Village will become the largest force in the Blue Star Realm, and there is a lot to do!

At the moment, Qin Feng continued to add some points to himself.

After a while, he finished adding points, and his combat power soared to 363 stars.

Qin Feng felt happy.

This is another big step closer to his 500-star combat power goal.

However, his ascension has only just begun.

Immediately, he clicked on the 'village chief operation interface' and pressed the 'one-key upgrade'

Chapter 188: Long Yuan has been upgraded again, an earth-shaking breakthrough!

At the same moment, in the Longyuan Village chat channel, everyone was excited and anxiously waiting.

"Brothers, all the compatriots have been recruited, just waiting for the boss to upgrade the village!"

"Yeah! I can't wait!"

"I don't know what other benefits will there be in addition to attribute rewards after upgrading to level 3 villages?"

"Haha! Upstairs, you are too greedy! I'm already very satisfied with what attribute points are rewarded."

"Hey! I'm also very satisfied! However, every time the village is upgraded, there will be new changes. This time, there should be some."

"I also think there will be, I'm really looking forward to it!"

"Yeah! I hope the boss will upgrade the village soon, I'm so impatient to wait!"

Just when the words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.