Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village has been upgraded successfully! Longyuan Village has been upgraded from a level 2 village to a level 3 village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 400 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the village chief, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 800 attribute rewards. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village's headquarters and seventeen village branches.

"Upgraded! Finally upgraded!"

"Haha! Great! Really great!"

"Take off! I'm taking off!"

Boom~Long~Long!

The next second, the sky is shaking!

Thousands of white beams of light fell from the sky!

All the villagers of Longyuan Village have skyrocketed their attribute points, and in a blink of an eye, their attributes have skyrocketed by 400 points.

Earth-shattering cheers echoed over the village one after another.

At the same moment, on the Universal Square.

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

In a blink of an eye, he skyrocketed 800 attributes.

Qin Feng was quite happy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 3 village, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 5 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 3, and the villagers have the permission to upgrade to level 4 wooden houses. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 3, and the population cap was raised to 100,000. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 3 village, and the level 2 permission for life occupation was opened. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 3, and the maximum number of teleportation arrays has been increased to 20. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 3, and the exchange price of energy stones was reduced to 3 contribution points (the price will not be reduced in the future). 】

As soon as this information came out, the audience cheered again.

In particular, the price of energy stones has dropped again.

Now it only takes 3 contribution points to exchange for one piece.

This is a great benefit for everyone.

Especially for those newcomers, it is simply God's blessing to them.

Of course, the energy stone has since dropped to the lowest price, and will not drop in price in the future.

However, the villagers were already extremely satisfied.

At this moment, another announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm.

[Village Competition Reminder: Congratulations to Longyuan Village in District 1 for being the first to be promoted to Level 3 Village, winning the first place in this competition and getting the highest level reward. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this news came out, it immediately caused a sensation in the entire Blue Star Realm.

That area channel is even more frying in an instant!

Those western white skins, eastern Sakurajima, Asan, and Nanbang were all dumbfounded.

Until this moment, they didn't know that the power of Longyuan Village far exceeded their expectations...

At this moment, the entire Blue Star Realm was shocked.

From then on, the name of Longyuan Village will be famous all over the world, resounding all over the world!

At the same time, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven also sounded over the major villages of Longyuan Village.

[Announcement: Congratulations to Longyuan Village for winning the first place in this competition, and reward all villagers with 1000 attribute points! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Longyuan Village for winning the first place in this competition, and rewarding the village chief Qin Feng with 2000 attributes! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

Another shocking move!

Thousands of beams of light fell!

The attribute points of the villagers have skyrocketed, and they have increased by 1,000 points in a blink of an eye.

In the chat channel, cheers sounded one after another.

"1000 points! Got another 1000 attribute rewards!"

"Haha! Accumulated 1400 attribute points! This upgrade is really cool!"

"Haha! Happiness! I'm so happy!"

"Brothers, I'm going to add some points! 1400 attribute points, I'll be soft on it! Haha!"

"Haha! I'm going too!"

"I'll go as well!"

At this moment, everyone laughed and opened the panel to add some points to themselves...

On the other side, on the Universal Square.

A beam of light fell on Qin Feng, and his attribute points soared by another 2000 points.

In this way, his free attribute points accumulated to 2800 points.

At the moment, he opened the panel in a happy mood, and began to add some points to himself...

At the same time, Blue Star Realm, Yongye Village.

At the foot of Hellfire, Dracula and John looked at the sky in shock.

Just now, they heard Tiandao's reminder that Longyuan Village won the first place in the village competition.

Not long ago, they were still proud of Yongye Village becoming the second village to be promoted to Level 2.

But he didn't want to, just one minute later, Longyuan Village was promoted to level 3.

After a long time, Dracula came back to his senses.

"Oh! It's really unexpected! It turns out that the really powerful existence is not Wuzhuangguan Village or Guangming Village, but Longyuan Village, which has always been underestimated by us."

"Yes! Your Majesty, this Longyuan Village is too unexpected."

At this moment, the two of them sighed.

Only then did they know that Longyuan Village had been greatly underestimated before.

But they didn't know that Longyuan Village was twice as difficult to upgrade.

They haven't really understood how powerful Longyuan Village is...

But on the Wanxiang Square, Qin Feng added a little more happily.

In just a moment, he added 2800 attributes, and his combat power soared to 401 stars, breaking the number of 400 in one fell swoop!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

According to this progress, he is very hopeful that he will increase his combat power to 500 stars before the end of the novice assessment period.

In this way, he has the hope of obtaining the title of 'Supreme Novice'.

Novice Supreme!

This is an extra chance obtained after completing the first stage of the task of the god-level village. Those strong in the world have no chance to obtain this chance.

Of course he should cherish it!

If he misses it this time, he won't have a second chance to get it.

As for what will happen after obtaining it, Qin Feng also has more guesses.

It's like his novice human emperor title. With this title, he can trigger some hidden tasks, such as recruiting people from the Qi clan.

Maybe after getting the novice supreme title, you will also get more opportunities and benefits.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at his combat power and reputation.

His current combat power is 401 stars, and his reputation is 152 points.

To get the title of 'Novice Supreme', you need to have a combat power of 500 stars and a reputation of 200 points. He still has a long way to go!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, there are still two days left before the end of the novice assessment.

As long as he works hard, there is still hope.

"It seems that I still have to find a way to improve some strengths, so don't slack off!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: Your villager Li Ying's combat power has exceeded 30 stars, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Liu Zhiyuan's combat power has exceeded 30 stars, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Yang Yichao's combat power has exceeded 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

…………

At this moment, one after another information of attribute feedback came.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised.

He was still thinking about how to improve his strength just now, but he didn't expect the benefits to come so quickly.

It turned out that when the villagers finished adding points, their strength skyrocketed.

The combat power of some of them has broken through to 30 stars, giving Qin Feng back a lot of attributes.

In the blink of an eye, the number of feedback messages reached 137, and Qin Feng received a total of 1370 attribute rewards.

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan's combat power has exceeded 50 stars, and you have received 24.90 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 50 stars, and you have received 20 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Lei Jue's combat power has exceeded 50 stars, and you have been rewarded with 20 attribute points. 】

…………

Another wave of feedback rewards!

This wave is when the combat power exceeds 50 stars, and each one will feed back 20 attributes.

It turns out that outstanding players such as Qishan, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Wu Yong, and Longshan have also exceeded 50 stars in combat power.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng received another 420 attribute rewards.

The accumulation of two waves of backfeeding is 1790 attribute rewards.

Qin Feng was in a good mood, and quickly opened the property panel to add some points to himself again...

At the same time, the Great World, the Cangtu tribe.

At this moment, the teleportation formation in the corner of his tribe suddenly lit up with aura.

After a while, three figures appeared on the formation.

One of them is Kurago.

Behind him, there were also two proud old men standing, all of them exuding the aura of the Earth-level realm.

It turned out that the reinforcements Cang Wu had brought from the Cang Yan Department had arrived.