Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 189 The potential is unlimited, the goal is divine!

At this moment, the three of them got off the teleportation formation.

"Two elders, this way please!"

Kurago respectfully led the way ahead.

It turned out that the two old men were the elders of the Cang Yan Department, and they were both masters of the Earth-level Third Heaven.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The two old men nodded slightly and followed behind Cangwu.

But at this moment, the teleportation array lit up again.

The three of them couldn't help but follow the sound, and saw three figures reappearing in the teleportation array, one of which was Kurosawa.

It turned out that Kurosawa had also invited reinforcements from the Blue Wind Department.

"Hey! Brother Wind Breath!"

After seeing the three of Kurosawa, the two elders of the Cang Yan Department looked at an old man beside Kurosawa in surprise.

It was an old man wearing a cyan robe, with a thin face, a goatee beard on his chin, and sharp eyes.

He is the second elder of the Blue Wind Department.

As soon as Feng Xi appeared, the two elders of the Cang Yan Department showed respect and took the initiative to approach them to chat.

In this world of slaughter of the heavens, strength has always been respected.

The same is true of the guardians.

"Brother Fengxi, you are here too!"

The two elders of the Cang Yan Department politely stepped forward to greet them.

Fengxi stroked his beard and sighed: "If such a big event happened in the Cangtu clan, this old man naturally wants to come over to take a look. Our nine clan clans share the same blood, so how can we not ask. Let's go, let's go to see Cangyuan!"

Cangyuan was the Great Elder of the Cangtu Ministry.

At this time, Cang Wu immediately said: "Elders, please come with me!" 07

The next group walked towards the depths of the tribe.

It didn't take long for Cangaki to come forward to receive the four old men.

These four are elder-level powerhouses.

Except for the wind breath, which is the fourth-level heaven at the earth level, the rest are the third-level heaven at the earth level.

As soon as the two sides met, they went straight to the topic and talked about the second elder.

After a while, Fengxi was surprised: "Brother Cangyuan, what do you mean, the enemy Cang Song and the others encountered was a challenger?"

Cang Song is the name of the second elder of the Cangtu Ministry.

Cangyuan smiled bitterly: "That's just the old man's speculation!"

Fengxi smiled disapprovingly: "Brother Cangyuan, this old man thinks your guess is inaccurate. It's only the fifth day of the novice test, so it's impossible to have such a formidable challenger."

As soon as these words fell, the other elders agreed.

"The old man also thinks it's impossible! The person who can make Cangsong happen is at least a powerhouse of the fourth level. Within five days, there will be a powerhouse of the fourth level, even the human beings in the Great Thousand World can't do it."

"That's right! Even if the big world can't do it, the challengers of our big world are all from a small world human named Lan Xing. It's even more impossible for them to do it."

Cangyuan smiled bitterly: "The old man also said that, those are just speculations. As for what happened, I need to go to Tongtian Lake to investigate."

Fengxi nodded: "It makes sense! It's not too late, we rush to Tongtian Lake, maybe we can stop that person. If it is one step later, I'm afraid that people will go to the building empty."

Another elder also echoed: "That's right! I'll wait for five people to shoot together, even if that person is a fourth-level powerhouse, he won't be able to escape."

"Everyone! Then let's go now!"

Immediately, the five prefecture-level experts from Cangyuan set off for Tongtian Lake.

Kurogo and Kurosawa are also close behind...

At the same moment, on the Universal Square.

Qin Feng has finished adding points, and his combat power has skyrocketed to 433 stars again, which is another step closer to the goal of 500 stars.

It made him feel good.

Having said that, the benefits of being a village chief are really not small!

All this is just the beginning.

As the villagers of Longyuan Village become more and more powerful and their population grows, the feedback he will receive will be endless and innumerable.

Just thinking about it makes me excited.

At this moment, Qi Yue's happy voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, Yue'er has just risen to level 11, and her combat power has also broken through to 50 stars!"

Qin Feng: "I saw it! Now there are only twenty-one people in Longyuan Village with a combat power of 50 stars, and you are one of them. And your level is the lowest, indicating that you have the greatest potential."

Being praised by Qin Feng, the little girl was very happy.

In her mind, getting Qin Feng's approval is the best praise in the world.

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, I can break through 50 stars so quickly, or because I have a 3rd-level wooden house and the title of a novice! Otherwise, I didn't reach 50 stars so quickly."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was also quite relieved.

This little girl is his personal assistant, and naturally the stronger she is, the better.

Qin Feng: "Little girl, your performance is also very good. I didn't expect you to reach level 11 so quickly."

Qiyue said happily: "I can rise to level 11 so quickly, thanks to the spiritual liquid that the master gave me! The spiritual liquid not only allows me to maintain the force field at all times, but also continuously provides me with energy points."

"This kind of uninterrupted absorption of spiritual liquid, the upgrade speed is much faster than my killing monsters and chopping wood, almost twice their efficiency."

Qin Feng rejoiced: "Not bad! Not bad! Just kill two birds with one stone!"

He was worrying about how to upgrade Qiyue in the future!

He has been hiding the little girl in the zero-degree space, and he can't keep her from leveling up, and the magical effect of spiritual fluid just solves this problem.

In the future, the little girl can also upgrade with him.

Qiyue: "Master, let me tell you one more thing! I just found out that many talents in our village are level 8 and 9, and their combat power has exceeded 30 stars, especially the people from the headquarters of Longyuan Village!"

Qin Feng smiled and didn't speak.

Today's Longyuan villagers, as long as they reach level 10, their combat power will definitely exceed 30 stars.

This is the background of Longyuan Village.

Qiyue continued: "My grandfather once said that humans in Xiaoqian World generally reach level 10, and their combat power is about 15 stars. Humans in Middle Thousand World, when they reach level 10, their combat power is about 30 stars. "

"That is to say, the potential and strength of the villagers of our Longyuan Village are comparable to those of the humans in the Zhongqian World."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "This is interesting!"

He was also a little surprised.

Unexpectedly, after his series of operations, he actually raised the quality of the villagers of Longyuan Village to the level of a thousand human beings.

This is a huge improvement!

A sense of achievement rose in Qin Feng's heart.

Afterwards, he asked again, "Yue'er, what is the level of the human beings in the Great Thousand World?"

Qiyue: "My grandfather said that the human in the Great Thousand World has risen to level 10, and the combat power is around 50 stars."

Qin Feng: "In this way, your current potential is similar to that of the human beings in the Daqian world."

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Let's barely count! Of course, I can only compare with the most ordinary humans in the world, and I can only compare with their elites, and I can't compare with the geniuses among them."

Qin Feng said with a smile: "This is just the beginning, I will let you grow slowly and eventually surpass the genius of the world!"

Qiyue: "Hee hee! The master is so nice! Yue'er doesn't care whether she becomes stronger or not, as long as she can follow the master for the rest of her life, Yue'er will be satisfied."

The little girl is very kind.

Qin Feng's heart is also warm.

Qiyue: "By the way, Master, will you go to the Holy Martial Hall and participate in the Holy Martial Assessment?"

Qin Feng: "I won't go for now! I want to get the title of 'Novice Supreme' first, and then go to participate in the assessment. In addition, I have an urgent thing to do!"

In fact, with Qin Feng's current strength, it is almost no problem to get the 150-grade base building.

His greatest ambition right now is not to build a top-grade foundation, but to build a foundation of the highest level of divine grade.

What kind of strength is needed to build the foundation of the gods, so that it is possible to pass, few people in the heavens and the world really know, and Qin Feng is even more impossible to know.

However, he guessed that it must be harder than getting the title of 'Supreme Novice'.

If he can't even get the novice supreme title, it will be even more impossible to obtain the foundation of the gods.

Therefore, his goal is to first obtain the title of Novice Supreme, and then go to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

Qiyue: "Master, what urgent matter do you have to deal with?"

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Little girl, you forgot? I just took an S-level mission. For the second stage mission, I need to go to the bottom of Tongtian Lake and trigger the mission opportunity."

"This matter must be completed within 48 hours, otherwise the mission will be deemed a permanent failure. Now, six hours have passed, and I can't delay any longer."

Qi Yue anxiously said: "Yes! This matter can't be delayed! That S-level mission is the master's greatest chance at present."

"Also, now our Longyuan Village has been upgraded to level 3. Next, we should upgrade the village to level 4. Now everyone wants to know what conditions are required to upgrade the village to level 4. Everyone is waiting for your announcement. Woolen cloth!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Yes! If you didn't remind me, I almost forgot. Upgrading the village is extremely important, and I can't slack off. I'll check the upgrade requirements now."

A level 4 village is the highest level in a village.

Go up to level 5, and it's not a village, it's a town.

Qin Feng is very concerned about upgrading the village.

After finishing the conversation, he couldn't wait to open the village chief interface and check it out.

Chapter 190: Level 4 Village, Prisoner of War Order!

Qin Feng is very concerned about upgrading the village.

After finishing the conversation, he couldn't wait to open the village chief interface and check it out...

[List of conditions for upgrading to level 4 villages]

【Population reaches more than 5000】

[The village chief needs to obtain the title of "Rookie Emperor"]

[The village chief's novice cabin needs to be upgraded to level 5]

[The number of first-class wooden houses has reached more than 2,000]

【The number of level 2 wooden houses has reached more than 500】

[The number of level 3 wooden houses has reached more than 100]

[The number of level 4 wooden houses has reached more than 20]

[Level 10 strong people reach more than 500 people]

[More than 10 public buildings. 】

[Note: The upgrade standard of Longyuan Village is twice that of ordinary villages, and the rewards are also doubled. 】

"Hey! The difficulty of upgrading Longyuan Village has not been lowered, which is a good thing!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

In the previous village competition, Longyuan Village inspired double difficulty. He thought it was only temporary, but he did not expect it to be permanent.

This is an opportunity for Longyuan Village.

Because the difficulty is doubled, the reward is also doubled.

In this way, Longyuan Village will always be stronger than villages of the same level.