Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the news came out, the whole audience was in a frenzy.

"Fuck~! Lighter! The source of life!"

"With a lighter, you can make a fire, and you can make barbecue continuously!"

"Boss Qin Feng, did you make a mistake? You want to sell lighters? You are going to cut off your own business source!"

"The lighter is very useful now! I'm so excited!"

"I'm also moved! But I don't have Tier 1 equipment!"

Many people mourned.

I'm afraid no one would have thought that a small lighter could cause such a big sensation.

In today's novice stage, which lacks fire, a lighter is comparable to a good little equipment.

However, it is useless to Qin Feng.

Because Qin Feng has mastered flame control, he can start a fire without a lighter.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled and left the chat channel, entered the trading channel, and hung the lighter in the items for sale.

After doing all this, he quit the channel...

A quarter of an hour later, by the bonfire.

Qin Feng took several novice short knives in his hand, extracted the rust and residue, and refurbished them into first-order exquisite steel knives.

After doing this, he was very satisfied.

[Reminder: Liu Yuan exchanged your cigarette lighter with the first-order Spirit Fruit - Condensed Essence Fruit. 】

what!

What the hell!

A lighter can really be exchanged for a spirit fruit!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He quickly entered the personal transaction page and took out the item.

The next second, white light flashed.

He has a purple spirit fruit in his hand, the size of a ping-pong ball, exuding an attractive fruity fragrance.

That is condensed fruit.

【Name】: Condensed fruit

[Grade Rank]: First-Order Spirit Fruit

【Efficacy】: Non-toxic, can enhance energy after consumption.

Non-toxic!

Then you can eat directly!

Kacha~!

Qin Feng took a big bite without hesitation, and sure enough, a cool and sweet smell flowed into his body...

The taste is not bad, a little mint feeling.

Soon, he dried the spirit fruit in a few mouthfuls.

The spirit fruit entered his stomach, turned into cold energy, and rushed straight to the sea of ​​​​knowledge in his brain, strengthening his energy...

After a while, those spirit fruit energies were completely integrated into his sea of ​​consciousness...

[After eating the condensed fruit, you will gain 9 energy attributes. 】

Qin Chuan was shocked!

Omg! 9 points attribute!

A spirit fruit actually gave him 9 attributes, which was the most difficult energy attribute to increase!

It's a real bargain!

The value of spirit fruit is higher than that of spirit grass!

Almost one spirit fruit is comparable to 3 spirit grasses!

strangeness!

Liu Yuan actually took out such a precious spiritual fruit and exchanged it with himself for a lighter, why was he so willing?

correct!

Not everyone has true seeing.

Then Liu Yuan only knew that this spirit fruit was a first-order spirit fruit, but he didn't know whether it was poisonous or not, so he didn't dare to eat it at all.

In this world full of killing, everyone has to be careful if they want to survive.

In case of poisoning, there is no hospital here, and there is no one to save you.

Thinking about it, Qin Feng understood why Liu Yuan was willing to sell it.

It is precisely because of this that he made a big bargain.

Then next, he should sell steel knives.

Thinking of this, he entered the chat channel and sent a few messages.

Qin Feng: "Sell a large number of Tier 1 exquisite steel knives in exchange for 3 Spirit Grass, or 1 Spirit Fruit, or other Tier 1 equipment."

Qin Feng: "In addition, long-term acquisition of 0-order novice short knife, 10 pounds of barbecue for a handle."

As soon as these news were released, the entire chat channel was completely fried. …

Chapter 23 Urgent challenge, resource gambling!

"Wow~! Qin Feng is selling Tier 1 weapons!"

"Fuck~! It's still sold in large quantities! Qin Feng, where did you get rich, how come you have so many Tier 1 weapons!"

"I know the name of Qin Feng's boss, why is it always gray. He should be hiding in a secret place, where is the weapon refining, those first-order weapons should be refined by him."

"Yeah! I just said, why did Qin Feng want to buy a 0-level novice short knife?"

"Boss Qin Feng, have you awakened your blacksmith talent?"

"Upstairs, Qin Feng has made many Tier 1 weapons so quickly. How could it be a blacksmith talent? He should have awakened a genius craftsman talent!"

"No matter what, I only want Tier 1 weapons now!"

"Woo! I want it too! I envy those who have Tier 1 weapons!"

"But I don't have anything to change! Brother Qin Feng, can you give me a hand? Please!"

At this time, Qin Feng sent another message.

Qin Feng: "You can exchange 3 level 4 beast corpses for a steel knife, or 1 level 5 beast corpse!"

Boom~!

There was an uproar in the chat area again.

"Fuck~! You can replace 3 level 4 beast corpses!"

"My God! The corpse of a level 5 beast can also be replaced! It's so tempting!"

"Woooo~! It's a pity that I can't even beat level 3 beasts, let alone level 4 and 5 beasts."

"Boss Qin Feng, you are too advanced!"

"Brother Qin Feng, do you want a wife or not? As long as you take a steel knife as a betrothal gift, the little sister will be yours."

...

Qin Feng smiled and said nothing when he saw this.

His next goal is to go directly to the level 6 vicious beast area and kill the level 6 vicious beast.

For level 3 to level 5 beasts, he was too lazy to do it himself, so he wanted to use this transaction method to let others bring the body of the beast to his door.

Immediately, he left the chat channel, entered the trading channel, and hung the thirteen steel knives among the items for sale.

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged your Tier 1 Exquisite Steel Knife with his Tier 1 equipment—the Power Bracelet. 】

what!

Just hang it up and sell one.

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He quickly entered the personal transaction page and took out the item.

The next second, white light flashed.

He has a black bracelet on his hand, the material is neither gold nor iron, engraved with strange runes, and the style is cool.

That's the power bracelet.

[Strength bracelet: +7 strength, Tier 1 equipment. 】

"Not bad! Not bad! Another piece of equipment!"

Qin Feng was delighted and quickly put it on his hand.

An invisible force spread throughout his body from the bracelet.

He suddenly felt a surge of energy.

That feeling is very comfortable.

At the same time, the strength attribute column appeared in his mind.

[Strength]: 91+7

After reading it, Qin Feng realized that the +7 behind the power index was provided by the equipment.

His four-dimensional attributes have the lowest power index.

Now with this bracelet, it makes up for the shortcomings.

So far, he has been equipped with three pieces of equipment, the first-order power bracelet, the first-order storage ring, and the second-order blood wolf sword.

The whole novice village is unparalleled!

In fact, 90% of people don't even have a piece of Tier 1 equipment.

"It's time to go!"

With a cigarette in his mouth, Qin Feng carried the blood wolf sword on his back, ready to leave...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Emergency Announcement: No. 137 Novice Village has activated the gambling order, forcibly connected to No. 911 Novice Village, and open resources for gambling! 】

No. 911 Novice Village?

Isn't it the novice village where you are!

Resource gambling?

What does it mean?

Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Resource gambling: For the losing party, all resources are halved, and everyone weakens their attributes by 20. For the victorious side, all resources are doubled, and everyone increases their attributes by 20. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, everyone was shocked.

Fuck it~!

This is actually a resource gamble!

Failure will be severely punished!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

What the **** is No. 137 Novice Village doing?