Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng felt happy at this thought.

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he found that there was another line of remarks below the level 4 village.

[Remarks: There will be 'Prisoner of War Order' resources in level 4 villages, the price is 1 contribution point 1 piece. 】

[Prisoner of War Order: Use this order to convert prisoners of war into slaves for the village to drive. 】

[Reminder: After the challenger becomes a slave, he will lose all challenger privileges, cannot upgrade, his strength will no longer increase, and he will lose all communication functions. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This looks good!

He suddenly thought that after the novice assessment is over, he will kill other villages and turn those white skins in the west, as well as Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbangs into slaves for his own village.

Let those slaves do heavy and tiring work, which can save a lot of manpower for Longyuan Village.

Thinking about it like this, it's really good to upgrade the village to level 4!

Qin Feng was delighted and checked the progress of Longyuan Village again.

[Village Name]: Longyuan Village

[Village Level]: Level 3

[Village Chief]: Qin Feng (novice emperor)

[Village Chief Beginner's Cabin]: Level 4

[Village population]: 15379 people

【Public buildings】: 6

[Level 1 Novice Cabin]: 1376 seats

[Level 2 Novice Cabin]: 207 seats

[Level 3 Novice Chalet]: 43 seats

[Level 4 Novice Cabin]: 0 seats

[Strong people above level 10]: 714 people

This progress has been very good!

In particular, the number of level 10 powerhouses has reached 714, which has already met the requirements for upgrading to level 4 villages.

There are also 1,476 level 1 wooden houses, which is soaring rapidly.

He remembered that two hours ago, there were only 1,000 Class 1 cabins.

In the past two hours, the number of seats has soared by 376.

It seems that the more the population is, the more efficient the collection of basic resources such as wood and stone will increase by dozens of times.

This is definitely a good thing!

After thinking about this, Qin Feng was in a good mood, so he clicked on the chat channel.

He wants to tell the villagers about the upgrade conditions of the village.

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone was excited.

As soon as he entered, he saw everyone happily discussing the improvement of their strength, full of infinite expectations for the future.

Qin Feng was also relieved. Just as he was about to announce the village upgrade conditions, Liu Yuan jumped out first.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, I found that there is still a big problem in our village."

Wu Yong: "Old Liu, what are you trying to force?"

Lei Jue: "Liu Yuan, what's the problem? Tell me about it!"

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, our Longyuan Village now has 17 branch villages, but only 4 villages including Sangqi Village and Longqi Village are connected by a teleportation array. The other 13 branch villages are not connected by a teleportation array. "

"Without the connection of the teleportation array, it is difficult to integrate into a whole, which is equivalent to being divided. This is not conducive to the development of Longyuan Village!"

As soon as these words fell, they immediately resonated with everyone.

"Yes! I've thought about this too!"

"I also think that every major village needs to build a teleportation formation. In this way, everyone can come and go freely, like a whole. If they encounter hostile forces, they can quickly reinforce it!"

"Yes! There is no teleportation formation in our village. I want to go to the headquarters of Longyuan Village to see, but I don't know how to get there!"

"Hey! Our village doesn't have it either!"

"Woooo! I really wish our village had a teleportation formation, so that everyone can go to the headquarters at any time, and they can also visit other villages at will."

"Yeah! It is very necessary to establish a teleportation array."

"To establish a teleportation array, only the boss can establish it."

"By the way, why did the boss only build five teleportation formations! The boss should build more."

"Upstairs, there must be a reason for the boss to do this."

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng came forward.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, building a teleportation array is one of the most urgent things at present. But I lack the key materials to build a teleportation array, so I can't continue to build it."

Boom~!

Qin Feng's appearance immediately caused cheers from the audience.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng has appeared!"

"Woo! Brother village chief, I finally see you again!"

"Haha! I'm so excited to finally meet the boss!"

"Hey! Boss, you said you lacked key materials, what exactly are they?"

"Yes! What kind of material is it?"

Everyone thought of Qin Feng's words again, and they all became concerned.

Qin Feng: "The key material is the fifth-order bones! To build a teleportation array, one unit of fifth-order bones is needed."

"Boss, where can I get the fifth-order bones?"

"Yeah! Where did you get this? Say it and let's work together!"

Qin Feng: "At present, the only way to get fifth-order bones is to hunt down the beasts of the earth-level realm. Their bone materials should belong to fifth-order."

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked.

"My God~! Killing earth-level beasts! This... this is too difficult!"

"Earth-level vicious beasts, the weakest have more than 200 stars! I can't imagine it!"

"The most troublesome thing is that we didn't even know that there were earth-level beasts there!"

"Hey! It seems that collecting fifth-order bones is a big problem!"

Everyone was worried.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I will handle this matter, you don't have to worry. Your next task, which villagers have not been promoted to level 10, hurry up and upgrade. The other one, everyone should prepare for the promotion of level 4 villages. ."

"What are the conditions for the boss to upgrade to a level 4 village?"

"Haha! Every time the village is upgraded, all of us can get huge benefits. It's really cool! This is many times better than our upgrade. The thing I want to do most now is to upgrade the village!"

"Haha! Me too! Boss, please tell me about the upgrade standard of the village!"

"Yeah! I can't wait to find out."

Qin Feng: "Upgrading a level 4 village, you have four main tasks, that is, upgrading wooden houses. You need 2,000 level 1 wooden houses, 500 level 2 wooden houses, 100 level 3 wooden houses, and 20 level 4 wooden houses."

Qin Feng: "I will complete the rest of the conditions. After that, I will send you all the standards for upgrading the wooden house in the form of the announcement."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was excited again.

"Haha! Boss, now that we have a lot of people, the speed of collecting wood, stone, iron ore, and animal skins has increased dozens of times, and the speed of upgrading wooden houses is much faster than before."

"Yeah! The tasks of upgrading the wooden house are all covered by us, and we will be able to complete it within 24 hours."

"Haha! Not only do we have to complete it, we have to over-complete it!"

At this moment, everyone was full of energy and their blood was boiling.

Seeing everyone's self-confidence, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Perhaps this is the benefit of having more people and more power.

If it is the previous population, the speed of collecting materials is definitely not so fast, and it is absolutely impossible to complete the wooden house task within 24 hours.

Qin Feng: "By the way, let me tell you one more piece of information. After you reach the level 4 wooden house, there will be a 'prisoner of war order' resource..."

At the moment, Qin Feng roughly recounted the information about the prisoner of war order.

As soon as he finished speaking, the chat channel was completely boiling.

"Haha! Too powerful! This prisoner of war order is too powerful!"

"Yeah! With those prisoner of war orders, we will be able to arrest those Western Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang."

"That's right! Kill those who should be killed when the time comes, and use the prisoner of war order to turn them into slaves if they are willing to surrender!"

"I've long been unhappy with those dog things!"

"Yeah! I've been holding back my anger for a long time, and I have no way to vent it! I'll wait for the novice assessment to end, and then I'll settle the account with them! I didn't expect that there would be such a good thing as a prisoner of war order in a 4th-level village!"

"Let those **** become slaves and let them do the heaviest and most tiring work for us!"

"Haha! When I think of this, I get excited, really excited!"

"Yeah! I can't wait to get revenge now! This time, I must let those **** know that those who violate our Dragon Kingdom will be punished even if they are far away!"

"Brothers, don't get too excited! Don't forget, we're not a level 4 village yet, and we don't have that authority yet. If you want to get the prisoner of war order authority, let's try to upgrade the village!"

"Yes! Everyone, try to upgrade the wooden house! Sprint for the level 4 village!"

"Haha! I'm going to chop wood now!"

"I'm going to quarry stone!"

"I'll go as well!"

"Haha! Everyone, let's sprint! Let's work together to upgrade the village to level 4!"

In the channel, the blood is boiling!

After learning of the existence of the prisoner of war order, the enthusiasm of the villagers to upgrade the village to level 4 increased, and they all wanted to upgrade the wooden house immediately.

Qin Feng was relieved.

Immediately, he will announce all the conditions for upgrading the village to level 4 in the form of an announcement.

After doing this, he quit the chat channel and donated 50 pieces of fire glaze.

This naturally caused another sensation!

Fire Glass is a key material for upgrading a level 4 wooden house.

With those 50 pieces of fire glazed glass, the biggest problem of Longyuan Village's level 4 wooden house has been solved.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng closed the Tiandao light screen.

Whoo~!

Finally done!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Next, he should act.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I just finished reading the standard for level 4 villages. From the current point of view, the biggest pressure to level 4 is on you!"

"After all, upgrading a wooden house is not difficult for our Longyuan Village. To upgrade a level 4 village, 10 public buildings are needed, and our village only has 6."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "As long as we build a few more teleportation arrays, it won't be enough."

Qiyue: "Yes! By the way, master, building a teleportation array requires fifth-order bones. Where do you get it?"