Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng: "The Tongtian Lake in front of me is boundless and vast, and there must be an earth-level beast under the lake. I'll go down and have a look. And if I want to trigger the second-stage mission of the god-level village, I also need to go to the bottom of the lake to explore."

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes! It just happens to kill two birds with one stone!"

Qin Feng smiled, ended the conversation with Qiyue, and walked forward.

This time, he went to the bottom of Tongtian Lake to see

Chapter 191 The second stage, the chance is triggered!

When he came to the edge of Wanxiang Square, Qin Feng overlooked the vast sea of ​​clouds.

By the way, he also forgot another thing, that is to upgrade the wooden house to level 5.

In order to upgrade Longyuan Village to a level 4 village, the village chief's wooden house must be upgraded to level 5.

He still doesn't know what conditions he needs to upgrade to a level 5 wooden house?

With this in mind, he opened the village chief's operation interface again and checked it.

[Level 5 cabin upgrade conditions]

[100 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[50 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[20 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[20 units of high-grade fur (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 piece of pentalithic core (4th-order resource)]

"It's not difficult to collect the rest of the materials. What is the nucleus of the pentasite?"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, without the slightest clue.

By the way, I killed those guardians before and got a lot of strange materials. I wonder if there are any in them?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly rummaged through the storage ring.

He killed nine guardians before, and all kinds of strange materials were kept in his storage ring.

The rest of the equipment and sundries were left to Qiyue to deal with.

In this way, Qin Feng rummaged through the materials one by one.

Moments later, he found a fist-sized yellow crystal in it.

[Penty soil crystal nucleus: Tier 4 resource, mainly produced in the Gen Valley with strong earth atmosphere, a necessary material for upgrading the level 5 wooden house, and also often used for refining soil equipment. 】

[Reminder: Gen Valley is located near the stronghold of the Cangtu tribe, and the Cangtu tribe is one of the nine tribes of the Cang tribe. 】

[Reminder: The Cang Clan is one of the seven major guardian forces in this region. 】

Qin Feng was surprised and happy.

He was delighted that the yellow crystal in his hand was really a nuclei of amphoteric earth.

He still has three nuclei like this.

To his surprise, a small crystal gave him a lot of important information.

For example, the nuclei of Wutu are mainly produced in the Gentu Valley.

The Gentu Valley is near the stronghold of the Cangtu Department.

There are also seven guardian forces in this area.

The Cang clan is only one of them, and the Cang 103 soil tribe is one of the nine tribes of the Cang clan.

Apparently, he got the pentium nuclei, triggering the hidden condition.

Tiandao revealed this information.

"These guardian forces are very strong! Just one Cangtu Ministry can dispatch two major powerhouses and eight peak human-level masters. It cannot be underestimated at all!"

Qin Feng's heart froze.

He has realized that after the novice assessment is over, his biggest enemy in this area is the seven guardian forces.

The relationship between the two parties, under the intervention of Heavenly Dao, is endless.

In the end, who can become the dominant force in this area depends on which side can win.

Besides, if he upgrades his village in the future, he will definitely need a lot of pentium crystal nuclei, so he needs to go to Gentu Valley.

And the Gentu Valley is near the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, and sooner or later, the two sides will have a resource war.

He didn't want to think so much anymore, he still hurry up and deal with the current affairs first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng summoned Qiyue.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er!"

Qiyue: "Master, do you have any orders?"

Qin Feng: "These are the resources needed to upgrade the level 5 wooden house. Go and collect them for me."

Qin Feng sent a piece of information in the past, all of which were information about the fine wood and fine iron needed to upgrade the level 5 wooden house.

Qiyue: "Okay! Master, Yue'er is going to buy it now!"

Qin Feng: "By the way, how is your level 4 wooden house upgrade progress?"

Qiyue: "Upgrading materials, Yue'er is collecting. The most difficult thing at present is the collection of fire glaze. Master, the 50 pieces of fire glaze you donated are gone as soon as you put it in, and Yue'er didn't grab it!"

Qin Feng: "I still have three pieces here, you can use it!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Hee hee! The master is so kind! My grandfather and my brother also need it, and three yuan is just enough."

Qin Feng smiled, then took out three pieces of fire glaze and sent them into the zero-degree space.

For him, Huo Liuli is no longer a scarce resource, because in the shops of Wanxiang Hall, there is Huo Liuli for sale.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng was ready to set off.

Boom~!

As soon as he thought about it, he released the wings of the wind.

As soon as his wings were spread, he flew downward, like a swooping Kunpeng.

In just a moment, he penetrated the rolling sea of ​​clouds and saw the sparkling lake below.

The noon sun shone on the endless lake, glittering with gold, incomparably magnificent.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Stir up a huge wave!

Qin Feng rushed into Tongtian Lake.

When he entered the lake, his water talent was automatically activated, and he could breathe freely underwater.

Those who explore underwater and master the talent of the water system have a great advantage.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Fortunately, Qin Feng has the talent of water element and can breathe freely underwater.

Otherwise, he triggers the mission opportunity underwater, and the difficulty will be greatly increased.

In this way, Qin Feng has been sinking to the bottom of the lake after turning on the underwater breathing mode.

During this process, he looked up and saw hundreds of giant fish all around him, all looking at him in astonishment.

Qin Feng's method of entering the lake was so violent that it shocked all the giant fish.

When they saw clearly, Qin Feng was only an 18th-level human, and the consternation in their eyes slowly faded, but instead there was a trace of bloodthirsty and greed.

I haven't eaten human flesh in a long time!

This human must have failed to break into the Temple of Vientiane and fell from the sky.

They have seen many cases like this.

As long as the fallen human beings are basically seriously injured, it is when they are at their weakest, and it is also the best time for them to attack.

Also, those who dare to break into the Vientiane Temple are basically human beings above level 30.

This stupid human, who is only level 18, dares to break into the Vientiane Temple, he is really courting death!

However, it just happens to be cheaper for them!

Goo~! Goo~! Goo~!

At the moment, hundreds of giant fish made strange calls one by one, looking extremely excited.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Afterwards, those giant fish swung their tails and rushed towards Qin Feng one by one.

Suddenly, the water at the bottom of the lake swelled and the waves rolled.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look up and look at the giant fish.

I saw those giant fish, shaped like sharks, with silver scales all over their bodies, and two gold threads. They were two or three feet long, with sharp teeth, scarlet eyes, and extremely violent aura.

【Ferocious Beast】: Man-Eating Shark

[Level]: Level 30

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 80 stars

[Characteristics]: Cannibal, guardian, bloodthirsty.

[Talent]: The True Meaning of Water (C rank)

【Skill】:? ?

[Explosion rate]: 30%

[Status]: Controlled

It turned out to be a man-eating shark, and it was still manipulated. There were hundreds of them, which was equivalent to a school of fish.

Qin Feng was excited.

What he likes most now is killing beasts and the like, which represents a lot of energy.

Whoa~la~la!

The water is surging!

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of man-eating sharks rushed to the front, wanting to tear Qin Feng apart and eat them.

Qin Feng raised his hand at will and shot thousands of ice arrows.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One after another ice arrows shot through all the fish!

Some penetrated the fish brain!

Some penetrated the body of the fish!

The seemingly ferocious shark group was vulnerable in front of Qin Feng.

Suddenly, the man-eating sharks turned their stomachs, and the scarlet blood stained the bottom of the lake.

One after another, white light of energy flew from the shark corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Succeeded in killing the level 30 Man-Eating Shark and obtained +10000 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 30 Man-Eating Shark and obtained +10000 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 30 Man-Eating Shark and obtained +10000 energy points. 】

...

In just a moment, Qin Feng killed all the sharks.

Hundreds of man-eating sharks brought him more than one million energy points, which made him feel good.

As a result, his level progress reached level 18, 11.31%.