Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Afterwards, he stepped forward to extract the shark corpse, and soon the full amount was extracted, and he got more than a dozen attributes, which was considered a small gain.

After this time, the bottom of the lake was blood red, and there was nothing that could stop Qin Feng.

In this way, he continued to sink and soon approached the bottom of the lake.

At this time, he also saw the scene at the bottom of the lake.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

I saw that at the bottom of the dark lake, there were actually human corpses lying in pieces, all of which were fragmented, and the bones were alive.

The scene turned out to be gloomy!

"Why are there so many human remains at the bottom of the lake?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

The gloomy scene in the field made him vigilant.

Before he knew it, he put his feet firmly on his feet and finally descended to the bottom of the lake.

Along with him were the shark carcasses.

Qin Feng ignored the shark corpses, looked at the nearest human corpse, and activated the eye of insight...

[The corpse: The intruder of the Temple of Vientiane fell into the lake and died due to failure. 】

Sure enough!

Qin Feng sighed.

Look at the corpses at the bottom of the lake, there are thousands of them.

Over the years, I don't know how many people have died under this lake.

It can be seen that breaking through the level of the Temple of Vientiane is also a very dangerous thing.

If you think about it, if you are defeated by the guarding spirit beast, and then fall from a height of ten thousand feet, you will basically be seriously injured and even die on the spot.

Even if they don't fall to their death, they will be eaten by the sharks.

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he looked up to the front.

He saw a storage ring on the phalanx of a corpse in front of him.

You must know that the people who died at the bottom of this lake are basically top human-level masters.

There must be some useful treasure in their storage ring.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng swam to the corpse.

After a while, he came to the corpse and was about to bend over to take the ring.

But when his hand touched the phalanx of the corpse, there was a bone-piercing mental energy coming from that phalanx.

Qin Feng suddenly felt a trance, and the skeleton in front of him changed, turning into a beautiful woman in a red dress.

Under this water, the skirt is close to the body, showing the graceful curves.

When she saw Qin Feng reaching out, she stretched out her hand with a sweet smile.

"Friend, did you also fall from the sky?"

The woman took the initiative to reach out and grab Qin Feng's wrist, and the coldness completely penetrated Qin Feng's skin.

Qin Feng suddenly felt that something was wrong, his eyes of insight activated, and his eyes shone brightly.

The eye of insight can break all illusions.

The next second, under the eyes of insight, he saw the woman in front of him, a white soul shadow, her face pale and blue, staring straight at him.

[Evil Object]: Alienation ghost (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 35

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 150 stars

[Talent]: The True Meaning of Darkness (C-level), the True Meaning of Water (C-level)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Characteristics]: The ghost does not disperse, guards.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former Vientiane Temple breaker, after his death, his resentment was hard to disappear. He was transformed into an alienated ghost by mysterious things with the power of darkness, and he was extremely fierce.

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

This is actually an alienated ghost, and its combat power has reached 150 stars, which is much stronger than the ghost that appeared in Tayue Town.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: congratulations on activating the second stage task of the god-level village]

Chapter 192 The Invisible Treasure Place

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: congratulations on activating the second stage task of the god-level village...]

[Task difficulty level C]

[Task content 1: Purify the bottom of Tongtian Lake, kill the alienated ghosts, and get the task item: 300 alienated soul stones. 】

[Task content 2: Purify the bottom of Tongtian Lake, kill the three king beasts, and get the task item: Alienation King Horn. 】

[Task content 3: Purify the bottom of Tongtian Lake and kill the mysterious things behind it. It is the source of controlling all of this, and obtain the task item: Evil Core. 】

[Reminder: Submit all the task items with one click, you can complete the tasks of this stage and get rewards. 】

[Reminder: The alienated ghost is a level 35 mutant evil, and its combat power is evaluated at 150 stars. 】

[Reminder: The three major beasts are the king beasts of the Earth-level realm. 】

[Reminder: The combat power of the mysterious thing behind is unknown, it is estimated that it will break 500 stars, maybe higher-, please be careful! 】

[Reminder: The task has been activated, and the completion time limit is 24 hours. If the time is exceeded and the task is not completed, the task is judged to be failed, and the task of the god-level village - village disappears. 】

[Reminder: The reward for this quest is the 'Treading Moon Town Land Deed Card', as well as other mysterious rewards. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this information came out, Qin Feng was surprised.

The second stage mission is finally activated.

He doesn't have to worry anymore, the 48-hour time limit for activating the opportunity.

At the same moment, Longyuan Village received this message from top to bottom, and the whole village became a sensation.

The god-level village quest is an S-level public quest!

Therefore, all the villagers can receive the information.

At this moment, the chat channel was in a frenzy.

"Haha! Activated! Activated! The boss finally activated the second-stage mission!"

"Yeah! It's so exciting! The god-level village mission can continue!"

"The two upstairs, don't be too happy! Let's take a look at the content of the task!"

"Hey! What the hell! Alienated ghosts with 150-star combat power, and three earth-level king beasts, mysterious things whose combat power is estimated to exceed 500-star combat power? My God! This... This task is too perverted. Bar!"

"Yes! It's scary! Is this really a C-level difficulty?"

"Yeah! The boss is still in the human-level realm. Can he deal with so many powerful evils? Especially the last mysterious thing, which has reached 500 star combat power, it is too terrifying!"

"Hey! It's alright if you don't say it. Now when you say it, I'm panicking. I'm so worried that the boss's mission won't pass!"

"Upstairs, don't panic! Do you still know what the boss is? When did the boss let us down!"

"That's right! I believe the boss will succeed!"

"I also believe that the boss will be successful!"

"That's right! We will silently pay attention to the progress of the boss, he will not let us down!"

Unconsciously, Qin Feng became a god-like existence in the eyes of the villagers.

Everyone has blind confidence in him.

It seems that as long as Qin Feng takes action, there is nothing that cannot be done...

At the same time, the bottom of the Tongtian Lake.

Qin Feng triggered the mission opportunity and was pleasantly surprised.

It was at this moment that the female ghost also felt it, and Qin Feng peeped through her true face.

She was taken aback.

This young man didn't seem to do anything, so he could easily see through her true face!

But this young talent is only level 18!

You must know that even a human-level peak powerhouse above level 30, once caught in her illusion, will never be able to escape.

Could it be that this level 18 young man is stronger than those peak human-level powerhouses above level 30?

roar~!

After being shocked, the female ghost suddenly became angry.

She roared strangely, and her face instantly changed, her delicate face became extremely ferocious, and a monstrous yin qi emanated from the sky.

That slender jade hand also turned into a claws, directly grabbing Qin Feng's heart.

She is going to take out this young man's heart and eat it beautifully!

She hasn't eaten people's hearts for a long time!

What's more, this 18th-level human was able to break her illusion, which made her extremely annoyed.

In the blink of an eye, her sharp claws stabbed in front of Qin Feng, and she was about to plunge into Qin Feng's chest.

Om~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's whole body suddenly burst into strong light, like a mass of daylight, and he was born.

roar~!

The shrill screams echoed at the bottom of the lake!

Under the strong light, the female ghost's sharp claws are melting at a speed visible to the naked eye, just like a candle that encounters strong fire and quickly melts...

In a blink of an eye, the entire female ghost was completely melted by the strong light, turning into nothingness, only a dazzling white light poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

[The first kill of a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level) is successful, you get +3 reputation points. 】

good! good!

Killing an alienated ghost can get 30,000 energy points and 3 reputation points.

As a result, Qin Feng's reputation has reached 155 points.

He was very satisfied with this.

what! and this…

Qin Feng also found that after the alienation ghost died, there was still a dark black spar, which was similar in appearance to the soul stone, but the color was black.

He picked it up and glanced at it.

[Alienation Soul Stone: A fourth-order material, which can be used for refining, can also be used for construction, and is also a task item. 】

That's right!

This is one of the quest items he is going to collect.

Qin Feng happily put away the soul stone, and then took off the storage ring on the corpse beside his feet.

Before he could find out what treasures were in the storage ring, the mutation in the field happened again.