Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

I saw under the bottom of the lake, countless yin qi rose from the ground, and a gray piece shrouded the entire water area.

Qin Feng suddenly felt that the lake water became bone-chillingly cold.

Immediately afterwards, one after another white ghosts floated out from the corpses.

Those alienated ghosts have all awakened.

They were supposed to haunt the bottom of the water late at night!

After Qin Feng killed the first ghost, he woke them up.

In just a moment, the number of ghosts at the bottom of the lake reached thousands.

The yin energy of the ghosts was released and intertwined, forming a large area of ​​​​yin, making the entire water area extremely cold.

This deep water is different from the outside world!

Even in broad daylight, it is dark and suitable for these ghosts.

What's more, these alienated ghosts are all powerful.

Now thousands of them appear together, the momentum is connected, and it is extremely terrifying.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

Under the lake, ghosts cry and wolves howl.

All the ghosts looked at Qin Feng and were extremely angry.

They sensed that Qin Feng killed one of their companions.

But they didn't know how Qin Feng killed it.

They were awakened by the screams of their companions before they died, but they did not witness the process.

It's just that this human is only level 18, and can kill their companions?

The ghosts have some doubts!

However, this is no longer important.

Dare to break into their ghostly land, no matter who they are, they can't leave alive, there is only one way to die.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

I saw a roar of ghosts, and the waves under the lake were choppy.

The next second, hundreds of alienated ghosts rushed to kill Qin Feng.

The ghosts are connected with each other, and the yin pressure formed by them cannot be resisted even by the earth-level triple heaven powerhouse.

In fact, they have teamed up to kill the powerhouse of the earth-level triple heaven.

And Qin Feng was only level 18, so they didn't pay attention at all.

0

At the same moment, Qin Feng also realized a problem.

Just now, he discovered that many corpses contained treasures such as storage rings, and even a few scattered pieces of equipment.

In other words, this land of corpses is an invisible treasure land, but why did no one come down and take away the storage rings and equipment they left behind?

Now it seems that he wants to understand.

With the combination of all the ghosts, the earth-level third-level heavenly powerhouse is also dead but not alive, and even the earth-level fourth-level heavenly powerhouse can only look at the wind and flee.

In this way, no one dares to come to collect the treasure.

But Qin Feng is different, his strength cannot be judged by common sense!

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of evil ghosts were killed in front of them.

"Just in time!"

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he instantly released the power of light, and the whole body suddenly burst into strong light.

Those evil ghosts were caught off guard, and they screamed in agony, and one after another was dissolved...

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

...

In just a moment, Qin Feng killed three or four hundred evil spirits.

His ability value and judgment value skyrocketed all the way, which made him feel very happy.

But the next second, he discovered that the alienated ghost was indeed much stronger than the ordinary ghost.

Under the light of the power of light, not all of them can be killed in seconds.

Some of the evil spirits were only slightly injured and then retreated and fled.

And the radiance range of the light at the bottom of the lake is obviously not as good as on the ground, which reduces the damage to the evil spirits.

At the same time, all the ghosts knew that Qin Feng was so powerful that they were all terrified.

Roar~! Roar~! roar~!

The next second, the ghosts roared strangely.

Afterwards, dozens of evil ghosts gathered together and turned into a giant evil ghost with a height of ten feet, with blue face and fangs, and black mist all over his body.

Its combat power suddenly reached 300 stars, fully reaching the power level of the earth-level triple heaven.

Qin Feng was surprised that these evil ghosts could fit together.

Before he could think about it, the remaining hundreds of evil ghosts also merged.

In a blink of an eye, there were five more integrated giant ghosts in the field, all of them with the momentum of the earth-level triple heaven, and they came to Qin Feng again.

Om~!

Qin Feng once again released the power of light, illuminating the bottom of the lake for thousands of miles.

But those strong lights fell on the five giant ghosts, and they automatically released gray masks one by one, actually resisting those strong lights.

Qin Feng was stunned.

After these evil ghosts merged, the giant ghosts that they turned into can resist the power of light, which is surprising.

Without the restraint of the power of light, it is not easy for him to kill these evil ghosts.

After all, these evil spirits have no entities, and physical attacks are almost ineffective.

The power of light is ineffective, so use the power of lightning.

Can lightning be used under the water?

Just when Qin Feng was worried, the five giant ghosts were very excited when they saw that they had resisted the power of light, and they all rushed towards Qin Feng desperately.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

In their view, the reason why this human being is difficult to deal with is because he has mastered the power of light.

As long as he restrained his power of light, he could be killed easily...

Suddenly, the five giant ghosts desperately killed Qin Feng.

Under the lake, the waves are rough, and a war is about to break out

At the same moment, seven figures appeared by the Tongtian Lake.

Cang Yuan and the others from the Cang clan finally arrived.

Chapter 193 The harvest is imminent, wait for the rabbit!

At the same moment, seven figures appeared by the Tongtian Lake.

Cang Yuan and the others from the Cang clan finally arrived...

At this moment, Cang Yuan looked at the Vientiane Temple in the sky with a serious expression.

"Elder, Heisawa and I were standing by the lake at that time. The third and second elders went to the Vientiane Temple one after another, but they never came down. Until the second elder sent a warning, I waited for the two to flee in panic."

Kurago briefly described the situation at that time.

Cang Yuan nodded slightly: "The problem should be on the temple. Brother Fengxi, I'll wait and see!"

Feng Xi nodded: "That's how it should be!"

Immediately, five prefecture-level powerhouses rose into the air and flew towards the temple in the air.

Canggo and Kurosawa stayed by the lake, waiting for news...

At the same time, under the water of Qianzhang Lake.

The five giant ghosts have been killed in front of Qin Feng one after another, and all of them are imposing.

Boom~!

I saw the giant ghost who arrived first, slapped Qin Feng with a palm, stirred the water of the thousand-zhang lake, and crushed Qin Feng with its mighty power.

That was an all-out blow comparable to the Earth-level Triple Heaven!

At this moment, in its eyes, there is a cruel and proud color.

In the eyes of the evil ghosts, Qin Feng relied on the power of light to cause heavy damage to them.

Now, they have resisted the power of light, and they are close to Qin Feng, and they can make this human into meat sauce with just one palm.

After all, this human is only level 18, how could it be able to resist, comparable to a blow from the Earth-level Triple Heaven.

In the blink of an eye, the sky-reaching giant palm fell.

"roll!"

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a punch.

Fist palms collide instantly!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The bottom of the lake burst!

Huge waves are rising!

The giant ghost was smashed by Qin Feng and turned into dozens of evil ghosts.

At this moment, the other four giant ghosts also arrived one after another.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Qin Feng threw his punches again and again, smashing the four giant ghosts.

All this happens in seconds!

Extremely fast!

The five giant ghosts seem to be brave, but they are vulnerable in front of Qin Feng, and there is no such thing as a united general.

After all, Qin Feng's combat power has reached 433 stars!

That is the level of the fourth heaven!

It turned out that after the earth-level powerhouse controls the power of heaven and earth, the combat power can break through 400 stars, which is generally the fourth-level powerhouse.

Qin Feng is not yet an earth-level powerhouse and cannot control the power of heaven and earth, but his combat power has already broken 400 stars!

The combat power of these five giant ghosts is only the earth-level triple heaven, how can they resist his punch.

Seeing that the five giant ghosts were smashed, Qin Feng was overjoyed and secretly thought that the opportunity had come.

Om~!

With a thought, his whole body suddenly glowed.

At this moment, the power of light penetrated the bottom of Qianzhang Lake and illuminated the water of Baili Lake.

A shrill roar echoed at the bottom of the lake!

One evil ghost after another was melted away by the power of light, and left behind one by one alienated soul stones...