Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 35 alienated ghost (mutation level), you get +30000 energy points and +200 judgment points. 】

...

At this moment, Qin Feng's energy value and judgment value surged again at the same time, which made him feel great...

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The ghosts were unwilling, and again dozens of them gathered together, wanting to reunite and resist the power of light.

Swish~! Swish~!

Without waiting for the ghosts to merge, Qin Feng released two clones.

As soon as the clone appeared, it simultaneously released the power of light and illuminated the bottom of the lake.

Qin Feng dodged, rushed towards a giant ghost that had just completed fit, and smashed it with one punch.

With this collapse, those single evil ghosts could not resist the power of light, and dozens of them were killed in the blink of an eye...

And Qin Feng's energy value and judgment value have skyrocketed again...

Afterwards, he slaughtered the second giant ghost who had just completed the fit...

In this way, Qin Feng cooperated with the two clones.

The two avatars constantly released the power of light, and he continued to stop the ghosts from merging, defeating them one by one...

Suddenly, under the bottom of the lake, there was a scene of howling and howling!

The screams of the ghosts are one after another!

Originally, the ghosts wanted to encircle and suppress Qin Feng, but now it has become Qin Feng's slaughter of the ghosts!

The ghosts seemed to be in a nightmare.

For Qin Feng, the constantly rising energy value and judgment value made him feel very happy...

At the same time, above the lake.

The five Cangyuan have already flown to the bottom of the temple, and they are about to go straight for nine days.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

But at this moment, in the depths of Tongtian Lake under their feet, there was a sudden roar and explosion.

Then, one after another, huge waves of hundreds of feet rose into the sky.

The five members of Cangyuan were shocked, and they all looked down at the lake in astonishment.

At this moment, the surface of the lake was still surging with waves, and there was no sign of stopping, as if a war was taking place under the bottom of the lake.

It's just that the lake is so deep that they can't see the bottom of the lake.

"What a big move! It must be a powerhouse with an earth-level fourth heaven, fighting with people at the bottom of the lake!"

An elder sighed.

"Yeah! Only a powerhouse above the fourth level can make such a big move."

"Strange! Who would have gone under the lake? Doesn't he know that there is a ghostly land under the lake. Even if the fourth-level powerhouse goes down, it will be a lot of misfortune!"

Several prefecture-level bosses kept muttering, all of them were shocked by the momentum in front of them!

At this time, Cang Yuan's heart moved: "Everyone, this old man can conclude that there is absolutely no way Cang Song and others are below, because they know the danger at the bottom of the lake, and they absolutely dare not go down!"

"So reasoning, could it be the person we are looking for who accidentally broke into the ghost creature at the bottom of the lake?"

With this reminder, the local-level bigwigs looked at each other and felt that there was some truth, so they started to discuss it.

"Brother Cangyuan, with your analysis, it's really possible!"

"It's not possible, I suspect that the people at the bottom of the lake, Jiucheng is a guy who is not good for Cang Song and others."

"Whether it is or not, we will capture it and interrogate it again to find out!"

"How to capture it? This ghost creature at the bottom of the lake is very dangerous. Who dares to go down and explore it?"

"Haha! The danger at the bottom of this lake, even if the fourth-level powerhouse goes down, it is difficult to retreat!"

When it comes to ghosts at the bottom of the lake, all the bigwigs are terrified.

The dangers at the bottom of the lake, as prefecture-level powerhouses, they knew the bottom line for a long time, and they didn't have the guts to go down.

At this time, Cang Yuan's eyes lit up: "Everyone, I don't have to go down to check it out. As long as I wait on the lake surface!"

Feng Xi was puzzled: "How do you say this?"

Cangyuan Fuxu smiled and said, "Everyone, we all know that the bottom of this lake is extremely dangerous. Even if the fourth-level heavenly powerhouse goes down, it will be difficult for them to retreat, and injuries are inevitable."

"Since that's the case, we'll stay on top of the lake, and when the people at the bottom of the lake escape from serious injuries, we'll capture them in one fell swoop. What do you think of this method?"

Hearing this, everyone's eyes lit up.

"Not bad! Not bad! Brother Kuragaki is still thoughtful!"

"Haha! We'll just wait for the end of the battle at the bottom of the lake to see when the man escapes."

"The old man is worried, will that person die at the bottom of the lake?"

"Haha! It's hard to say! The bottom of this lake is extremely dangerous, and he wouldn't be surprised if he died under the lake."

Cang Yuan sighed: "This old man hopes that he will come out alive. Only by capturing him like this can we know the truth and what happened to Cang Song and the others?"

Feng Xi nodded: "That's true! However, if the old man hopes that the person will be seriously injured, that would be the best."

Cangyuan smiled: "It's a high probability that the person was seriously injured and escaped! Brother Fengxi, the four of you will stay on the lake and wait for that person to come out. This old man will go to the temple to look for traces of Cang Song and others."

The wind hurriedly agreed.

Immediately, Cangaki flew to the temple alone.

The four of them stayed on the lake, waiting for the battle to end.

In their opinion, when the lake is calm, 3.1 is the time when the fighting at the bottom of the lake ends, and it is also when the people at the bottom of the lake are about to escape.

In this way, the four of them stood quietly on the lake, waiting for Qin Feng to come out...

At the same time, under the bottom of Qianzhang Lake.

The scene at the bottom of the lake was completely different from what the five Kuragaki imagined.

I saw that Qin Feng killed all the ghosts in the field and wiped out batch after batch.

The number of demons is decreasing like crazy!

It didn't take long before he finally killed thousands of evil ghosts, and the field was full of alienated soul stones.

Qin Feng suddenly breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that the solution was finally over.

Then, he looked at the alienated soul stones at the bottom of the lake, as well as thousands of skeletons, and smiled.

Those soul stones are nothing more, but there are treasures hidden in those bones!

You must know that these were all human-level peak masters before their lives, and there should be a lot of treasures in their hands.

Maybe Qin Feng can find something from their bones.

Maybe you can make a fortune this time!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to clean up the battlefield

Chapter 194: Execution of Heavenly Punishment! Kill the devil!

Just when Qin Feng was about to clear the battlefield, a dazzling white light lit up on him.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[You have been promoted to level 9 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded!

[You have been promoted to a level 10 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

Another continuous improvement!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum soared

After a while, his combat power increased to 436 stars.

good! good!

The combat power has increased again!

One step closer to the 500-star combat power goal.

Qin Fen's eyes showed joy.

Killing these thousands of alienated ghosts is indeed a huge harvest!

It not only provided him with a large amount of energy value, but also provided a large amount of judgment value.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

So far, his vocation has reached level 10.

By the way, after his level has risen to level 11, his attribute points have doubled.

After being promoted to level 11 that day, will the attribute points also double?

Just when Qin Feng was muttering in his heart, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder 07: To be promoted to level 11, you need to master the talent of light. 】

[Judger: Judging light and darkness, mastering life and death and reincarnation, patrolling the nine heavens and establishing the world, and punishing gods and demons with the punishment of heaven. 】

Huh~!

It turns out that the judge is so arrogant!

To master the cycle of life and death, and to kill gods and demons

Qin Feng felt excited.

It was the first time he knew that his vocation was so powerful!

Of course, this kind of power is not achieved overnight, but gradually becomes stronger, and eventually even gods and demons can be killed.

In short, all this can not be rushed.

However, what makes Qin Feng happy is that he has long mastered the talent of light, so there is no bottleneck for promotion to level 11 judge.

With this in mind, he glanced at his vocation progress: 31.3% at level 10, still a long way from the next level.

By the way, I have killed so many alienated ghosts, and the energy value obtained has reached more than 30 million. I don't know how the level progress is?

Thinking of this, he glanced at the upgrade progress again and smiled again.

Now, he is 53.7% at level 18, which is a big improvement from the last time.

good! good!

This time the harvest was huge and he was very satisfied.

Don't think so much anymore, it's time for him to collect his loot too.

At the moment, Qin Feng began to collect soul stones.

But the moment he bent down to collect the soul stone, the top of his head suddenly darkened.