Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The bottom of the lake, which was originally dark, became pitch black.

At the same time, two monstrous pressures shrouded him.

Qin Feng was startled, he looked up quickly, and was startled by the scene in front of him.

Above his head, an incomparably huge giant shark was slowly approaching him.

The giant shark was hundreds of feet long, and its huge body was like a hundred-story high-rise building, covering the sky and the ground, covering the only trace of light at the bottom of the lake.

Suddenly, the bottom of the lake became pitch black.

At this moment, Ju Sha is staring at Qin Feng coldly, with two eyes the size of a house, showing anger and a hint of doubt.

It was this ant-like human who slaughtered its shark swarm and fought fiercely with evil spirits.

Because of this, it was awakened from its deep sleep by its owner and rushed to the scene.

But when it arrived, thousands of alienated ghosts died.

How could this be?

Could it be that this man did all this?

But this human is clearly in the human-level realm, and the level is only 18.

With such strength, can he destroy all the ghosts?

At this moment, the giant shark's eyes were full of doubts.

The order it received was to have a strong enemy attack, let it assist the ghosts and deal with the strong enemy together

It took only a quarter of an hour from when it received the order to when it arrived.

But when it arrived, the battle in the field was over.

Even, it couldn't see the scene of Qin Feng's shot, so it was naturally full of doubts about Qin Feng.

How could a human being only level 18 kill thousands of alienated ghosts in such a short period of time.

Even the powerhouse of the fifth layer may not be able to do it...

At the same moment, Qin Feng also activated the eye of insight and looked at the giant shark.

[Ferocious Beast]: Deep Lake Shark King (King Class)

[Level]: Level 39

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 280 stars

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Water (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the three guardian king beasts of the mysterious man.

[Reminder: The mysterious man is the source behind all these things. 】

what!

Mystery man?

After Qin Feng slaughtered all the ghosts, many mission information became clearer.

The previous mission hinted that the source behind it was a mysterious thing, and now it has been clearly identified as a mysterious person.

At least it means that it is not a beast, but a human being who controls everything in front of you!

Qin Feng was a little shocked.

Also, the king beast in front of him is also one of his goals.

He will kill the three king beasts.

The strength of this shark king is not weak. Before using the power of heaven and earth, the combat power has reached 280 stars, which cannot be underestimated.

However, Qin Feng did not stay with the Shark King for a long time.

His gaze shifted to the depths of the Shark King, where there was also a giant tortoise with a body length of 100 meters.

[Ferocious Beast]: Deep Lake Turtle King (King Level)

[Level]: Level 40VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 300 stars

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Water (Class B), Profound Truth of Earth (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the three guardian king beasts of the mysterious man.

[Reminder: The mysterious man is the source behind all these things. 】

Another king-level beast!

This turtle king has mastered the double B-level talent, and the combat power evaluation is also higher, and the strength is stronger than that of the shark king.

This time, two king beasts appeared!

It seems that slaughtering the ghosts by himself has caused the anger of the mysterious person behind him.

Unfortunately, their rescue came a step late!

However, with the two king beasts coming together, he couldn't take it lightly.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng held the handle of the knife in one hand.

Having said that, these two king beasts are still somewhat different, that is, on the top of their heads, they both have a red unicorn, which is very sharp.

At the same time, the two king beasts were silently looking at Qin Feng.

They really can't see, what's so strange about this 18th-level human being?

However, since the master ordered them to kill this human being, they will go all out to crush this human.

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the shark king's heart moved, he controlled the power of heaven and earth.

Suddenly, the lake water oscillated for dozens of miles around, and the power of countless water elements poured into its body.

In this regard, its momentum has skyrocketed, and it has reached 400 stars in a blink of an eye, which is worthy of reaching the threshold of the Fourth Heaven.

At the same time, the turtle king also launched the power of heaven and earth.

Suddenly, the water element force in the lake water and the earth element force under the lake bottom poured into its body one after another.

In a blink of an eye, its combat power has skyrocketed to 450 stars, which is even stronger than Shark King.

This shocked Qin Feng!

roar~!

The next second, the turtle king gave an order, and the two king beasts attacked Qin Feng at the same time.

Boom~Long~Long!

The bottom of the lake roars!

The bodies of the two king beasts are extremely huge.

When they made 720 movements, the sky and the earth suddenly collapsed under the lake bottom, the mountains and seas turned upside down, and it was extremely terrifying.

In the blink of an eye, the two king beasts killed Qin Feng and approached.

Both king beasts used the red sharp horns on their heads to stab Qin Feng.

Those two sharp horns are bigger than Qin Feng's body

This scene, the huge difference in body shape, gives people a strong visual impact!

It seems that in the next second, Qin Feng will be crushed to pieces under the impact of the two sharp corners.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also felt the oppression of the monstrous momentum.

Boom~Long~Long!

A shocking move!

The two sharp horns attacked, and they were about to stab Qin Feng.

Om~!

Qin Feng's body suddenly lit up, and the Xuantian Shield flew out of the body automatically.

Swish~!

In the next second, the Xuantian Shield was divided into two parts, and two light shields were automatically formed to meet the attacks of the two king beasts.

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

The bottom of the lake is turbulent!

The sky-spinning shield actually blocked the joint strike of the two king beasts!

It is indeed a fifth-order equipment!

Swish~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng shot, and Baizhang Dao Qi shot into the sky.

Now, the stronger his strength is, the wider the range of sword energy is, it has reached hundreds of feet.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Baizhang Daoqi split the Shark King in half!

The bright red blood surged, instantly dyeing the bottom of the lake red.

The next second, a dazzling white light flew from the Shark King and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Successfully kills the 39-level Deep Lake Shark King (King-level), you get +200,000 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the 39-level Deep Lake Shark King (King-level), you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 39-level Deep Lake Shark King (King-level) successfully, the golden treasure chest burst out. 】

[Killing the 39th-level Deep Lake Shark King (King-level) successfully, the quest item - Horn of the King (Shark) was released. 】

Chapter 195: The Secret of the Heart of the Lake

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng beheaded a king beast that reached the threshold of the fourth heaven.

Moreover, it was still under the siege of the two king beasts.

The Turtle King was instantly shocked!

At the moment, it turned around and fled, and didn't even have the courage to fight Qin Feng.

How can Qin Feng let it go!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Baizhang Dao Qi soared into the sky and slashed the Turtle King straight.

The turtle king was terrified, his limbs and head shrank, all retracted into the turtle shell.

In the blink of an eye, the knife slashed on the turtle shell!