When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony resounded through the bottom of the lake.

The echoes vibrate!

The knife did not split the turtle shell, but left a shallow knife mark on it, and split the giant tortoise a hundred feet away.

What a strong defense!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

At the same moment, after the giant tortoise was slashed and flew out, its figure shrank rapidly.

In a blink of an eye, it shrunk to a size of about a zhang, like a table, and then hurried away into the distance.

This reduction, the turtle king's swimming speed increased sharply, like an underwater speedboat.

not good!

Qin Feng knew that the Turtle King was about to flee, and quickly chased him away.

Whoa~la~la!

The turtle king sneaked underwater and pulled out an underwater white line, which was amazing.

Qin Feng was chasing after him.

However, this is an underwater world, and his various speed talents cannot be brought into play.

For a time, Qin Feng was no faster than the turtle king.

In just a moment, the two sides escaped underwater for dozens of miles.

The distance between the two sides has not only not narrowed, but has become farther and farther.

Under this water bottom, the turtle king is better at swimming, and the speed is naturally extremely fast.

What's more, Turtle King's own combat power is also higher than Qin Feng's.

It was just timid by nature, and was shocked by Qin Feng's momentum of slashing the shark king with one knife, so he wanted to escape back to his old lair and ask for the master's protection.

In the blink of an eye, one person and one beast chased down to the depths of Tongtian Lake.

Qin Feng saw that the distance was getting wider and wider, and he should not be able to catch up.

He was about to give up.

But at this moment, he vaguely heard a rumbling sound from the depths of the lake in front of him.

The Turtle King fled in the direction of that roar.

He pondered in his heart, what was in front of him to make such a big movement.

At the moment, his heart moved, and he continued to chase and kill.

It wasn't long before he finally arrived at the place and saw the source of the roar.

It was a huge water hole that went straight to the ground.

Countless lakes continuously poured into the water cave, and finally formed a huge underwater vortex at the mouth of the water cave, creating a rumbling roar.

What is even more surprising is that at the entrance of the water hole, there is a dazzling white light, like a door of light.

It was at this moment that the turtle king fled to the water hole, drilled directly into the door of light, and disappeared.

Qin Feng was amazed, and hurriedly chased after him.

After a while, he broke through the vortex resistance, reached the water hole, and drilled directly into the hole.

But as soon as he got close, he was blocked by the white light from the hole and bounced out directly.

At the same moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You discovered the Eye of the Lake Heart of Tongtian Lake, which was blocked by the bright enchantment at the entrance of the cave. 】

[Reminder: When the night comes, the bright enchantment of the eye of the lake will disappear, and you will be unimpeded. 】

[Reminder: There are unknown dangers hidden in the eye of the heart of the lake, please proceed with caution]

Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that this white door of light is actually an enchantment!

Strange, why is the Turtle King able to enter and exit freely regardless of the enchantment?

Qin Feng couldn't figure it out.

However, this killing world is full of all kinds of mysteries, so it's not surprising.

By the way, as soon as the turtle king saw that the situation was not good, he fled here for the first time.

The mysterious person behind it should be hidden in the eye of the lake.

Unfortunately, he could not enter it.

We can only wait until it gets dark before we can check it out again.

By the way, his previous loot has not been cleaned up, so I will go back and deal with it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly left the center of the whirlpool and rushed to the previous battlefield...

This time chasing the Turtle King, he still has something to gain.

At least he found the turtle king and the mysterious man's lair.

The second stage of the task is expected to be completed.

Of course, he can't guarantee 100% completion.

After all, he still doesn't know, what kind of strength is that mysterious man?

Judging from the strength of the Turtle King alone, the mysterious man must be extremely strong.

Otherwise, he would not be able to control the Turtle King with a combat power of 450 stars.

In addition, there is a guardian king beast beside the mysterious man. I don't know how powerful it is?

From various indications, the mysterious man's combat power is definitely above 500 stars, and may even reach 600 stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

With his current strength, he may not be able to kill a powerhouse with a 500-star combat power.

If the opponent's combat power reaches 600 stars, then he can only escape.

"This task is really difficult! At present, it is only the second stage!"

Qin Feng couldn't help sighing.

S-class mission opportunities are really not that easy to take.

It seemed that he had to improve his strength before dark so that he could have more confidence in completing the task.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurried back.

A quarter of an hour later, he was back on the battlefield.

The bottom of the lake was completely blood red, it was stained red by the blood of the shark king.

At this moment, the corpse of the shark king was lying quietly at the bottom of the lake, the human remains around were still there, and the alienated soul stones were still on the ground.

These are full of rewards!

Qin Feng happily stepped forward and came to the body of the shark king.

I saw a golden treasure chest lying quietly beside the corpse, and a red horn about a foot long.

That single horn is the quest item - the horn of the king (shark).

Qin Feng picked up the unicorn and the golden treasure chest, and stuffed it into the storage ring.

Having said that, with this golden treasure chest, he has two golden treasure chests and two dark treasure chests in his hand.

The progress of synthesizing the purple diamond treasure chest has taken another small step forward.

After dealing with these, he began to extract the shark king's body...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the B-level talent again - (Ice) Profound Truth of Water! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[Talent evolution is successful! Your ice (water) talent has been promoted to A-level talent—the law of water! 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the law of water, and the power of your A-level talent "Five Elements Profound Truth" has been doubled. 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the law of water, and the power of your skill 'Ice Storm' has increased tenfold, and has been promoted to a fifth-order skill. 】

good! good!

Got another A-level talent!

In this way, among his nine-element talents, both the water element and the earth element have reached A-level, which is one step closer to the SSS-level chaos talent.

This made Qin Feng in a good mood, continued to extract the shark king's body, and gained 10 strength attributes.

Then, he started to clean up the whole place...

At the same time, above the lake.

The four Fengxi were all shocked by the red lake in front of them.

Just over a quarter of an hour ago, there were several earth-shattering loud noises at the bottom of the lake.

The surface of Baili Lake burst open, splashing layers of huge waves.

The four of them were so frightened that they flew into the air and rose 100 meters.

After the lake surface returned to calm, there was no movement at the bottom of the lake.

After a while, a large swath of blood floated to the surface of the lake, staining the entire water area red.

The four of them were secretly shocked and began to guess.

Chapter 196 Huge harvest, fifth-order bones!

After a while, the four Wind Breath began to discuss.

"Three, this lake is stained red with blood, the one at the bottom of the lake should be more fortunate."

The tone of the wind breathed with schadenfreude.

The other three elders also smiled.

They have always suspected that the person at the bottom of the lake was the one who shot Cang Song, and naturally hoped that the person at the bottom of the lake would be in danger.

In fact, they guessed right.

Qin Feng was the one who killed Cang Song.

But what they guessed wrong was that Qin Feng was not in danger at the bottom of the lake, but won a big victory, and was still harvesting the spoils at the bottom of the lake.

For these, the four people of Fengxi did not know, and they analyzed each one on the lake self-righteously.

"Haha! Brother Feng's breath is right~! That person is probably dead at the bottom of the lake. After all, more than a quarter of an hour has passed since those loud noises. If he was all right, he should have come out long ago."

"Brother Yan's analysis is good! The old man also thinks that man died at the bottom of the lake."

"Hehe! Even if he didn't die, he would be severely injured."

"Yeah! In my opinion, it's best if that person is dead. After he comes out, we have to spend a lot of money!"

"Haha! Having said that, I don't want to go to the bottom of the lake, because I don't have the talent for the water element, and I will suffer a big loss underwater. If it were on land, I would not be afraid of ghosts."

"Indeed! No matter what, I will wait for the power of the four to join forces, and even the masters of the Fourth Heaven can suppress it!"

"Brother Fengxi, looking at the current situation, most of the people at the bottom of the lake are dead. Do I still have to stay here?"

The three elders all looked at the wind.

They are confident in their own judgment.

Fengxi pondered for a while and said, "Wait a minute! In case that person doesn't die, he will come out as soon as we leave, then we will miss it. Besides, Cangyuan went to the temple and hasn't returned yet. I Waiting here for Kuragaki will not be a mistake.”

"Brother is right!"

223 At the moment, the group continued to stay at the lake...