Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In a blink of an eye, another quarter of an hour passed.

Under the lake, Qin Feng has already cleaned up the battlefield.

This time, he has gained a lot, and the number of light alienation soul stones has reached 1,110.

The 300 alienated soul stones required for handing in the mission can be more than 800 more.

In addition, he found more than forty storage rings and a hundred or so pieces of equipment from those corpses.

However, those equipments were soaked in the lake water for too long, and the quality was greatly reduced. They were only Tier 2 to Tier 3, and only one item reached Tier 4.

Even so, Qin Feng is also extremely satisfied.

Especially getting that fourth-order equipment made him excited for a while.

Because he has endless extraction, he can restore the corroded equipment to its original quality.

That fourth-order equipment is an invisible fifth-order equipment.

The thought of fifth-order equipment made him excited.

It's just that he's at the bottom of the lake, so it's inconvenient for him to use it. After returning to the lake, he will try again.

After dealing with those, Qin Feng came to the shark king's body again, his eyes were fiery.

The bones of the earth-level beasts are the fifth-order bones!

With such a huge corpse, the bones that can be taken out should be able to build ten teleportation formations!

The most urgent thing for Longyuan Village at present is to establish a teleportation array.

There are still thirteen villages that do not have teleportation formations and have not been able to truly integrate with Longyuan Village.

The villagers of the thirteen villages were anxiously waiting, and Qin Feng was equally anxious.

He also hopes to build a teleportation array as soon as possible to integrate all his strengths into a whole.

In this way, those villages with poor resources can also enter the headquarters of Longyuan Village, enjoy the rich resources of the headquarters, and speed up the upgrade of the level.

The novice exam is not over yet!

In some branch villages of Longyuan Village, there are still hundreds of people with low levels, and there is a hidden danger of being eliminated.

But the resources in their village are too scarce. Even if they have enough strength, the lack of resources and beasts will still affect the progress of the upgrade.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng prepared the next plan, which is to build a teleportation array with all his strength.

As for the second stage mission of the god-level village, I will do it again after dark. Anyway, I can't do it now, because he can't enter the eye of the lake.

And now, there are still six or seven hours before it gets dark.

Such a long time is enough for him to complete the construction of the teleportation array.

Besides, if you build a teleportation array, you can get 200 attribute rewards.

When he has established teleportation formations for thirteen villages, that will be 2600 attribute rewards!

As a result, his strength will definitely skyrocket!

At that time, if he goes to the center of the lake to do the task, the success rate will be greatly improved.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood and felt that the plan was perfect.

At this moment, Qi Yue's excited voice sounded in his ears.

Qiyue: "Master, I have collected all the upgrade materials for the level 5 wooden house you want!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Very good! Let's trade!"

Qi Yue said obediently: "Well, Yue'er will trade it for you right away. Oh, by the way, during this time, I also exchanged two golden treasure chests, and I will trade them for the master together."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue will trade you two golden treasure chests and a storage ring for free. 】

Qin Feng quickly took it out of the trading channel.

After a while, he had two more golden treasure chests and a storage ring in his hands.

Now, there are as many as four golden treasure chests on him.

As long as one more, you can close the dark treasure chest.

After putting away the golden treasure chest, he looked at the storage ring, which was full of fine wood, fine iron, stone, and so on.

All the materials for level 5 wooden house have been collected!

The efficiency of the little girl's work is really powerful.

Without the assistance of the little girl, he would have spent a lot of energy to collect these materials.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er, well done!"

Qi Yue was very happy to be praised by Qin Feng.

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, that's what Yue'er should do! As long as the master can be made stronger, Yue'er will feel very happy!"

Qin Feng: "Little girl, how is your level 4 wooden house ready?"

Qiyue: "Yue'er originally wanted to help the master with the upgrade of the level 5 wooden house, and then deal with his own wooden house."

"I didn't expect that Yue'er was very lucky. While helping the master to collect materials, Yue'er's wooden house materials were also collected, and I was planning to upgrade to a 4th-level wooden house in a while!"

The little girl takes Qin Feng's heart out and always puts Qin Feng's affairs first.

Qin Feng is relieved: "Yue'er, you go to upgrade the wooden house! By the way, I have a new batch of miscellaneous resources here, you can deal with it."

At the same time as he spoke, he sent the dozens of storage rings he had just obtained into the zero-dimensional space.

After a while, Qi Yue's surprise sounded in his ears.

Qiyue: "Wow~! Master, have you dug up a treasure house? Forty-three storage rings!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Just watch and deal with it!"

Qiyue: "Hehe! Yue'er will definitely handle it! By the way, master, how did you get so many storage rings? Did you get it from the second stage of the task at the bottom of the lake?"

Qin Feng: "That's right! However, only half of that task has been done, and the rest will be done later."

Qiyue: "Oh, everyone is very concerned about the progress of this mission. There have been discussions in the channel, and they are so worried that the master will not pass the level. If it fails, the master will lose an S-rank chance."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Qin Feng: "This task is indeed a bit difficult, but I can't be in a hurry. I'll see everything later at night."

Qiyue: "By the way, the master, Long Qian and other people from the thirteen branch villages are all in a hurry. They have been asking when the master will establish a teleportation formation."

"Also, other people also want the master to build a teleportation array as soon as possible to integrate all the branches of Longyuan Village!"

Today, Qiyue is Qin Feng's eyes and ears.

Everything in the village is under Qin Feng's control.

Hearing those words, Qin Feng said with a smile: "I was about to tell you about this, my next plan is to build a teleportation array. I just got the body of an earth-level beast, you can dissect it and see how many you can get. The fifth-order bone of the unit.

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Wow! It turns out that the owner has already obtained the corpse of an earth-level beast, which is really great! I want to tell everyone about this, they will definitely die happily!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Little girl, I will have to work hard for you next!"

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, Yue'er is not hard at all, this is what Yue'er should do. Send the corpse of the beast into the space, Yue'er can't wait."

Set up a teleportation array and integrate the branch forces!

This is the expectation of everyone in Longyuan Village.

Only the integrated Longyuan Village is the most powerful.

The little girl was naturally looking forward to it.

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and the huge shark king corpse was sent into the zero-dimensional space.

At this point, he has finished all the trivial matters at the bottom of the lake.

After this trip, his harvest was full.

"It's time to go up!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and swam to the lake.

He wanted to upgrade his novice cabin after he got out of the lake.

In just a moment, he floated up a thousand feet, only a few dozen meters away from the lake.

At this time, the lake water was dyed red with blood, which greatly affected the vision.

But Qin Feng has six senses, and his eyesight and hearing are extremely powerful.

At this moment, through the turbid lake water, he vaguely saw four figures hanging above the lake.

He was suddenly startled.

Humans who can fly in the sky are all existences above the ground level.

In other words, there are four prefecture-level powerhouses above the lake.

what happened?

How come four Earth-level powerhouses suddenly appeared!

Could it be that someone from the Cang clan was chasing after him again?

Just when Qin Feng was in shock, there was a sound of surprise above the water.

"Hey! Everyone, there are fluctuations in the water, is that person coming up?"

Chapter 197 Fifth-Order God Card

Just when Qin Feng was in shock, there was a sound of surprise above the water.

"Hey! Everyone, there are fluctuations in the water, is that person coming up?"…

Qin Feng was surprised.

Obviously, among the four, there are also those who are gifted in hearing~.

Just then, someone spoke again above the water.

"No? - Is that man alive?"

"Whether he is dead or alive, we will ambush him. As soon as he comes up, we will kill him!"

"As it should be!"

Qin Feng was furious when he heard these words.

Sure enough, these four people were not at ease, and most of them were members of the Cang clan.

Having said that, the Cang Clan is one of the seven major guardian forces in this area.

Killing the guardian can get great benefits.

With this in mind, Qin Feng hurriedly summoned the Spirit of Gold and merged with the Dark Night Sword.

Suddenly, the Heavenly Sword lit up with golden light, its momentum skyrocketed, and it instantly reached the sixth-order weapon level.

Then, he released two more clones.

One of the clones rushed directly towards the lake.

Qin Feng and another clone followed closely.

At the same time, above the lake.

The four of them stared at the lake.

One of the gray-robed old men was listening carefully to the movement at the bottom of the lake.

The old man was called Feng Xuan, an earth-level third-level heaven, and an elder of the Blue Wind Department.

He has the dual talents of wind and hearing.

At this moment, he listened to the movement at the bottom of the lake and frowned slightly.

He heard it, Qin Feng seemed to stop.

Just when he was puzzled, the bottom of the water rioted.

He was shocked: "Everyone, that guy is going to rush out!"