Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, a figure rushed out of the water, causing a wave of water.

The four powerhouses fixed their eyes and saw that the person who rushed out was a handsome young man in his twenties.

The aura of combat power exuding from his body suddenly reached more than 200 stars.

Such strength is equivalent to a strong person who has just stepped into the realm of the prefecture level, and belongs to the weakest group of people in the prefecture level.

In fact, this is a clone of Qin Feng.

The combat power of the clone is only half of Qin Feng's, but the combat power and momentum have also reached the threshold of the prefecture-level realm.

Of course, this refers to the combat momentum after using the power of heaven and earth.

Without using the power of heaven and earth, many who have just stepped into the earth-level realm have more than 100 stars.

"Hey! More than 200 stars!"

"Sure enough, it's an earth-level powerhouse!"

"kill him!"

Feng Xi and others did not distinguish carefully, and they rushed towards the clone.

In the blink of an eye, the four masters came to the avatar and shot with all their might.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Four punches!

Three attacks broke 300 stars, and one attack broke 400 stars.

In the blink of an eye, all four attacks hit the clone.

Bang~!

The avatar was suddenly blasted and turned into a spot of light in the sky.

The four of them were stunned for a moment.

Whoa~!

But before they could react, Qin Feng had already burst out of the water and just appeared behind them.

At the same time, he slashed at the four with one knife.

Swish~!

Baizhang Daoqi!

Sweep the spot!

"not good!"

"Flash!"

The four of them roared in shock and avoided the sudden attack.

But after all, there are two people who are a step behind!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood shot!

A shrill scream echoed across the lake.

Feng Xuan and an elder from the Cang Yan Department were beheaded on the spot!

Then, two energy white lights poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +357 attributes and 1.03 million energy points. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +371 attributes and 1.12 million energy points. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Killing the guardian is cool!

Just kill two people and get more than 700 attributes...

"Feng Xuan!"

Seeing Feng Xuan being beheaded, Feng Xi was shocked and angry.

Another elder from the Cang Yan Department was even more frightened!

All these changes are too fast, and Qin Feng's strength is so strong, he did not expect it.

"Little thief! Die!"

Wind Breath made a move, and a long sword was in his hand.

In the next second, his eyes were red and he rushed towards Qin Feng.

He wants to avenge Feng Xuan!

Feng Xuan is his younger brother!

Boom~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's second clone burst out of the water and blocked the wind directly.

Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, but he rushed towards the elder of the Cang Yan Department.

He knew that Feng Qi was a fourth-level heavenly powerhouse, and Minister Cang Yan was always a third-level heavenly person, so naturally he would kill the weak first.

When he saw Qin Feng coming, the old man was so frightened that he turned around and fled.

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, the wind element talent exploded, his wings spread, and his speed increased sharply.

In just a few seconds, he caught up with the old man and slashed down.

The old man was frightened, turned around in a hurry, and threw out a spiritual shield with all his strength.

He has seen Qin Feng's terrifying offensive power with his own eyes, and he dares to fight recklessly there.

In an instant, he displayed his strongest defense and defended with all his strength.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

When the knife went down, even the person and the shield were split into two halves.

The dark night sword that incorporates the spirit of gold is comparable to a sixth-order weapon, how can it be resisted by an ordinary spiritual shield.

Terrible roar!

Echoing over the lake, another white light of energy poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +384 attributes and 1.17 million energy points. 】

Another kill!

Cool!

The extremely rich attribute rewards made Qin Feng feel very happy.

At this moment, Feng Qi also defeated Qin Feng's second clone.

"Damn it! Little thief! Die!"

When he saw Qin Feng kill another person, he roared angrily, slaughtered directly, and took Qin Feng's face with a sword.

Qin Feng met him with a backhand knife.

Swords intersect!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Qin Feng slashed it to the point of vomiting blood and flew out.

"Wow~!"

Wind breath vomited blood in the air, and his body rolled in the air involuntarily.

At this moment, he was extremely horrified.

0

His combat power is 430 stars, and he can't catch Qin Feng's knife.

Could it be that this young man's strength is close to the fifth heaven?

While you are sick, I will kill you!

Before Fengxi could stabilize his figure in the air, Qin Feng slammed and slaughtered.

"Little thief! Stop it!"

But at this moment, a roar sounded above his head.

Another fourth-level old man rushed over in anger.

Kuragaki finally came back!

Qin Feng ignored it and continued to kill the wind.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

In a blink of an eye, it was close to the wind

Seeing this, Cang Yuan hurriedly picked up a seal and activated his skills against Qin Feng.

"Thousand times gravity! Lock!"

Once the seal is completed, the power of the law of heaven and earth is exerted on the body of Qin Feng.

Qin Feng suddenly felt his body sink, and the whole person instantly weighed hundreds of thousands of kilograms.

Seeing that the skill worked, Kuragaki was overjoyed.

The wind also stabilized at this moment.

"kill him!"

Cangyuan let out a low roar and rushed to the bottom of the lake first.

The breath of the wind followed.

Both of them were red-eyed.

From all indications, Cang Song and others were killed by this young man.

Because he has that power.

Therefore, they want to avenge their own people.

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

The two rushed into the lake one after another, splashing several feet of high waves.

When they entered the bottom of the lake, they suddenly realized that they did not have the talent for the water system and could not breathe underwater.

The two quickly held their breath and were about to return to the lake.

But under the water, is Qin Feng's home court.

At this moment, he had just gotten rid of the lock of a thousand times gravity, when he saw Cangyuan and the two also rushed into the lake, how could he let them go.

Frozen~!

As soon as his mind moved, he activated the A-level talent - the law of water. ,

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Qin Feng only had a certain idea in his mind. The waters within a radius of several kilometers were all frozen at a speed visible to the naked eye, and naturally the two of Cangyuan were also frozen in it.