Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Then, before the two were broken, he rushed forward.

Bang~! Bang~!

In just a few seconds, the ice layer burst!

The two of Cangyuan broke free from the ice, but they were greeted by Qin Feng's knife.

Kacha~!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng killed Cang Yuan by surprise, and split him in half with one knife.

Feng Qi was frightened, turned around and rushed out of the lake, fleeing away.

Qin Feng was about to kill him when a white light flew from Cang Yuan's body and poured into his body...

[Kill the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +484 attributes and 1.63 million energy points. 】

[Reminder: You killed the person in charge of the Cangtu Ministry, and the 'Cangtu Ministry's land deed card' was released. 】

what!

Murder can also explode items?

Qin Feng looked down, and sure enough, a golden card appeared on Cang Yuan's body.

He picked it up and looked at it, and was surprised.

That is actually a fifth-order **** card, and the effect of the card is even more powerful

Chapter 198 opens the world

It was actually a fifth-order **** card, and the effect of the card was even more powerful...

Qin Feng was surprised.

However, now is not the time to study God Cards.

He hurriedly put away the card and rushed towards the lake.

Bang~!

A blast!

The lake splashes!

Qin Feng rushed out of the water!

He looked up quickly, and saw that Feng Qi also unfolded the 'Wings of Wind' and fled towards Tayue Town. It was extremely fast, leaving afterimages in the air, which disappeared from his field of vision in a blink of an eye.

Qin Feng was stunned.

It seems that this guy has an A-level wind talent.

Talented in the wind system, he is best at flying.

Qin Feng's wind talent is only B-level.

Even if he wanted to chase, he couldn't catch up.

"Huh! That is?"

Suddenly, Qin Feng seemed to sense something, and looked towards Tongtian Lake, and saw Cang Wu and Heize looking at him dumbfounded.

The two of them had long been dumbfounded by the previous scene.

Omg!

The five elders joined forces and were killed by the young man in front of them.

Is this young man a powerhouse in the fifth heaven?

The fifth heaven!

There are not many people in the entire Cang clan.

not good?

This young man is here!

As soon as they saw Qin Feng, Cangwu and Wu were so frightened that they turned around and fled in the direction of Tayue Town.

Qin Feng sneered, released the two clones, and chased them away...

Then, he ignored it and dived to the bottom of the lake again.

He could see that the two of Cang Wu were only human-level peak powerhouses, and the two clones could easily kill them.

He had to go to the bottom of the lake and reap his spoils.

Just now, he even killed four land-level powerhouses, and their bodies fell into the bottom of the lake.

Thinking of this, his heart became hot again.

There must be a lot of treasures on the earth-level powerhouses.

In just a moment, Qin Feng dived into the bottom of the lake, first found Cang Yuan's body, and got a storage ring from him.

He glanced at the storage ring, and showed joy.

The storage ring actually has one fifth-order equipment, three fourth-order equipment, and more than a dozen pentagon nuclei.

The pentium earth crystal nucleus is a necessary material for upgrading the level 5 wooden house, and it is also a strategic material in the future.

For Longyuan Village to upgrade and grow, it will definitely need enough level 5 wooden houses in the future.

Qin Feng put away the storage ring with satisfaction and began to extract Cang Yuan's body.

【Endless extraction commission! Obtain the fourth-order skill - Thousand Gravity Technique! 】

[It is detected that you have awakened the law of A-level soil, and the thousandfold gravity technique (4th grade) is advanced to the ten thousand times gravity technique (5th grade)]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

good! good!

Got another Tier 5 skill.

What's even better is that this gravity technique in his hands is stronger than the gravity technique performed by Cangyuan, reaching the fifth-order skill level.

It seems that Cangyuan's earth element talent is B rank.

In this way, Kuragaki's strength may not be as good as Wind Breath.

After all, the wind breath mastered the A-level wind breath talent.

In short, Qin Feng was very satisfied with this kind of harvest, and continued to extract it, again getting 20 physical attributes.

Another small gain.

He then went to search for three other bodies.

In less than a quarter of an hour, the three corpses were searched, and three storage rings, seven fourth-order equipment, and one fifth-order equipment were obtained.

Hundreds of materials such as fire glaze, green wood core, and ice stone are accumulated.

This harvest was full of pots.

What surprised him even more was that after he extracted two Cang Yan chiefs, his fire talent was finally promoted to A rank.

So far, his A-level talents have reached four kinds, namely the law of water, the law of fire, the law of earth, and the five elements are connected.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

If many combat talents are superimposed, they can be compared to SSS-level combat talents.

That's the benefit of having so much talent!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more cool it became.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The clone kills the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +47 attributes and 123,000 energy points. 】

[The clone kills the guardian (human-level realm) successfully, you get +49 attributes and 126,000 energy points. 】

good! good!

Another big gain!

Killing the guardian is cool!

Now, Qin Feng has seen that the guardian of the murderous peak gets about 30 to 50 attribute points.

Killing the land-level realm, it is probably in the range of 300 to 500 points.

As for the guardian of the Heaven-killing realm, it is unknown what benefits will be obtained, I am afraid that the benefits are unimaginable.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke out of the water again...

A quarter of an hour later, by the Tongtian Lake.

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he turned the two corpses in front of him into ashes.

It was the corpses of Kurogo and Kurosawa.

He also got two storage rings and a fourth-order equipment from the two of them, and the harvest was not small.

In addition, he also extracted dozens of attributes from the two bodies.

At this point, everything is cleaned up!

"It's finally done!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, opened the panel, and checked his progress.

[Level]: Level 18 93.7%

【Reputation】: 165 points

[Combat evaluation]: 437 stars

[Free attribute]: 1692 points.

good! good!

It's one line away from level 19.

Combat power and prestige are not far from getting the title of 'Supreme Novice'.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

What's more, he still has 2362 attribute points not added.

He killed six Cangagaki and gained a total of 1692 attribute points.

However, the brothers in Longyuan Village are very powerful. Every time someone's combat power exceeds 30 stars, they give him 10 attributes back.

Occasionally, someone breaks through 50 stars and gives him 20 attributes back.

After accumulating like this, his free attribute points reached 2362 points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a happy mood, so he started adding points.

After a while, the points are added. !

His combat power soared to 481 stars again, and he was a big step closer to the goal of 500 stars.

However, with such combat power, whether he can defeat the mysterious man at the bottom of the lake tonight, he is still a little uneasy.

As far as he estimates, the mysterious man's combat power is definitely above 500 stars.

If he was given enough time to grow slowly, he would not be afraid of the mysterious man at the bottom of the lake.

The crux of the problem is that the second stage of the task must be completed within 24 hours.

That is to say, if he does not complete it tonight, the mission will be judged to be a permanent failure.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He has to speed up to improve his strength!

At the very least, he has to raise his combat power to more than 500 stars, so he will be more confident.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I have taken out all the bones of the shark king's body. There are only seven units!"