Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the people of No. 911 Novice Village panicked...

At this time, Tiandao's prompt sounded again.

[Content of this competition: The first novice village to come out with a level 5 powerhouse will win this bet. 】

[Reminder: Be the first to rise to level 5 and win this game, and you will be rewarded with an additional 50 attributes and a silver treasure chest. 】

[Reminder: The chat channels of the two novice areas have begun to connect in parallel...]

Fuck it~!

Such a thing happened!

Qin Feng was startled and quickly entered the chat channel.

At this time, the chat channel is full of noise...

"Fuck~! What's going on? What is No. 137 Xinsheng Village doing?"

"Damn! They are going to bet against us for resources! If we lose, it will be miserable! Everyone will be weakened by 20 points!"

"Woo~! Woo~! Woo~! The little girl is only level 1, and all the attributes have not added up to 40 points. If this attribute is weakened by 20 points, will I still live?"

"Hey~! Beauty upstairs, this isn't the scariest thing. What's scary is that the loser's resources are halved, so how can we complete the novice assessment!"

"Fuck~! If the resources are halved, our upgrade speed will definitely drop! In that case, most people will not be able to pass the novice assessment!"

"It's over! It's over! I don't want to die yet!"

"Upstairs! Don't panic! We haven't lost yet!"

"That's right! The competition hasn't even started yet, and you people are just so pessimistic."

"By the way! The content of this competition is: that novice village is the first to have a level 5 powerhouse. Our novice village No. 911, who is the fastest to upgrade?"

"Is this still a question? It must be Liu Xuan!"

"Yes! It's Mr. Liu Xuan! This time, whether our No. 911 Novice Village can win or not depends on Mr. Liu Xuan."

"Boss Liu Xuan, all the villagers rely on you! You must bring our novice village to win!"

At this moment, everyone's expectations were placed on Liu Xuanshen

Chapter 24 Blood Race! The provocation of the night!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: During the betting period, the ranking channels of the two major novice villages are temporarily blocked. 】

The chat channel suddenly burst into mourning.

"Fuck~! I can't get into the ranking channel!"

"Hey! I really can't get in!"

"In this way, I don't know who is the first in the rank!"

"This is the intention of Tiandao, it wants us to panic!"

"Yeah! The more unknown it is, the more panic it is!"

"Everyone, isn't Liu Xuan the first place in our village! As long as Mr. Liu Xuan reaches level 5, we will win!"

"That's right upstairs!"

"That's right! We just support Liu Xuan!"

Qin Feng was silent when he saw this.

The real first place in this village should be him.

At this moment, Tiandao's prompt sounded again.

[Announcement: The two novice village chat channels have been connected successfully. Villagers on both sides can enter each other's chat channels, but they do not have the right to speak. 】

[Reminder: After ten minutes, start resource betting. Start the countdown 10:00…9:59…]

The chat channel parallel is completed.

Sure enough, at the bottom right of the Tiandao light screen, there is an option for the No. 137 Novice Village chat channel.

Qin Feng quickly switched channels and entered the chat channel of No. 137 Novice Village.

There was already a lot of noise in there.

"I bought it! What's going on? How did our No. 137 Xinsheng Village launch a resource bet with No. 911 Xinsheng Village? Who?! Who did this!"

"Gentleman above, didn't you see the prompt? A man named Edward did it!"

"Oh! Damn Edward, why did he launch this challenge without our consent?!"

"Damn it! If we lose this challenge, we will be miserable!"

"Oh! I don't want to lose! I hate losing! I'm against this!"

"Sir, this challenge is allowed by Heaven, and you can't change it!"

"I buy it! This is not democratization! This is not human rights! Why doesn't Heaven give us votes, why doesn't we let us choose freely!"

"Oh! God **** it! How can you do this? I'm going to protest to Heaven! I'm going to protest to Heaven!"

"You idiots! Heaven is an existence that is countless times stronger than God. We are ants in front of it. How dare you oppose it?! This is the killing world of Heaven, not our lighthouse country!"

Qin Feng finally understood when he saw this.

It turns out that the novice village No. 137 is all people from the lighthouse country on the Blue Star.

It doesn't seem to be very smart.

As of now, they still haven't figured out their situation.

Speaking of which, No. 911 Novice Village was filled with people from the Dragon Kingdom on Blue Star.

It seems that Tiandao intends to put people from the same country in the same novice village.

"Oh! It's that **** Edward! Why is he making this challenge?"

"Everyone, I just went to the No. 911 Novice Village chat channel to check it out. It turns out that they are all from the Dragon Kingdom!"

"The people of the Dragon Country? The big country in the East. They are very thin and small, and they are called 'sick men' in history. If the opponent is them, I will be relieved."

"Sir, don't underestimate the Dragon Kingdom. Although they are a little thin, they have an ancient civilization and a very high per capita IQ."

"Oh! In a world full of blood and slaughter, can a smart IQ match a strong body?"

At this moment, a sentence popped out in the chat channel, and that Edward finally appeared.

Edward: "Gentlemen! Ladies! I am the noble Baron Edward!"

"Damn Edward! You finally showed up!"

"Oh! Baron? What the **** is that?"

Edward: "Haha!! The lord tells you a secret, I, Edward, are a noble blood family."

As soon as these words came out, the whole channel was in a frenzy.

"God! It turns out that Mr. Edward is a vampire!"

"Vampires have incomparably powerful power and a long life, which is not comparable to us humans. This killing world is made for them."

"But he's just a baron, and he should be the weakest first-order among vampires."

"The gentleman upstairs, even the weakest vampire, is far stronger than us humans. He will definitely rise to level 5 soon and lead us to win this bet!"

"Oh! I understand! Mr. Edward must have deliberately chosen the novice village of the Dragon Country. With the thin body of the Dragon Country people, the basic index must be very poor. They can't compare to us, let alone Baron Edward!"

"Oye! The upstairs makes sense. Our No. 137 Novice Village will definitely win this bet!"

Edward: "Ladies and gentlemen, please don't call me a vampire, you should call me a noble vampire. This time, I will definitely bring you victory!"

"Lord Baron, what is your level progress now?"

Edward: "Oh! Ben is now level 4 (370/1200), not far from level 5."

"I buy it! Lord Baron, you are already level 4, and I'm only level 1!"

"Oh! dear Lord Baron, you are too great! Too great!"

"Dear Lord Baron! I adore you!"

At this moment, the lighthouse people were extremely excited.

"No! Mr. Edward, I am against you! I will never vote for you!"

Edward: "Why?"

"Because of what you've done is not deceitful!"

Edward: "Oh! Sir, don't you want to win? Don't you want more attributes and resources?"

"I want to win, and I also want to get more attributes and resources, but I just want to oppose you, this is my freedom!"

Edward: "I'm a fool! My long life has taught me that there is no shortage of idiots in my lighthouse country at any time!"

"Lord Baron, please ignore those idiots. Hurry up and level up and bring victory to our No. 137 Novice Village!"

Edward: "Gentlemen and ladies, you don't have to worry. It's getting dark! The night is the time when our blood is the strongest. At that time, I will be able to single out level 4 beasts, and the level-up experience will increase!"

"My God! The blood clan is powerful! A level 4 baron can single out a level 4 beast! It's amazing!"

"Oh! I understand! Lord Baron, you deliberately chose to bet when it was dark, because the night is in your favor."

Edward: "Sir, you are very smart, you guessed it right. The night is my home. And I chose No. 911 Novice Village because the number '911' has a special meaning to our lighthouse country!"

"Wow! Lord Baron, you are really thoughtful!"

"Lord Baron, we are so happy to have you in Novice Village No. 137!"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Edward: "Everyone, the betting competition is about to begin. I will upload my upgrade progress at any time, so that you can feel the approach of victory at any time!"

"Oh! That's great!"

"God! We would like to feel the glory of the baron!"

Channel 137 cheered, as if victory was imminent. ………………

Chapter 25 Race against time and get a new level!

Channel 137 cheered, as if victory was imminent.

Qin Feng stopped watching and switched back to the 911 Novice Village channel, which was full of anxiety.

"Everyone, this time, the victory or defeat of our No. 911 Novice Village depends on Liu Xuan alone."

"Boss Liu Xuan, you have to work hard! Everything depends on you!"

At this time, Liu Xuan also spoke.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, it's already dark. Now I'm facing a big problem. After dark, the visibility is greatly reduced, and it's harder to find beasts than during the day."

"Yeah! I've already discovered that the number of beasts in Novice Village is rare. It's not easy to find a beast during the day, let alone at night."

"No way! We can't wait to die like this! By the way, I suggest that the bosses above level 2 go to the level 2 beast zone and help Liu Xuan find the beasts!"

"That's a good idea! I'm level 2! I'm willing to help Liu Xuan find his way!"

"I'm level 1! I'm also going to help Liu Xuan explore the way!"

"I'll go as well!"

"I also need to go!"

At this moment, No. 911 Novice Village is united.

Everyone is willing to sacrifice their own interests to assist Liu Xuan to upgrade quickly.

Liu Xuan: "Great! With your help, the difficulties I face will no longer be difficulties."

"Boss Liu Xuan, what is your current level progress?"

Liu Xuan: "Level 3 (417/600

"This... the Baron Edward opposite is already level 4 (370/1200)!"