Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng: "There are only seven units, so only seven teleportation formations can be built."

Qiyue: "Yes! What we need is thirteen teleportation formations, and we still need six units of bones. Master, you have to kill another earth-level king beast to get enough. But earth-level king beasts are very rare. Where are you going to find this?"

The little girl's tone was a little worried.

Qin Feng comforted: "No hurry! I know where there are prefecture-level king beasts, and I should be able to get them tonight. By the way, you also need to help collect some other consumables for the construction of the teleportation array."

Qi Yue: "Well, Yue'er is already acquiring it. At present, it is enough to build three teleportation arrays, and the rest are still being acquired."

Qin Feng nodded secretly.

The biggest problem in building a teleportation array is the fifth-order bones.

The rest of the consumables are not a problem and are well collected.

Qiyue: "By the way, master, we now have a lot of Tier 3 equipment and Tier 4 equipment, but it's a little difficult to change the golden treasure chest! After all, there are not many people in the villages in the regional channel. There is a golden treasure chest."

Qin Feng nodded slightly, thinking that this is indeed a problem.

He just got another batch of Tier 3 and Tier 4 equipment, which is really hard to handle.

Qin Feng: "This is indeed a problem. We have equipment now, but no market. Well, I'll go back first, and then think about how to deal with this problem."

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Master, are you coming back?"

Qin Feng: "Well, the matter on Tongtian Lake is almost done, and the rest will come later at night."

Qi Yue was overjoyed: "Master, come back soon! Yue'er really wants to see you!"

Qin Feng smiled.

This little girl is a bit clingy.

Afterwards, he pressed the 'one key to return to the village', turned into a white light, and disappeared by the lake.

In the next second, he appeared in his novice cabin.

"Finally home!"

Qin Feng looked at his wooden house, felt safe and warm, and relaxed.

Next, he will take stock of the key gains this time.

Thinking of this, he took out the fifth-order **** card and two fifth-order equipment from the storage ring.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of first-level novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 2,003.10, reaching the required standard for a fourth-level village. 】

There are 2000 novice cabins!

Qin Feng was surprised.

Sure enough, the more the population, the faster the wooden house is upgraded.

Not long after that, a **** condition for level 4 villages was completed.

According to this progress, Longyuan Village has great hope, and will be promoted to level 4 village before the end of the novice assessment.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At that time, Longyuan Village will have the authority to capture prisoners of war.

Western Baipi, Asan, Island slaves, Nanbangs, just wait!

Qin Feng was looking forward to it.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Announcement to the whole world: The number of first-level villages in the Blue Star Realm has reached 1,000, and the world trading channel has been opened. 】

[Reminder: Only villages above level 1 are eligible to enter the World Trading Channel. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, the whole world was shocked!

Since the end of the village chief's mission last night, more than 3,000 villages have been born in the Blue Star Realm.

Now, of the more than 3,000 villages, 1,000 have finally been promoted to level 1 villages.

Therefore, the World Trading Channel is on!

All the first-level villages, cheers!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He was worried that he could not get the golden treasure chest, and now the opportunity came

Chapter 199 Strategic resources, the wooden house is upgraded again!

[Reminder: Longyuan Village is being merged into the world trading channel... The merger is successful, and Longyuan Village has obtained the world trading authority]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village.

Qi Yue's happy voice also sounded in Qin Feng's ears.

"Master, the world trading channel is open! We can exchange more golden treasure chests."

"Go and see!"

"Um!"

Qin Feng quickly opened the Tiandao light screen, and sure enough, there was a world trading channel in the trading channel.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: The world chat channel is open! 】

[Reminder: Only villages above level 1 are eligible to enter the world chat channel. 】

[Reminder: To speak on the world channel, you need to be level 11 or above, and each speech needs to consume 10 contribution points. 】

what!

The world chat channel is also open!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he quickly switched to the chat channel.

I saw that the chat channel has been split screen, the next screen is the Longyuan Village chat channel, and the previous screen is the world chat channel.

The chat channel of Longyuan Village is only visible to the villagers of Longyuan Village.

World chat channel, all villages above level 1 are visible.

At this moment, in the Longyuan Village chat channel, everyone was extremely excited.

"Wow~! The world chat channel is finally open!"

"Haha! We can finally contact the outside world!"

"Yeah! I've long been suffocated!"

"I'm suffocated too!"

"Everyone, don't be too happy! You can see clearly that only level 11 and above are eligible to speak in 07."

"I'm going! I'm only level 8, and I don't even have the right to speak."

"I'm level 9, and I can't speak."

"Haha! It's the fifth day of the novice assessment period. Those who can rise to level 11 or above during this period are definitely big guys!"

"Of course! However, there are dozens of big men like this in our village."

"Haha! How can our Longyuan Village be comparable to other villages!"

"Having said that, but speaking on the World Channel is too expensive, right? It takes 10 Contribution Points to say a word!"

"Isn't it fragrant to exchange 10 contribution points for 3 power stones?"

"That's right! It seems that only the rich and powerful can afford to speak on the World Channel."

"Haha! Everyone, those guys in the regional channel are crazy with envy. They really want to know what the world chat channel looks like!"

Seeing everyone's excitement, Qin Feng smiled and said nothing.

At this moment, a series of messages popped up in the world chat channel.

"Yongye Village is looking for ice stone, green wood core, and fire glaze!"

"Guangming Village is looking for ice stone, green wood core, and fire glaze!"

"Wu Zhuangguan is looking for ice stone, green wood core, and fire glaze!"

"Brahma Village wants to buy Frozen Stone, Aoki Core, and Fire Glass!"

"Kimchi Village is looking for ice stone, green wood core, and fire glaze!"

In just a moment, more than 100 buying messages appeared on the World Channel, all of them asking for ice stones, green wood cores, and fire glazes.

The crowd began to discuss again.

"Hey! Why are you all looking to buy Frost Stone, Aoki Core, and Fire Glazed Glass?"

"Yeah! Are those villages lacking these resources?"

"Upstairs, Frost Stone, Green Wood Core, and Fire Glazed Glass are the necessary resources for upgrading wooden houses above level 2. If these resources are insufficient, the wooden houses cannot be upgraded, and then the villages cannot be upgraded."

"Yeah! They can't compare to us! We have already received the village competition rewards, and they are still fighting for the reward spots!"

"Of course! Our boss is Qin Feng! Can they compare?"

"Haha! With Boss Qin Feng here, our Longyuan Village will definitely become the largest force in the Blue Star Realm, and the entire Blue Star Realm will be unified in the future."

At this moment, Qin Feng came out.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I have a question here!"

"Wow! The boss is out!"

"Big brother village chief, you finally appeared again, I want to kill you!"

"Brother village chief, do you want a female assistant? I also want to be your assistant. I won't be jealous with Miss Qiyue."

Qiyue: "Humph! The master doesn't want you! It's enough for the master to have me!"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, be serious. Like ice stones, green wood cores, and fire glazes, these are strategic resources. In the future, our villages will grow bigger and bigger, and the population will also increase."

Qin Feng: "These resources will always be needed, and the demand will only increase. Therefore, the ice stones, green wood cores, and fire glazes that we will get in the future should not be traded out, but only allowed to be traded in this village."

"The boss is right! These strategic resources cannot be circulated. Strictly speaking, those villages are our competitors in the future. Giving them strategic resources is funding the opponent!"

"Don't worry, boss, we will strictly abide by your regulations. If anyone violates it, he will be expelled from Longyuan Village!"

"Resolutely support the boss's decision! Strategic resources must not flow out!"

"That's right! We don't have enough strategic resources ourselves, how can we drain them to our competitors!"

The crowd joined in.

Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Today, he is one word in Longyuan Village.

He put down this sentence, I am afraid that no one dares to take out strategic resources anymore.

At this time, Liu Xuan appeared again.

Liu Xuan: "Boss, I have a question for you. Now that the wooden houses in the village have been upgraded, Fire Glazed Glass should be enough, but Frost Stone and Green Wood Core are somewhat lacking."

Wu Yong: "Yes! Many people have upgraded to level 2 and level 3 wooden houses. If they have collected enough other materials, they are short of ice stones and green wood cores."

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

"The boss is right! Frozen stone, green wood core, and fire glaze are all strategic resources. As long as we upgrade the village, we will always need these resources."

"Yeah! Now, we're not enough ourselves."

"Even if it's enough, it can't be sold to those villages. If they all become stronger, how can our Longyuan Village dominate the Blue Star Realm!"

"If the Blue Star Realm is not unified, how can we still compete with the Ten Thousand Realms?"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I will deal with the lack of Bingshi and Qingmuxin. You also work hard to upgrade the wooden house. Also, some low-level brothers will also work hard."

"Don't worry, boss! We will definitely work hard!"