Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"That's right! We strive to upgrade the village to level 4 before the end of the novice assessment, so that we will have more confidence to deal with the natural punishment assessment!"

"Yeah! There's another Heavenly Punishment Assessment! I almost forgot!"

"Our village's natural punishment assessment is twice as difficult as other villages, so we must not take it lightly."

"Everyone, let's work hard! Try to raise Longyuan Village to level 4 as soon as possible!"

"Upgrading to a level 4 village has more benefits than a level 3 village, I can't wait, haha!"

Qin Feng: "That's all for today. By the way, the price of energy stones in our village is cheaper than those in the second-level and first-level villages. You can sell energy stones to other villages!"

Boom~!

This reminder, the whole channel is fried!

"Wow! The boss is so smart, why didn't we think of it!"

"Yeah! Our village's power stone only has 3 contribution points, the second-level village is 5 points, and the first-level village is 10 points. Before other villages reach level 3, we can occupy the power stone market!"

"Haha! Finally found another way to make money! It's so cool!"

The crowd cheered again, everyone was extremely excited.

Qin Feng smiled.

It was at this moment that he saw that Qiyue posted the news of the golden treasure chest on the World Channel.

The little girl is very positive about his affairs.

As soon as the little girl's information was released, it caused quite a stir in the World Channel.

Seeing that the trivial matters were finished, Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

Afterwards, he found the frozen ice stone, green wood core, and fire glaze that he had collected this time from the storage ring, and donated them all.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

This donation naturally caused a sensation, and the whole village cheered.

Of course, he also made restrictions on the exchange rules.

That is, each person can only exchange Frost Stone, Green Wood Core, and Fire Glazed Glass once, and those that have already been exchanged will not be exchanged again.

This is to prevent villagers from secretly hoarding strategic resources and causing resource outflow.

With this donation, his contribution points that were almost exhausted soared to more than 10,000 points.

After finishing these trivial matters, Qin Feng took out the fifth-order **** card again and prepared to study.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Villager Qiyue upgrades the level 3 novice cabin to level 4...gets 400 attribute rewards]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Qiyue's wooden house has been upgraded.

His log cabin should also be upgraded.

Thinking of this, he quickly opened [Create Channel] and pressed a button to upgrade...

Boom~Long~Long!

The next second, the wooden house he was in began to change, making a rumbling sound...

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng upgraded the novice cabin from level 4 to level 5...get 800 attribute rewards]

A shocking move!

Qin Feng's wooden house has undergone tremendous changes, from a three-bedroom two-hall wooden house to a two-story high-end wooden building, with a very…

At the same time, a beam of light fell from the sky, causing him to soar his attributes by 800 points.

Looking at the luxurious furniture in the house, Qin Feng felt very comfortable.

At the same moment, the whole village cheered again.

Qin Feng's wooden house has been upgraded to level 5, and the **** conditions for Longyuan Village to be upgraded to level 4 village have completed another...  

Chapter 200 Fifth-Order! Time Bracelet!

After completing the upgrade of the wooden house, Qin Feng picked up the fifth-order **** card again and studied it.

[Land Deed Card: A fifth-order **** card, a contract **** card that has been blessed by heaven. 】

[Reminder: This card is the land contract of the Cangtu Ministry. Using this card, you can become the owner of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, and can control all public buildings in it, and have the authority to build and protect the altar. 】

[Friendly reminder: When village chiefs at all levels are killed by guardians, land deed cards will also be released. The guardian uses the deed card to become the occupier of the village and can use all public buildings in the village. 】

"So this is ah!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up after reading it.

The so-called land deed card is the certificate of land that has been certified by Tiandao.

Today, his real territory is only the headquarters of Longyuan Village, and other villages are just extensions of power, and it is impossible to build a "guardian altar" on it. After all, the foundation is unstable.

Only the real site has the authority to establish a guardian altar.

"Not bad! Not bad! With this card, I can have a second real estate."

Qin Feng's heart was hot.

In fact, in the future, the battle between the various forces will be the battle of territory and the battle of resources.

"By the way, among the quest rewards for the second stage of the god-level village, there is the title deed card of Tayue Town."

"If I get the title deed card of Tayue Town, my sphere of influence will really expand to the vicinity of Tongtian Lake."

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart became even hotter.

He had observed before that the resources near Tayue Town were extremely rich, much more abundant than that of Sangqi Village.

Wood, stone, iron ore, and spirit grass are all available.

Otherwise, thousands of years ago, there would be no forces to build a town in that place.

If Tayue Town becomes his own territory, it will be extremely beneficial to the development of Longyuan Village!

Qin Feng was in a good mood after figuring out the magic of the ditch card.

He also became more determined. Tonight, he must complete the task at the bottom of the lake and get the title deed card of Tayue Town.

Then, he put away the title deed card and took stock of the next two fifth-order equipment.

I saw a flash of white light, and Qin Feng had a pair of boots in his hands. The divine pattern was engraved on it, and the spiritual light flowed and the breath was extraordinary.

[Skyrage Boots: Tier 5 equipment, agility +200, defense +100, movement speed +130%, five elements resistance +100%, wind resistance +100%, lightning resistance +100%. 】

good! good!

Tier 5 equipment is extraordinary!

The attributes of this boot are excellent, it is a big grade stronger than his Fengshen boots, and the movement speed is also faster.

At the moment, Qin Feng put on the Skyrage boots and replaced the Fengshen boots.

With this change, his breath changed and his aura became stronger.

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and took out the second fifth-order equipment.

It was a simple necklace with a divine pattern engraved on it, with a hint of divine aura.

[Guardian Chain: Tier 5 equipment, Strength +100, Agility +100, Constitution +100, Energy +100. 】

Gee~! Gee~!

The properties of this necklace are quite good!

But then, Qin Feng frowned slightly, a little worried.

His Phantom Necklace is not as good as the Patronus Chain, but the Phantom Necklace comes with the skills of Phantom Clone!

That avatar skill is especially applicable, and he was a little reluctant to let him change the necklace.

The attributes of the guardian chain are really good.

This time, Qin Feng was a little embarrassed.

According to the rules of heaven, one person can only wear one kind of necklace equipment.

If he wants to wear the Patronus Chain, he has to replace the Phantom Necklace.

By the way, can I do this...

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, as if thinking of something, he took off the phantom necklace.

[Phantom Necklace: Tier 4 equipment, energy +100, contains skills - phantom clone. 】

Looking at the necklace in his hand, Qin Feng took a deep breath and stroked it away with one hand.

Om~!

The next second, his palm lit up with white light...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the fourth-order skill - Phantom Clone. 】

what!

It worked!

Qin Feng was amazed.

He actually extracted the skills from the equipment to himself.

Endless extraction is powerful!

Then, he looked at the Phantom Necklace again, and the attributes really changed.

[Phantom Necklace: Tier 4 equipment, energy +100. 】

It is still a fourth-order quality necklace, but the attributes have become very single.

Qin Feng put away the phantom necklace with satisfaction.

No matter how bad this phantom necklace is, it is still a Tier 4 item, and it can still be exchanged for a gold treasure chest.

After doing this, he put on the Patronus Chain, and the breath of his whole body rose again.

At this point, he changed the shotgun to the gun, and he had two more fifth-order equipment on his body.

Plus the Dark Night Sword, Heavenly Dragon Armor, and Sky Shield.

He has a total of 5 fifth-order equipment.

You must know that in this novice assessment period, the vast majority of people do not even have a third-order equipment.

Such a set of equipment is simply frightening.

Even the powerhouses of the Great Thousand Worlds, few people can have such a high match.

Qin Feng was very satisfied with his equipment.

He took another look at his combat power, and it soared to 490 stars.

When two pieces of Tier 5 equipment were changed, his strength skyrocketed!

By the way, there is also a fifth-order equipment.

Qin Feng thought about it, and took out a bracelet from the storage ring.

The bracelet was rusted and black, emitting moisture.

It was obtained by Qin Feng from the bottom of the lake, the only piece of Tier 4 equipment.

[Rotten bracelet: Tier 4 preparation, strength +50, agility +50, time-related ability increase +50%. 】

This is actually an extremely rare time-based equipment!

Don't look at the fact that it doesn't add much to the attributes of strength and agility, just the last attribute, the time-related ability +50%, is extremely remarkable.

"This bracelet is so suitable for Qiyue!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and wiped it casually.

Om~!

The white light lit up, and the corrosion on the bracelet disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye.