Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, the rusty bracelet was radiant and exuded an amazing aura.

【Endless extraction success! The decayed bracelet (level 4) was successfully cleared of impurities and was promoted to the bracelet of time (level 5). 】

[Time Bracelet: Fifth-order equipment, blessed by the God of Time, strength +100, agility +100, time-related ability +100%. 】

good! good!

Time-related ability +100%!

If Qiyue wears this bracelet, her time force field will definitely become stronger.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Qiyue's time force field is very useful to him.

If Qiyue's time force field is doubled, it will bring him even greater benefits.

At this moment, Qi Yue's excited voice sounded in his ears.

Qiyue: "Master, the World Trade Channel is very useful. In just a while, I have already exchanged two golden treasure chests."

Qin Feng: "Yue'er, good job! By the way, I have a present for you."

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, what gift?"

Qin Feng: "You will know in a while!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared in place.

Inside the wooden house, only a white spot of light remained in the air.

Qin Feng has entered the zero-degree space

At the same time, the Great World, the stronghold of the Cangtu Ministry.

At this moment, the teleportation formation at that stronghold suddenly lit up with aura, which alerted the two children who were guarding the teleportation formation.

The next second, there was another embarrassed figure on the teleportation array, it was the wind who escaped.

Chapter 201 Changes in the Time Force Field

At this moment, Feng Xi's mouth was bloody, and his expression was sluggish.

Before, he was shocked by Qin Feng's sword and vomited blood, and he had suffered serious internal injuries.

After this desperate escape, his injuries were aggravated.

He doesn't have Qin Feng's rejuvenation technique, and after being injured, he cannot recover automatically.

"Hey! It's Elder Wind Breath!"

"Elder Fengxi, what's wrong with you?"

The two members of the Cangtu Ministry were startled and hurriedly stepped forward to help them.

Feng Qi waved his hand to stop it, then took out a healing medicine pill from the storage ring and swallowed it.

After a while, his pale face turned bloody, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Before fleeing for his life, he was so frightened that his soul almost flew away, how could he dare to take medicine while running away.

It was not until he fled to the Cangtu Ministry and felt safe that he let his guard down and took the healing medicine.

"Elder Feng's Breath, why are you injured?"

"Where's the elder of my family?"

The two asked anxiously.

Feng Qi took a deep breath and looked at the two with a complicated look.

After a long while, he sighed: "Hey! Brother Cangyuan has been killed!"

Boom~!

The two of them were shaking violently, as if hearing a thunderbolt from the blue.

"What?! Our Great Elder has fallen?"

"This... how is this possible?"

Feng Xi smiled wryly: "I saw it with my own eyes! Also, Feng Xuan from my department, Yan Xun and Yan Ming from Cang Yan's department also all perished."

Boom~!

The two were shocked again!

Oh my God!

Four prefecture-level powerhouses!

They have all fallen!

What exactly happened to them?

"Elder Feng's Breath, what the **** happened?"

"Yeah! What happened?"

The wind sighed: "Hey! We were in Tongtian Lake and met a mysterious young man. That guy was so powerful that he killed four of us in a row, and the old 543 husband was lucky to escape!"

hiss~!

The two took a deep breath.

They can't believe the existence of one person who can defeat the five elders and kill four people and injure one person.

"My God! Elder Feng's Breath, is that person a fifth-level powerhouse or a sixth-level powerhouse?"

"Yeah! Even if it's a fifth-layer powerhouse, I'm afraid it's not that powerful, right?"

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "The old man also doubts whether he is a sixth-level powerhouse? In short, this matter is beyond the control of the old man. The old man must report to the headquarters and let the patriarch hold a meeting of the nine divisions!"

This shocked the two of them!

The Cang Clan's nine-part conference is only held once every ten years.

The most recent nine-part conference was only held five days ago, and the purpose was to discuss the arrival of the challenger.

Unexpectedly, in the past five days, the Cang Clan will hold the second Nine Division General Assembly.

This also shows that things are serious!

The enemy is very powerful!

"You two, go and inform Heilong and let him go to the headquarters and participate in the Nine Division Conference!"

"Yes! Elder!"

The two quickly responded.

Heilong was the fourth elder of the Cangtu Ministry and the last elder of the Cangtu Ministry.

He has been responsible for staying in the Cangtu Ministry.

Now, all the three elders of the Cangtu Ministry were killed, and only Heilong came out to take charge.

After the wind breath finished, he didn't stay any longer, launched the teleportation array again, and left in a hurry...

Those two did not dare to delay, and hurriedly went back to report to the Fourth Elder...

At the same time, Longyuan Village.

With the flash of white light, Qin Feng entered the zero-degree space.

As soon as he entered, he was amazed by the sight in front of him.

I saw that the center of the space was Qiyue's level 4 wooden house.

On the side of the wooden house, there is a Lingquan well.

Around the wooden house, all kinds of spirit flowers and spirit grasses are planted.

The whole space is arranged like a small garden, and the air is filled with the fragrance of flowers and plants, which is particularly refreshing.

Looking at this scene, Qin style was relieved.

The little girl is really attentive.

She planted the spirit flowers and spirit grasses that she exchanged, and poured some spirit liquid.

This makes all kinds of spirit flowers and spirit grass grow very well.

"Yue'er took care of it very well!"

Qin Feng secretly applauded.

Afterwards, he followed a path among the flowers and plants to the wooden house.

After a while, he entered the wooden house.

"Master, you are here!"

When Qiyue saw him, she was ecstatic.

"Little girl, this is for you!"

Qin Feng directly took out the time bracelet and handed it over.

Qiyue took the bracelet subconsciously, looked at it carefully, and exclaimed.

"Wow~! This is a fifth-order bracelet! Master, is this really for me?"

The little girl seemed to be in disbelief.

Tier 5 equipment is extremely precious!

Qin Feng smiled: "Little girl, this is for you."

"Master, you are so kind!"

The little girl blushed slightly.

This was the first time the master had given her a present, which made her very happy.

"Little girl, put it on and see the effect."

"Um."

Qiyue nodded obediently, and put the bracelet of that time on her wrist as smooth as white jade.

When he put it on, Qin Feng could clearly sense that the time flow around him had changed a lot.

Qi Yue also said happily: "Master, this bracelet is very useful! With it, my time force field has been doubled to triple and doubled, and the coverage has also doubled."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "If the force field is tripled, then 3 hours have passed here, and 1 hour has passed outside."

"Yes!"

The little girl nodded happily.

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy: "Not bad! Not bad! With this force field, it can save us a lot of time. Little girl, good job!"

Qi Yue said happily: "As long as I can help the master, Yue'er will be very happy. By the way, master, these are the two golden treasure chests that Yue'er just bought."

The little girl took out two golden treasure chests from the storage ring.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Qin Feng put it away and was in a good mood.

"Master, Yue'er's wooden house is already level 4, and there are three rooms! Yue'er has prepared a room for you. If the master thinks it is more convenient to live in the same room as Yue'er, Yue'er will go and re-arrange it. "

The little girl blushed.

In her mind, she is Qin Feng's personal maid, who should be served.

As long as the master needs it, no matter what it is, she will do it, and she is willing to do it.

Qin Feng also knows the little girl's thoughts.

"I just want a separate room. By the way, how is the situation with the pet eggs?"

"I put it in another separate room, and the little guy has been sleeping!"

"Well, I'll go take a look!"

At the moment, the two came to the room where the pet egg was.