Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng stepped forward to check, and sure enough, he saw that the little guy in the pet egg had been sleeping, and the whole egg shell exuded a faint red light.

"Strange! Calculate the time, the little guy should have hatched, why is he still sleeping?"

Qin Feng stroked the eggshell and muttered in his mouth.

"Master, this battle pet egg was originally a fifth-order, but it was only advanced to the sixth-order because it absorbed the medicinal power of the fiery red lotus, so the incubation time may have become longer!"

"As it should be!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Qi Yue said again: "Master, my grandfather said that the longer the incubation time of the pet egg, the better. The more powerful the pet, the longer the incubation time. The incubation time of this pet is longer than expected, which means that it will be very strong."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "There is such a saying! If so, let's wait slowly! By the way, Yue'er, you continue to acquire other materials for the construction of the teleportation array. I will go to build it in a few hours. Teleportation Array."

"Okay~!"

The little girl readily agreed.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng came to the independent room that Qiyue had arranged for him.

After closing the door, he took out five golden treasure chests and directly closed a dark treasure chest.

So far, he has three hidden treasure chests and one golden treasure chest in his hands.

This made him very satisfied.

After doing this, Qin Feng sat cross-legged in the room.

Afterwards, he took out the 40 dragon blood fruits that he had not eaten last time, and exchanged them for thousands of novice short knives.

Next, he started to make money while eating the spirit fruit...

With Qiyue's triple time force field, Qin Feng saved a lot of time.

In a blink of an eye, four hours passed by the outside world.

Twelve hours have passed in the cabin.

During these twelve hours, Qin Feng actually extracted more than 70,000 novice knives and earned more than 220,000 contribution points.

In addition, the forty dragon blood fruits have also been eaten.

His dragon blood concentration also reached 14.7%, and his combat power soared to 517 stars in one fell swoop.

At this point, his small goal of reaching more than 500 stars in combat power has finally been completed.

It put him in a good mood.

"Four hours have passed! Time for action!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and got up in joy.

He was very satisfied with the harvest in these twelve hours.

Next, he should build the teleportation array.

After he built it, it was almost dark, and it was time to do the task at the bottom of the lake.

Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect, so he was going to go to Qiyue and inquire about the progress of the collection of other materials in the teleportation array.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder

Chapter 202 The power struggles for hegemony

Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect, so he was going to go to Qiyue and inquire about the progress of the collection of other materials in the teleportation array.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: The number of level 3 novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 100, which is the standard required for upgrading to level 4 villages. 】

good! good!

Upgraded the **** conditions of a level 4 village, and completed another one.

Having said that, the upgrade speed of Longyuan Village is getting faster and faster, even if it is twice as difficult as others, it is much faster than others.

This is not only because Longyuan Village is rich in resources, Longyuan Village also has a bigger advantage, that is, its huge population.

In other villages, the population is less than 1,000, and most of them are between 700 and 900 people.

The population of Longyuan Village is more than 15,000, which is nearly 20 times that of other villages.

These nearly 20 times as many people kill monsters, chop down trees, quarry, and mine, and the basic resources such as fur, wood, stone, and iron ore are huge.

Therefore, the speed at which Longyuan Village collects resources is beyond the imagination of other villages.

Even if other villages tried their best, they would not be able to catch up with one-tenth of Longyuan Village.

That's the benefit of a large population.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's mind flashed.

Thinking of it this way, if he captures thousands of prisoners of war and converts all those prisoners into slaves, it will be of great benefit to Longyuan Village.

Because after the villagers obtain the production resources, they must consume the resources to upgrade the wooden houses.

Slaves don’t need the same, they don’t have individual wooden houses, they live in public buildings “slave houses”, and they don’t need to consume strategic resources.

Their only authority is to exchange contribution points for some food.

Therefore, they almost only produce resources and do not consume resources.

In this way, the resources and energy they produced will be continuously supplied to Qin Feng and the villagers, thus speeding up the upgrade progress of Longyuan Village.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng was very excited, and he was full of expectations for upgrading to level 4 villages.

Because only 4th-level villages have prisoner of war orders, they can have slaves.

"If you don't want this, let's deal with the teleportation array first!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and went to find Qiyue...

A quarter of an hour later, outside the wooden house.

Qin Feng looked at the spirit grass in the garden and felt comfortable.

90% of these spirit grasses are first-order spirit grasses, less than 10% are second-order spirit grasses, and there are two third-order spirit grasses.

The first-order spirit grass had already been fully extracted by him.

As for tier 2 and tier 3 spirit grass, he didn't have time to extract it, so he temporarily planted it in this space without losing it.

"Master, are you leaving?"

Behind Qin Feng, Qi Yue's voice sounded.

The little girl's tone was a little reluctant.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Well, the contribution points have earned enough, it is time to deal with the teleportation array. This is also a matter that everyone is very concerned about."

Qiyue also said: "Yes, the thirteen villages of Longqian have not yet teleported, they are all in a hurry! It is really that the resources of their villages are too poor, the upgrade speed is relatively slow, and there are still more than 100 people stuck in it. Level 7."

Qin Feng frowned: "I'm still stuck at level 7 at this time, so it's a bit dangerous. It seems that I have to speed up the progress. However, the fifth-order bones in my hand are only enough to build seven teleportation formations."

"Yue'er, it's the seven villages that have been slow to upgrade. I'll open their teleportation array first."

"Master, it's Long Qian, Long Fei, Long Teng..."

At the moment, Qiyue reported the names of seven villages like a family treasure.

The little girl knows the progress of the whole village like the back of her hand.

She is Qin Feng's eyes and ears.

With her assistance, Qin Feng manages Longyuan Village with ease.

"Yue'er has done a good job, then open the teleportation formations of these seven villages first."

Qin Feng casually applauded.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The little girl looked happy: "Master, this is what Yue'er should do. By the way, Master, I have collected fifteen copies of the other materials for the teleportation array that you want, which is enough for you to build fifteen teleportation arrays in the future."

"And oh, during this time, I changed to another golden treasure chest, all in this storage ring."

Qin Feng took the storage ring and took a look. It was neat and tidy, with fifteen materials and a gold treasure chest.

He was in a good mood and praised the little girl for her work.

"Well done! Yue'er, you can help me collect two more materials for building the 'Guardian Altar'."

Qin Feng owns the land deed card of the Cangtu Ministry.

In the future, he will inevitably occupy the Cangtu Ministry, so he will have to build a guardian altar.

There is also the title deed card of Tayue Town, which can also be obtained after completing the task at the bottom of the lake, which also requires a guardian altar.

For this, he has to prepare in advance.

"Okay! I'll do it in a while!"

The little girl complied obediently.

"By the way, there are also these, you also take them to deal with."

Qin Feng handed over another storage ring.

Qiyue took a look and was surprised.

"Wow! There are so many Tier 3 and Tier 4 equipment, there are nine items of Tier 4 equipment alone! Master, where did you get so much equipment?"

The little girl was amazed, her eyes were full of little stars.

There are dozens of third-order equipment and nine fourth-order equipment in the storage ring, which really made her excited.

0

The master really made a fortune this time!

Seeing Qi Yue's excited look, Qin Feng smiled and said nothing.

Those were obtained by those who killed the Cang clan.

And some equipment fished out from the bottom of the lake, after being extracted by him, became Tier 3 and Tier 4.

All in all, the gains are indeed enormous!

"Master, have you discovered a big treasure?"

The little girl looked at Qin Feng with joy, her little face was full of curiosity.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I didn't find any treasure, just killed a few prefecture-level guardians."

Qi Yue was surprised: "Guardian? They appeared so soon!"

Qin Feng's heart moved: "Yue'er, do you know about the guardian?"

The little girl nodded slightly: "I only know a little bit. My grandfather said that every time the challenger's novice assessment is over, the main task he faces is to compete with the guardian forces for control of this area."

0

"I heard that this battle is extremely important. It is related to the life and death of the two forces. Only the victorious side is qualified to participate in the battle for hegemony in the Blue Star Realm!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Sure enough, the next step is the battle of the territory and the battle of resources.

That deed card will be very important!

He was lucky and had already obtained a title deed card in advance.

For the same reason, he will also become the primary target of the guardian forces in the future.

Because of killing him, you can get the land deed card of Longyuan Village.

Therefore, he must continue to become stronger, and it is possible for him to have the last laugh.

"Master, you have killed so many guardians this time, if you reveal your whereabouts. The number of guardians is far less than that of challengers, but they have a deep background, and there are many masters in them. They will definitely not give up. You have to be on guard."

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Qi Yue said again: "Also, you have to be careful when you go to Tongtian Lake in the future, that place should have become their primary target."

Qin Feng nodded: "I really have to be alert! It seems that I have to speed up the time and complete the task at the bottom of the lake."