Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

As long as he completes the task at the bottom of the lake, he can get the title deed card of Moon Treading Town.

In this way, he can control the teleportation formation in Tayue Town and cut off the connection between the guardian forces and the teleportation formation.

At that time, those guys who want to come to Tongtian Lake will not be able to sit in the teleportation formation, and they can only hurry on their way honestly.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He has to hurry to build a teleportation array to prepare for tonight's mission.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng ordered Qiyue some trivial matters and left the zero-degree space.

Chapter 203 The nine armies are monstrous!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng's figure appeared in Wanxiang Square.

Not long ago, he exchanged another hundred space stones and a space upgrade permission card.

That permission card is worth 30,000 contribution points. At present, it can be said that few people in the world can exchange it.

Not long ago, Qin Feng earned more than 210,000 contribution points, and there was no pressure to buy it.

In addition, he also purchased some other resources from the temple mall, such as the strategic resource Huo Liuli.

After a while, he spent 100,000 contribution points, and he still had more than 110,000 contribution points left, and he was still very rich.

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing on the Wanxiang Teleportation Array and is choosing to go to the village.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: The number of level 4 novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 20, which is the standard required to upgrade to level 4 village. 】

what!

Another **** condition for level 4 villages has been completed!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

The brothers of Longyuan Village are so powerful!

In this way, Longyuan Village is only two conditions away from being upgraded to a level 4 village.

One is the number of level 2 wooden houses, which needs to reach 500, currently 374.

Another is the number of public buildings, which needs to reach 10, and there are currently only 6.

"It seems that I have to speed up! The teleportation array is also a public building. As long as I build four, the standard of ten public buildings will be met."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng activated the big formation and disappeared into the big formation...

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was excited.

"Haha! Everyone, another hard-core condition has been completed, and our Longyuan Village is not far from a level 4 village."

"Yeah! We will definitely get a big reward for upgrading to a level 4 village this time, right?"

"Of course! For a level 3 village, each of us will get 400 attribute rewards. This level 4 village should be doubled again, and it's 800 attribute rewards."

"My God! 800 points! I can't even imagine it!"

"Fuck~! With these 800 attribute rewards, the strength of all of us has soared, and we can be comparable to the human beings in the Middle Thousand World."

"Haha! Of course!"

"Everyone, having said that, our village's teleportation formation hasn't been built yet!"

"Yes! Building a teleportation array is a big deal. If the teleportation arrays in the major villages are not in place, it will be difficult for our forces to integrate as a whole!"

"Don't worry upstairs! The boss will definitely be able to handle the teleportation formation."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in Longqian Village... Village Chief Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the entire channel was instantly fried.

Earth-shattering cheers came from Longyuan Village.

"Haha! It's a teleportation formation! Our Longqian village finally has a teleportation formation!"

"God! I'm not dreaming, am I?"

"Brothers, don't say more, I want to take the teleportation array to Longyuan headquarters!"

"Haha! I'm going too!"

"I envy you so much! I wonder when our Longfei Village will have a teleportation formation?"

The words just fell, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in Longfei Village... Village Chief Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

Boom~!

In the channel, there was cheers again.

Before everyone stopped cheering, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in Longteng Village... Village Chief Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

The crowd cheers again!

In this way, every few minutes, Qin Feng will build a teleportation array.

The cheers of Longyuan Village came one after another.

Everyone is excited!

Qin Feng was also rewarded with 200 attribute points after another, and he was in a very comfortable mood...

At the same time, the Great World, the territory of the Cang Clan headquarters.

At this moment, in a conference hall, more than 30 people gathered around a stone table, sitting on both sides.

These thirty or so auras are extraordinary, all of them are earth-level powerhouses.

The wind is in it.

At the top of the discussion table, there was a man with a majestic expression and a breath like the sea.

The man's eyes were introverted, and he looked like he was in his thirties, but in fact he was over two hundred years old.

He is the patriarch of the Cang Clan - Xuan Qiong!

Its strength is extremely powerful, even the people of the Cang clan, no one knows how strong he is.

In short, even if the powerhouse of Sixth Layer is in front of him, it is still vulnerable.

And sitting on both sides of the conference table are the elders from the nine Cang clan and the headquarters, all of them are powerhouses at the prefecture level.

At this moment, the expressions of the powerhouses are very serious, and the atmosphere in the field is also very depressed.

The news brought back because of the breath of the wind is too shocking!

"Fengxi, are you sure that mysterious young man is a challenger?" Xuan Qiong asked in a deep voice.

Fengxi said respectfully, "Patriarch, the old man was too late to use his pupil technique to detect his details, but when he killed Yanxi, Yanming, Fengxuan, and Cangyuan, white light frequently flew into his body."

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar!

"White light enters the body, that's what happens when the challenger kills the guardian!"

"In the same way, when we kill challengers, white light will also enter the body. If the guardians kill each other, it will not gain any benefits, and there will be no white light entering the body."

"My God! Having said that, that mysterious young man is really a challenger!"

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the local powerhouses couldn't hold back.

It's only been a few days?

The novice assessment period has not yet ended, and such a formidable challenger has appeared.

how can that be?

They couldn't believe it at all.

Xuan Qiong couldn't believe it either.

He took a deep breath: "Wind, are you sure you read it right?"

Fengxi smiled wryly: "Patriarch, it's absolutely true! This old man never dares to lie, and there is no need to lie. To be honest, when I think about it now, I can't believe it! This novice assessment is not over yet, how could it be so powerful? Challenger?!"

As soon as these words fell, the powerhouses agreed.

"Yeah! It's only the fifth day of the novice assessment, how can such a powerful character appear?"

"I also don't think it's possible! Besides, Tiandao reminded me that the challenger who came this time is from the Blue Star Realm, a human being from the Xiaoqian World!"

"Yeah! The human background and talent of Xiaoqian World are extremely poor, how can it be so strong?"

"Don't say it's a human in the small world, even if it is a human in the big world, it is extremely difficult to produce such a powerful character within five days!"

"Wind, I think you must have read it wrong. I'm afraid that person is a master of a certain guardian force, not a challenger!"

"Yeah! The old man also thinks that the wind is wrong!"

The strong people continued to discuss, and after all, they couldn't believe that a small world could produce a strong person like Qin Feng.

Fengxi smiled bitterly: "Everyone, this old man guarantees his life, and the old man is not wrong! And everything the old man said is true, and I dare not exaggerate!"

As soon as these words fell, the powerhouses were once again shocked.

hiss~!

The wind has said so, and it is true.

Oh my God!

This world really has such a strong challenger!

The hall suddenly became quiet.

Even the air was a little frozen.

It's definitely not a good thing to have such a formidable challenger in such a short period of time!

Xuan Qiong also fell into contemplation.

After a while, a white-haired old man broke the silence.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Patriarch, according to the description of the wind, the old man infers that the young man definitely has the strength of the fifth layer of heaven, and even reached the peak of the fifth layer of heaven!"

As soon as these words fell, the strong men nodded slightly.

Only a strong man with such strength could kill four people in such a short period of time.

The white-haired old man added: "The patriarch, who can achieve that level of strength in such a short period of time, is definitely an earth-level powerhouse, and it is not a low-grade foundation building, not even a middle-grade foundation building, it is very likely a high-grade building. base."

As soon as these words fell, the powerhouses agreed.

"Old Bai's analysis is right! That person appeared in the Vientiane Temple, and it was for the Shengwu assessment. Presumably, after he passed the Shengwu assessment, he met Fengxi and others."

"That's right! This explains why he appeared in Tongtian Lake!"

"Yeah! According to that person's strength analysis, there is a high possibility of obtaining a high-grade foundation building. This can also explain that a challenger who has only been tested for five days for a novice can have the strength of a fifth-level heaven so quickly."

"High-grade foundation building! It represents both strength and potential. Those who can obtain high-grade foundation building are all geniuses!"

The strong men were amazed.

In the crowd, Fengxi frowned slightly.

At the moment, he was in self-doubt.

It seems that when he fought against Qin Feng, he did not sense that Qin Feng was using the power of heaven and earth!

Using the power of heaven and earth is the characteristic of the means of the earth-level powerhouse.

But seeing everyone's vows, he also felt that Qin Feng was a prefecture-level powerhouse.

At that time, Qin Feng must have used the power of heaven and earth to become so strong.

It's just that he didn't look closely.

Thinking about it this way, Feng Qi felt like that was the case.