Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

To be honest, he really couldn't accept that a person at the human level would have such a strong strength.

If the powerhouses present knew that Qin Feng was only in the human-level realm, I was afraid that he would collapse on the spot.

"Okay!"

At this time, Xuan Qiong opened his mouth.

The whole place fell silent immediately.

Xuan Qiong raised his head and glanced at the audience lightly.

"Everyone, what can be confirmed now is that the mysterious young man is a challenger, his strength is probably from the fifth layer to the peak of the fifth layer, and his potential is very huge."

"If we let this person continue to live, it will be a great hidden danger to our Cang Clan. We must remove it as soon as possible. Especially, this person's potential is very great, and we can't give him any more time to grow up."

As soon as these words fell, the strong men nodded slightly.

Feng Xi hurriedly asked: "Patriarch, what should we do next? The old man is worried that after today's battle, that person has fled far away, and it will not be easy to find him again."

Xuan Qiong 1.5 nodded slightly: "Indeed! However, since that person appeared near Tongtian Lake, we will start the search near Tongtian Lake, and we must find him."

"Maybe, we can still find the village forces behind him. If he can come out before the end of the novice assessment, it means that their village barrier has been broken, then we can attack."

With this reminder, the eyes of the powerhouses lit up and they all became excited.

"The patriarch is right! As long as we find that person's lair, even if we can't kill that person and kill their villagers, there will be great gains!"

"Yeah! According to the rules of heaven, killing challengers will be rewarded greatly!"

"Humph! Don't blame our revenge for those who dare to kill us!"

"Patriarch, what should we do? The old man can't wait now."

Xuan Qiong said: "All ministers, go back and organize staff immediately. Each department will send 300 people, and the headquarters will send 500 people. Tomorrow morning, an army of more than 3,000 people will be formed and will go to the vicinity of Tongtian Lake to start a carpet search."

"Yes! Patriarch!"

All the elders agreed.

It was at this moment that the white-haired old man in the crowd moved, as if he had thought of something, and hurriedly stepped forward to report.

"Patriarch, this old man remembers that near Tayue Town, there is another force that is cursed by Heaven and is about to die out. It seems to be called the Qi clan."

With this reminder, many strong players in the field remembered this matter.

Chapter 204 Aspire to the Holy Martial Hall!

With this reminder, many strong players in the field remembered this...

"Yeah! I also remembered that the Qi family lived in the wounded Qi forest. There were more than 10,000 people at first, but after thousands of years of curse, only a few hundred people are left."

"Haha! When the old man was young, he went on an adventure in the Sangqi Forest, and he also encountered that clan by chance. That clan is not worth mentioning!"

"That's right! Being able to be cursed by Heaven for thousands of years means that their ancestors failed in the last Ten Thousand World War, and they were ranked after one thousand."

"That's right! In the War of Ten Thousand Realms, only one thousand people are qualified to be guardians. Those who are outside one thousand and less than three thousand will suffer the thousand-year curse and get a chance to survive. The Qi family is one of them."

"So, this Qi clan is not worth mentioning. Brother Bai, why did you suddenly mention this clan?"

All the Cang clan powerhouses were proud in their voices.

In this killing world, strength is respected.

The tone of these people is full of pride, and they don't take the Qi family in their eyes at all.

The white-haired old man was named Bai Qiong. He was the Great Elder of the Cang Ri Department.

At this moment, he said: "Everyone, as far as the old man knows, these cursed losers have been given some kind of special mission by Heaven."

"Those missions are different, and they are all strange. There are even those who join the challengers and those who help the guardians. As for the specific missions, only they themselves know."

"The old man is thinking that the challenger has come, and the mission of the Qi clan should be activated. If we are near Tongtian Lake and can't find any trace of the young man, we might as well go to Huoqi Forest and find the Qi clan to have a look. Maybe there is something new. Find."

As soon as these words fell, the strong men nodded slightly.

Xuan Qiong also said: "Alright! Bai Qiong, when we take people to search Tongtian Lake tomorrow, you can bring a group of people to Shuangqi Forest to see."

Bai Qiong promised: "Yes, patriarch!"

Now, the meeting is over.

The nine chiefs left one after another.

Tomorrow will be the day when the Cang Clan will hold a big event...

At the same time, on the second floor of the Temple of Vientiane, on the Wanxiang Square.

Qin Feng stepped down from the universal teleportation array.

Just a minute ago, he built the teleportation array.

At this point, all the fifth-order bones in his hands were exhausted.

"There are still six teleportation formations to connect all my forces together."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

The teleportation array is very useful!

As long as there is a teleportation array, any stronghold is attacked, and other strongholds can send troops to rescue.

Today, eleven branch villages, including Sangqi, Longqi, and Longqian, have established teleportation formations, which can communicate with each other and with the headquarters.

As long as any of the strongholds are attacked, the rest of the strongholds can rush to the rescue.

If he arranges the remaining six branch villages into a teleportation array, then everything will be perfect.

It's a pity that he doesn't have the fifth-order bones in his hand, so he can't continue to build the teleportation array.

However, he knew that at the bottom of Tongtian Lake, in the eyes of the mysterious lake, there were two king beasts and a mysterious man.

As long as he kills the king beast and the mysterious man, he will not only be able to gather the fifth-order bones, but also get the title deed card of Tayue Town, and obtain his second site.

Thinking of this, his heart was hot, and he was full of expectations for the task at night.

In particular, he obtained the title deed card of Tayue Town, which can effectively resist the attack of the Cang clan.

Qin knew in his heart that the conflict between him and the Cang clan would soon erupt.

He had to get the title deed card of Tayue Town, otherwise, Huoqi Village and Longyuan Headquarters behind Huoqi Village would be driven straight in by the enemy.

"Tonight should be a great night!"

At this moment, Qin Feng is looking at the sky.

In the distance, the white clouds are boundless, and the setting sun has submerged in the sea of ​​clouds, leaving behind a radiant glow, reflecting the sea of ​​clouds in the sky.

High in the sky, the scenery in the evening is beautiful!

There is still more than an hour before sunset.

He can be used to handle some chores.

"By the way, I still have free attribute points to add."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng clicked on the property panel.

Seeing this, he smiled.

His attributes have accumulated to 2360 points.

800 points are earned from level 5 cabin upgrades.

1400 points are obtained from the construction of the teleportation array.

The remaining points are obtained by the strength of many subordinates breaking through 30 stars and 50 stars.

Seeing so many attribute points, Qin Feng was in a good mood and began to add some...

After a while, he added points to finish.

The whole person's momentum has become more and more vigorous, and the combat power has reached 547 stars.

good! good!

According to the strength of this world, his combat power is at the fifth level.

However, his real strength will be stronger than this!

As a result, he has many talents, and he is basically a B-rank or above.

Second, his equipment is also top-notch.

The two are superimposed, and his combat power is extremely violent, and he can't just look at the star.

Seeing the soaring combat power, Qin Feng was very happy.

His other chance mission is to obtain the title of Novice Supreme before the end of the Novice Assessment Period.

To get that title, you need to have more than 500 stars in combat power and more than 200 reputation points.

Today, his combat power is sufficient, and his reputation is only 165 points, which is still 35 points away.

Thinking of this, he felt a little headache.

Reputation is not easy to get!

Although killing king beasts and mutant beasts can gain prestige, king beasts and mutant beasts are not so easy to meet...

There are still two days before the end of the assessment, and he tried to get his reputation as soon as possible.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Hee hee! Master, I just received another golden treasure chest!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Little girl, how is the situation in the village now?"

Qiyue: "Master, I just happened to tell you this! After you built the seven teleportation arrays just now, the number of public buildings in our village has reached 13, which has reached the level 4 requirement."

"At present, there is only one last condition left in our village, which is 500 Grade 2 wooden houses. At present, the number of Grade 2 wooden houses is 417, and it is slow to rise."

Qin Feng wondered: "Why can't you go up?"

Qiyue: "Because of the lack of ice stones, everyone has used up the ice stones you donated, and it's still not enough! At present, Liu Xuan, Wu Yong, and Lei Jue have all gone to Qiushui Lake to collect ice stones."

"There are also some powerful villagers who went to Qiushui Lake in other villages to collect ice stones. In short, collecting ice stones has now become the most urgent thing in our village."

"But even so, the whole village will harvest about 3 ice stones in an hour. According to this progress, it will take at least a day or two for our village to reach 500 level 2 wooden houses. This greatly affects the progress of our village's upgrade. ."

Qin Feng suddenly said: "So it is! I really didn't expect that our village will have a day when there will be a shortage of ice stones. Strategic resources are strategic resources, and this lack will have a big impact!"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Qin Feng sighed for a while.

Now, there is also no ice stone in his hand.

Qiyue: "Master, you don't have to worry, as long as Liu Xuan and the others work hard, we can still be promoted to level 4 villages in a day."

Qin Feng: "You can't think like this! We need ice stones to upgrade to level 4 villages. When we upgrade to level 5 villages, we still need ice stones. For the long-term development of the villages, we need to find new ice stone mines. ."

Qiyue: "Yes! Or the master is thoughtful. By the way, master, there is still an hour before it gets dark. Would you like to enter the zero-degree space for a rest?"

The little girl's tone was full of anticipation.

She likes sticking to Qin Feng very much, and always wants to spend more time with Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled: "It will be dark in another hour, and the Vientiane Temple will disappear. Before the Vientiane Temple disappears, I have to hurry up and do one thing."

Qi Yue was curious: "What's the matter?"

Qin Feng: "Go to the third floor of the Holy Martial Hall to see!"

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Hee hee! Master, Yue'er has wanted to visit for a long time! The third floor of the Holy Martial Hall is one of the most popular places in the Vientiane Temple."

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Yes! It is estimated that at this time, there are many players from Wanjie, all in that temple! I also want to inquire about what kind of standards can be obtained in order to obtain the foundation of the gods."

Qiyue admired: "Wow! Master, it turns out that your goal is to build a foundation with divine quality!"

Qin Feng smiled: "I just went to inquire about the information, not really participating in the assessment. After all, the information we have obtained from the Shengwu assessment is still limited, so it's better to go and see for yourself."

Qiyue: "Yes! Actually, all the information I heard about the Shengwu assessment was told by my grandfather. He also listened to what his ancestors said. After so many years of word of mouth, it is estimated that many of them are not accurate, so I should go there in person. It's better to see."

Qin Feng: "Exactly! Time is running out, I'll start now!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Boom~!