Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng instantly released the wings of the wind, soared into the sky, and flew straight to the Shengwu Temple at a height of 10,000 feet.

Chapter 205 The Stele of the Divine Runes

In just a moment, Qin Feng soared thousands of feet and came to the Holy Martial Hall.

The Holy Martial Hall was even bigger than the Wanxiang Hall and the Heavenly Secret Hall.

Qin Feng sees that he is yearning, and is about to enter it.

Aww~!

At this moment, with a wolf howl, a giant wolf with wings on its back and blue hair all over its body slaughtered from the edge of the temple.

This is the guardian spirit beast of the third heaven - the flying mad wolf!

Qin Feng didn't even look at it. With a wave of his hand, he released thousands of snow blades and strangled the Flying Mad Wolf into pieces.

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the void!

The corpse of the mad wolf disintegrated automatically, turned into starlight, and left a token.

[Successfully kills the 40-level Flying Crazy Wolf (mutation level), you get +50000 energy points. 】

[The first kill of the 40-level Flying Crazy Wolf (mutation level) is successful, you get +3 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 40-level Flying Crazy Wolf (mutant level) successfully, the pass order (Triple Heaven) is burst. 】

3 more reputation points.

As a result, his reputation accumulated to 168 points.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, picked up the pass, and continued to fly to the temple square in front.

After a while, he flew down on the square and put away the wings of the wind.

I saw that in the center of the square, like Tianji Square, there was also a huge monument with the word 'Saint Wu' written on it, and it was very imposing.

At the end of that square, is the entrance to the Shrine of Martial Arts.

Qin Feng strode towards the entrance light door.

It didn't take long for him to pass through the door of light and enter the hallway of the temple.

That pass (Triple Heaven) took effect automatically, and it merged into his body, and he gained 5 more reputation.

So far, his reputation has reached 173 points.

The continuous improvement of prestige made him feel great.

At this moment, he was standing in the hallway of the temple, looking up.

There are still white jade walls on both sides of the corridor, as high as a thousand feet, engraved with various animal patterns, and the weather is extraordinary.

"Finally entered the Holy Martial Hall!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart.

Entering this hall, he was inexplicably nervous.

Because this hall is very important to human-level powerhouses, it is a watershed between human-level and earth-level realms, and no human-level powerhouse dares to ignore it.

"It's time to take Yue'er to meet him..."

Qin Feng murmured in his heart for a while, and waved his hand at will.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A white light flashed in front of him, and Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Villager Qiyue has entered the third hall of Vientiane - Shengwu Hall, becoming the second person to enter the hall in District 1, and has received a +5 reputation reward. 】

"Hee hee! I got 5 reputation again! Master, is this still the Holy Martial Hall?"

The little girl looked around excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled: "let's go!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Qin Feng walked towards the main hall of the main hall.

Qiyue obediently followed behind him...

Soon, they reached the end of the corridor and entered an incomparably grand hall.

The moment he stepped into the hall, there was a reminder from Tiandao that it was forbidden to kill each other.

In the next second, he was startled by the sight in front of him.

I saw that the hall was very lively, there were more than 100 people, men, women and children.

You must know that when he entered the Tianji Hall and Wanxiang Hall in the morning, he only encountered a dozen or so.

It was only in the evening, and the number of people had increased by more than tenfold.

When he looked more closely, he found that most of those people were from the Great Thousand World, and a few were from the Middle Thousand World.

As for the people from Xiaoqian World, there is not a single one.

It can be seen that the human beings in the small thousand world are indeed far inferior to the large thousand world and the middle thousand world.

"Hey! Someone is here again!"

"Two here!"

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, the audience was shocked, and all the powerhouses looked over.

"Hey! That man actually came from Xiaoqian World."

"Haha! Finally, a human from a small world has arrived."

"Yeah! It's not bad that a small thousand human beings can break into the Holy Martial Hall at this time."

The powerhouses soon discovered Qin Feng's roots.

As for Qiyue behind Qin Feng, he was automatically ignored.

Because the information displayed by Qiyue came from Zhongqian World.

At this time, it is not uncommon for Zhongqian human beings to appear in the Holy Martial Hall.

It is really rare for Xiaoqian human beings to appear here.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng became the focus of the audience.

However, Qin Feng also heard it.

It's not bad for these guys to praise him, but the tone of voice is high, as if a senior is commenting on a junior,

In the eyes of these guys, it seems that they are born a notch higher than Qin Feng.

This is the arrogance of the Great Thousand Humans and the Middle Thousand Humans!

Especially those big thousand strong people are particularly proud, looking at Qin Feng one by one, looking down, full of coldness.

"Hey! Here he is!"

"This guy is here too!"

But at this moment, the crowd sounded two surprises.

Qin Feng followed the sound and saw two acquaintances.

One is Jiufeng who once bought his space stone.

The other is the floating house that has some friction with him.

As soon as Jiufeng saw Qin Feng, her beautiful eyes lit up, and she walked forward with a smile.

Fucuo curled his lips, showing disdain.

He was very upset with Qin Feng.

Last time, Qin Feng didn't give him face in public, so he couldn't step down.

Of course, Qin Feng really didn't take him seriously.

"Brother Qin Feng, why are you here?"

At this moment, Jiufeng walked over with a smile.

She was already beautiful, and that smile made her even more charming and amazing.

The people around were surprised.

Among this group of people, Jiufeng was considered the strongest.

Everyone present was in awe of her.

Unexpectedly, she actually met the young people in this small world, and her tone was very polite.

This is so strange!

The strong people are puzzled!

"Miss Jiufeng, what a coincidence!"

Qin Feng also greeted politely.

Qiyue on the side pouted, and looked at Jiufeng with some alertness.

She always felt that this woman had some intentions to seduce her master, which made her very unhappy and a little worried.

"Brother Qin Feng, are you here to participate in the Shengwu assessment?"

Jiufeng asked with a smile.

Qin Feng shook his head: "I just came to have a look and want to know about the assessment."

Jiufeng nodded slightly: "The Shengwu assessment is the most important thing for me, and we really need to understand it first. In fact, most of the people here are here to understand the situation, and few really want to participate in the assessment. "

"Brother Qin Feng, if you want to know the status of the assessment, you can look at the inscriptions, which have detailed introductions about the assessment..."

Hearing this, Qin Feng looked around and found that there were six divine monuments above the hall.

The **** monument in the center is very huge, with a height of ten feet. It is covered with various **** patterns, and many people are watching.

The other five steles are only zhang xu high, and there is a door of light next to the steles.

With Jiufeng's introduction, Qin Feng learned that the **** pattern on the central Great God Monument was a specific introduction to the Shengwu assessment.

The other five small **** monuments and the gate of light lead to the five examination rooms.

From left to right, they represent the five major tests: low-grade foundation building, middle-grade foundation building, high-grade foundation building, extreme-grade foundation building, and divine-grade foundation building

After listening to Jiufeng's brief introduction, after Qin Feng thanked him, he took Qiyue to the central monument and watched it carefully.

When he first glanced at it, he intuited that the monument was full of divine marks, and nothing could be seen.

But when he focused his thoughts on the stele, the glyphs on the stele were automatically transformed into the familiar Long Guowen, which appeared in his mind.

This astonishing scene made him marvel at how extraordinary the means of heaven are.

A stele of God can actually allow people from all realms to understand the content recorded on it.

When he understood this, he was in a good mood, and he couldn't wait to read it now.

Chapter 206 Qualification test, the focus of the audience!

After a quarter of an hour, Qin Feng read the content on the tablet and couldn't help but ponder.

At this moment, Qi Yue's exclamation sounded in his ears.

The little girl turned on the voice communication and chatted privately in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, this holy martial arts assessment is very difficult! It turns out that not everyone can become a prefecture-level powerhouse!"

Qin Feng: "Yes! Before level 40, if you can't even pass the low-level foundation building test, you will forever lose the opportunity to advance to the prefecture level, and your level will always be stuck at level 40, and you can't upgrade any more, which means your cultivation is over. "

Qiyue: "Yes, this is a bit like the curse of my Qi clan before! In fact, this is also a tragedy. According to the introduction on this monument, only 10% of the people who can become prefecture-level powerhouses are at most. ."

"The rest will be unable to pass the assessment due to lack of strength and talent. In the end, they will be stuck in the human-level realm forever, until they die of old age. After all, the human-level realm belongs to mortals, and their lifespan is only a hundred years."