Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Speaking of this, the little girl sighed.

Qin Feng also sighed: "Yeah! The difficulty of this holy martial arts assessment is destined that most people will not be able to become prefecture-level powerhouses. Having said that, if they can become prefecture-level powerhouses, there are many benefits."

"Not only can you control the power of heaven and earth, and fly in the sky, but your lifespan will increase to about 300 years old. According to such an increase in lifespan, can a sky-level powerhouse live a thousand years?"

Qiyue: "Master, you are so right. My grandfather said that a heaven-level powerhouse can live to a thousand years or more, which is very scary. If you meet a heaven-level powerhouse in the future, maybe he will participate. Yes, the last World War is over."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"By the way, my grandfather also said that there are more powerful realms above the heaven level. Their lifespan is generally three or five thousand years old, and they have participated in at least two or three thousand world wars."

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Suddenly, his heart moved: "Little girl, you said that those people participated in the War of Ten Thousand Realms two or three times? Could it be that the winner of the previous session will also be involved in this War of Ten Thousand Realms?"

"Shouldn't it be the losers of the previous session that would join in and compete with this current challenger?"

Qiyue: "It's not just that! The winners of the previous session will also join in at the right time, and the winners of the upper and upper realms will also join in, and even the supreme realms of the gods, demons, and heavens will join in. !"

"The arrangement of the Tao of Heaven is strange and unpredictable. No one knows what it is going to do. It seems to be looking for an extremely powerful candidate in the heavens and the world to cultivate well."

"For this reason, the major gods, even the creation gods, and the supreme saints will be used as touchstones by it!"

hiss~!

Hearing this, Qin Feng gasped.

He still underestimated the pattern of Heaven! 643

According to such a layout, let alone earth-level powerhouses, even heaven-level powerhouses are ants among ants, not worth mentioning at all!

Qin Feng sighed for a while and didn't dare to think about it again.

It's all too far away!

He still does his best to do everything in front of him, so that he can make himself stronger step by step, so that he will not be eliminated by heaven.

The avenue is ruthless!

Even the gods and gods are no exception.

He is as small as him, if he doesn't work hard, he is like sinking into the ocean and falling into the ocean of Wang Yang, and he won't be able to cause a ripple!

Qin Feng: "In this way, even if you become an earth-level powerhouse, you are still very small in this world!

Qiyue: "That's right! At least one has to become a heaven-level powerhouse with a lifespan of over a thousand in order to be considered truly eye-opening and hope to compete with gods and demons."

"However, according to the hints on this monument, more than 90% of the earth-level powerhouses with low-grade foundation building are difficult to be promoted to heaven-level powerhouses."

Qin Feng nodded: "Yeah! The rank of foundation building symbolizes the level of development potential. The higher the rank of foundation building, the greater the possibility of being promoted to the heavenly rank in the future."

Qi Yue was worried: "Master, Yue'er is so worried about herself that she can't even build a low-level foundation. After all, less than 10% of people can be promoted to Earth-level powerhouses. As for becoming a heaven-level powerhouse, Yueer doesn't even dare to think about it. ."

As soon as these words fell, there was a commotion in the field.

I saw a strong man in the Great Thousand World, after reading the content on the **** tablet, he confidently walked towards the low-grade foundation-building examination light gate.

Entering the gate of light means entering the examination room of the lower-rank foundation building.

His move immediately caught everyone's attention.

"Look! Finally someone can't help it, and it's time to test whether they are qualified for the assessment."

"Yeah! It's getting dark, and the temple will be closed. If we don't test, we'll have to wait until tomorrow. In fact, I've wanted to test it for a long time, but I just don't want to be the first bird."

"Haha! You think the same as me!"

"Speaking of which, do you think this person has the qualifications for assessment?"

"This guy is a strong man from the Great Thousand World. I think he will definitely get the qualification for the assessment."

"My friend, it's hard to say! According to the reminder on the **** tablet, less than 10% of the people who can pass the low-grade foundation building assessment should not be easy to get the qualifications for the assessment, right?"

"Cut! It's less than 10%, that's because the humans in Xiaoqian World and Middle Thousand World have lowered the entire probability. Especially the humans in Xiaoqian World, it is estimated that 99% of them will not be able to become prefecture-level powerhouses."

"This person is a powerhouse in the Great Thousand World. Is it so difficult to win an assessment qualification? Moreover, what he wants to take is a low-grade foundation building assessment qualification, which is the easiest to obtain among all assessment qualifications."

At this moment, everyone was talking.

Qin Feng and Qiyue also looked at the man curiously.

It was a majestic bald man with a battle axe behind him, his eyes were sharp and his face was confident.

As a big thousand strong, he has an innate sense of superiority.

For a small low-grade foundation building, he actually doesn't look down on it.

However, testing to see if he has an assessment qualification will not affect his foundation building assessment.

When he has the low-grade foundation building assessment qualification, he will test whether he has the middle-grade assessment qualification.

The bald man thought confidently, and unknowingly walked to the entrance of the low-grade assessment.

At this moment, everyone in the audience looked at him.

At this time, the bald man did not step into the gate of light, but looked at the **** monument beside the gate of light.

He has not yet obtained the qualification for the examination, so he cannot enter the examination room.

To enter the examination, you need to verify the qualifications first.

And the **** monument next to the gate of light is used to test the qualifications.

Thinking of this, the man broke his finger and blood clotted, and with a flick of his index finger, a drop of blood essence fell on the stele.

Om~!

As soon as the blood essence fell, the tablet was automatically sucked dry, and then a faint aura was emitted.

Everyone's eyes widened involuntarily, and they watched silently.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The vibration of the stele was getting stronger and stronger, as if it was speeding up the assessment of the man's aptitude.

The man had a confident smile on his face.

He is confident that the assessment of this low-grade qualification can still be easily obtained.

At this moment, a dazzling golden light lit up on the tablet, and four golden characters appeared on it—[Insufficient qualifications]

Boom~!

The man was shocked, and the smile on his face froze.

There was an uproar in the audience!

"My God! This person is a strong man in the Great Thousand World. He didn't have the qualifications to enter the low-level foundation examination room!"

"This qualification review is so difficult!"

"Hey~! It seems that we all underestimated this holy martial arts assessment!"

"Yeah! No wonder the tablet reminds me that only 10% of people can be promoted to Earth-level powerhouses. It seems that if you can enter this Holy Martial Hall, you may not be able to obtain the qualifications for the assessment!"

The strong men sighed.

Qiyue was also amazed.

At the same time, she also had a layer of worry in her heart.

That bald man is a strong man in the world!

Even he didn't get the qualification to enter the low-level foundation examination room, can he get it in the future?

If you can't even get into the examination room, you will not talk about promotion to the prefecture-level realm in the future.

All in all, the whole audience was moved by it.

Among the crowd, only Qin Feng looked calm.

He has even killed an earth-level powerhouse, so he should be able to get the qualifications for the low-level foundation building assessment.

However, his goal is not low-grade, nor middle-grade, high-grade, or top-grade, but divine grade.

It was at this moment that the bald man complained in the field.

"This...how is this possible? I have reached 157 stars in combat power, and even killed the guarding spirit beast, the Flying Mad Wolf, how come you don't even have the qualifications to enter the low-level examination room?"

The man shook his head again and again.

He could not accept such a result.

At this moment, the voice of an old man sounded in the crowd.

"Friend, defeating the Flying Crazy Wolf only means that you are qualified to enter the temple, but it does not mean that you are qualified to participate in the assessment. And Tiandao's assessment of qualifications depends not only on combat power, but also on talent."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly.

"Yes! Combat strength is very important, and talent is also very important! In short, the combination of combat strength and talent can calculate the true strength.

"In this way, Tiandao's assessment of qualifications is based on comprehensive strength."

"Yeah! If a person only has 100 star combat power, if he has SSS-level talent, he can also pass the qualification review!"

"Makes sense!"

The crowd kept muttering.

The bald-headed man consciously disgraced and walked away angrily.

However, he is only a dozen levels, and he is still far from the 40-level assessment limit, so he can continue to struggle.

Just then, another voice sounded from the crowd.

"Come and try, old man!"

The person who spoke was the old man who spoke earlier.

As soon as he finished speaking, he strode up to the low-grade divine monument, and a drop of blood essence popped out.

Om~!

The monument lit up.

After a while, the golden light on the stele shined, and four golden characters appeared——【Qualification Pass】

Immediately afterwards, a golden light flew from the tablet and poured into the old man's body.

There was an uproar all around again!

"Wow! Brother, you passed the qualification review!"

"Tsk tsk! Brother is amazing! Amazing!"

The crowd complimented.

The old man stroked his beard and smiled, his eyes full of pride.

"Everyone has won the prize, and passing the qualifications only means that the old man has the qualifications to enter the examination room. Whether or not you can pass the examination is still a matter of two people's opinions."

"According to the introduction on the tablet, the pass rate for qualified people is only one-third."

The old man was humble.

Afterwards, he walked towards the mid-grade assessment **** tablet.

According to the rules of Heaven, after obtaining the assessment qualification, you can participate in the assessment at any time.

You don't need to take the assessment right away, and you can go to the assessment after you feel your strength is enough.

However, there are only three chances for each type of assessment.

If all of them fail, they will lose their qualifications permanently.

Soon, the old man came to the middle grade assessment **** tablet, and a drop of blood was thrown out.

As soon as the stele drained the blood essence, the big words [Insufficient Qualification] appeared immediately, and there was no time for intermediate calculations.

It shows that there is a huge difference in qualifications between the old and the mid-level assessment.

The old man smiled slightly, didn't care, and backed away.

He hasn't reached level 20 yet, there is still a lot of time before the limit of level 40, and he can continue to struggle...

The appearance of the old man and the bald man to try, aroused the enthusiasm of the audience.

"Everyone, time is running out, it will be dark in a while, and the temple will disappear. Let's hurry up and test it!"

"That's right! Let's test it!"