Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Since you are here, you are here! Of course you have to test your qualifications!"

"Haha! I will come first!"

"I'm coming too!"

At the moment, everyone was enthusiastic and went to test their qualifications.

After a while, next to the low-grade **** monument, there was one after another aura.

There is also an occasional flash of light next to the mid-grade **** tablet.

In the blink of an eye, more than half an hour passed.

The whole audience basically completed the test, and even Qiyue took the test out of curiosity, but of course she failed.

In short, after the whole field test, the qualified talents reached half.

Among them, there are only two people with mid-level qualifications, namely Jiufeng and Fucuo.

As for the top grade assessment qualifications, there is no one left.

At this moment, the floating house was surrounded by all the strong people and accepted everyone's compliments.

His face was full of smugness, a look of smugness.

"Tsk tsk! The boss of the floating house is really amazing! Now that he is only level 18, he has already obtained the qualification for the assessment of mid-level foundation building."

"Yeah! The old man is also level 18, but the old man has only obtained the qualifications for the low-grade assessment."

"Hey! I'm even worse, I didn't even get the low-quality qualifications."

"Boss Floating House, when are you going to take the assessment?"

The crowd asked curiously.

Fucuo smiled: "I'm only level 18, and I'm still a long way from the limit of level 40. When my strength becomes stronger, I may be able to obtain the qualifications for the top-grade assessment. In this case, why rush to participate in the middle-grade assessment!"

"Makes sense!"

"It's still the big boss of the floating house who has a vision!"

Everyone is exaggerating.

Fucuo smiled.

He turned his head proudly and looked around, and soon saw Qin Feng in the corner.

Up to now, the whole audience has completed the assessment of qualifications, but Qin Feng, who is from Xiaoqian World, has not taken the test for a long time.

What the **** is this guy doing?

Why doesn't he take the test?

Fucuo muttered in his heart.

There is friction between him and Qin Feng, so he is very concerned about Qin Feng's every move.

Whether Qin Feng has ever tested it, he remembers it clearly.

This Qin Feng watched the play from the beginning to the end, and had no desire to test at all.

Floating house pondered.

For Qin Feng, his impression is that this guy is very lucky, and he has the chance to get the S-level task at the beginning.

The other one is especially rich, the kind that is so rich.

Suddenly, a light flashed in his mind.

He thought about why Qin Feng didn't go to the test,

Because Qin Feng was the only one from Xiaoqian World in the audience, he was embarrassed to test because he was afraid of losing face.

After all, some big thousand experts can't get the qualifications, let alone a small thousand experts.

However, Qin Feng didn't want to test, he didn't want to let it go.

This guy was in Wanxiang Hall before, which made him lose face.

This time, he is going to be in the Holy Martial Hall to make this guy lose face.

Thinking of this, Fucuo looked at Qin Feng and spoke loudly.

"Qin Feng, come here, don't you want to test your qualifications?"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was startled and looked at Qin Feng.

right!

It seems that the whole audience has been tested, but Qin Feng from Xiaoqian World has not been tested yet!

At this moment, Qin Feng is watching everything silently.

He didn't expect that Fucuo called his name directly, making him the focus of the audience in an instant.

He couldn't help but look up, and saw the expression on Fucuo's face that was half-smile but not smiling, and his eyes were full of color.

"It seems that this guy did it on purpose!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He could see at a glance that Fucuo wanted him to make a fool of himself!

This guy doesn't think that he doesn't even have low-grade qualifications, right?

Qin Feng wanted to laugh in his heart.

He wanted to keep a low profile!

Therefore, he planned to go to the test silently after everyone left.

After all, the time is running out and these guys are leaving.

It's a pity that things backfired, and Fucuo actually wanted to provoke him on the spot.

That being the case, he didn't have much to pay attention to.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled charmingly, and was about to go forward to test

Chapter 207 Terrorist Qualification, shocking the audience!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled charmingly, and was about to go forward to test...

It was at this moment that there were some murmurs in the crowd.

"Yes! It seems that Qin Feng has never been tested!"

"So many people, how do you know~ that he didn't test?"

"Haha! He is the only one in the audience from Xiaoqian World, it's hard not to attract people's attention."

"So it is! Strange, why does this guy keep watching-, not to test?"

"Is there any need to ask this? Even the big thousand might not pass the qualification review. He is a human from the small thousand world, and it is estimated that he is hanging."

"That's right! I looked at the situation in the end, and the pass rate of the big thousand is about 50%, and the pass rate of the middle thousand world is only 10%, and only one out of ten people can pass. As for the small thousand world, hehe !"

"As far as I can see, this kid should be self-aware. Knowing that he can't pass, he doesn't want to be tested in public, so as not to be embarrassed."

The crowd was talking.

Those in the top thousand were silent.

The big thousand experts are commenting on their own right, and their voices all reveal the meaning of superiority, as if they were born to be superior.

In their view, Qin Feng's unexpected results are similar.

Some guys even hinted that Qin Feng was afraid of losing face, so he didn't dare to test.

Those words fell in Qiyue's ears, and the little girl felt very harsh, and she was so angry that she couldn't fight.

She can accept that others look down on her, but she cannot accept that others look down on her master.

"Master, these guys from the Great Thousand World are so annoying!"

The little girl's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ears.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't worry! I'll take a test!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked to the test monument in front.

When he moved, the audience was moved.

"Hey! This guy is actually dispatched!"

"Haha! With so many people watching, he is embarrassed to admit it!"

"That's true! However, with the strength of his little thousand humans, 99% of them will not be able to pass the low-quality qualification examination."

"I think so!"

"Don't say so much, let's take a look at it slowly!"

At the moment, everyone is watching Qin Feng silently.

The top thousand of them remained silent, and there were not many of them.

Those big thousand strong people seemed to be watching a play, each with a relaxed look.

In the crowd, the floating house was a little surprised.

He didn't expect that Qin Feng was so straightforward. He said the test was just the test, and he didn't shirk at all.

Is it possible that this kid can really pass the low-grade qualification review?

Fucuo muttered in his heart.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

But then, he shook his head slightly, thinking it was unlikely.

It is currently the fifth day of the novice assessment, and it is possible for a person to have a low-level assessment qualification in such a short period of time, even if many Daqian experts can't do it.

Among the more than ten thousand strong players in the field, only one person passed the low-grade qualification review.

From this, it can be seen that the probability of passing the small thousand strong is extremely low, I am afraid that it is not one in a hundred.

Of course, this is not to say that Xiaoqian World cannot produce Earth-level powerhouses, but it is more difficult and time-consuming to produce Earth-level powerhouses in Xiaoqian World.

Maybe a month, months, or even years, but definitely not within five days.

Fucuo can't believe it, Qin Feng, a human in the small thousand world, can reach the same height as the big thousand in five days.

Thinking of this, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and he felt more and more that Qin Feng could not pass, and his eyes showed the look of watching a good show.

In the crowd, Jiufeng also looked at Qin Feng silently, with curiosity in his eyes.

In her eyes, Qin Feng, a powerhouse in the world, is not only extremely handsome, but also very mysterious.

If it is in their big world, she is willing to spend some time and means to bring Qin Feng under her command.

Thinking of this, she was full of expectations for Qin Feng.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the vicinity of the low-grade **** monument, and everyone's attention became more concentrated.

But just when everyone thought that Qin Feng was about to step forward to test, Qin Feng directly passed by the low-grade stele and walked towards the middle-grade stele behind.

The crowd was in an uproar!

"Hey! What does this kid mean?"

"No way? He's going to test mid-grade qualifications?!"

"What a joke! The mid-grade qualification review, only Miss Jiufeng and Fucuo boss passed the whole audience. This kid will challenge the mid-grade qualification. Is it a joke?"

"Yeah! Are the humans in Xiaoqian World so rampant now?"

The large thousand strong men kept muttering.

Many people showed disgust on their faces.

Qin Feng's behavior is too challenging for their superior mentality.

They didn't even dare to think about the mid-level qualification review, this little kid from the world went to test!

Who is this looking down on?

If Qin Feng passed the test, it would be a big slap in the face!