Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Even if they don't pass, it's too much to mess with their mentality, and it will make them very uncomfortable.

It is obvious that the vast majority of the big thousand experts have passed the mid-level audit. As a small human, shouldn't I consciously test the low-level audit?

What qualifications do you have to come to test the qualifications of the middle grade?

In the crowd, Fucuo was also a little stunned!

This kid came to challenge the mid-level qualifications directly?

Are you going to fight to the end with yourself!

It was only when he had this idea that Qin Feng walked to his side.

The mid-grade stele was behind him.

The corners of Fucuo's mouth twitched slightly, and he was about to see how Qin Feng measured the qualifications of the middle grade.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng still didn't stop, passed him by his side, and continued to walk in the direction of the high-grade stele.

There was an uproar again!

Fuck it~!

This little thousand people actually went straight to test the qualifications of the top grade.

The strong men were speechless!

They have been powerless to complain in their hearts.

It was the first time they had seen such an arrogant person.

What's even more funny is that this person is still from Xiaoqian World.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the high-grade stele.

He hesitated for a moment, then stopped, then broke his fingers and blood clotted.

Seeing this scene, the powerhouses were completely speechless.

"This kid really wants to test the qualifications of the top grade!"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Haha! It's just grandstanding!"

"Yeah! I'll just watch him perform!"

The crowd was full of disdain.

In the corner, Qi Yue was a little panicked when she saw this scene.

isn't it?

The owner actually started the test directly from the top-grade qualifications.

You must know that none of the people present can pass the high-grade assessment.

Even the strongest in the crowd, Jiufeng and Fucuo, didn't do it!

If the master fails, then...

Qi Yue was a little worried.

0

She was afraid that Qin Feng would fail and face a bad face.

It would be especially uncomfortable for her to see others laughing at her master.

At this moment, Qin Feng's blood coagulation was completed.

That dark red blood drop, with a hint of golden light, and the looming dragon power, is quite extraordinary.

Poof~!

Flick your index finger!

The blood beads flew up and fell to the test monument in front.

The whole body of the divine tablet was white jade, with thousands of divine patterns engraved on it, exuding the breath of ancient vicissitudes.

pat~!

With a soft sound, blood beads fell on the stele, and then bloomed like gorgeous plum blossoms.

When the powerhouses saw this scene, they all sneered.

I'm afraid that if this drop of blood goes down, there will be no response to the test tablet.

Om~!

Only when that thought came up, the tablet of the gods drained Qin Feng's blood at a speed visible to the naked eye, and gradually released aura.

The original white jade-like surface of the monument also had a faint blush.

Everyone was surprised, and their hearts couldn't help but hang up.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the light emitted by the monument became brighter and stronger, as if it was evaluating Qin Feng's aptitude at a high speed.

The whole hall trembled!

hum~~~!

Another roar!

A dazzling golden light lit up on the monument.

Everyone's eyes widened!

When the golden light dissipated, four golden characters appeared on the monument - [Qualification Passed]!

Boom~!

The audience was so shocked that their eyes were about to fall out.

OMG!

Passed!

This kid passed it!

how can that be? !

The powerhouses were completely dumbfounded.

"Wow! Passed! Passed! Master is amazing!"

Qiyue cheers erupted in the field!

The little girl jumped up happily.

The strong people are even more embarrassed.

This scene is tantamount to giving them a very loud slap in the face, and all of them have pain in their old faces.

In the crowd, Fucuo was even more embarrassed, and at the same time a strange feeling surged in his heart, and the eyes he looked at Qin Feng changed.

The shock Qin Feng brought him was stronger than others.

Because he has witnessed Qin Feng's extraordinaryness in the Tianji Hall and Wanxiang Hall with his own eyes.

At the moment, he couldn't help taking a deep breath, his expression became solemn, looking at Qin Feng, he didn't dare to despise it any longer.

At this moment, not only him, but all the powerful people present changed their eyes towards Qin Feng, with more respect.

But before everyone thought about it, Qin Feng also moved.

Looking at the information on the tablet, he breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that it was not lower than his estimate.

He really easily passed the top grade audit!

Om~!

At this moment, a golden light flew out from the tablet and poured into his body.

Heaven's Dao's reminder also sounded in his mind.

[Reminder: Congratulations on passing the top-grade qualification review. Before level 40, you have three chances to enter the examination room and participate in the top-grade foundation building assessment. 】

Qin Feng smiled charmingly.

High-grade foundation building is not his goal!

This test is just the bottom line.

With this in mind, he walked to the best test monument at the back.

The audience moved again!

Chapter 208 Fighting with God

Qi Yue was a little surprised to see Qin Feng continue to walk towards the top-grade stele.

The examination qualifications of the best foundation building!

Even if a super genius in the Great Thousand World reaches level 40, he may not necessarily pass the examination.

The master is level 18, can he pass the test?

Qiyue wasn't sure, but she was looking forward to it.

The surrounding powerhouses also watched in surprise.

However, this time, they didn't dare to complain, let alone ridicule, but the expressions in their eyes were full of suspicion.

They still don't believe it, Qin Feng can pass the Need Examination.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the top-grade stele, broke his fingers and blood clotted, and shot blood into the stele, all in one go.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Soon, the light of the monument continued to shine, becoming more and more dazzling, and finally lit up.

A dazzling golden light.

Everyone was staring at the monument, and they didn't even dare to breathe.

hum~~~!

There was another long sound of the stele, and the golden light dissipated.

On the stele, four golden characters appeared again—[Qualification Passed]!

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked, and their hearts were extremely shocked!

Oh my God!

Excellent qualifications!

Excellent qualifications!

It passed again!

At this moment, the hall was eerily silent, and a needle could be heard falling.

Everyone didn't dare to breathe, and looked at Qin Feng in shock, their eyes changed again, and there was more awe.

In this world full of killing, only the strong will be respected.

In the crowd, Fucuo looked complicated, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

On the other side, Jiufeng looked at Qin Feng's back, a bright brilliance in her beautiful eyes.

This Qin Feng is really unusual!

She admires handsome men.

But I appreciate more handsome and powerful men.

Such a good man like Qin Feng is really exciting!

With such a character, even if she was chased back, it would not be a bad idea.

Om~!