Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, a golden light flew out from the supreme **** tablet and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Reminder: Congratulations on passing the top-quality qualification review. Before level 40, you have three chances to enter the examination room and participate in the top-quality foundation building assessment. 】

"Hoo~! Passed!"

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

The ultimate foundation building was his lowest goal, and it was finally achieved.

At this time, the crowd exclaimed in amazement!

That was Qi Yue's astonishment.

She could no longer describe her feelings in words.

The shock that the master brought her was one wave stronger than another!

This exclamation broke the silence in the arena.

The powerhouses came to their senses, all of them looked complicated and sighed in their hearts.

This Qin Feng is really a monster!

Having said that, things have developed to such an extent that it is time to end it!

The crowd muttered in their hearts.

But just after this thought came, footsteps sounded in the hall.

Qin Feng walked to the divine monument again!

hiss~!

Everyone gasped!

My goodness!

Qin Feng is going to test the qualifications of the gods!

Everyone couldn't help holding their breath, and the hall was terribly quiet.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the divine monument, broke his fingers, and dripped blood into the monument.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The stele shines brightly again!

Incredibly bright!

Everyone's hearts hang high, as if their breathing is about to stop, and their hearts can't beat.

hum~~~!

There was a long beep, and the golden light dissipated!

On the stele, four big characters slowly appeared - [Insufficient qualifications].

Whoo~!

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

fine! fine!

This time, Qin Feng did not pass the review.

Otherwise, it would be terrifying!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In front of the monument, Qin Feng sighed.

"Sure enough, I didn't pass. It seems that I am still a little far from the qualifications of the gods!"

Qin Feng felt a little pity.

However, these are within his estimates.

He didn't feel sorry, but he was full of expectations for the future.

After all, he knew how to verify whether he had divine qualifications.

This will save him a lot of detours.

What's more, he has also gained something this time, at least he has obtained the assessment authority of the best foundation building.

"It's getting late, the temple is going to disappear, it's time to go back to Tongtian Lake."

Qin Feng murmured in his heart for a while, then turned and left.

There was still silence in the hall.

The powerhouses stared at him silently, their eyes filled with awe, and no one dared to speak.

Qin Feng didn't bother to pay attention to these people, and went directly to Qiyue's side.

"Owner!"

The little girl had stars in her eyes, and her eyes were full of admiration.

She has never felt more proud than she is today.

As if the master's strength is her strength.

The little girl has long regarded herself and Qin Feng as one.

"Girl, let's go!"

Qin Feng's tone was a little spoiled.

He could feel that Qiyue was dead set on him, and unknowingly, her relationship with this girl became more and more intimate.

"Um!"

Qiyue responded obediently.

At the moment, the two left.

Everyone silently looked at the backs of the two

Until the backs of Qin Feng and the two disappeared from everyone's sight, everyone sighed.

"Tsk tsk! Is this Qin Feng really a human from Xiaoqian World?"

"Yeah! I suspect that he is not a human from Xiaoqian World at all, but a descendant of the God Race left in the Human World."

"Yeah! How can a human being in the human world have such a terrifying aptitude? It's unimaginable! It's really unimaginable!"

The crowd was amazed.

"Everyone, do you think Qin Feng will be able to pass the divine product review in the future?"

"It's hard to say! As far as this old man knows, the divine quality assessment set up by Tiandao is for the gods and goddesses of the gods to test."

"As for the human world, whether it is Xiaoqian, Zhongqian, or the human beings in the Daqian world, I have never heard of anyone relying on the body of a mortal to obtain a divine grade to build a foundation."

"There have been so many World Wars, maybe one or two have already appeared."

"Maybe there is, but the old man doesn't know. However, as far as the old man knows, if you want to obtain the qualification of the gods, you must have a combat power of at least 700 stars!"

"Above 700 stars? My God! If you want to be at the human level, you have to reach a combat power of 700 stars or more. How is this possible?"

"Yeah! I don't think even those gods and goddesses can do it. After all, the human-level realm cannot use the power of heaven and earth!"

"So, the old man said that Qin Feng may not be able to obtain the qualifications of the gods, because it is too difficult!"

"Yeah! It's too difficult! Having said that, I hope that Qin Feng can compete with those gods and goddesses with a mortal body, and he also needs a **** to build a foundation."

As soon as these words fell, everyone fell silent for 4.5.

At this moment, everyone's mood is very complicated.

They are jealous of Qin Feng's aptitude, and hope that Qin Feng can defeat those gods and goddesses...

At the same time, in the corridor.

Qin Feng was also surprised.

He has six senses, and his hearing is astonishing.

The voices of those people were all heard by him.

"It turns out that if you want to pass the review of the gods, you need at least 700 stars of combat power. This is really difficult!"

Qin Feng sighed.

Fortunately, he was only level 18, and there was still some distance from the level 40 assessment limit.

As long as he works harder, he may be able to pass the examination of divine qualifications before level 40.

Of course, the sooner you pass this test, the better.

He also hopes that he can step into the prefecture-level realm as soon as possible.

But if the qualification review fails, he cannot participate in the Divine Grade Foundation Establishment Assessment.

It seems that you have to work hard.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also has a plan in his heart. ………………

Chapter 209 Territorial expansion is imperative!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng and the two left the Holy Martial Hall.

The sky outside was already dark.

It will be dark soon!

The fifth night of the novice assessment period is coming soon.

At this moment, in Shengwu Square.

Qiyue was still immersed in excitement.

"Master, you are amazing! You are only level 18, and you have obtained the qualifications for the top grade assessment!"

The little girl's tone was full of admiration.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

His goal is to build a foundation with divine grades.

"Master, when you reach almost level 40, your combat power will definitely reach more than 700 stars, and then you will be able to get the qualification for the divine grade assessment."

The little girl is full of confidence in Qin Feng.

By now, she also knew that in order to obtain divine qualifications, at least 700-star combat power was required.

Qin Feng sighed: "Upgrading is the most direct way to improve strength, but it is still too slow to reach 700 star power through upgrading. I can't wait that long, and some people and forces will not give me time."

Qi Yue was startled: "Master, what's wrong? Is there something big going to happen?"

The little girl could hear the worry in Qin Feng's tone.

Qin Fengyao looked at the direction of Tayue Town and nodded slightly.

"Yeah! Today at noon, I killed four guardians of the prefecture-level realm in a row, which will definitely stir up the entire Cang clan. They will definitely retaliate, and it will be a big report."

"If my expectations are not bad, they will come to the vicinity of Tongtian Lake early tomorrow morning and start a blanket search."

"What I'm worried about now is, how many people will they send? How many strong people? With the current strength of our Longyuan Village, can we deal with it?"

"If it can't be dealt with, the first to bear the brunt is the village of Sangqi closest to Tayue Town."

As soon as these words fell, Qi Yue panicked.

The village of Sangqi is the base camp of their clan, where can there be her grandfather, brother, and all the clansmen.

"Master, what should I do? I heard grandpa say that those guardian forces are different from us. They have not been cursed by the heavens, and their strength has remained very strong. Even some guardian forces hide heaven-level powerhouses!"

The little girl's face was full of worry.

Qin Feng sighed: "Yeah! The thing I'm most worried about now is the massive attack of the guardian forces. If it wasn't for the massive attack, if it was just against me, I could detour and contain it."

"If it was a massive attack, it would be very troublesome. I got some information from the storage rings of the strong Cang clan. Now the main level of the Cang clan's children is around level 20, and the combat power ranges from fifty stars to seventy stars. Stars vary, generally stronger than my Longyuan Village."

"Our villagers of Longyuan Village, if they meet the Cang clan's children, are basically no opponents!"

Qiyue frowned: "It is indeed! By the way, Master, if our Longyuan Village is upgraded to a level 4 village, then each villager can get 800 attribute rewards, and the strength will become a lot stronger, it should be We have the capital to fight against the Cang clan disciples."