Playvolume00:00/02:03
Truvid
fullScreen

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Upgrading the village to level 4 is really helpful. Unfortunately, our Longyuan Village is now facing a problem, that is, the shortage of ice stones. It will be a day later when the ice stones are collected. "

"I'm afraid the Cang Clan won't give us time, they will attack tomorrow..."

Qiyue was anxious: "What can I do? Master, if we can delay the Cang clan's attack for a day, that's fine. As long as we delay it for a day, our Longyuan Village will have a chance to rise to level 4."

Qin Feng pondered for a while: "Delay for a day? I have a way to delay the Cang clan's offensive for a day."

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Master, what can I do?"

Qin Feng looked in the direction of Tayue Town again.

"From the current point of view, the Cang clan can appear near Tongtian Lake so quickly through the teleportation array in Tayue Town. If they cut off their right to use the teleportation array, they will not be able to rush over quickly."

"From the information I have, I know that the closest stronghold of the Cang Clan to Tayue Town is the Cang Soil Department. If there is no teleportation formation, it would take almost a day to get from the Cang Soil Department to Tayue Town."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, I understand. What you mean is, go and destroy the teleportation formation in Tayue Town now, so that the people of the Cang clan can't sit in the teleportation formation."

Qin Feng shook his head: "Public buildings like the Teleportation Array, once built, will be blessed by Heaven and cannot be destroyed by external force."

Qi Yue was worried: "Master, what should I do to cut off the transmission connection between the Cang Clan and Tayue Town? There is no way, right?"

Qin Feng hurriedly said: "There is one way! That is to obtain the land deed card of Tayue Town and completely control the site of Tayue Town."

"In this way, I can control the right to use the teleportation formation in Tayue Town, making it impossible for the Cang people to use it. They want to come to Tongtian Lake, but they can only come over."

Qiyue suddenly said: "Master, I understand. Tonight's task at the bottom of the lake, isn't there a title deed card from Tayue Town as a reward! As long as you complete that task, you will be able to buy a day for Longyuan Village."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! This is my plan, so my task tonight can only succeed, not fail. Otherwise, the situation of Longyuan Village will be worrying!"

"Also, even if I succeed in the task tonight, I will buy Longyuan Village a day. With the current progress of Longyuan Village, it is hard to say whether it can be upgraded to level 4 in a day!"

Qiyue knew that what Qin Feng said was true, that the ice stone was really too difficult to get.

Even if you give Longyuan Village a day, you may not be able to meet the needs of the ice stone.

At this thought, Qi Yue felt a sense of urgency.

Immediately, she said: "Master, I will tell everyone about the crisis now, and let them speed up the collection of Froststones. I will try to upgrade Longyuan Village to level 4 in one day."

"That's fine too!"

Qin Feng thinks it makes sense. It is time to let all the villagers know the situation and prepare everyone in advance.

At the moment, with a wave of his hand, he took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

As soon as Qiyue entered the space, she quickly entered the chat channel and told the villagers about the current situation...

At the same time, above the square.

Qin Feng also packed up his mood and prepared to go down to Tongtian Lake to prepare for tonight's task.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your villager Chen Yiming's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

good!

Another rewarding reward is coming.

Qin Feng was slightly relieved.

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: It has been detected that you have received 1,000 villagers as rewards (30 stars) and have reached the upper limit of 30 stars. 】

[Reminder: From now on, if a villager's combat power exceeds 30 stars, you will no longer be able to get attribute feedback. 】

Qin Feng was stunned!

This information made him a little confused.

It turns out that there is a quota limit for the villagers' combat power to feed back! 190

1000 people is the limit!

In this way, in the future, if the villagers break the 30-star combat power, he will not get any benefits.

Thinking about it, if there is no limit on the number of people in this kind of feedback, those leaders of the forces do not need to work hard, which is against the will of heaven.

Although Qin Feng understood the reason, he was still a little depressed.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: The upper limit of the number of people feeding back is related to the number of sites. If you own 1 site, you can have 1,000 back-feeding places; if you own 2 sites, you can have 2,000 back-feeding places. And so on, there is no upper limit...]

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked.

It can be so!

Only then did he know that the advantage of having a large number of sites is actually in the back-feeding quota.

The design of the rules of the Tao of Heaven is really ingenious!

As a result, the competition for territory is imperative and very important.

Only when there are more sites, the more quotas for feedback will be obtained, and the strength of the power leaders will be stronger.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

All kinds of reasons are instructing him to get the land deed card of Tayue Town tonight.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, the Vientiane Temple suddenly roared continuously.

The entire temple trembled slightly, then blurred and gradually became transparent.

The night has finally come!

The sealing barrier of the Eye of the Lake Heart should also be opened.

In a blink of an eye, the Temple of Vientiane disappeared.

Boom~!

Qin Feng instantly unfolded the wings of the wind and flew towards the Tongtian Lake below.

He's about to start tonight's mission

Chapter 210 Surprise discovery! Inexhaustible treasure!

Before long, Qin Feng fell from the sky and entered the bottom of Tongtian Lake.

As soon as he entered the bottom of the lake, he rushed towards the Eye of the Heart of the Lake.

At the same moment, the chat channel was already boiling.

Qiyue has informed everyone about the situation in Longyuan Village.

This immediately made everyone uneasy.

Afterwards, the whole village was mobilized to collect Frozen Stones as long as they were able.

Everyone strives to upgrade Longyuan Village to level 4 after one day.

However, what everyone is more concerned about is whether Qin Feng's task tonight can be successfully completed.

That's the key to solving this crisis!

At the same time, Tongtian Lake, under the bottom of Qianzhang Lake.

The bottom of the lake at night was dark, and Qin Feng could vaguely see things within dozens of feet.

At this moment, he has reached the whirlpool in the middle of the lake.

I saw the water was rushing and roaring constantly.

The huge suction at the center of the vortex not only swallowed the endless lake water, but also everything that was close to it.

At this time, Qin Feng found that the white door of light in the center of the vortex was missing, and the seal really disappeared, and he was able to enter.

At the moment, he swam over quickly.

In just a moment, he reached the center of the whirlpool, and saw a huge black hole in front of him, and countless lakes were pouring into it.

With a thought, he summoned the 'Golden Spirit' into the Dark Night Sword.

For a while, the breath of the dark night sword rose sharply, and it reached the sixth-order weapon level in a blink of an eye.

After doing this, he got into the black hole ahead.

Boom~Long~Long!

The sky turned upside down for a while, as if being teleported.

After a while, he got his feet on the ground.

Qin Feng quickly looked around, and was surprised to find that there was no water around, but he was not in the water.

This place is like a huge valley. Looking around, it is dozens of miles in radius. There are white ores everywhere, much like a mineral.

Among those ores, there are fist-sized blue light spots dotted around them like stars.

It is precisely because of the existence of those blue light spots that the entire space is illuminated brightly, and everything is clearly visible.

"What a big space!"

Qin Feng sighed in his heart, and could not help but look up, and found that the sky above his head was full of lake water, and countless fish were swimming in the water.

In his heart, he seemed to have entered a strange space, and this space blocked the lake water.

By the way, what are these white ores?

Qin Feng looked at those white ores curiously.

[Baiyu Mine: Tier 0 resource, a deposit that breeds ice stones. 】

Breeding Froststone?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he stepped forward quickly to check it carefully.

When he saw it, he was surprised.

I saw that the white jade mine was dotted with ice stones one after another, exuding a faint blue starlight.

It turned out that the blue starlight he had seen before was emitted by the Frost Stone.

In this space, there are tracts of white jade mines, and the number of ice stones bred in them is currently close to one million.

What's even better is that the white jade ore can absorb water and vitality all the time, giving birth to ice stones.

Even if the ice stones here are dug up, it will continue to breed new ice stones.

This is a huge treasury of frozen stones!

Ha ha!

Get rich this time!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

What Longyuan Village lacks most at present is the Frost Stone.

Unexpectedly, he found an incomparably huge ice stone mine here.

If he can take this place as his own, then the problem of ice stone resources in Longyuan Village will be completely solved.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

It is also true that the ice stones are produced in the bottom of the lake deposits.

Where he is now is the space at the bottom of Tongtian Lake. After years of absorbing the water vapor from the bottom of the lake, he gave birth to white jade mines.

All of this is unique!

In other words, other lake bottoms cannot form such a space.

In this area, there is no lake that can be as huge as Tongtian Lake.

After being excited for a while, Qin Feng calmed down.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have stepped into the sealed land of the dark trial, which is extremely dangerous. 】