Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Dark Judgment?

What does it mean?

Qin Feng has a vague guess.

Thinking of this, he took a deep breath and continued to walk into the valley.

He was not in a hurry to collect ice stones.

The number of ice stones in this valley has reached more than one million, and the ore deposits are still giving birth to new ice stones all the time.

Even if he wanted to collect it, it would not be complete in a few years.

What's more, he came here to find the mysterious man and complete the second stage of the task.

When he finishes the task, it will not be too late to deal with those ice stones.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked deep into the valley.

This way, he clenched the handle of the knife tightly, not daring to be careless.

Heavenly Dao reminds that the danger here is not the wind.

A quarter of an hour later, in the depths of the valley, he saw a dilapidated temple.

The temple was as high as 100 zhang, almost connected to the lake in the air.

And at the entrance of the ruined hall, he finally saw a familiar guy.

It was a giant tortoise with sharp horns on its head and a body of several dozen feet long. It was the Turtle King of the Deep Lake who escaped last time.

This guy's tortoise shell is extremely hard, and even the Dark Night Sword can't break its defense.

At this moment, the turtle king also stared at Qin Feng coldly, his eyes were full of schadenfreude, and he could no longer see the last panic.

In its view, Qin Feng is dead this time.

Because this is its owner's territory.

With its master there, even the powerhouses of the fifth layer of heaven will suffer, not to mention the boy in front of him.

It has played against this human being, and it should be at the peak of the fourth layer of heaven, and it is not comparable to the fifth layer of heaven.

The Turtle King thought self-righteously.

It doesn't know that since it fought against Qin Feng, Qin Feng's strength has broken through again and again, and it is not comparable to the last time.

At the same moment, Qin Feng glanced at the turtle king lightly, and then looked to the other side.

On the other side, there was a giant beast lying down.

It was a giant crocodile with a length of thirty feet, a single horn, blood-red eyes, and a black body. His aura was stronger than that of the Turtle King.

[Ferocious Beast]: Deep Lake Crocodile King (King Class)

[Level]: Level 45

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Combat evaluation]: 360 stars

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Water (Class B), Profound Truth of Darkness (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The head of the three guardian king beasts of the mysterious man.

really!

This giant crocodile is the strongest of the three king beasts.

At the same time, the Crocodile King was also looking at Qin Feng with puzzled eyes.

It can be seen at a glance that Qin Feng is only an 18th-level human, and he is still in the human-level realm.

But it was this human who actually killed the level 39 shark king and drove away the level 40 turtle king.

Shark King and Turtle King are really trash!

See how it wiped out this human being!

roar~!

A low growl!

The crocodile king launched the power of heaven and earth.

Suddenly, in a radius of dozens of miles, countless water element powers poured into its body.

Its momentum skyrocketed all the way, and it reached 530 stars in a blink of an eye, actually entering the level of the fifth heaven.

roar~!

Seeing this, the turtle king also launched the power of heaven and earth.

As countless water elemental forces poured into the body, its combat power reached 450 stars in an instant.

The two king beasts entered a state of battle instantly, and a big battle was about to break out.

At this moment, a cold voice came from within the temple.

"Human, I've been waiting for you for a long time!"

As soon as these words fell, the two king beasts who were originally violent suddenly became quiet, and one by one meekly retreated to both sides of the temple gate.

At the same moment, a mysterious black-robed man came out of the temple

Chapter 211 Dark alienation, kill with one knife!

At the same moment, a mysterious black-robed man came out of the temple...

Qin Feng quickly looked at the man.

I saw that the man's whole body was shrouded in black mist, making it difficult to see his appearance clearly, but his breath was extremely strong, and his gestures gave people a feeling of swallowing mountains and rivers.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes flashed, and he activated the eye of insight.

[Evil Spirit]: Dark Alienator (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 35

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 400 stars

[Characteristics]: Control, evil.

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Talent]: Dark Law (A-level), Six Senses Awakening (A-level)

[Origin]: He used to be a dark messenger under the Judgment Lord. After that Judgment Lord fell, this dark messenger lost control, alienated his mind, and turned into an evil dark alienation.

It turned out that the black-robed man was called the Dark Alienator.

What surprised Qin Feng was that this alienated person was actually a middle-grade foundation building, and the title also reached the emperor level.

Therefore, its level is only 35, but its basic combat power is higher than that of the 45-level Crocodile King.

If he controls the power of heaven and earth, what level will his combat power skyrocket to?

It is certain that it is definitely much taller than the crocodile king.

In addition, he is a double A-level talent, and his comprehensive strength is even more terrifying.

It can be seen that this alienated person is not easy to deal with!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

The situation on the field seems to be unfavorable for him!

One 043 aliens with terrifying strength and two powerful earth-level king beasts, if they go together, can they handle it?

Qin Feng is not sure.

By the way, in the explanation of the origin of this alienated person, what does that judge mean?

Also, what about the dark messenger?

Qin Feng was full of doubts.

At the same time, the Alienator was also looking at Qin Feng.

"Hey! Human-level realm! Level 18! That's true!"

The alienator's tone revealed surprise.

Turtle King once told Qin Feng's information.

But he doesn't believe it!

He couldn't believe that a human-level powerhouse who was only level 18 could kill a 39-level earth-level shark king.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He once thought that it was the word of the Turtle King's rebuke.

Until this moment, he had some faith.

However, the human-level realm is only human-level after all, no matter how strong it is, it will not be strong.

Thinking of this, the Alienator looked relaxed.

Tonight, he will definitely avenge his subordinates!

"Human, the king of ghosts and ghosts under the deity, was also killed by you?"

The Alienator sneered softly.

Qin Feng did not speak.

Now, he already knows that this alienated person is the source of evil in a radius of hundreds of miles.

It not only controlled the three king beasts of Tongtian Lake, many alienated ghosts, but also controlled the dead souls of the entire Tayue Town, which can be described as extremely evil.

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: You have discovered the Dark Alienator, he is the source of all evil, destroy it and completely purify Tongtian Lake]

Sure enough!

Qin Feng clenched the handle of the knife.

Seeing that Qin Feng was silent, the Alienator became impatient.

"Go!"

As soon as the alienator waved his hand, the two king beasts immediately rushed towards Qin Feng.

Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, two monstrous winds rolled over at the same time.

Crocodile King's combat power is 530 stars, and Ghost is 450 stars.

When the two king beasts join forces, even the powerhouse of the fifth layer will be blown away.

This level 18 human kid!

This time is dead!

The alienated person's eyes were full of sneer.

In his opinion, a human at the talent-level realm does not need him to do it himself.

At this moment, the crocodile king had already killed Qin Feng, with the horns on his head, carrying the momentum of destroying the world and stabbing Qin Feng's chest.

"court death!"

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Qin Feng slashed at the horn of the Crocodile King, trying to block the blow.