Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, the turtle king arrived and rushed directly in front of the crocodile king, using the hard tortoise shell to resist Qin Feng's attack.

Suddenly, the attack of the crocodile king could not be stopped, and he continued to stab Qin Feng in the chest.

The Turtle King's eyes showed pride.

The two king beasts often cooperate together, one attack and one defense, and they are extremely tacit.

The Turtle King wanted to block Qin Feng's attack and let the Crocodile King's attack unimpeded.

Besides, it once used its hard tortoise shell to resist Qin Feng's attack.

It is confident that it can easily block it this time!

In the blink of an eye, the crocodile king's blow was approaching, and he was about to pierce Qin Feng's body.

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body was full of aura, and the rotating shield rushed out to meet the sharp horns of the Crocodile King.

When~!

A burst of chirping!

The rotating shield blocked the attack of the Crocodile King.

At the same time, Qin Feng's knife also slashed at the turtle shell of the turtle king.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split the Turtle King in half with one knife.

The Alienator and the Crocodile King were dumbfounded.

Obviously, they were all unexpected!

At this moment, Qin Feng's combat power is comparable to that in the daytime.

His growth rate is terrifying!

This was completely beyond the Turtle King's expectations. As a result, the Turtle King didn't even have a chance to struggle, so he was beheaded.

Speaking of which, it was the Turtle King who was courting death himself, and he dared to hit the knife directly!

Om~!

In the next second, a dazzling white light flew from the turtle corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the level 40 Deep Lake Turtle King (King level) successfully, you get +300000 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 40 Deep Lake Turtle King (king level), you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 40-level Deep Lake Turtle King (King-level) successfully, the golden treasure chest burst out. 】

[Killing the 40-level Deep Lake Turtle King (King-level) successfully, the quest item - King's Horn (Turtle) was released. 】…………

【Your level has been promoted to level 19! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

what!

It's been upgraded!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

With this upgrade, his momentum rose again, and his combat power also increased to 549 stars.

"Damn!"

The aliens are furious!

This **** human actually killed his guardian king beast in front of him.

He is going to smash this human to scum!

Boom~!

As soon as he thought about it, in a radius of 100 miles, the heavens and the earth shook, and countless energy from the heavens and the earth poured into his body frantically, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way...

Qin Feng was shocked to see it.

He has seen the powerhouses of low-level foundation building, who can only control the power of heaven and earth within a radius of dozens of miles.

This alienation person can actually control a radius of 100 miles. Could it be that the higher the foundation building rank, the more power to control heaven and earth?

Think so!

However, the situation is critical at this moment, and it is not the time to think wildly.

Whoo~!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

As soon as his mind moved, Qin Feng dodged and took the initiative to kill the Crocodile King, wanting to destroy another beast.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the Crocodile King and slashed down.

Swish~!

Baizhang Dao Qi rises into the sky!

Power to destroy the world!

The crocodile king's eyes were full of terror.

This knife, it can't resist!

In a panic, it was about to run away.

"stop!"

But at this moment, a shocking roar!

With a flash of black light, the Alienator arrived instantly.

Boom~!

He met Qin Feng's attack with one punch.

The punch slammed away, the sky and the earth cracked, and the momentum suddenly reached 600 stars, which was extremely terrifying.

Chapter 212 Psychic Integration! Shopping!

In the blink of an eye, swords and fists collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The shocking explosion exploded between Qin Feng and the alienator.

With the explosion as the center, the space within a radius of 100 meters shattered inch by inch, and countless rubble flew all over the sky.

In the next second, both of them were shocked and retreated back!

In this round, the two sides were evenly matched.

After a while, the two sides stood firm.

The alienated person looked at the knife marks on the glove, and his eyes were full of disbelief.

His combat power has reached 600 stars, which is obviously a lot higher than that of Qin Feng.

What exactly is going on?

Why is this kid at the talent level so terrifying!

He naturally didn't know that Qin Feng had both a talent for strength and a sword comparable to a sixth-order weapon, how could his attack power be weak!

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also surprised.

The basic combat power of the Alienator is 400 stars, and the power to control the world has reached 600 stars, a full 200 stars.

It can be seen that the power of heaven and earth that can be controlled by the mid-level foundation building is about 200 stars.

And the low-level foundation building, the power of heaven and earth controlled is about 100 stars.

By analogy, high-grade, top-grade, and god-grade build foundations, and the power of heaven and earth that can be manipulated is more and more terrifying.

Sure enough, once he became an earth-level powerhouse, it was like a fish leaping over a dragon's gate, and his strength would skyrocket greatly.

Even the worst low-level foundation building can skyrocket 100-star combat power.

This is one of the benefits of being a prefecture-level powerhouse.

It's a pity that he can't participate in the Holy Martial Exam yet.

Because his goal is to build a foundation with divine quality.

As for how much power of heaven and earth can be controlled by the god-grade foundation building, he is also full of curiosity.

Don't think so much, his first task is to kill the alienated person in front of him.

For now, it's a bit hard to kill!

In just one round, the two sides were tied.

And his task is time-limited, and if it is not completed for more than 24 hours, it will be judged to fail.

At the moment, more than a dozen hours have passed since the mission, and there are only seven or eight hours left for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

At the same moment, the Alienator stared at Qin Feng closely, feeling extremely annoyed.

He is a middle-rank foundation-building existence, and he was forced into a tie by a human level.

He couldn't accept such a result!

Swah~!

The figure of the alienated person flashed and rushed towards Qin Feng again.

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front and punched Qin Feng's face with another punch.

That monstrous fist power, split the sky and cracked the ground, with a harsh sonic boom.

Qin Feng was on one side, and while avoiding the punch, he slashed horizontally.

Kacha~!

Knife light flashed!

That knife directly split the alienator into two pieces.

Bang~!

But in the next second, the body of the alienated person turned into a black fog, which instantly gathered behind Qin Feng, and re-condensed into a human shape, and then punched Qin Feng's back.

It all happened in an instant, terribly fast!

Just when the alienator was about to hit Qin Feng's back with a punch, Xuantian Shield instantly came out of his body and met the punch.

When~!

A clear cry!

The rotating shield blocked the punch.

In this round, neither side still took advantage of anyone.

The Alienator was furious, and immediately launched a frantic attack.

Qin Feng also quickly confronted him.

The two sides fought together.