Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

All of a sudden, the field was shattered, the air was shattered, the gravel flew all over the sky, and the battle was extremely fierce!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

For a time, neither of the two sides could do anything about the other.

The Crocodile King on the side was stunned!

In such a battle, it is completely the two powerhouses of the sixth layer fighting, and it is not something that can interfere!

Having said that, if it hadn't seen it with its own eyes, it wouldn't have believed that a human at the human level could be on a par with its master.

However, the master has the dark atomization skill, which can ignore any physical attack.

This move alone is invincible.

As long as the time is long, the master will be able to overcome!

Crocodile King thought confidently in his heart.

But it was only when this idea came to mind that a change occurred in the field.

Bang~!

I saw that the alienated person turned into a black mist again, rolling away towards Qin Feng.

The overwhelming black fog swallowed Qin Feng in an instant.

Afterwards, the endless power of darkness poured out of the black mist, eroding away towards Qin Feng.

It turned out that the alienated person saw that he could not break Qin Feng's defense, so he atomized his body and launched a dark erosion on Qin Feng.

But in the next second, he was shocked to find that his dark erosion was ineffective.

This kid has also mastered the dark talent!

"Damn!"

The aliens cursed in their hearts.

He thought Qin Feng was a talent of strength, but he didn't expect to master the talent of darkness.

At the moment, aliens want to change their strategy.

Om~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's heart moved, and his whole body suddenly lit up with a dazzling light.

The light system talent is activated!

Light penetrates the darkness!

Countless beams penetrated from the black fog.

"Hey! Bright talent!"

In the black fog, the shock of the alienated person sounded.

The Crocodile King on the side was also surprised.

There are so many ways for this human being!

He actually mastered both light and dark talents at the same time.

But in the next second, in the black mist, there was a mocking sound of the alienated person.

"Little thief! Light and darkness are opposed to each other, you are right to use light to break the darkness! But can your C-level light talent defeat my A-level darkness talent? How stupid! Haha!"

The aliens laughed wildly.

The Crocodile King on the side also thought it was funny.

This human being is so insufferable!

But just when the Alienator and the Crocodile King were disdainful, Qin Feng's mind flashed, and he seemed to think of something.

In the next second, his mind moved, and dazzling thunder light erupted from his whole body.

噼~li~pa~la!

The electric light danced wildly, sweeping the black mist around him.

"Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!"

A roar came from the dark fog!

In the next second, the black mist quickly retracted and turned into a man again.

At this moment, his face was pale, and he looked at Qin Feng with horror.

Just a while ago, he was injured by the power of thunder and lightning, and his momentum dropped a lot.

The Crocodile King on the side was also dumbfounded.

It always thought that the master's dark atomization defense was invincible, but it was unexpectedly broken by the humans in front of him.

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

Everything is as he expected, breaking the power of darkness, in addition to light, the power of lightning is just as effective.

This is the same as dealing with ghosts!

He seems to have found a way to kill the alienated person.

Thinking of this, he dodged and took the initiative to kill the alien.

"Damn it! Crocodile King, psychic fusion!"

The Alienator's face changed slightly, and he quickly looked at the Crocodile King beside him.

As soon as the voice fell, the Alienator pinched a seal and launched a fifth-order combat skill - psychic integration!

At the same time, King Crocodile's whole body suddenly lit up with golden light, and his body gradually faded.

0

Afterwards, the Crocodile King turned into a large group of golden light, pouring into the body of the alienated person.

One person and one beast unite in an instant!

Alienator's momentum skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, it reached 700 star combat power, which was extremely terrifying.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, countless black scales automatically appeared on the surface of the alienated person, forming a set of mighty black armor.

Looking closely, those black scales are the scales of the Crocodile King.

Om~!

There was another clear sound, and the alienated person had another long spear in his hand, the whole body was red, and when he looked carefully, it looked like the sharp horns on the head of the crocodile king.

At this point, the psychic integration is complete!

The strength of the Alienator has skyrocketed, and it is extremely terrifying.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng came and slashed.

Boom~!

The Alienator raised his hand and shot away.

The combat power of seven hundred stars pierces through space, destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

In the blink of an eye, swords and guns collided!

When~!

A burst of chirping!

The sound waves shook all directions!

The next second, Qin Feng groaned, and was shocked by a shot and vomited blood and flew out.

700-star combat power!

The attack power is terrifying to the extreme!

0

Even if Qin Feng has mastered the talent of strength, he can't resist it.

"Haha! Little thief, die!"

The Alienator was ecstatic, and chased the past in a flash.

Bang~!

Qin Feng fell heavily to the ground, causing the ground to vibrate.

Then, he got up quickly.

At this time, the Alienator had already been killed, and a shot went straight to his heart.

Qin Feng's heart was ruthless, but he did not avoid the shot, nor did he block the shot. Instead, he slashed directly at the alienated person's chest.

The alienated person attacked first, and the shot came first, and it was about to pass through the chest.

Om~!

The Sky Revolving Shield automatically flew out of the body to resist the shot.

When~!

A clear cry!

With one shot, the alienator smashed the Sky Shield, and the remaining power remained unabated, stabbed Qin Feng in the chest fiercely, but was blocked by the Tianlong armor.

Even so, the spear head broke through the defense in an instant, and the remaining force penetrated into Qin Feng's body.

It turned out that the spear had the characteristic of piercing armor. As long as it was hit, even wearing a battle armor would not be able to eliminate the body penetration of its attack power.

At the same time, Qin Feng also slashed the alienated person with a knife.

The Dark Night Sword also has the armor-piercing feature!

The knife went down, and the scales flew straight.

Wow~! Wow~!

In the next second, both of them were seriously injured at the same time, and each flew out backwards.

This is actually a one-shot, lose-lose play!

"madman!"

After a while, the Alienator struggled to get up while wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth.

He didn't expect that this human would use such a deadly tactic.

Just crazy!

However, in this round, Qin Feng was seriously injured, and he still took advantage.

The Alienator thought triumphantly.

At this moment, Qin Feng stood up staggeringly.

Not only did he bleed from the corners of his mouth, but also from his nostrils and ears.

His injury is obviously more serious than that of the alienated person.

Seeing this scene, the Alienator's eyes showed a smile.

Even if it is a lose-lose style of play, it will only be this human being who will die in the end.

But only after this thought came up, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with a blue light.

Rejuvenation - Activate!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's injuries all recovered, and his originally pale complexion became a little more rosy.

The alien's smile froze instantly

Chapter 213 Surprise again and again! The harvest is overwhelming!

The alien's smile instantly froze...