Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

This guy actually mastered the wood element talent.

There is an extremely terrifying place for the wood-type talent.

That is, when the strengths of the two sides are equal, the wood-type talents who have the last laugh are often the ones who are talented in the wood type, because they can continuously recover from their injuries and are best at protracted battles.

The alienated person suddenly felt bad!

Damn it!

How much talent does this guy have?

The alien roared inwardly.

As far as he can see, Qin Feng has shown strength, gold, light, darkness, thunder, and accelerated wind.

Now, there is another wood system.

The more alienated people think, the more uneasy they become.

But before he thought about it, Qin Feng raised his long knife and smeared the blade.

Boom~!

Above the blade, there is a raging fire!

The power of fire is on display!

The Alienator was dumbfounded again!

Swah~!

The next second, Qin Feng took the initiative to kill the past

Damn it!

The aliens take the initiative to fight.

The two sides fight together again!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the field was swept away, and the sky was dark.

The sky is full of sword lights and gun shadows, and the battle is extremely fierce.

This time, both of them fought hard!

In an instant, the two sides fought for dozens of rounds.

With two muffled hums, they each vomited blood and flew out!

Once again both lost!

Qin Feng hurriedly performed the rejuvenation technique, recovered his injuries in an instant, and then killed him again.

The Alienator has been injured twice in a row, and the momentum is weaker each time.

At this moment, when he saw Qin Feng kill him desperately, he finally felt scared.

damn it!

If it continues like this, he will be consumed to death by this human being.

I can't fight like this anymore.

With this in mind, the alienated person turned around and fled to the exit of the valley.

He was about to run away!

In order to survive, he has lost face, and would rather run away with the infamy of being repelled by the human-level realm.

"not good!"

When he saw that the alienated person was about to flee, Qin Feng was in a hurry.

He must not let the aliens escape, otherwise his mission will be judged a failure.

At that time, not only will the S-level mission opportunities disappear, but even the previous rewards will be recovered by Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, he must not let the alienated person leave alive.

Swish~!

At the moment, he hurriedly chased after the alienated person.

Whoo~!

The alienated person directly rose into the air and flew at full speed.

At this moment, his combat power has reached 700 stars, and his speed is terrifying.

Qin Feng also opened the wings of the wind, pushing the wind element talent to the limit and chasing after him.

The flight speed of the two is actually the same!

In this way, as soon as the two chased and fled, they flew for several miles in a blink of an eye, and the distance between the two sides did not narrow.

The Alienator breathed a sigh of relief, thinking that he should be able to escape.

But at this moment, Qin Feng picked up a seal formula.

Fifth-Order Skill - Ten Thousand Times Gravity Technique!

Om~!

In just a split second, the Alienator was exerted 10,000 times of gravity.

Boom~!

His whole body suddenly fell straight from the air like a weight.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Under the pressure of 10,000 times the gravity, the alienated person fell to the ground, smashed to the ground, and the earth trembled, and the gravel flew.

On the ground, there was a huge human-shaped pit that was about a zhang deep.

Fuck it~!

It's an earth element talent!

This was the last thought when the alienated person fell.

Seeing that the alienated person was recruited, Qin Feng was overjoyed and swooped down quickly.

When he rushed to the ground, the Alienator just crawled out of the pit with a face of embarrassment.

The two sides are on the verge of fighting again.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the killing in the field was shattered, more intense than before.

After a while, the two sides vomited blood and flew upside down, and it was a lose-lose again.

As soon as the alienated person fell to the ground, he didn't even have time to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth, so he wanted to run away.

He just flew up, was locked by the ten thousand times gravity technique again, fell from the air, and Qin Feng slaughtered again...

In this way, whenever the alienated person wants to escape, he will be locked by Qin Feng with the ten thousand times gravity technique, and he will be pulled into the battlefield to fight with himself...

All of a sudden, the field was shattered, and from time to time there were two muffled groans and vomits of blood.

But every time he was injured, Qin Feng used the rejuvenation technique to recover quickly.

The alienated person was unable to recover, and continued to be injured, and his momentum continued to decline.

Gradually, Qin Feng gained the upper hand, and the situation was no longer evenly matched. Gradually, only the alienated are injured.

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

The aliens can't hold on anymore!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng slashed the alienated person in half with one knife, and the body rolled and fell from the air, falling heavily to the ground.

Then, a white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

[Killing the 45-level Deep Lake Crocodile King (King-level) successfully, you get +500000 energy points. 】

[Killing the 45-level Deep Lake Crocodile King (King-level) successfully, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 45-level Deep Lake Crocodile King (King-level) successfully, the golden treasure chest exploded. 】

[Killing the 45-level Deep Lake Crocodile King (King-level) successfully, the quest item - King's Horn (Crocodile) was released. 】

Whoo~!

Finally killed!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerated.

I saw countless black smoke rising from the corpse on the ground...

After a while, the corpse changed, becoming the crocodile king corpse that was split in half.

The black mist was wrapped in a ball and fled towards the exit.

what!

Not even dead!

Qin Feng quickly picked up a seal.

Kacha~!

A mad thunder fell from the sky!

slashed into the black mist 0

A roar suddenly came from the black fog.

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and repeatedly cast mad thunder.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

One after another, the thunder was smashing wildly!

The black mist rolled over and over again, screaming constantly.

Finally, with a shrill scream, the black mist dissipated.

A charred corpse fell from the air and fell heavily to the ground...

[Successfully kills the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level), you get +1 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level) successfully, the mission item - Evil Core is released. 】

[Killing the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level) successfully, three golden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Successfully killed the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level) and obtained 5000 Judgment Points. 】

[Killing the level 35 Dark Alienator (Emperor level) was successful, and the sacred relic of the vocation—Dark God Seal was revealed. 】

Finally killed!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Having said that, after killing this dark alienation, there are so many treasures that burst out!

Only three golden treasure chests exploded, which is amazing!

There was also a vocation holy artifact - the Dark God Seal.

What the **** is the dark seal?

Qin Feng was very curious.