Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【You have been promoted to level 11 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

Knew it!

After the vocation has been upgraded to level 11, the promotion attribute has doubled, and each four-dimensional index has increased by 20 points to 40 points. 5.4

This is a good thing!

But before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Detected: Your combat power has broken 500 stars, and your reputation has broken 200 points. Congratulations on obtaining the hidden title - Novice Supreme. 】

[You get the hidden title 'Novice Supreme', and the strength index increases by 200 points. 】

[You get the hidden title 'Novice Supreme', and the agility index increases by 200 points. 】

[You get the hidden title 'Novice Supreme', and your body mass index increases by 200 points. 】

[You get the hidden title 'Novice Supreme', and the energy index increases by 200 points. 】

Om~!

One after another reward beams of light fell from the sky!

Qin Feng's attribute points have skyrocketed, and his momentum has also skyrocketed...

He was overjoyed.

Tonight's surprises are really one after another!

This is destined to be a harvest night!

Even better, there is still a lot of loot on the scene, just waiting for him to harvest

Chapter 214 The Six Consciousness Awakens, and the talent is continuously improved!

Looking at the loot all over the ground, Qin Feng was in a happy mood and started to collect

At the same moment, an announcement resounded throughout Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng's combat power has broken through 500, his reputation has broken through 200, and he has obtained the hidden title 'Novice Supreme'! 】

Boom~!

The news is announced!

The entire Longyuan Village was a sensation!

In the next second, the chat channel will be fried.

"My God! The boss's combat power has exceeded 500 stars!!"

"Too strong! It is too strong!"

"Yeah! My combat power is only 31 stars, even one-tenth of the boss's!"

"I'm even more pitiful! I'm only 24 stars! Not even one of the 20 minutes of the boss!"

"The two upstairs, there are less than 100 people in our village with a combat power of more than 50 stars. That is to say, 99% of the people in our village are less than one-tenth of the boss!"

"Hey~! It's so terrifying!"

"Yeah! The boss is simply a god!"

"Woooo! Little sister really admires the boss!!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed and admired Qin Feng more and more.

"Everyone! Why did the boss suddenly get a hidden title? Did he do something big?"

"Isn't the second stage of the task completed?"

"Yes! Very likely!"

"Haha! If the boss completes the task, it will be great, we will have another site in Tayue 08 Town!"

"Yeah! When the boss controls the teleportation formation in Tayue Town, it will not be so easy for the Cang Clan to invade!"

"Haha! When I think of the Cang clan being unable to sit in the teleportation formation, that shriveled expression makes me feel relieved!"

"Yeah! I can breathe a sigh of relief now."

"In this way, our Longyuan Village has only one problem at present, and that is the lack of ice stones."

"Yeah! That's the only problem. However, did the boss complete the task? I didn't see him submit the task item!"

"Yes! It's a public task. If the boss submits the task items, we can all receive information!"

"The boss should be busy! Let's wait, there should be news soon!"

"Little sister is so nervous! I really hope the boss has really completed the task!"

"Me too, I'm so nervous!"

At this moment, everyone is looking forward to it, but also anxious.

They also don't know whether Qin Feng has completed the task.

And this second-stage task is of great significance to Longyuan Village.

Not only a matter of chance, but also a key step to contain the attack of the Cang clan.

Everyone naturally expects that it is Qin Feng who has completed the second stage of the task

At the same time, the space at the bottom of the lake.

Qin Feng has collected the spoils.

In total, he obtained a king's horn, an evil core, four golden treasure chests, a storage ring, and a mysterious sacred artifact - the dark seal.

Qin Feng was full of curiosity about the dark seal.

However, he now has a lot of trivial matters and has no time to study, so he should wait until he is free to deal with it.

There is also the storage ring of the Dark Alienator, which contains a lot of soul stones, a dozen pieces of equipment, two of which are fourth-order, and various rare resources.

In short, the collection of storage rings is extremely rich, and Qin Feng is very satisfied.

This trip is really good!

The next step is to extract the corpse.

Qin Feng walked to the crocodile king's body happily and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the B-level talent again - Dark Profound Truth! 】

[Two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, self-evolving]

[Failed to evolve your talent, your dark talent is still at level B. 】

It failed this time.

He continues to extract

【Endless extraction success! You get 10 physical attributes! 】

It's a nice gain.

Qin Feng walked to the body of the alienated person again and started the extraction.

【Endless extraction success! Get the A-level talent - the law of darkness! 】

【Your dark talent has been promoted from B level to A level! 】

[Reminder: During the process of awakening the Law of Darkness (A-level), you automatically awakened the fifth-level skill - Dark Atomization. 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the law of darkness (level A), and the power of your skill 'Shadow Binding' has increased tenfold. 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the law of darkness (level A), and the power of your skill 'Hell Tianyan' has increased tenfold. 】

good! good!

The dark talent has also reached A level, and a fifth-order skill has also been awakened, and the power of related skills has also increased greatly!

In this way, among his nine-element talents, the four elements of water, fire, earth, and darkness have all reached A-level.

Qin Feng was cool.

He continued to extract.

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the A-level talent - Six Senses Awakening! 】

[Your six senses connected (level B) are automatically promoted to the awakening of six senses (level A). 】

[Reminder: During the process of awakening your Six Senses Awakening (A-level), you automatically awakened the fifth-level skill - Psychic Integration. 】

awesome!

This time it was so powerful!

The corpse of the alienated person provided him with an A-level talent, and with the awakening of the fifth-order skill - psychic fusion.

Psychic fusion is a very useful and powerful skill!

Qin Feng witnessed the alienation cast with his own eyes.

The combat power of the alienated person is no more than the sixth level, and the crocodile king is no more than the fifth level.

But after one person and one beast are combined, the combat power has reached the threshold of the seventh heaven.

Qin Feng thought about it and felt envious.

Now, he has it too.

With this in mind, he couldn't wait to check the skills

[Spiritual Combination: Fifth-order skills, which can be combined with battle pets, can greatly improve combat power, and can also superimpose talent capabilities. 】

[Reminder: Battle pets must be hatched with their own essence and blood in order to perform psychic integration, and other types of pets are invalid. 】

After reading it, Qin Feng was surprised.

His Huo Luan battle pet was bred with his own blood!

That little guy is a sixth-order battle pet!

As long as it hatches, it is a middle-grade foundation, and if you are lucky, it may be a top-grade foundation.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The potential and strength in the future are stronger than that of the Dark Alienator, far from being comparable to the Deep Lake Crocodile King.

At that time, he will fight with Huo Luan again, and his strength will be terrifyingly strong.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

Having said that, the little guy has already exceeded the expected time and has not yet hatched.

Wouldn't it really be a top-grade foundation-building battle pet?

If so, that would be great!

Don't think about it so much, he still has the turtle king's body to deal with!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng rushed back.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I received the news that you have obtained the title of Novice Supreme. Have you completed the second stage task?"

The little girl's tone was full of anticipation.

Qin Feng: "Well, it's done by luck!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Wow! That's great! Everyone is nervously waiting for your news. If they know that you have completed the task, they will be crazy with joy."

Qin Feng smiled: "Don't tell everyone beforehand, I still have a lot of trivial matters to deal with at the scene."

Qiyue replied obediently: "Mmmm, Yue'er knows."