Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng: "Yue'er, I have a corpse of an earth-level king beast here, you can deal with the bones."

Qi Yue rejoiced: "That's great! There are fifth-order bones again, and you can build a teleportation array again!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and sent the crocodile king's body into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he rushed back to the previous battle scene...

Before long, he returned to the ruined temple.

The turtle king's body lay quietly at the door of the temple, with a golden treasure chest and a king's horn suspended beside it.

Qin Feng picked up the king's horn first.

At this point, all the quest items are in hand, just wait for him to submit the quest items.

This makes Qin Feng in a good mood.

However, he was not in a hurry to hand over the task.

He picked up the golden treasure chest next to the corpse, and took out four golden treasure chests from the storage ring, a combined card, and combined a dark treasure chest.

At this point, he has four hidden treasure chests and four golden treasure chests in his hands.

As long as he gets another golden treasure chest, he will be able to close a purple diamond treasure chest immediately.

Purple diamond treasure chest!

There is a 98% probability of opening a sixth-order item, and a 2% probability of opening a seventh-order item.

Thinking about it, Qin Feng felt his heart was hot.

Afterwards, he put away the treasure chest, extracted the tortoise corpse, and gained 20 attributes.

After doing this, he sent the turtle corpse into the zero-dimensional space and let Qi Yue deal with it.

At this point, the battlefield is cleared.

Still, the benefits don't end there.

In this space, in addition to the huge ice stone resources waiting for him to deal with, there is also the temple in front of him.

Qin Feng looked up at the broken temple in front of him.

This is where the aliens live. I wonder if there are treasures in it?

Thinking of this, he walked into the temple and began to search.

Half an hour later, he found a secret room and found another surprise.

Chapter 215 Dragon and Phoenix Polarity! Hidden Big Harvest!

The secret room was a stone house closed on all sides, with a secret door to the entrance, hidden within the walls of the temple.

If it wasn't for Qin Feng's awakening of his talent for six senses, his hearing increased tenfold, it would not be easy to find out.

Before, when he passed a temple wall, he heard a faint sound of air moving behind the wall.

As soon as his heart moved, he groped on the wall for a while, and really found a hidden mechanism, so he opened the secret door and entered this secret room.

In the center of the darkened secret room, there was an alchemy furnace with a height of half a person. The style was simple and simple, with eight legs and four corners.

[Dragon-Phoenix Bipolar Furnace: Fifth-order alchemy furnace, the chance of alchemy is +200%, the efficacy of medicine is increased by +100%, the time of alchemy is reduced by +100%, the fire element is immune, and the master is not recognized. 】

This alchemy furnace is actually a fifth-order treasure!

Still need to recognize the Lord's fifth-order treasure.

Generally speaking, the fifth-order treasures that need to be recognized are the best of the fifth-order!

Qin Feng happily stepped forward to observe.

Having said that, he can understand the attributes in front of the alchemy furnace. What does that fire immunity mean?

Does it mean ignoring any fire damage?

It is also true that alchemy requires fire, and the alchemy furnace is naturally not afraid of fire.

Having said that, this effect may have a magical effect in the future.

Qin Feng murmured in his heart for a while, then he broke the blood clot and ejected a drop of blood into the dragon and phoenix polar furnace.

Om~!

In just a moment, the Pill Furnace drained the blood and released a joyful vibration.

[Reminder: Recognize the Lord is successful! Longfeng polar furnace has recognized you as the master! 】

In the next second, the polar furnace quickly shrank to the size of a fist at a speed visible to the naked eye, and then turned into a blue light that poured into Qin Feng's body.

good! good!

Got another piece of fifth-order top-quality equipment.

Qin Feng was in a good mood and looked around the secret room again.

I saw three rows of wooden racks beside the three walls, which were full of bottles, jars and other sundries.

He stepped forward curiously to check.

After a while, he discovered that those bottles and jars contained waste pills.

It should be that after the Alienator failed to concoct pills, he was reluctant to discard them, so he left these waste pills.

A rough calculation, at least as many as a thousand.

Generally speaking, waste pills are of little value, and if you donate them, you will only earn 1 contribution point, which is far less valuable than Tier 1 spirit grass.

But the cost behind a waste pill is very high. I don't know how many spirit grass and spirit flowers are spent, and I really don't want to throw it away.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put all those waste pills into the storage ring.

Even if the waste pills are worthless, more than a thousand waste pills can donate more than a thousand contribution points.

"By the way, can I do this..."

Qin Feng's mind flashed, as if he thought of something.

Then, he poured out a black waste pill from a white porcelain bottle.

[Waste Dan: Rank 0, a failed product after alchemy, the toxicity intensity is not clear, it is not recommended to take it. 】

Looking at the waste pill in the palm of his hand, Qin Feng thought about it, and the palm lit up with white light, launching endless extraction...

【Endless extraction success! You have successfully extracted the impurities and toxins in the waste pills, the quality of the waste pills has transformed, and advanced to the first-order Huangjingdan. 】

In just a moment, the waste pill in Qin Feng's palm turned into a fragrant white elixir.

It worked!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Afterwards, he happily twisted up the elixir and observed it carefully.

[Huang Jing Dan: Level 1 elixir, after taking it can improve physical fitness and energy. 】

interesting!

I don't know what the effect will be after taking it?

Thinking of this, he swallowed it directly.

The medicinal herbs entered the throat, quickly turned into medicinal power, and flowed to the limbs and bones...

Qin Feng suddenly felt warm all over his body, and his body was a little hot...

[Successful taking the first-order Huang Jing Dan! Your physical attribute +11, energy attribute +7! 】

[Reminder: The upper limit of Huangjingdan for each person should not exceed 10, and overdose is invalid. 】

good! good!

A Huang Jingdan actually increased his attributes by 18 points.

This Tier 1 medicinal pill is more powerful than Tier 2 Spirit Grass!

He has obtained more than a thousand waste pills, which can be extracted endlessly, turning them all into treasures!

In that case, he can get more than a thousand useful elixir.

Even if he has taken the pills to the upper limit, he can still take them for his subordinates.

Qin Feng was overjoyed at this thought.

This is definitely a hidden treasure!

Of course, such a huge gain can only be achieved by him.

Because he has endless extraction that can turn decay into magic!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng poured out another waste pill and wanted to try again.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The waste pills poured out this time are gray in color and smaller in size.

[Waste Dan: Rank 0, a failed product after alchemy, the toxicity intensity is not clear, it is not recommended to take it. 】

【Endless extraction success! You have successfully extracted impurities and toxins from the waste pill, the quality of the waste pill has changed, and it has advanced to the second-order Feng Yuandan. 】

In just a moment, the gray waste pill turned into a blue-colored elixir, overflowing with fragrance.

This time it was actually a Tier 2 elixir.

It seems that among the more than 1,000 waste pills, there are various varieties, not only one kind of elixir.

This made Qin Feng even more satisfied.

Then, he swallowed the Feng Yuandan.

[Successful taking the second-order Feng Yuandan! Your agility attribute +37! 】

[Reminder: The upper limit for each person to take Feng Yuan Dan shall not exceed 10, and overdose is invalid. 】

awesome!

It's so powerful!

The effect of Tier 2 Spirit Pill is much stronger than Tier 2 Spirit Grass.

I don't know how many of the more than 1,000 waste pills are Tier 2 pills, and how many are Tier 3 pills?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

However, he has no time to deal with the waste pill now.

I can only wait for the idle time, and then slowly extract the waste pill.

And this incident also allowed him to see the powerful effects of medicinal pills.

Qin Feng began to yearn for alchemy.

After all, he even has a fifth-order alchemy furnace. After learning alchemy, he can try alchemy.

And once mastered the alchemy technique, it can definitely speed up the improvement of strength.

In addition, there are thousands of spiritual flowers and grasses in his hands, which are too many to be used up, and he is worrying about how to consume them.

Now, those spirit grasses are just available.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

After he calmed down, he continued to look at the shelves...

Soon, he found a golden **** card from the shelf.

[Fourth-Order Pill Recipe Card: Use this card to randomly obtain a recipe for a fourth-order pill, as well as the refining method. 】

[Reminder: Only pharmacists who master alchemy can activate this divine card. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

The second-order elixir is so powerful, and the fourth-order elixir must be even more powerful.

This card is very good!

However, it requires a pharmacist who masters 'alchemy' to activate.

Alchemy is a professional skill that can only be mastered by level 3 pharmacists.