Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

And level 3 pharmacists can only be born in villages above level 4.

It seems that he has to wait for the village to upgrade before he can use this card.

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the divine card.

So far, the secret room has been cleaned up, and his gains are huge.

Qin Feng came out of the secret room happily.

After a while, he arrived outside the temple.

At this time, Qiyue got in touch.

Qiyue: "Master, the two king-level beasts have been dealt with, and a total of 15 units of fifth-order bones have been obtained. You can build 15 teleportation arrays."

Qin Feng was delighted: "Well done! In this way, the problem of the lack of teleportation formations in our Longyuan Village has been completely solved."

Qiyue: "Yes! At present, there is only one problem left in our village, and that is the lack of ice stones."

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Yue'er, show you a place."

As soon as the voice fell, he waved.

A white light flashed in front, and Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

As soon as the little girl appeared, she happily ran to Qin Feng.

"Owner!"

As soon as she saw Qin Feng, she was very happy.

Then, she looked around curiously.

"Master, what is this place?"Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"A secret space under Tongtian Lake. Little girl, go to the Baishi Mine around you and see what those blue light spots are?"

"Oh!"

Qi Yue walked over curiously.

After a while, the little girl's happy cheers rang out.

"Wow! Master! It's Froststone! A lot of Froststone!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "This is a huge ice stone mine. With this place, there will be no shortage of ice stone resources in Longyuan Village in the future."

Qi Yue said excitedly: "Yes! There are so many Froststones, let alone level 4 villages, even level 5, 6, 7, and 8 are enough."

Qin Feng smiled: "Little girl, bring all the fifth-order bones you collected!"

"Well, master, the fifth-order bones are all in this storage ring. By the way, there are also two materials for guarding the altar that you want, which are also in this storage ring."

Qiyue handed over a storage ring.

Qin Feng nodded in relief.

The little girl works really well.

Every time he instructed, he was able to complete it satisfactorily.

After taking the storage ring, Qin Feng took out the fifth-order bones of a unit, then opened the [Create Channel], and chose to create a teleportation array...

Boom~Long~Long!

There was an earth-shattering movement, and the earth roared!

Then, a teleportation formation, just in front of the ruined temple, slowly rose from the ground...

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located at the bottom of Tongtian Lake... Village Chief Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

Boom~!

As soon as this information came out, Longyuan Village was greatly surprised and puzzled at the same time.

How could the boss build a teleportation array at the bottom of the lake?

Qin Feng naturally didn't have time to explain.

After building the teleportation array, he contacted Qishan.

A quarter of an hour later, Qishan went from the village of Sangqi to the space at the bottom of the lake by teleportation.

When he found out that there was an endless ice rock mine there, he was so excited that his beard was shaking.

At this moment, he looked at Qin Feng with excitement.

"Master, you are really amazing! You have discovered such a large ice rock mine, you can say that the luck is against the sky! With this huge mine, Longyuan Village will take off!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Elder Qishan, in the future, this mine will be mined by your Qi family."

Qishan's expression was solemn: "Master, rest assured, the little old man will definitely handle this matter and not hold back Longyuan Village."

"However, this mine is very huge, with a radius of tens of miles. If it is mined by hundreds of people from our Qi clan alone, will the speed be a bit slow?"

Qishan's tone revealed concern.

After all, there are more than 15,000 villagers in Longyuan Village, all waiting to use the Frost Stone.

Hundreds of people in their family are mining with all their strength, and I am afraid that the supply will not be enough.

Qin Feng said softly: "The problem of insufficient manpower is not difficult to solve. After the novice assessment is over, I will go to Western Baipi Village, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang Village to catch some slaves and let them come. Mining."

"You family, just take charge of supervising those slaves in the future!"

Qishan was overjoyed: "This method is wonderful!"

"Elder Qishan, I'll leave this place to you. Yue'er, let's go and take it!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng and Qiyue entered the teleportation array.

Tonight, Qin Feng still has the biggest gain, which he has not received.

That is to submit quest items and get the quest rewards of the second stage.

At this moment, he is going to Tayue Town with Qiyue and collect rewards there

Chapter 216 Talent upgrade! Good luck card!

With the flash of white light, Qin Feng and Qiyue disappeared in the big formation.

In the next second, the teleportation array lit up in the square of Tayue Town.

Qin Feng and the two appeared.

"Master, we have arrived at Tayue Town!"

Qiyue looked around.

Tayue Town in the middle of the night is very quiet and a little desolate.

A gust of night wind blew, long hair fluttering, a little cold.

"Yue'er, go back to zero-dimensional space first!"

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he opened the quest channel, found the god-level village quest, and began to submit quest items...

At the same moment, in the chat channel.

The crowd was very excited.

They already knew that Qin Feng had discovered a super-large ice ore deposit.

Now, the people of the Qi family are in full swing.

"Haha! Brothers, the boss is really powerful. Whatever our Longyuan Village lacks, he can get it."

"I suspect that there is nothing in this world that the boss can't do!"

"Yeah! In short, the matter of Froststone has been resolved. It won't be long before our Longyuan Village can be upgraded to a level 4 village."

"I just took a look. Now there are only 69 level 2 cabins, and we can reach 500."

"As long as the ice stone is in place, 500 level 2 wooden houses can be reached very soon."

"Haha! Don't worry, everyone, we will soon be able to rise to level 4 villages."

"I'm looking forward to the thought of upgrading to a level 4 village!"

"Upstairs, I'm more looking forward to the boss completing the second stage of the task early, and I don't know how the progress of this task is?"

"Yes! I just checked it, and there are only 5 hours left, and the task deadline is coming to 917."

"What? Only 5 hours left! There's not much time left!"

"Yeah! I wonder how the boss's progress is? I'm a little worried."

As soon as these words fell, the hearts of everyone were suddenly suspended.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task Announcement: The village chief Qin Feng has submitted the task items, and the second stage task of the god-level village has been completed! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the audience cheered!

Ha ha!

finished!

Mission accomplished!

The boss is always so timely.

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

Tiandao's reminder came again.

[Task reward: The second stage of the task of the god-level village is completed, all members of Longyuan Village will be rewarded, and the talent level will be improved. 】

[Upgrading rules: Among the existing talents of the villagers, choose a talent to upgrade one level, and the maximum upgrade level cannot exceed A level. 】

[Upgrading rules: Those whose talent level has reached A rank can no longer be upgraded, and they will be rewarded for awakening a new talent as compensation. 】

[Promotion rules: Bloodline talent is not within the range of promotion. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Long Yuan.

Today's Longyuan villagers have the same physical quality and potential as humans in the Zhongqian World.

The only weak point is the talent level.

This time, the god-level village quest was rewarded with talent tips, which just made up for their shortcomings.

Boom~Long~Long!

After the reminder, the sky shook.

Immediately afterwards, thousands of beams of light landed on all the villagers of Longyuan Village.

Suddenly, the talent levels of the villagers have risen one level.

This made everyone extremely excited and cheered one after another.

So far, the level of Longyuan villagers has completely reached the human level of Zhongqian World.

The level of the Qi clan has reached the level of the top middle-thousand human beings.

This made the overall strength of Longyuan Village invisibly improved by a large level!

At the same moment, on the square of Tayue Town.

In Qin Feng's ears, there were also consecutive messages from Tiandao's personal reminders to him.

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the second stage of the task, rewarding 1000 attribute points. 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the second stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with a Super Synthesis Card (Tier 3). 】