Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the second stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with 1 Luck God Card (level 5). 】𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the second stage of the task, and reward the Tayue Town Land Deed Card (Tier 5). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the second stage of the task, you will be rewarded with two talents to improve your chances. 】

Om~!

Then, the sky shook.

One after another, the reward beams fell on Qin Feng.

In a blink of an eye, his free attribute points increased by 1000 points.

Immediately afterwards, his talent also began to change.

[The random talent promotion is successful! Your light talent has been promoted from C level to B level, and you have awakened the mystery of light. 】

[The random talent promotion is successful! Your wood talent has been promoted from B level to A level, and you have awakened the law of wood. 】

[Reminder: During the process of awakening the Law of Wood, the Rejuvenation Technique (4th rank) was promoted to the Rejuvenation Technique (5th rank). 】

[Returning to Heaven: A fifth-order healing skill, the healing speed is three times that of the rejuvenation skill. It can return to the sky from death, and it can also be reborn from a broken limb. 】

Qin Feng was surprised.

After a while, he got another A-level talent.

At this point, among his nine-element talents, the five elements of wood, water, fire, earth, and darkness have all reached the A-level.

In this way, he has taken another big step forward from integrating the SSS-level chaos talent.

Om~!

At this time, another reward beam of light descended from the sky.

The three divine cards fell slowly along the beam of light.

That is a super synthetic card, a luck card, and a land deed card.

After getting the God Card, Qin Feng glanced at it and smiled, in a good mood.

The quest rewards for this god-level village are unimaginably rich.

Let's just say that the three **** cards are all of the best quality and are of great use.

Especially the fifth-order 'luck card', Qin Feng was very pleasantly surprised.

However, he did not rush to study, and put it away first.

After he has dealt with the most urgent matter in front of him, he will go to study.

Thinking of this, he took out the title deed card of Tayue Town.

"It's the land deed that recognizes the owner!"

Qin Feng murmured and broke his fingers and blood clotted.

Moments later, a drop of blood formed on the fingertip.

He flicked his fingers lightly, and blood beads dripped towards the Ticheka...

At the same time, at the distant Cang Clan headquarters.

In a certain secret room, an oil lamp was lit and dimly lit.

Inside the house, three figures swayed slightly under the illumination of the lights.

At this moment, Xuan Qiong was sitting in the first place.

Fengxi was sitting on his right, and a wrinkled white-haired old man was sitting on his left.

The white-haired old man has been squinting his eyes slightly, his breath is like abyss, giving people an unfathomable feeling.

He is a Supreme Elder of the Cang Clan.

This time, in order to deal with Qin Feng, Xuan Qiong invited him out of the mountain.

"Breath of the wind, how's the gathering of people?"

Xuan Qiong asked indifferently.

In order to deal with Qin Feng's affairs, he was so busy that he didn't sleep a blind eye, and also invited a Taishang elder.

It can be seen that he attaches great importance to Qin Feng.

"Patriarch Hui, the nine divisions have already arranged personnel, with a total of more than 3,110 people. At dawn tomorrow, the divisions will go to the stronghold of the Cangtu Ministry to gather, and then take the teleportation array to Tayue Town."

Wind breath respectfully reported.

Xuan Qiong nodded in satisfaction.

Then, he looked at the white-haired old man again.

"Old Gu, you will lead the march tomorrow. The deity will stay in the clan. Recently, the Qi clan in the south, in order to compete for resources, have repeatedly violated the territory of our Cang clan. I must stay in the clan to deal with it."

The white-haired old man nodded slightly: "Patriarch, don't worry, this old man will lead the army tomorrow to handle the Tongtian Lake issue. Having said that, as one of the seven guardian forces, the Chi Clan has repeatedly scrambled for resources with our Cang Clan, which is too much. "

Xuan Qiong sighed: "Hey! My Cang clan has always been weak among the seven guardian forces, and the Chi clan is looking at this and always wants to take advantage of it. They haven't realized that a potential big crisis will start from Coming from the east."

Gu Lao hurriedly asked: "East? The patriarch is saying, the challenger who appeared in Tongtian Lake?"

Xuan Qiong nodded: "This deity is worried about this person. Our relationship with the Wei family is a small friction, not a life and death hatred. But the relationship with the challenger is a life and death problem!"

Old Gu didn't take it seriously: "Patriarch, don't worry! With this old man, I will be able to remove this hidden danger tomorrow."

Fengxi also quickly echoed: "Patriarch, Gu Lao is a seventh-level powerhouse. In addition, there are as many as 17 Earth-level powerhouses who will go to Tongtian Lake tomorrow. With such strength, even if the opponent is a seventh-level powerhouse, that's not enough. Get a layer of skin off."

"What's more, that kid's strength is only at the peak of the fifth layer of heaven. This time, with Lao Gu leading the team, we will definitely be able to win!"

Hearing this, Xuan Qiong breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good! Those two rest early, and tomorrow morning, they have to rush to Tayue Town."

"Yes! Patriarch!"

"The old man retire!"

A meeting ends here

Chapter 217 The site has increased, and the strength has skyrocketed!

At the same moment, on the square of Tayue Town.

Qin Feng has activated the title deed card.

Om~!

At this moment, Ticheka shines brightly!

The whole area of ​​Tayue Town seemed to be affected, and it was humming.

Finally, the title deed card turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body-inside

【You are integrating the land deed card (Tayue Town)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of Moon Treading Town, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Reminder: The number of your sites has increased to 2, and the upper limit of your subordinates' combat power has been raised to 2,000. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, a series of prompts followed.

[Reminder: Your servant Qibian's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have received 10 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Wanglong has reached 30 stars in combat power, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Sun Lei's combat power has reached 30 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10 attribute points. 】

…………

The number limit has been exceeded!

The reward of attribute feedback has ushered in a climax again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Pieces of feedback information kept popping up.

Qin Feng's attribute points have skyrocketed all the way...

In a blink of an eye, he gained 930 attributes.

How cool!

Qin Feng is in a happy mood.

After all the feedback was over, he opened the 'village chief operation interface'.

really!

The village chief's control interface has also been mutated, showing two site areas.

One is the headquarters of Longyuan Village, and the other is Tayue Town.

At the same time, there is an additional power map function.

On that map, Sangqi Forest, Tongtian Lake, etc. are clearly visible.

The locations of Longyuan Village, Tayue Town, and the seventeen branch villages of Longyuan Village are all marked with red dots.

The outline of Longyuan Village's power has initially appeared.

After getting familiar with the interface, Qin Feng started to rename 'Tayue Town'...

Moments later, an announcement resounded throughout Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Longyuan Village has acquired the second base - Tayue Town. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar', the address is located in Tayue Town... Village Chief Qin Feng received 500 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: The village chief Qin Feng has modified the teleportation authority of the teleportation array (Tayue Town), canceling the teleportation authority of all external forces. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village burst into cheers.

Longyuan Village completely controls Tayue Town!

The sphere of influence expanded directly to the vicinity of Tongtian Lake.

What's even better is that this control of Tayue Town will greatly curb the invasion of the Cang Clan.

At the same moment, Tayue Town Square.

Qin Feng stood in the teleportation array and breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally finished!

He successfully cut off the teleportation power between the Cang Clan and Tayue Town.

So far, he has won a day of buffer time for Longyuan Village.

Next, Jing waited for the number of level 2 wooden houses in Longyuan Village to change greatly, and then upgraded to level 4 villages.

As for the development of Tayue Town, he was going to wait.

After all, the situation is still unclear, and the strength of the villagers in Longyuan Village has not yet come up, so it is inconvenient to come to Tayue Town.

Even if someone wants to come, it will have to wait for Longyuan Village to reach level 4.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the village chief operation interface again and pressed 'one-click migration'.

Boom~Long~Long!

With a roar of the earth, a magnificent two-story wooden building rose from the center of Tayue Town.

That is Qin Feng's level 5 wooden house.

He moved his wooden house over, preparing to guard the place alone.

After doing this, he entered his wooden house.

As soon as he entered the wooden house, he entered the zero-degree space.

In the wooden house, only a white space node is left.

Regarding the existence of the space node, Qin Feng tried his best not to expose it to the outside world, so that it would be safer.