Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Strength]: 103+7 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 110 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 103 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 129 (intensive mind, D-level, visual hypersensitivity, E-level; olfactory enhancement, F-level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level),

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 10 stars

[Free attribute]: 5

His combat power evaluation really reached 10 stars!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and was very satisfied with the victory.

By the way, it's been over an hour.

He is already level 4 (270/1200)

How is the progress of Liu Xuan and Edward?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the 911 chat channel.

At this time, the channel was full of jubilation.

Wu Yong: "Everyone, Liu Xuan just killed the level 3 beast Huo Yunbao, and his current upgrade progress is level 3 (503/600)..."

"That's great! Congratulations to Liu Xuan for his victory!"

"In just over an hour, Mr. Liu Xuan killed a level 3 beast. It's really neat! Mr. Liu Xuan is really awesome!"

Wu Yong: "Everyone, we're going to look for a new level 3 beast. It's hard to find a beast at night! If you find any trace of a beast, let us know quickly and save time for Liu Xuan!"

"Don't worry, boss! We know it!

"Haha! Mr. Wu Yong, we have found a level 3 beast here. A monster like a rhino! Come over here! Coordinates 327,644!"

"Fuck~! This level 3 beast is so fierce! Ten of us, level 2, can't hold back! Big Liu Xuan, Big Wu Yong, Big Longshan, you three come here!"

Wu Yong: "Great! Hold on! We'll be there soon!"

"Boss Wu Yong, we also found a level 3 beast here. It looks like a fox. It's too fast! Ten of us can't trap it!"

"Fuck~! Are all level 3 beasts so awesome? Ten level 2 powerhouses can't be trapped!"

"Brother, where is your group? Our group went to support and help you hold down that fox."

"Our coordinates are 490,734! Come here quickly!"

"Okay! Our group will be here soon!"

"Our group is also going to support!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! Brothers! You are so powerful! When Liu Xuan kills the rhinoceros beast, come and kill the fox beast. You have to hold on!"

"Don't worry, Mr. Wu Yong! We will definitely trap this fox beast to death!"

"It's great! All the 2nd-level bosses are heroes! With your help in finding the beasts, Mr. Liu Xuan doesn't have to spend a lot of time searching for the beasts!"

"Upstairs, this matter is related to the overall rise and fall of our No. 911 Novice Village. We must unite! We must defeat the people of No. 137 Beacon Country!"

"That's right! Long live No. 911 Novice Village! Long live the Dragon Kingdom!"

"Strange! Why hasn't there been any movement from Edward's side! I've been watching their chat channel to check their progress. They've been arguing in their channel, and I haven't seen Edward reply!"

"Yeah! Those idiots are still talking about free democracy, and some people are even cursing Edward that he will be judged by God!"

"Fuck~! People in the Lighthouse Country don't seem to be very smart!"

"Upstairs! We don't care about them! Let's keep working hard! Go!"

"That's right! Big guys! Let's rush together!"

Qin Feng was very relieved to see this silently.

No. 911 Novice Village is indeed very united.

Right now, all the level 3 and level 2 powerhouses are going to help Liu Xuan.

Level 3 teams of two or three.

Level 2 team of ten people, looking for beasts in the level 3 area.

In this way, it did save Liu Xuan a lot of time.

However, Liu Xuan has only killed a level 3 beast until now.

This efficiency is much slower than him.

Qin Feng was on his way and killed a level 4 beast and a level 5 beast.

As for Edward's side, there was no movement, and he didn't know what happened.

never mind!

Don't want so much!

Just upgrade it yourself!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quit the chat channel, mentioned the blood wolf sword, and rushed to the level 6 area...

This time, he went to kill monsters.

As soon as he stepped into the level 6 area, he fully developed his sense of smell and searched for the traces of the beasts.

Night can hide a lot of things and greatly reduce visibility, but not smell.

Soon, Qin Feng was in the woods and smelled a strange smell.

It was not the stinky smell of the beast, nor the smell of blood, but a faint fragrance.

"Hey! This scent? Could it be that there are spirit grass and spirit fruit nearby?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he followed the smell.

Gradually, he got closer and closer to the source of the smell.

At this time, he discovered that the odor emanating from the source was actually mixed with the stinky smell of beasts.

After a quarter of an hour, he finally arrived at the source of the smell.

It was a mountain col, and it was full of towering trees.

In the middle of the mountain, there is a half-human tall spiritual plant.

There are five claw-shaped spiritual leaves on it, shaped like dragon claws, and the leaves are golden.

The top of the Lingzhi bears a red spiritual fruit, the size of a baby's fist, and it is full of brilliance. In this dark night, it emits a faint aura.

The fragrance before was emitted by this spirit fruit.

Qin Feng was surprised, and the Eye of True Sight scanned it away.

【Name】: Dragon's Blood Fruit

[Grade Rank]: Second-Order Spirit Fruit

【Origin】: Born after absorbing a ray of dragon blood.

[Effect 1]: Non-toxic, can greatly enhance strength, agility, and physique after eating

[Effect 2]: After eating, there is a 0.1% chance to obtain a trace of dragon's true blood.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Fuck it~!

This is actually a second-order spiritual fruit!

What a discovery!

Qin Feng was secretly happy.

The value of Tier 1 Spirit Fruit is comparable to Tier 1 equipment.

The second-order spiritual fruit is comparable to the second-order equipment, and may even be more precious.

In particular, the dragon blood fruit in front of him has a 0.1% chance of obtaining a trace of dragon blood.

Dragon is a divine beast that is as powerful as a god.

With a trace of the true blood of the dragon, he is the descendant of the dragon.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

However, he did not immediately go to pick the spiritual fruit.

Because next to the dragon blood fruit, there are three terrifying beasts lying on the ground

Chapter 27 King-level beasts

Qin Feng's eyes turned to the three giant beasts.

The first giant beast was a two-zhang-long giant bear with fangs and black hair all over its body.

In the dark night, its two huge eyes, like lanterns, glowed with a faint red light, revealing a bloodthirsty cruelty.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the Eye of True Sight activated...

【Ferocious Beast】: Kaishan Bear

[Level]: Level 6

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 8 stars

[Characteristics]: Bloodthirsty, brutal, guardian.

[Talent]: Physical Enhancement (F Grade)

[Explosion rate]: 0.6%

what!

F-rank physical enhancement!

This level 6 beast has innate abilities!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He quickly looked at the second giant beast, which was also a mountain bear.

Sure enough, the second head also has an F-level talent - physical enhancement!

hiss~!

He couldn't help taking a deep breath.

This is bad information!

He found that the beasts below level 5 have no innate ability.

But after reaching level 6, the beasts began to possess innate abilities.

The human talent awakening advantage began to be weakened.

Of course, this has little effect on Qin Feng.

It's just not a good thing for the rest of the novice village.

Especially those who awakened the F-level talent, they have no advantage at all.

The number of people who awakened F-level talent in Novice Village reached 78.7%.

However, this is not something Qin Feng should consider.

Thinking of this, his eyes turned to the third giant beast.

It was a super giant bear with a body length of five feet, fangs on its mouth, sharp bone spurs on its back, and brown hair all over its body.

Its violent aura is more than ten times stronger than the previous two Kaishan bears!

Qin Feng's true eye, scanning towards it...