Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "I'm afraid I can't use it! To use this card, you need to activate it with your own blood essence to bring you a hundred times more luck. This little guy hasn't been born yet, how can you get its blood essence?"

"If you use my blood essence, it will only bring me a hundred times the luck, it doesn't seem to help it much!"

Qiyue pouted: "Oh, that's a pity!"

"yes!"

Qin Feng reluctantly put away his luck card.

However, he thought of another thing.

After he has synthesized the Purple Diamond Treasure Chest, he will use this luck card to increase his luck by a hundred times.

In this way, he can 100% open a seventh-order item.

Seventh-order items!

Its value is immeasurable.

I'm afraid that the heaven-level powerhouse may not have it.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames.

At present, he is short of a golden treasure chest to close the purple diamond treasure chest.

Thinking of this, he immediately asked, "Yue'er, how about the acquisition of the golden treasure chest?"

"Not bad! I have acquired 3 golden treasure chests!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Very good! Where's the treasure chest?"

"Hee hee! Master, I'll give it to you now!"

Click~! Click~! Click~!

As soon as those words fell, the pet egg made a clear cracking sound.

The two looked at it quickly, and saw the upper layer of the pet egg cracked quickly.

Pa~!

A crisp sound!

A small red sharp beak pecked the eggshell.

Then, a fluffy little head tried to drill out from the broken shell.

"Master, it's coming out!"

Qi Yue's eyes widened in excitement.

Qin Feng also watched nervously.

What kind of potential this little guy is, we will soon know.

In just a moment, the fluffy little head fully stretched out of the eggshell, and opened a pair of clear and bright big eyes, looking around.

"Guji~! Guji~!"

When it saw Qin Feng, it made an excited and lovely cry as if it saw a relative.

Afterwards, it desperately drilled out of the eggshell, trying to fall into Qin Feng's arms.

But the eggshell hindered its movement.

The little guy was in a hurry, his mind moved.

Whoo~!

A monstrous golden flame rose from its entire body.

Boom~!

The power of terrifying flames emanated unintentionally.

"Wow! It's amazing!"

Qi Yue exclaimed, she couldn't resist the power of the flame, and took a step back.

What a strong golden flame!

Qin Feng couldn't help but praise.

Swish~!

The little guy rushed out of the eggshell as soon as the flames ignited, flew into the sky, and turned into a flame bird, with golden flames burning all over his body, looking like a phoenix surveying the sky, with extraordinary momentum.

Another phoenix roar!

The little guy circled excitedly in the air, then put away the flames all over his body and turned back into a young bird with yellow fluff all over his body. 633 took the initiative to fall into Qin Feng's arms.

"Guji! Guji!"

As soon as it fell, the young bird used its cute little head to rub against Qin Feng's arms, as if acting like a spoiled child.

Qin Feng can clearly feel that the little guy also feels a warm heart for his nostalgia.

This is a pet that was hatched with his own blood essence.

Between them, there is already a kind of blood bond, just like relatives.

And the little guy's loyalty to him is absolutely unparalleled.

At this moment, Qin Feng felt warm when he saw the little guy's intimacy with him.

In the next second, the light in his eyes lit up, the eye of insight activated, and began to investigate the aptitude of the little guy...

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan

[Level]: Level 1 (Imperial Level)

[Boundary]: Earth level (high-grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 270 stars

[Characteristics]: Absolute loyalty and protection to the master, strong evolutionary ability.

[Talent]: Law of Fire (A-level), Space Control (A-level), Bloodline Talent B-level (Suzaku Divine Blood).

[Skill]: Burning Golden Flame (Tier 6)

Boom~!

After reading this, Qin Feng was shocked.

This little guy's aptitude is too heaven-defying!

It is not only high-grade foundation building, but also has double A-level talent and B-level bloodline talent.

One of these talents is actually a rare spatial ability.

It also has a terrifying sixth-order skill!

You know, he and Huo Luan can be psychic together.

After combining, talent abilities and skills can be used superimposed.

In short, the potential of this little guy is super-defying, and it is of great help to him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

ps: I'm sorry, I added two more books before, which caused inconvenience to you guys, sorry for the inconvenience!

The 219th chapter psychic contract, sharing perspective!

"Master, this little guy is so cute!"

Qi Yue came over and was immediately attracted by Xiao Huoluan's cute appearance.

She stretched out her white and tender little hand and fondly stroked Xiao Huoluan's fluff, feeling that the little guy's fluff was smooth and comfortable.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan seemed to enjoy Qiyue's stroking, making coquettish screams, and looking at Qiyue with affectionate eyes.

During this period of time, Qiyue also felt beside the pet egg that Qiyue had been accompanying.

At this birth, it recognized Qiyue as a companion, and naturally gave birth to a heart of intimacy.

"Hee hee! Master, this little guy seems to like me too! Can you give me a hug?"

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Qiyue hugged Xiao Huoluan happily, stroking her even more dotingly.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan looked at Qin Feng reluctantly, and wanted to stay in Qin Feng's arms.

However, it did not reject Qiyue's intimacy.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Seeing that Xiao Huoluan is close to her, Qiyue also likes it more and more.

"Master, is this little guy a top-grade foundation building?"

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

She can only see the level of Xiao Huoluan, but can't see any more attributes of Xiao Huoluan.

"Well, high-grade foundation building!"

"Wow! That's great! High-grade foundation-building pets, I'm afraid there are not many in this area of ​​ten million miles, and there is a high possibility of being promoted to the heavenly realm in the future."

Qiyue was overjoyed.

She likes this little fire luan, and naturally hopes that this little fire luan has stronger potential.

What's more, this is the pet of her beloved master.

"Guji~! Guji~!"

Xiao Huoluan seemed to understand the conversation between the two.

It actually raised its small head and screamed proudly twice, with the look of 'I am a genius' in its eyes.

Qin Feng looked at it and found it interesting.

"Master, what kind of talent does this little guy have?"

"A-level fire talent, A-level space talent, and a B-level bloodline talent."

"Wow! This little guy is so strong!"

Qiyue exclaimed again.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan's mouth was raised even higher.

Qin Feng felt a little funny.

"Master, how powerful is that little guy?"

“270 stars!”

"Wow! It's really strong! By the way, master, the introduction on the sacred tablet of the Holy Martial Hall is very clearly written. Participating in the foundation building assessment, equipment and psychic pets are all part of the strength, and can be brought into the examination room. of."

"With the help of this little guy, your chances of passing the divine test will be greatly increased!"

Qi Yue said excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

He knew that what Qi Yue said was true, and that pets of war could also be brought into the examination room.

However, only psychic pets can be brought in, and ordinary pets cannot be brought in.

With the help of this Huo Luan pet, he can indeed greatly improve the pass rate of the assessment.

Thinking of this, he said: "Little girl, don't underestimate the divine grade assessment. The pass rate of the divine grade assessment is much lower than that of other grades of foundation building."

"For other grades of foundation building, as long as they pass the qualification review, there will be one-third of the pass rate. The god-grade is different, and the pass rate is only one-tenth."

"Besides, I haven't even passed the qualification review now, so I can't take it lightly."

Qiyue nodded slightly: "That's right! The divine grade assessment is really too difficult. However, there are three chances for the divine grade assessment. If the master fails once, he can participate in the second and third times. With the help of this little guy, You always get through once."