Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "Although there are three chances in the assessment, there are also highs and lows. If you participate in the assessment for the first time, you can pass the test perfectly, and the evaluation is the highest, and you can get the first-class gods to build the foundation."

"If it is passed the second time, it is a middle-level god-level foundation building. If it is the third time, it is a low-level god-level foundation building. If you fail three times, you will never lose the chance to build a god-level foundation. You can only participate in the top level. The foundation building examination is over."

"My goal, of course, is to build the foundation of a high-quality god. Either I don't make a move, and if I want to make a move, I have to get the best evaluation."

Qiyue's eyes lit up, and the master's aura shocked and fascinated her.

"Master, it is extremely difficult to build a foundation with a high-quality god. I heard that many gods and goddesses can't do it! Master, if you want to get a high-level **** with a mortal body, it is even more difficult."

Qi Yue was still a little worried.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "If you don't try it, how do you know it won't work? I don't want to do so much anymore. My main task at present is to raise the combat power to 700 stars as soon as possible, and get the qualifications for the examination of the gods."

"At that time, this little guy has also risen to the tenth level, and his strength will definitely be stronger. At that time, if I combine with its psychic, the overall strength will be stronger, and the probability of passing the divine grade assessment will also be higher. higher."

"Guji! Guji!"

At this time, Xiao Huoluan seemed to be hungry.

It called twice, then jumped down from Qiyue's arms, walked to the eggshell, and ate the eggshell directly.

squeak~! squeak~! squeak~!

In the room, there was the sound of Xiao Huoluan eating eggshells.

In just a moment, the little guy ate all the eggshells.

It patted its little belly contentedly with its little wings. With a happy look on his face.

And just after it finished eating the eggshell, the whole body lit up with golden light, and its momentum skyrocketed...

In a blink of an eye, it was upgraded to level 2.

It turned out that the eggshell contained a huge amount of energy, which actually made Huo Luan rise a level.

[Reminder: Your pet Huo Luan has risen to level 2, and its combat power has been raised to 280 stars. 】

what!

good guy!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This little guy has only been promoted by one level, and his combat power has increased by 10 stars.

If it is upgraded to level 20, then it can increase the combat power of 200 stars.

Moreover, this is only the basic combat power.

In this comparison, Xiao Huoluan is much stronger than the Dark Alienator!

good! good!

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and the more he looked at Xiao Huoluan, the more he liked it.

"Master, the little guy seems to be getting stronger!"

Qi Yue also looked at Xiao Huoluan with a look of surprise.

Qin Feng: "Yes! This little guy has risen to level 2, and his strength has increased a lot. The fluff on his body has also begun to fall off."

Qiyue's face was full of anticipation: "Yes! It is still in its infancy. When it reaches level 5 or above, it should be able to remove all the fluff, and its strength will be stronger."

"Guji! Guji!"

At this time, Xiao Huoluan called out to Qin Feng again.

Qin Feng immediately realized that the little guy wanted to go out and kill monsters to upgrade.

Between a person and a beast, there is telepathy, and you can understand the meaning of the other party without verbal communication.

Having said that, most of the beasts around Tayue Town are in the 20s or 30s, and their combat power is only 50 or 60 stars.

It is also appropriate to let the little guy go out to kill monsters and upgrade.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

What's more, he also hopes that Xiao Huoluan will lose its fluff as soon as possible and enter a stronger growth period.

Thinking of this, he said, "Little guy, I'll call you Xiao Luan'er in the future!"

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan nodded happily and seemed to like the name.

"Little Luan'er, do you want to go out and kill monsters to upgrade?"

"Guji! Guji!"

The little guy nodded again and again.

"it is good!"

Qin Feng agreed, bit his fingertips, and drew a blood-colored talisman in the air with blood as a guide.

Om~!

As soon as the blood talisman is completed, the golden light is lit up, reaching the sky and the ground.

Then, Qin Feng pointed his finger, and the blood talisman flew directly into Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows and disappeared.

Boom~!

As soon as the blood talisman entered the body, Qin Feng and Xiao Huoluan were shocked at the same time, as if there was some connection.

It turned out that the blood talisman was a psychic contract.

Only when the pet is integrated with the psychic contract can it become a real psychic pet.

After Qin Feng awakened the psychic integration skills, he naturally obtained this method.

In just an instant, the psychic contract was completed.

When Qin Feng thought about it, another picture appeared in front of him.

In the picture, he saw a tall and handsome man and a tall and beautiful girl.

That tall and handsome man is Qin Feng.

And the tall and beautiful girl is Qiyue.

At this moment, both of them became very tall.

In fact, this is not Qin Feng's perspective, but Xiao Huoluan's perspective.

It turned out that after completing the psychic contract, one person and one beast can share the perspective.

With just a thought, Qin Feng can see everything outside with the help of Xiao Huoluan's perspective.

good! good!

I didn't expect that completing the psychic contract would have such benefits.

In this way, he can safely let Xiao Huoluan go out to hunt the beasts alone.

At the same time, he can also use Xiao Huoluan's perspective to monitor everything around Tayue Town.

"Okay! Little guy, I'll take you out now. Remember, don't be too far from Tayue Town."

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan nodded happily.

At the moment, Qin Feng gave Qiyue some orders, and left the zero-degree space with Xiao Huoluan.

A quarter of an hour later, a divine bird burning with golden flames flew out of Tayue Town and disappeared into the dark night.

At the door of the wooden house, Qin Feng looked at the direction where Xiao Huoluan disappeared, and a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

With this little guy wandering around Tayue Town, he is equivalent to releasing an eyeliner and patrolling the surroundings.

In this way, even if he retreats in the zero-degree space, he can check the outside world at any time.

It all fits together perfectly!

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction and returned to the wooden house

Chapter 220 Purple Diamond Treasure Chest

A quarter of an hour later, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng returned to his room.

After closing the door, he took out three golden treasure chests.

This is what Qiyue just handed over to him.

With the four golden treasure chests in his hand, he has seven golden treasure chests.

Immediately, he took out two golden treasure chests and a synthetic card from another storage ring.

After a while, the five golden treasure chests were combined into a dark treasure chest by him.

Then, he took out four dark treasure chests.

"Five dark treasure chests have been collected! It's time to synthesize the purple diamond treasure chest!"

Qin Feng took out a super synthetic card with anticipation on his face.

The next second, he activated the Super Synthetic Card.

Om~!

The **** card floats in the air, and the light shines.

A large formation of five-pointed stars projected out.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

The five dark treasure chests slowly floated into the air and automatically flew to the five-pointed star formation, which was distributed to the five formation eyes.

Om~!

Great array running!

Strong light intertwined!

Soon, the five dark treasure chests were stacked on top of each other and merged into one.

After a few moments, the fusion is complete!

A purple diamond treasure chest with bright purple light appeared, exuding a diamond-like brilliance, which was extremely extraordinary at first glance.

[Reminder: The fusion of the treasure chest is completed, congratulations on getting a purple diamond treasure chest! 】

It worked!

This is a purple diamond treasure chest!

Qin Feng happily caught the treasure chest that fell from the sky.

[Purple diamond treasure chest: 98% probability 460 to open sixth-order items, 2% probability to open seventh-order items. 】

If he uses the Luck Card now, he will be able to open a seventh-order treasure 100%.

Seventh-order treasure!

Heaven-level powerhouses may not have it.

But why is he opening it now?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and put away the purple diamond treasure chest.

He's not going to start now!

He also has a super synthetic card, and two golden treasure chests.

He can completely close another purple diamond treasure chest, and then open the two treasure chests together.

Use the Air Luck Card to increase your luck by a hundred times within one minute.

And within a minute, he can completely open two purple diamond treasure chests.

In this way, he can get two seventh-order treasures.

With two seventh-order treasures, and with the help of the Huo Luan pet, he is very likely to win the foundation of the first-class gods.

First-class **** product!