Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Even the gods and goddesses, only very few can do it.

If he can obtain a high-grade divine grade to build a foundation, his future cultivation path will be much smoother.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect.

Don't think about it so much, his primary goal now is to win the qualification of the gods.

Otherwise, everything is empty talk.

His current combat power is 614 stars, and there is still a big gap between the qualification threshold of 700 stars!

He has to think of some more ways to speed up his strength.

Having said that, the novice assessment is about to end, and the punishment assessment is approaching.

With such an excellent performance of Longyuan Village, the difficulty of the Heavenly Punishment assessment will definitely increase several times.

This is the urination of heaven.

He can't be careless, it's time to prepare well.

"By the way, the medicinal pills I refined before can come in handy."

Qin Feng muttered, and took out a thousand or so pills.

Those elixir are all that he turned waste into treasure, and refined them endlessly.

Looking at his results, he was in a happy mood and began to classify the medicinal pills.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After a quarter of an hour, the classification is complete.

Of the thousand or so elixir, there are five first-order elixir and one second-order elixir.

The first-order elixir are: Huangjing Dan, Poria Pill, Daigo Pill, Shengxu Pill, and Jiegu Pill, each of which is about 200 pieces.

The second-order elixir is Feng Yuandan, and there are only more than seventy pills.

After this classification, he put away the Shengxu Pill and the Gujie Pill.

Those two are healing pills and cannot increase their strength.

After doing this, he picked up a Huang Jingdan and swallowed it...

[Successful taking the first-order Huang Jing Dan! Your physical attribute +12, energy attribute +6! 】

good! good!

Tier 1 spirit pills are more powerful than Tier 1 spirit grass!

Just this one boosted his aura.

The only regret is that, whether it is a Tier 1 elixir or a Tier 2 elixir, the upper limit is ten.

However, Qin Feng was already satisfied.

These were supposed to be pleasant surprises.

When he takes these elixir to the upper limit, his combat power will definitely increase a lot.

At the moment, he continued to take the elixir.

【Successful taking 1st grade Poria Pill! Your Constitution attribute +13, Dexterity attribute +6! 】

[Successful taking the first-order Daigodan! Your strength attribute +10, energy attribute +7! 】

[Successful taking the second-order Feng Yuandan! Your agility attribute +39, wind perception +1! 】

...

With taking one pill after another.

Qin Feng's momentum is also rising!

He is in a very comfortable mood...

At the same time, the Cang Clan, the Cang Tu Ministry stronghold.

Inside a dark stone house.

The fourth elder, Heilong, looked at the night outside with a haggard expression.

It was late at night, but he couldn't sleep.

After yesterday's battle, the First Elder, Second Elder, and Third Elder of the Cangtu Department all fell.

Today, he is the only Earth-level powerhouse left in the entire Cangtu Department.

However, he couldn't sleep because Kurosawa also fell.

Kurosawa is his younger brother!

He must avenge this blood feud!

Tomorrow, he will follow the army of the clan to kill Tongtian Lake, find the **** challenger, and avenge his younger brother.

Just then, a young man's voice sounded behind him.

"Father, are you still worried about revenge tomorrow?"

The person who spoke was Hei Long's son, Hei Ming.

Heilong nodded slightly: "It is rumored that the challenger has the strength of the peak of the fifth heaven, and it is incredible to think about it for my father."

Hei Ming also nodded: "Yeah! It's really incredible. However, no matter how strong that person is, he won't survive tomorrow."

"Didn't you say before that the leader of the team tomorrow is Gu Lao. He is the supreme elder of our clan, a seventh-level powerhouse! With his presence, he will definitely be able to avenge his uncle tomorrow!"

Hearing this, Heilong showed a smile: "It's true! Tomorrow, I will take half of the clan, you should stay with the rest of the clan, and don't be careless."

"Baby understand!"

There are only a thousand people in the entire Cangtu Department.

Of the people who were taken away by Heilong, there were only more than 500 people left.

Just like that, the father and son ended their conversation...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it was the next day.

At dawn, it was just light.

The Cangtu Ministry's stronghold was already full of people.

The members of the nine tribes of the Cang clan gathered here early in the teleportation formation.

From this, it can be seen that the Cang Clan attaches great importance to Qin Feng's affairs.

At this moment, next to the teleportation array.

More than 3,000 Cang clan disciples formed a large army and lined up beside them.

In front of the army, Elder Gu and other land-level powerhouses are ordering soldiers and giving lectures.

Behind Old Gu, Hei Long looked at the army in front of him, and his heart was surging.

With such strength, they will definitely be able to sweep through the Tongtian Lake area this time and avenge their blood.

At this moment, not only him, but all Cang people are full of confidence.

Soon, the training is over!

Feng Xi respectfully walked in front of Elder Gu.

"Elder Gu, all the staff are here, we can go."

Old Gu nodded slightly: "Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, he took the lead to teleport.

Fengxi and other nine Earth-level powerhouses followed closely behind.

The primary teleportation array can only teleport up to ten people at a time.

After Gu Lao ten people got into the teleportation formation, Fengxi quickly took out a power stone and put it in the teleportation formation groove.

click~!

Power stone into the slot!

Om~!

In the next second, the teleportation array lit up with a dazzling white light!

The grand formation was launched successfully!

In the blink of an eye, the dazzling white light shrouded all the ten Gu Laotians, and they could no longer be seen.

But just when everyone thought that they were about to be teleported away, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Pa~!

A little noise!

The energy stone was exhausted and turned into powder.

The white light dissipated, and the ten figures of Gu Lao appeared, still standing on the great formation.

"Huh~! This is?"

"Transmission failed!"

Everyone was surprised!

This time, Gu Lao ten people were dumbfounded!

The three thousand troops were also dumbfounded!

The 221st chapter has been improved again and again, Qiyue's huge progress!

"Strange! How could the transmission fail?"

The crowd kept muttering.

Feng Xi and others quickly checked the teleportation array.

After a while, a strange look appeared on everyone's face.

"Elder Gu, the teleportation authority between this teleportation formation and Moon Stepping Town seems to have been forcibly cancelled."

Wind breath respectfully reported.

The three thousand troops on the side were surprised.

Old Gu even frowned.

It's really unfavorable to be a teacher!

Before they set off, the road was cut off.

Immediately, Elder Gu said: "If you want to cut off the authority of this teleportation array, you need to master the control authority of Tayue Town. But Tayue Town has been abandoned for thousands of years. If you can master it, it will be controlled long ago."

"To be honest, no one knows what to do to control Tayue Town. According to the old man, I'm afraid that something happened in Tayue Town, which caused the loss of the teleportation array there, and then the teleportation failed-."

As soon as these words fell, all the bigwigs nodded, all of them felt that it was reasonable.

"Old Gu's analysis is correct!"

"My subordinates think so too!"

"That's a pity! I waited to gather here early in the morning, just to get to Tayue Town as soon as possible, so as to search the Tongtian Lake area as soon as possible, but now it was blocked by teleportation."

"Yeah! The teleportation limit of the teleportation array is 3,000 miles. If it exceeds 3,000 miles, it can no longer be teleported."

"This is troublesome! Of the nine clans of the Cang clan, only the Cangtu clan is the closest to Tayue Town, just within the teleportation range. The other clans are too far away to go through the teleportation array."

"In this way, the teaching between our Cang clan and Tayue Town has been completely cut off!"

At this moment, all the bigwigs frowned.

"Old Gu, what should I do?" Feng Xi stepped forward and asked.

Old Gu pondered for a while, and then said: "If there is no teleportation formation, we will walk over. With the speed of our army, we should be able to reach Tayue Town in a day. In short, this matter cannot be delayed!"

Feng Xi nodded: "Old Gu is right! This matter cannot be delayed, and that kid cannot be allowed to grow up."