Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"By the way, one day later, it will be the last day of the novice assessment. It is rumored that after the novice assessment is over, those novice will also receive Heavenly Dao rewards."

"By then, they will become stronger. We'd better find their nest before the end of the novice assessment."

Hearing this, everyone felt a sense of urgency in their hearts.

Immediately, Elder Gu said: "Let's go now! By the way, Bai Qiong! Breath of the wind!"

"Bai Qiong is here!"

A white-haired old man stepped out from the crowd.

The breath on his body suddenly reached the peak of the fifth heaven.

"The wind is here!"

The wind also responded quickly.

"The two of you are good at speed, then go to Tayue Town first and find out what happened. If there is any problem, immediately call the old man."

"Yes!"

At the moment, the two Bai Qiong took their orders away.

In the blink of an eye, Bai Qiong and Feng Qi disappeared from everyone's sight.

The two of them are really fast.

Looking at the direction in which the two of them disappeared, Heilong was a little worried.

He stepped forward cautiously and said, "Elder Gu, if you let Elder Bai Qiong and Elder Fengxi go first, will it be okay? The person we are going to deal with this time has the strength of the peak of the Fifth Layer."

Gu Lao smiled confidently: "It is said that the boy has the strength of the peak of the fifth layer of heaven, most of which are the words of the wind to cover up the shame, do you really believe it? After all, he fled back in embarrassment last time, if the opponent's strength is too low, his It doesn't look good either."

"So, he will exaggerate the strength of some opponents. If the old man sees that the challenger can have the strength of the fifth layer, it is not bad."

"Besides, Bai Qiong is the strength of the fifth layer of the sky. With him and the wind breath, even the sixth layer of the powerhouse can't do anything to them. Besides, the speed of the two of them can be comparable to the sixth layer of heaven."

Old Gu analyzed it self-righteously.

Heilong and the others nodded, all of them felt reasonable.

"Set off!"

Immediately, Old Gu gave an order, and the three thousand army rushed towards Tayue Town...

At the same moment, Tayue Town, zero-degree space.

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng is studying a peculiar thing - the dark seal.

The appearance of the dark divine seal is like a seal, with divine patterns engraved on it, exuding a dark rhythm, and it is extraordinary at first glance.

[Dark God Seal: Fifth-Order Item, Divine Vocational Sacred Artifact. Those who have the vocation of 'Judge' can draw blood and refine them, and they can get unexpected benefits. 】

"This thing looks so mysterious!"

Qin Feng was moved.

Items above the fifth rank are treasures!

Since this Divine Seal is a fifth-order item, it should not be bad.

I just don't know, what does it do?

Thinking of this, he broke his fingers and prepared to refine the Divine Seal.

Just then, footsteps came from outside the door.

"Master, can Yue'er come in?"

"come in!"

squeak~!

Open the door!

Qiyue walked in beautifully.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up involuntarily,

I saw that the little girl had changed into a long green dress, and her temperament had also changed a little, making her more beautiful and moving than before.

The little girl is a beautiful embryo, so she is even more beautiful.

It is conceivable that when she fully grows up, she will be a stunning beauty.

Soon, Qin Feng found out why the little girl's temperament changed.

It turns out that this little girl has risen to level 12, and her combat power has skyrocketed.

"Master, the Huangjing Pill, Fuling Pill, Daigo Pill, Feng Yuan Pill you gave, and Yue'er have all taken them, and the effect is very good. Those pills have made Yue'er's combat power soar to 86 stars."

"Yue'er's current strength is probably stronger than that of my grandfather. If you let him know Yue'er's strength, he will be very surprised."

The little girl ran over just to share this happy thing with her beloved owner.

In addition, she also came to thank the master for giving her so many precious medicine pills.

It turned out that Qin Feng also gave Qiyue a copy after taking the four medicinal herbs to the limit.

There are a total of forty pills, all of which are taken up to the upper limit of the medicine pill.

After this night of refining, the little girl's combat power has skyrocketed to 86 stars.

Works great!

Having said that, after Qin Feng took those pills, his combat power also skyrocketed to 633 stars, and he was one step closer to the goal of 700 stars.

"Very good! You are only level 12, and your combat power has reached level 86. Now it seems that your combat power has surpassed that of Elder Qishan, and you have become the strongest villager in my Longyuan Village."

Qin Feng looked at the little girl with relief.

This little girl is his personal female assistant, and he is also the focus of his training.

He naturally hopes that the stronger the little girl, the better.

To his relief, the little girl did not disappoint him.

As far as combat power is concerned, the strongest among the villagers before was Qishan, whose combat power reached 80 stars, then Liu Xuan and the others.

Today, Qiyue has surpassed them.

What's even better is that Qiyue's talent ability also surpasses all the villagers of Longyuan Village.

Besides Qin Feng and Xiao Huoluan, she is also the only person in Longyuan Village who has an A-level talent. At the same time, she also has a B-level wood talent and a C-level bloodline talent.

00

The talents of Qishan, Liu Xuan and others are only B-level.

In this way, the comprehensive strength of the little girl has unknowingly surpassed all the villagers, and it is absolutely crushed.

"It's all because of the master's training. Otherwise, Yue'er would never have reached the 86-star combat power so quickly."

The little girl's tone was full of gratitude.

She is really grateful to Qin Feng, and at the same time, she is more and more dead to Qin Feng.

Sure enough, you can eat and drink spicy food when you are with the master.

Qin Feng smiled and said: "Your potential is very good. Having said that, your current level is considered to be the best among the thousands of humans. Those in the thousands of humans need to be at least level 25 or above to reach your level of combat power. already."

Qi Yue was excited: "Master, I don't know when the people from the Cang clan will attack? When their people arrive, Yue'er also wants to play against the children of the Cang clan to see how strong they are!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "I'm afraid that many ordinary Cang clan children are no longer your opponents. If I don't expect it to be bad, they will come to Tayue Town in one day at most."

Qiyue: "Hee hee! I'm looking forward to it! By the way, master, you have completed the second stage of the task. What is the task content of the third stage of the god-level village?"

Qin Feng: "Task reminder, the third stage task will be automatically activated after Longyuan Village has been upgraded to a level 4 village."

Qiyue: "That's it! It should be soon!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: Dawn has come, and tonight's 'Lost Village' mission is over. The Blue Star Realm has established a total of 23,119 villages. 】

"Hey! It's dawn!"

Hearing the news, Qin Feng was a little emotional.

The novice assessment has officially entered the sixth day, and there is not much time left for the Blue Star people.

But today, of the 10 million novice villages in the Blue Star Realm, only 23,119 novice villages have established villages.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Just when the announcement was issued, there was also a rumbling roar over Tongtian Lake.

Immediately afterwards, the majestic Vientiane Temple slowly emerged.

Just above the ninth hall of the Vientiane Temple, there is a large cloud of gray fog covering the top of the hall.

At this moment, the gray fog surged slightly, and there were two people's muttering sounds.

"The performance of these Blue Star people is really bad! It's only the sixth day, and they have only established 23,119 villages. They are much worse than other people in the small world, not to mention the middle world and the big world. already."

"It can't be said that, the Longyuan Village in the Blue Star Realm has performed very well, and it is already a level 3 village."

"Oh! So what? Other worlds are blooming with a hundred flowers, and the number of third-level villages is in the hundreds. Some powerful worlds have already established hundreds of third-level villages. Only this Blue Star Realm stands out, only A level 3 only seedling in Longyuan Village."

"Uh... This is the truth. However, this Longyuan Village is really excellent. Maybe they will soon be promoted to a level 4 village, which will be a top-notch village, surpassing the vast majority of excellent villages."

"Oh! So what? When the War of Ten Thousand Realms begins, it is necessary to use the power of one realm to fight for hegemony. This Blue Star Realm only relies on one Longyuan Village, I am afraid that it will be difficult to support a lonely tree and will only lose in the end. In short, I I'm not very optimistic about the Blue Star Realm."

"This...hey! You have some truth in what you said! Forget it, this matter has nothing to do with our Temple of God's Punishment, I'll just wait and watch silently."

"As it should be!"

As soon as the voice fell, the mysterious voice in the gray fog disappeared.

Peace has returned to the nine days

Chapter 222 Space Ability!

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the room.

After Qin Feng sighed, he thought of the punishment assessment, and he was a little worried.

He didn't know what level of punishment Tiandao would impose on Longyuan Village after the novice assessment was over.

Just like before, Longyuan Village performed well in gambling, and its resources doubled again and again.

Tiandao doubled the difficulty of the 'village chief task'.

Today, Longyuan Village's performance is better than when gambling, far exceeding other villages in the Blue Star Realm.

How much will the difficulty increase?

To be sure, definitely more than double!

In short, he couldn't take it lightly.

Only by constantly improving his own strength can he have greater confidence in passing the test of unknown difficulty.

"By the way, Yue'er, how many level 3 villages are there in the Blue Star Realm now?"

Qin Feng asked casually.

He wanted to know about the development of the Blue Star Realm, so that he could prepare for the hegemony after the novice assessment.

"Master, our Longyuan Village is currently a level 3 village. In addition, there are seven other villages that have reached level 2."

Qin Feng was curious: "the seven?"

Qiyue replied: "Yongye Village, Wuzhuangguan Village, Guangming Village, Brahma Village, Arctic Village, Tianzhao Village, Kimchi Village."

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

These seven villages are considered to be somewhat powerful.

However, what the **** is the last kimchi village?

That must be the village of Nanbangzi.

Only they are so fond of kimchi, and it is also called "the taste of hometown".

Qin Feng was also speechless about the bad taste of the Nan Bangzi.