At this time, Qi Yue said again: "Master, more than 300 people in the regional channel participated in the village chief mission yesterday, but unfortunately they all failed, and more than 20 people died."

"Now, those people in the domain channel are completely panicked. They have been begging our Longyuan Village to sell them energy stones!"

"Many people in the village, who couldn't bear the pressure, started to commit suicide."

Qin Feng wondered: "Aren't we selling energy stones to them all the time?"

Qiyue: "Master, it's not for sale now. Everyone sells power stones on the world channel, because our power stones are cheaper and very popular on the world channel. This has made the whole village a lot of money."

"Then, everyone deliberately didn't sell it to those guys in the regional channel. Who let those people sneer at our Longyuan Village before. They are still despising our energy stones."

"Now they can't buy it if they want to. However, some guys started to break the pot and scolded our Longyuan Village directly on the regional channel, saying that our Longyuan Village has no humanity, and we are both from Blue Star, so we should help them."

"Said that we would not only sell them energy stones, but also give them free energy stones. We also said that our Longyuan Village must help them pass the novice assessment."

Qin Feng sneered: "It's all those white-skinned pigs who said these words? They have always been so shameless. While attacking and mocking others, they also asked others to help them. If they are so shameless, only those white-skinned pigs can say it."

Qi Yue also sighed: "Yeah! It's the first time I've seen such a shameless nation. Master, you white-skinned people on the Blue Star are so shameless! Your character from the Dragon Kingdom is much stronger than theirs. ."

Qin Feng smiled: "Don't mention those cheap white skins, they won't be able to jump around for two days. By the way, Yue'er, there are some medicinal pills here, you can take them to Luan'er. That little guy ate these medicinal pills, The strength will definitely improve a lot.”

Qin Feng handed Qiyue four white jade bottles.

The little girl took a look and found that it contained Huang Jingdan, Fulingdan, Daigodan, and Fengyuandan, all of which were ten tablets, which just reached the upper limit of consumption.

She said happily: "Master, Xiao Luan'er will definitely increase his strength after eating these medicinal herbs. However, that little guy has been wandering outside, where can I find it?"

"I will call it back now."

Qin Feng smiled, closed his eyes, and activated his spiritual summoning.

At the same time, outside Tayue Town, somewhere in the jungle.

A divine bird burning with golden flames is chasing and killing a beast of more than 30 levels.

It is a small fire luan.

At this moment, the beast in front was desperately fleeing.

Whoo~!

Suddenly, Xiao Huoluan opened his mouth and spewed, and a golden column of fire several feet long spewed out of its mouth, instantly hitting the beast and turning it into ashes.

Terrible roar!

Echoing over the jungle!

A beam of energy light flew out from the ashes of the beast and poured into Xiao Huoluan.

In the next second, Xiao Huoluan's body lit up with a dazzling white light.

It's upgraded again!

The little guy screamed in the sky, very happy.

At this moment, it sensed Qin Feng's call, and there was joy in its eyes.

The master is calling her.

That must be thinking about it.

The little guy hurriedly dodged and fled into the void, disappearing out of thin air.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng just finished his spiritual call.

The space in front of him twisted strangely.

The next second, Xiao Huoluan burst out of the air and appeared in front of Qin Feng in an instant.

Qiyue on the side was amazed.

This is Xiao Luan'er's spatial talent, which can teleport 0 within a radius of 30 miles.

As long as it can sense Qin Feng's position, it can instantly return to Qin Feng's side.

At this time, Qin Feng also opened his eyes.

When he saw Xiao Huoluan, he was surprised.

I saw that Xiao Huoluan had grown up a lot, and he was already about 10 feet long.

The yellow fluff on his body also faded away, and he was replaced with a fiery red phoenix feather.

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan

[Level]: Level 6 (Imperial Level)

[Boundary]: Earth level (high-grade foundation building)

[Combat evaluation]: 330 stars

good! good!

In just one night, the little guy has risen to level 6, and his combat power has skyrocketed to 330 stars.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

"Wow! Master, the little guy has become so beautiful!"

Qi Yue was attracted by Xiao Huoluan's phoenix feathers at a glance.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan called out a few times with pride, and then automatically shrank to the size of a foot, and then jumped into Qin Feng's arms, rubbing his small head against Qin Feng's chest, acting like a spoiled child.

It was still gurgling in its mouth, as if asking why its owner had summoned it back.

Seeing that the little guy is intimate to him, Qin Feng's heart is also soft.

"Little Luan'er, I'll ask Yue'er to feed you some medicinal herbs. That will make you stronger. Go! Go find Yue'er!"

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan happily jumped out of Qin Feng's arms and flew to Qiyue's shoulder.

Qiyue also fondly touched its little head.

1.2 It was at this time that Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of 2-level novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 500, which is the standard required for a 4-level village. 】

Boom~!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village cheered.

Longyuan Village can finally be upgraded!

In the room, Qin Feng and Qiyue's eyes lit up, and they were all overjoyed.

"Master, the conditions are met! We can finally upgrade to level 4 villages. This time, everyone's strength will be greatly increased again. Even if the Cang Clan invades, our villagers will have the power to resist."

Qiyue was overjoyed.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief: "That's right! I finally upgraded before the arrival of the Cang clan army. Much faster than I expected!"

As soon as the voice fell, he opened the village chief operation interface and prepared to upgrade the village.

Qi Yue's eyes were full of anticipation.

Xiao Huoluan on the side also showed curiosity.

Chapter 223: Level 7 potential, Long Yuan upgrades!

At the same moment, in the Longyuan Village chat channel, everyone cheered.

"Brothers, the number of level 2 wooden houses has finally reached the standard, and we can upgrade to level 4 villages."

"I'm looking forward to it! We're going to be stronger again!"

"Haha! Just wait for the boss to operate."

"Everyone, after we've been promoted to level 4 villages, will the Cang clan disciples be surprised if they meet us?"

"Haha! They would never have thought that on the sixth day, our strength is similar to theirs."

"Upstairs, don't forget, the boss has cut off the teleportation formation in Tayue Town, and they may not be able to arrive today. Maybe they will arrive tomorrow!"

"It will be better if we arrive tomorrow. By tomorrow, our strength will be stronger, and the gap with them will be even smaller."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Village]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village has been upgraded successfully! Longyuan Village has been upgraded from a level 3 village to a level 4 village]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 800 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the village chief, you will be blessed by the Tao of Heaven and receive 1600 attribute rewards. 】

08 "Upgraded! Finally upgraded!"

Suddenly, there were earth-shattering cheers from all corners of Longyuan Village.

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and beams of light descended from the sky one after another, landing on the villagers.

All villagers' attribute points have skyrocketed, and all of them have skyrocketed by 800 attribute points.

The crowd cheered one after another.

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the room.

Qin Feng had just completed the village upgrade, and there was a space shock above the wooden house.

Immediately afterwards, three beams of light descended from the sky.

One fell on Qin Feng, one fell on Qiyue, and the other fell on Huo Luan.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng's attributes skyrocketed by 1600 points.

Qiyue and Huoluan each rose 800 points.

The two were overjoyed.

"Hey! Why did this little guy get the Heavenly Dao reward?"

At this time, Qin Feng looked at Huo Luan with surprise.

"Yes! Xiao Luan'er has also been rewarded!"

Qi Yue was also surprised.

You must know that Xiao Huoluan is only Qin Feng's pet, not a villager, so how can there be rewards?

At this moment, not only Qin Feng and the two were confused.

Xiao Huoluan was also surprised and delighted.

It also doesn't know why it can be rewarded.

As soon as the attribute point is rewarded, it will be automatically assigned to the fourth dimension.

Strength, agility, stamina, and stamina each have 200 points.

Its combat power has also skyrocketed to 346 stars, and its strength has increased a lot.

Just when Qin Feng was puzzled, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your pet reaches level 6, and it can be transformed into a human form after level 20. Therefore, Heavenly Dao judges that it is treated the same as your villager subordinates and bears the same responsibilities. 】

[Reminder: Only transformable psychic pets have this treatment. 】

"So this is ah!"

Qin Feng was stunned.

"Master, what's the matter?"

Qi Yue asked curiously.

At the moment, Qin Feng said Tiandao's prompt.

After Qi Yue heard this, she was surprised.