Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Master, my grandfather said that generally only spirit beasts above the seventh rank can transform into human form."

"However, there are very few sixth-order spirit beasts that can also transform. Any sixth-order spirit beast that can transform has a high chance of being promoted to seventh-order! Xiao Luan'er is really not easy!"

Qiyue was amazed.

Qin Feng was stunned.

No wonder Xiao Huoluan's information indicates that he has strong evolutionary ability.

Huh~!

With that said, he has found a treasure!

As long as the opportunity is in place, he can completely evolve Xiao Huoluan to the seventh order.

Seventh-order divine beast, that is comparable to the existence of the best foundation.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan seemed to understand Qiyue's compliment, and she raised her cute little head proudly and shouted a few times.

Seeing this, Qin Feng said with a smile: "Little guy, while you enjoy the benefits of the villagers of Longyuan Village, you also take on the responsibility of Longyuan Village. That is to say, you also have novice assessment restrictions."

"You must rise to level 10 before the end of the novice assessment. Otherwise, you will also be obliterated by Heaven. There is only one more day left before the end of the assessment."

"Guji! Guji!"

The little guy was frightened and his eyes widened.

It was only born one day!

I don't want to die so early!

"Guji! Guji!"

Afterwards, it picked up Qiyue's skirt with its small mouth, pulled Qiyue and walked out of the house.

It turned out that it was urging Qiyue, and quickly gave it a medicinal pill.

After eating the medicine pill, it will go out to kill monsters and upgrade.

Qi Yue understood: "Xiao Luan, come with me!"

At the moment, one by one spoiled the room.

In the house, Qin Feng was the only one left.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a series of reminders.

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4 village, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 6 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 4, and the villagers have the permission to upgrade to level 5 wooden houses. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4, and the population cap was raised to 200,000. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4, and the upper limit of the teleportation array was increased to 50. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4 village, and the level 3 permission was opened for life occupation. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4, and the prisoner of war order function was activated. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 4, the S-level god-level village task, and the third-stage task was activated. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The third stage mission is finally activated.

However, he was not in a hurry to check the content of the task, and he would add some points first.

This time, he got 1600 attribute points!

This is an extremely generous reward.

Of course, this is the village chief of Longyuan Village, so he can have such a high reward.

Because the upgrade difficulty of Longyuan Village is twice that of ordinary villages, the rewards are naturally doubled.

If other villages are upgraded to level 4, the village chief can only get 800 points, and the villagers can only get 400 points.

That is to say, when Longyuan Village is upgraded to level 4, the treatment that each villager receives will be comparable to that of the village chiefs of other villages.

This is what makes Longyuan Village unique.

Qin Feng thought about it beautifully in his heart, and opened the panel, ready to add some more

At this time, another series of prompts followed.

[Reminder: Your villager Liu Yan's combat power has reached 50 stars, and you have received 20 genus and 360 **** point rewards. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Li Yang's combat power has reached 50 stars, and you have been rewarded with 20 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Chen Wei's combat power has reached 50 stars, and you have been rewarded with 20 attribute points. 】

It turned out that the villagers were also adding points.

At this moment, the strength of Longyuan Village is skyrocketing.

Those who surpassed the 50-star combat power appeared one after another.

Qin Feng was greatly pleased.

Today, in the regional channels, in the villages of Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang, it is rare to see a 30-star combat power.

As for the 50-star combat power, there is not a single one.

And Longyuan Village has appeared in batches.

This is the background of Longyuan Village!

In fact, Qin Feng did not expect that the future Longyuan Village would be the only hope for the entire Blue Star Realm.

In short, the continuous feedback and rewards made Qin Feng in a good mood.

At the moment, he began to add

Time flies!

After a full quarter of an hour, Longyuan Village went up and down, and all the points were added.

The strength of the entire village has risen by a notch.

At the same time, Qin Feng also finished adding points.

This time, in addition to the 1600 points reward, he also received a lot of attribute feedback rewards.

After accumulatively adding up, his combat power skyrocketed to 687 stars in one fell swoop, which was almost the same as his goal of 700 stars.

Qin Feng is in a good mood!

Then, he opened the task channel to view the task content of the third stage.

Chapter 224 Totem Temple

Soon, Qin Feng saw the content of the third phase of the task.

[The third stage of the task of the god-level village, the difficulty level is B. 】

[Task content 1: Kill the guardian of the totem temple in the human-level realm, and obtain 1000 guardian certificates (level 3)].

[Task content 2: Kill the guardian of the totem temple in the prefecture-level realm and get 30 guardian pass cards (tier 4)]

[Task content three: Enter the Valley of Seven Kills, find the Totem Temple, and trigger the final task content. 】

[Reminder: The Totem Temple hides the heroic spirits of many divine beasts, all of which have been demonized, and are extremely dangerous inside. 】

[Reminder: The two major forces responsible for guarding the Totem Temple are the Cang Clan and the Chi Clan. The headquarters of the two tribes were stationed at the two major entrances of the Seven Kills Valley. 】

[Reminder: The children of the Cang clan and the Qi clan are the guardians of the Totem Temple. 】

[Reminder: Since the activation of this quest, if the children of Longyuan Village kill the children of the Cang clan and the children of the Qi clan, they will be able to reveal their guardian credentials and pass cards]

[Reminder: If the task is not completed within 72 hours, the task will be regarded as a complete failure. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was a little surprised.

"It turns out that the Cang Clan is one of the guardian forces of the Totem Temple. It seems that these guardians not only have the task of dealing with challengers, but also have some special tasks!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He was surprised and happy about this.

Anyway, he and the Cang Clan have already forged a deadly feud, and a fight between the two sides is inevitable.

Sooner or later, he is going to kill the Cang Clan.

This task just gave him the opportunity, it can be said to kill two birds with one stone!

What's even better is that the Cang clan forces should be on their way to commit crimes. Isn't it the one who sent them to the door!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood.

By the way, the Totem Temple is in the Valley of Seven Kills.

Where is the Valley of Seven Kills?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the big world map and checked it.

Soon, he found the location of the Valley of Seven Kills.

Seeing this, he was a little surprised.

The location of Seven Killing Valley is at least 10,000 miles away from Tayue Town.

If he rushes past, even at his speed, he may not be able to arrive in three days and three nights!

The task can be prompted to complete the task within 72 hours, otherwise the task will fail.

Fuck it~!

He didn't even have time to get to the Valley of Seven Kills, so what other tasks would he do?

What's more, to do this task, you must first collect all guardian cards and pass cards.

These two things alone take a lot of time.

In this way, where does he still have time to go to the Totem Temple and do the final task?

How is this going to be played? !

Wouldn't it be a mission bug?

Yes, I can do that...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he had thought of something.

His furrowed brows also stretched open.

"In that way, I might be able to get to the Valley of Seven Kills within a day! If that's the case, then I won't be in a hurry to go to the Valley of Seven Kills, and I'll wait another day for the Cang Clan to see if they will come. "Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"If they come, I will kill them. Take the opportunity to collect guardian cards and pass cards. If they don't come, I will take the initiative to kill them tomorrow morning."

After making up his mind, Qin Feng opened the task channel again.

He wants to see what the quest rewards are.

After a while, he saw the reward introduction at the bottom of the mission information.

[Quest reward: Reward all villagers with an F-level bloodline talent; if there is a bloodline talent, the talent level will be increased by one level, the village head will be increased by two levels, and there are some mysterious rewards. If the bloodline talent level is too high, the reward will be adjusted appropriately. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

good! good!

This reward is so powerful!

From the current point of view, bloodline talent is the most comprehensive for strength improvement.

Even if the F-rank bloodline talent is awakened, strength, agility, physique, and energy will be improved in all aspects.

Even better, bloodline talent is the easiest to evolve among all talents.

As long as the opportunity is sufficient, it is also possible to evolve from an F-level bloodline talent to an S-level bloodline talent.

And the most difficult step is how to obtain a bloodline talent.