Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Even if it is to obtain an F-rank bloodline talent, it is a great opportunity!

If all villagers can obtain the bloodline talent, the overall strength and potential of Longyuan Village will be greatly improved.

That would make the strength of the villagers of Longyuan closer and closer to that of the Great Thousand Humans.

And this task is even better for Qin Feng.

As long as he completes the task, his bloodline talent can rise by 2 levels in a row, and his strength will skyrocket.

"Not bad! Not bad! As expected of a god-level village mission, this is really cultivating a god-level village!"

Qin Feng was extremely satisfied.

Having said that, the strength of Longyuan Village has soared now, and many people have broken the 50-star strength.

With the strength of 50 stars, it is possible to live in Tayue Town.

It's time for him to dispatch some 50-star villagers to be stationed in Tayue Town.

At the same time, he should also focus on cultivating some strong villagers and train them to be the mainstay of Longchengyuan Village.

In the future, if Longyuan Village wants to dominate the world, it will naturally need many capable subordinates.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the chat channel.

At this moment, the chat channel is full of jubilation,

Everyone excitedly chatted about the changes after the village was upgraded.

"Brothers, the 4th-level village is too powerful, and all the 3rd-level life occupations are open."

"Yeah! I just learned a level 3 blacksmith and mastered the refining technique. I can refine level 0 weapons to level 1 and level 1 to level 2."

"Fuck~! It's so awesome! Brother, from today onwards, you are my own brother. How about refining my Tier 2 spear?"

"Uh! Upstairs, my primary refining technique can only refine weapons of level 1, but not level 2!"

"That's it! That's a pity! However, you are already very good. It is estimated that there are only two or three people in our village who can become blacksmiths. Brother, I am optimistic about you, and you will have a bright future in the future!"

"Award! Award! However, I think pharmacists have a brighter future. Level 3 pharmacists have already learned the alchemy technique and can make medicinal pills, which is awesome."

"Upstairs, don't underestimate any life occupation. Tailoring is not bad. A level 3 tailor can strengthen armor, and a level 1 armor can be strengthened to level 2."

"That's right! I've found that this life occupation is getting more and more powerful the further you go! Unfortunately, every life occupation has talent requirements, and the threshold is too high. I can't even learn it if I want to learn it!"

"Yeah! I want to learn too! It's a pity that I don't have the corresponding talent!"

"I envy those villagers who can learn to live and work!"

"Yeah! I envy them so much! If I can master a career in life, I'll be rich."

"Upstairs, don't be envious. There are more than 15,000 people in Longyuan Village, and no more than 50 people can master a life occupation!"

"Tsk tsk! These dozens of people will be very rich in the future!"

At this moment, everyone is envious of those living professionals.

Qin Feng smiled and said nothing when he saw this.

He's all-round talent, almost all-encompassing.

He has learned all three life occupations.

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, have you seen it? The task content of the third stage of the god-level village has appeared."

"Yeah! When you reach the level 4 village, the quest will be activated. I almost forgot about it!"

"I gonna go see!"

"I'm going to have a look too!"

"Haha! I just watched it, and the content of the task actually includes killing the Cang clan's children and obtaining guardian cards and pass cards."

"Isn't that right! I heard that they are going to invade Tayue Town, so they are just throwing themselves into the trap!"

"Haha! That's a good thing! I heard from Miss Qiyue that our challengers can get a lot of benefits by killing the guardians. I really want to go to Tayue Town and start a war with them!"

"I want to go too! I'm afraid the Cang clan's children will not dare to come!"

"By the way, the boss of Tayue Town is currently guarding, right?"

"Yeah! The boss is alone! I want to apply to Tayue Town. I wonder if the boss will approve it?"

"I heard that the resources around Tayue Town are more abundant than the headquarters of Longyuan Village. As long as the boss allows me, I will take the teleportation array right away."

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng's avatar jumped.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I'll make a new move now."

As soon as he appeared, he immediately caused a sensation in the audience.

The crowd cheered.

"The boss has appeared!"

"Wow! Boss, I haven't seen you for a long time!"

"I'm so excited to see the boss!"

"Boss, if you have any orders, just arrange it."

Qin Feng: "From now on, those who are willing to come to Tayue Town to be stationed can take the teleportation array to Tayue Town. I will migrate your wooden houses with one click."

Qin Feng: "If you want to relocate the wooden house, you need to arrive at the destination before you can operate. Of course, not everyone can come to Tayue Town. Only those with a combat power of 50 stars or more can come."

As soon as these words fell, the channel cheered.

"Wow! Great! I've wanted to go to Tayue Town for a long time!"

"Haha, me too!"

"Boss, I'll go to Tayue Town right away!"

"Woo! Boss, my 49-star combat power is only one star away, can I go?"

"Upstairs, 49 stars definitely won't work, not qualified!"

"Haha! I'm just 50 stars, I can pass!"

At this moment, the channel is full of jubilation.

Everyone was very enthusiastic.

Qin Feng was very relieved to see it.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As long as these people are stationed in Tayue Town, Tayue Town will be more stable, and the sphere of influence of Longyuan Village will be officially expanded to Tayue Town.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, if the strength does not meet the standard and cannot go to Tayue Town, continue to work hard. As long as the combat power reaches 50 stars or more, you can go to Tayue Town."

Qin Feng: "This arrangement is also because the fierce beasts around Tayue Town are mostly in the twenties and thirties. If you don't have a strength of 50 stars or more, it is difficult for you to survive."

Qin Feng: "In addition, the promotion of Longyuan Village to level 5 should also be carried out simultaneously. Regarding the conditions for upgrading to level 5, I will announce it in a short while."

Qin Feng: "In addition, there is a problem of resource scheduling needed to upgrade the village. I now authorize the elder Qishan to make unified scheduling in the future."

As soon as these words fell, Elder Qishan quickly appeared.

Qishan: "Master, this old man is frightened, afraid that things won't go well."

Qin Feng: "I have my own reasons for this arrangement. In the future, you will be in charge of the logistics scheduling of Longyuan Village."

Qishan was frightened: "Yes, Master!"

Qin Feng: "Qishan, you will report to me once a day about the progress of the village's upgrading in the future."

Qishan: "Yes, Master!"

At the moment, Qin Feng ordered a few more words, and after publishing the upgrade requirements for the 5th-level village, he quit the chat channel.

As soon as he left, Longyuan Village suddenly became active again.

Those with combat power above 50 stars all sat in the teleportation array and rushed to Tayue Town.

After Qishan received Qin Feng's heavy responsibility, he also began to take stock of the exchange resources of Longyuan Village.

He was calculating how to arrange to make the upgrade progress of Longyuan Village faster...

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the room.

After Qin Feng arranged the trivial matters, he closed the Tiandao light screen.

"There is one more important thing to do!"

Qin Feng muttered, turned into white light, and disappeared into the room.

It is daytime now, and the Temple of Vientiane appears again.

There are also six branch villages in Longyuan Village, and no teleportation formation has been established.

He is going to take the universal teleportation array to the six villages to establish a teleportation array.

As long as those teleportation formations are established, all the branch forces of Longyuan Village will be connected into a whole.

As soon as he left the zero-degree space, Qin Feng returned to his wooden house.

The next second, he used one key to return, and he appeared at the bottom of Tongtian Lake...

At the same moment, two figures appeared in the sky above a mountain forest, thousands of miles away from Tayue Town.

That is Bai Qiong and Feng Qi from afar.

Both of them are known for their speed, and they have long left the Cang clan army far behind.

After all, in terms of speed, they can be compared to the sixth-level powerhouse.

At this moment, Feng Qi is looking in the direction of Tayue Town.

"Brother Baiqiong, at the speed of the two of us, we should be able to reach Tayue Town in three hours."

Bai Qiong nodded slightly: "Let's go! Try to get to Tayue Town as soon as possible! The old man has always been curious, why does the teleportation array in Tayue Town fail?"

Feng Xi smiled slightly: "I'm curious too! Let's go!"

At the moment, the two of them flashed, and they continued to rush towards Tayue Town.

Chapter 225 S-Class Reincarnation Talent

But it was said that after Qin Feng arrived at Tongtian Lake, he soon went to the Temple of Vientiane.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

Within an hour, he completed the construction of six teleportation formations.

The villagers in the branch villages all cheered.

Some villagers with some backward levels took the teleportation array on the spot and rushed to the headquarters of Longyuan Village to participate in the vigorous upgrade.

At this point, all the branches of Longyuan Village have been linked together and become a monolith, and the overall strength has increased invisibly.

At this moment, the sky above Tayue Town.

Qin Feng looked down at the whole town.

The wooden houses below are neatly arranged, with more than 400 houses, all of which are third- and fourth-grade wooden houses.

The scale of the town has taken initial shape, and it has already taken shape.

Looking around the town, there were many busy figures in a radius of dozens of miles.

Some are killing monsters, and some are looking for spirit grass.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

It seems that everyone is very adaptable to the new environment!

It turned out that after Qin Feng issued the order, more than 400 villagers came to station in the major branches of Longyuan Village one after another.

All of these villagers are all 50-star combat power or above.

Most of the levels are above level 12.

Among them, there are more than a dozen people with a combat power of more than 70 stars.