Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Having said that, the combat power of the Cang clan's children ranges from 50 to 70 stars.

These villagers are completely comparable to the Cang clan's children!

Of course, there are only more than 400 villagers in Longyuan Village.

However, Longyuan Village is making rapid progress, and more and more villagers are destined to reach 50 stars.

Qin Feng is very optimistic about the future of Longyuan Village.

Thinking of this, he was about to fall from the sky.

But at this moment, the space beside him was distorted, and a divine bird covered in golden flames burst out.

Xiao Huoluan came out of the zero-degree space.

When he saw the little guy, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy.

I saw that Xiao Huoluan's momentum was different again, and the combat power had been raised to 361 stars, which had skyrocketed by a lot.

It turns out that one hour has passed in the outside world, and three hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

In the past three hours, Xiao Huoluan had finished the medicine pill given by Qin Feng.

It is because of the power of the medicine pill that its strength has soared.

"Guji! Guji!"

At this moment, the little guy was very happy when he saw Qin Feng.

It circled in the air, put away the flame, reduced it to the size of a slap, and landed on Qin Feng's shoulder.

Qin Feng fondly touched its little head and pointed to a certain direction in the west.

"Little Luan'er, you go in this direction, go to the land of a hundred miles to kill monsters and upgrade. If you see a human passing in this direction, let me know immediately!"

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan nodded obediently, full of spirituality.

"Go!"

Qin Feng fondly touched its little head.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan called out reluctantly and flew in which direction.

Qin Feng looked at its distant back and breathed a sigh of relief.

He secretly thought about which position Xiao Huoluan was guarding, and he should be able to know immediately when the Cang clan attacked.

It turned out that Qin Feng had the land deed card of the Cangtu Ministry, so he knew the location of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

If the Cang people came from the Cangtu Department, they must have come from the west, so he sent Xiao Huoluan to guard which direction.

With Xiao Huoluan's strength, if he encounters a strong enemy, even if he can't beat him, he can use his spatial talent to escape.

This arrangement is very appropriate!

Qin Feng was satisfied and fell from the air.

As soon as he landed on the square, he put away the wings of the wind.

Liu Xuan and others, who had been waiting below for a long time, came forward to greet them one after another.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

Qin Feng looked at the seven people in front of him, namely Qiyun, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Wu Yong, Longshan, Liu Yuan, and Gu Ming.

These seven people are either his servants, or the people who followed him first, and they are all excellent, and all of them have broken 70-star combat power.

Among them, Liu Xuan broke the 80-star level and reached level 13.

"Seven, starting from today, I will focus on cultivating you. After all, if Longyuan Village wants to dominate the world, it cannot rely on me alone, but also needs several generals who stand alone!"

Qin Feng said these words lightly.

"Thank you master for cultivating!"

"Boss, we will definitely follow you to the death!"

Liu Xuan and others were overjoyed and showed their loyalty.

"No more gossip, these elixir, you take them!"

Qin Feng took out seven jade bottles and threw them to seven people.

Liu Xuan and others took the jade bottle and checked them one after another.

I saw that there were ten Huangjing Dan, ten Fuling Dan, ten Daigo Dan, and five Fengyuan Dan in the bottle.

Because of the limited number of Feng Yuandan, each person can only get five.

"Boss, what are these pills?"

Liu Xuan asked curiously.

Qin Feng said casually: "These four kinds of elixir have their own characteristics. After taking them, they can all increase your attributes."

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan and the others exclaimed.

"Wow! It's actually an elixir that can increase attributes!"

"My God! Pills that can increase properties are extremely precious."

"Boss, you are really willing!"

"Thank you boss!"

"Thank you master!"

After everyone was surprised, they thanked them.

They are also sincerely grateful to Qin Feng.

With such a boss taking care of them, they are more willing to work for Longyuan Village and become more loyal to Qin Feng.

"It's an eventful season now. It won't be long before someone from the Cang Clan will attack. You guys, hurry up and refine the pills!"

"Boss, we're going to refine the pills now!"

At the moment, Liu Xuan and the others took the medicinal pills and left happily one by one.

Qin Feng looked at the backs of the seven people with anticipation.

The talents and potential of these seven people are very good, and they are all materials that can be created.

For Qin Feng, those medicinal pills are useless, he has taken them to the upper limit, just to train these seven people and create seven talents for Longyuan Village.

Besides, if Liu Xuan and the others break through to a hundred stars as soon as possible, they can also give him a lot of attributes.

Break through 30 stars and give back 10 attributes.

Break through 50 stars and feed back 20 attributes

Break through 100 stars and give back 30 attributes

"Finally, these trivial matters have been dealt with, and it is time to deal with my own affairs."

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, then turned and left.

A quarter of an hour later, in zero-degree space, inside the room.

At this time, Qin Feng is adding some points to himself.

This time, he built six teleportation formations and received another 1200 attribute rewards.

After a while, he finished adding points, his combat power reached 706 stars, and finally passed the threshold of 700 stars.

Finally up to the standard!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

With his current combat power, he should be able to pass the divine qualification review.

However, it is one thing to pass the qualification review, and another to pass the assessment.

The pass rate of the divine grade assessment is one tenth.

If you pass the first test, there will be even fewer people who have won the first-class god-level foundation building.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is not in a hurry to go to the Holy Martial Hall.

Then again, he had another thing to deal with.

Thinking of this, he took out a mysterious black seal from the storage ring, which was the dark divine seal.

This thing is a strange thing that only a judge can refine!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped to the divine seal.

He wants to see, what is the use of this divine seal?

Om~!

Essence and blood dripped in, and the divine seal aura was released.

Then, the divine seal turned into a ball of golden light, poured into his eyebrows, and disappeared...

At that moment, Qin Feng felt inexplicably that the dark seal was integrated into his soul.

Weird!

What exactly is going on?

Qin Feng was a little uneasy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The Dark God Seal has been integrated into your soul, and your dark talent ability is doubled. 】

not bad!

His dark talent is already A-level.

If it is doubled, it is considered strong among A-level talents.

However, this effect seems to be of little benefit!

This thought only came up, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Get the Divine Seal of Light and integrate it into the depths of your soul. When light and darkness meet, you can get the seal of reincarnation. 】

[Reminder: Once the Divine Seal of Reincarnation is 10%, you can awaken the S-level talent—the Reincarnation talent. 】

[Reminder: The Divine Seal of Light can be obtained from the Light Alienator! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked, and his eyes were ecstatic.

It turns out that this dark seal can help him obtain an S-level talent!

S-class talent!

He has always asked for it.

If he can master an S-rank talent, then the chance of obtaining a high-level divine grade foundation building will definitely be much greater.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

However, if he wants to obtain the talent of reincarnation, he still needs to obtain the Divine Seal of Light.

And the Divine Seal of Light is to be obtained from the Light Alienator.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But where are the bright aliens?

This made Qin Feng a little clueless.

By the way, the dark alienation is the alienation of the dark messenger.

Did the light alienation come from the alienation of the light messenger?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up when he thought of the messenger of light.

Then, he took out a mission token from the storage ring.