Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

That's a C-level mission order!

Last time, he also got a C-level mission opportunity in addition to an S-level mission opportunity in the Tianji Temple.

And to obtain this C-level mission opportunity, the token submitted is the Light Bracers, which are the relics of the Light Messenger.

So, will this C-level mission be related to the Light Alienator?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng thinks it is very possible.

At the moment, he is ready to activate the task order and see the specific task content

Chapter 226: Alchemy Avenue, a powerful enemy is coming!

Om~!

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, the task order in his hand was activated, and a dazzling white light lit up.

After a while, the mission order disappeared out of thin air.

He also sounded ~ Tiandao's reminder in his mind.

[Reminder: The task order is successfully activated, and you have obtained a C-level personal task - Light Purification (indefinite). 】

[Task content: Go to the Sunshine Canyon, find the Bright Remnant Hall, and purify the evil light alienation inside. 】

[Reminder: The light alienated person is formed by the evil transformation of the light messenger, and the strength is extremely powerful, go carefully! 】

[Reminder: There is an unexpected secret hidden behind this bright alienator, which has a 1% chance to trigger. 】

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng was surprised.

This mission really kills the 'Light Alienator'!

In this way, he has a goal and knows where to get the 'Bright Divine Seal'.

As long as he gets the Divine Seal of Light, he can get the S-level talent - the reincarnation talent.

S-class talent!

In the heavens and the worlds, it is difficult for billions of people to make one.

As long as you get it, it is almost certain that you will become a super-powerful one in a billion.

If he gets the S-rank reincarnation talent, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

This opportunity was completely tailor-made for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

By the way, the last piece of quest information actually reminds that there is an unexpected secret hidden behind the bright alienator, and there is a 1% chance to trigger it.

I don't know, what's the secret?

Forget it, don't want that much anymore.

Wait until you find the Hall of Remnants of Light, and then trigger it.

If you are lucky, you might be able to trigger success.

Thinking about it now is pointless.

By the way, the location of the Guangming Remnant Hall is in the Sunlight Canyon.

Where is Sunshine Canyon?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the Tiandao light screen and called up the world map.

Soon, he found the location of Sunlight Canyon.

The Sunlight Canyon was actually near the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

Qin Feng was happy, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

He was going to go to the Cangtu Ministry.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This time is just right. When I went to the Cangtu Department, I stopped by the Sunlight Canyon to have a look, and completed this bright purification task.

When he gets the talent of reincarnation, he will go to the Totem Temple to do the final task of the third stage. All arrangements are very reasonable.

However, he has no time to go to the Cangtu Ministry now.

He wants to wait for the rabbits and defeat the first wave of the Cang clan's attack first.

After the crisis is resolved, he will go to the Cang Soil Ministry.

"The trivial matters are almost done, now it's time to deal with the last item."

Qin Feng closed the task channel with satisfaction and switched to the life and occupation channel.

I saw that the interface of the channel has undergone a lot of changes.

Below the three major life occupations, there is an additional level 3 occupational skill.

As long as you learn the level 3 professional skills, it means you have upgraded your profession.

Qin Feng first aimed at the profession of blacksmith and tailor.

The blacksmith has an additional level 3 skill "Weapon Refinement", and the tailor has a level 3 skill "Armor Enhancement".

Learning these two professional skills requires not only talent, but also 2000 contribution points.

Qin Feng did not hesitate at all, and directly spent 4,000 contribution points to learn these two professional skills.

In fact, many life professionals in Longyuan Village have not yet reached level 3, but they are stuck on insufficient contribution points.

And Qin Feng is so rich that he is not short of money at all.

In addition to taking medicinal pills last night, he also handled hundreds of thousands of novice knives, earning more than 500,000 contribution points, and the money was too much to spend.

In addition, he has opened up the automatic acquisition of novice knives in the world trading channel.

Today, there are more than 3,000 villages above level 1 on the World Trading Channel, and the number of novice short swords in them is extremely large, theoretically more than 300 million.

Today, almost every second, more than a dozen novice short knives flow into Qin Feng's hands.

Qin Feng changed his hands to withdraw it, and then donated it, earning a lot of money.

With such a plug-in, he doesn't have to worry about running out of money.

The only worry is that he is so busy that he needs to squeeze some time out to make some money by the way.

Fortunately, in the zero-degree space, there is Qiyue's time force field, which saves him a lot of time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the professional skills of the third-level pharmacist.

[Alchemy: Level 3 Pharmacist Skill]

[Learning premise: Master the wood-type talent and consume 2000 contribution points. 】

"This is what I want to learn the most..."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and pressed a button to learn.

[Reminder: Congratulations, you have learned the alchemy technique, and you will be automatically promoted to level 3 pharmacist]

It worked!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Among the three major life occupations, the most potential is the pharmacist, and the future status is also the highest.

Because pharmacists can refine pills, it can bring great benefits to the entire force.

However, training a pharmacist is too expensive.

It takes a lot of spirit herbs to cultivate a powerful pharmacist.

And Qin Feng has a lot of spirit grass in his hands, and there is a fifth-order alchemy furnace.

It would be a pity if he didn't learn alchemy.

What's more, if he can refine a large number of first-order and second-order spiritual pills, he can also speed up the improvement of his own strength, which is a great shortcut to improve his strength.

Because of this, he decided to refine a batch of medicinal pills before the Cang clan forces arrived to improve the strength of himself and his subordinates.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his 'Pharmacist Profession' interface and checked his alchemy skills.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Alchemy]: Elementary

[proficiency]: 0/100

[Reminder: For primary alchemy, the success rate of alchemy is 10%. 】

[Reminder: Every time you refine a Tier 1 elixir, you can get 1 proficiency. When the proficiency reaches 100/100, it can be promoted to intermediate level alchemy, and so on. 】

[Intermediate alchemy: 20% success rate of alchemy]

[Advanced alchemy: 50% success rate of alchemy]

[Top alchemy technique: 80% success rate of alchemy]

[God-level alchemy: the success rate of alchemy is 100%]

Gee! Gee!

It is really difficult to train an alchemist!

A junior alchemist, the success rate is only 10%, it is simply a big pit, and it is definitely a loser.

Intermediate level alchemists should barely be able to keep their capital!

Only a high-level alchemist can say that you can make a profit without losing money.

Qin Feng didn't worry too much, and purchased two Tier 1 alchemy furnaces directly in the professional channel.

[Tier 1 Alchemy Furnace: The chance of becoming a pill is increased by 10%. 】

After buying the pill furnace, Qin Feng bought a few Tier 1 pill cards in the professional channel.

After a drop of blood recognized those pill formula cards, he mastered the formulas and refining methods of several Tier 1 pills.

Then, he took out thousands of spirit grasses and summoned two phantom clones.

Immediately afterwards, the two avatars, one for each of the alchemy furnaces, began to set fire to alchemy.

Qin Feng also summoned the dragon and phoenix polar furnace.

[Dragon and Phoenix Polar Furnace: Fifth-order alchemy furnace, the success rate of alchemy is increased by 2 times, the efficacy of medicine is increased by +100%, the time of alchemy is reduced by +100%, and the fire element is immune. 】

With the help of this alchemy furnace, Qin Feng's primary alchemy technique has a success rate of 30%, which is stronger than intermediate alchemy techniques.

This is the benefit of the fifth-order pill furnace.

At the moment, Qin Feng sat cross-legged, opened the pill furnace, put a few first-order spirit grass into it, and started to make a fire to make pills.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

puff~!

A soft sound came from the Longfeng polar furnace!

Then, a burnt smell overflowed from the pill furnace and filled the entire room.

[You failed to refine Tier 1 Qi and Blood Pills, you got three waste pills, +1 proficiency point]

00

Failed!

Qin Feng was not surprised.

He even opened the pill furnace, took out a waste pill, and the palm of his hand lit up with white light...

【Endless extraction success! The waste elixir is extracted by you to clean the impurities, and it becomes a first-order 'inferior qi and blood elixir'. 】

Qin Feng smiled and was in a good mood instantly.

Now, does he count as a failure of alchemy, or a success in alchemy?

Qin Feng didn't think much, and continued to extract the remaining two waste pills into inferior Qi and blood pills.