Playvolume00:00/01:33
Truvid
fullScreen

Low-quality Qi and Blood Pills, which are also Tier 1 Spirit Pills, are of great value. Donating them is also hundreds of contribution points, which is much higher than the value of the spirit grass invested.

In other words, Qin Feng failed in alchemy for the first time, but still made a lot of money.

With endless extractions, he even began to go against the sky with alchemy.

Thinking of this, he was delighted and continued to refine the Qi and Blood Pill.

As for the three inferior qi and blood pills, they were slightly inferior in quality, and he planned to give them to Liu Xuan and other subordinates.

If he wants to take it, he naturally wants to refine it.

In a blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed

A soft sound came from the dragon and phoenix polar furnace again!

[You failed to refine Tier 1 Qi and Blood Pills, you got three waste pills, +1 proficiency point]

Failed again!

Qin Feng didn't care, took out three waste pills, and continued to extract inferior Qi and blood pills...

0

Poof~! Poof~!

It was at this time that the alchemy of the two clones also came to fruition, and they all failed.

[Your avatar failed to refine the 1st-order Shengxu Dan, and got a furnace of residue, +1 proficiency]

[Your avatar failed to refine the 1st-order life-continuing pill, and got 2 waste pills, +1 proficiency point]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he looked up at the two avatars with joy in his eyes.

Great!

Everything is as he expected, and the alchemy of clones can also increase his proficiency.

In this way, his alchemy skills will soon be upgraded to the intermediate level.

As for Shengxu Pill, it was a healing pill, and it was the cheapest pill among Tier 1 elixir.

Even if he was made into a scum by the clone, he would not feel bad.

Because of this, he let the two avatars refine the life-continuing pill.

What's more, this time the two clones also harvested two waste pills.

At the moment, I saw one of the clones, took out the waste pill, and refined it into a low-quality Shengxu pill.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was very happy.

Practicing this alchemy technique is a sure-fire business for him.

According to this development, it is only a matter of time before he becomes a god-level alchemist in the future.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng continued to concoct pills and increase his proficiency

In this way, Qin Feng and the two clones devoted themselves to alchemy.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

His proficiency skyrocketed.

Even with repeated failures, his gains have been skyrocketing.

If other alchemists see this scene, they will only go crazy with envy

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng and the two clones spent six hours refining pills.

The zero-degree space is six hours, and the outside world only passes; two hours.

At this moment, the outside world has reached noon.

In a jungle two hundred kilometers away from Tayue Town.

On a big tree, a divine bird about a foot long in length, shaped like a miniature phoenix, was standing on the branch of the tree, pecking at a red spiritual fruit.

It is Qin Feng's pet, Xiao Huoluan.

At this moment, the little guy put away his fighting state and was enjoying his spiritual fruit beautifully, with happiness in his eyes.

This spirit fruit is so delicious!

Suddenly, there were two rapid piercing sounds in the distance.

Xiao Huoluan was alert, and quickly swallowed the spirit fruit in one gulp, then followed the sound.

Looking at it, it saw two human beings, rushing towards it...

Those two are Bai Qiong and Feng Qi who came from afar

Chapter 227 Cut off the back road and fight!

Humanity!

It is a human being of the earth-level realm!

It has to tell the owner quickly.

Xiao Huoluan could see the realm of Bai Qiong and the two at a glance.

At the moment, it quickly restrained its momentum and quietly hid behind the leaves.

This little guy has an innate ability, that is, he can change the size of his body and hide his breath.

Once this is hidden, it uses telepathy to contact Qin Feng who is hundreds of miles away...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng and the two avatars are doing their best to concoct pills.

At this moment, the tops of the three pill furnaces in the field are filled with smoke.

Suddenly, a stream of Dan Xiang floated out from one of the Dan furnaces.

Immediately after the second and third pill furnaces, Dan incense also wafted out one after another...

[Your avatar refines the 1st-level life-sustaining pill, and gets 3 life-sustaining pills, +2 points of proficiency]

[Your avatar refines the first-order result of Dancheng, and gets 3 bone-setting pills, +2 proficiency]

[You refine Tier 1 Qi and Blood Pills, get 3 Qi and Blood Pills, +2 proficiency]

【Your proficiency is full! Congratulations on your promotion of alchemy to the intermediate level, the success rate of alchemy has reached 20%. 】

good! good!

Alchemy has finally risen to the intermediate level.

So far, he is an intermediate alchemist.

Among the professions of pharmacists, alchemy is the most popular.

Alchemy is a primary level, that is, a primary alchemist.

A person who has reached the intermediate level of alchemy is an intermediate alchemist.

In just a few hours, he was promoted to an intermediate alchemist.

Qin Feng was very satisfied with this result.

Then, he opened the pill furnace and took out the three Qi and Blood pills inside.

The three Qi and Blood Pills are rosy and full, with their own streamers, which are obviously better than ordinary Qi and Blood Pills.

[Qi and Blood Pill: Level 1 elixir, after taking it, it can improve a certain physique and vigor. 】

[Reminder: The upper limit of taking Qixue Dan is ten. 】

This time, he and the two clones spent six hours concocting pills and gained a lot.

Light Qi and Blood Pill refined more than one hundred pieces.

In addition, the Shengxu Pill and the Bone Pill have accumulated as many as one hundred pills.

However, among the three medicinal pills, only Qi and Blood Pills can enhance properties.

Now that his alchemy technique has been upgraded, he can relax and enjoy the Qi and Blood Pill.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to swallow the Qi and Blood Pill.

It was at this moment that he sensed Xiao Huoluan's spiritual call.

As soon as his mind moved, he launched perspective sharing,

The next second, he connected to Xiao Luan'er's perspective and saw a new picture.

In the picture, the scorching sun hangs high.

He hid behind the leaves and peeked into the distance.

I saw that in that direction, two old men were rushing in this direction.

One of them, he also knew, was the wind that escaped last time.

Another old man in white, with white hair and beard, has an extraordinary aura.

Looking at the speed of these two people, they have reached the level of the sixth heaven.

"Guji! Guji!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's cry sounded in Qin Feng's mind.

It was the cry of spiritual thought.

In the state of shared perspective, the world perceived by Xiao Luaner's five senses, such as hearing, vision, and touch, is exactly the same as what Qin Feng perceives.

At the same time, the two sides can also exchange ideas.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er means, do you want it to take action and destroy the wind and breath.

"Little guy, don't act rashly! The speed of these two people has reached the sixth level. Even if you can beat them, you can't necessarily kill them. As long as they run away, you can't deal with them."

"That's like returning the tiger to the mountain! This time, I want them to come and go, and I can't give them any chance to escape."

"Guji! Guji!"

One person and one pet had a secret exchange.

Swish~! Swish~!

After a while, Fengxi and Bai Qiong arrived near the big tree where Xiao Huoluan was hiding, but only a few hundred meters away.

At this time, Qin Feng discerned through Xiao Huoluan's feeling that Bai Qiong's aura had reached the level of the peak of the fifth heaven.

With such a powerful strength, Xiao Huoluan is not afraid, but it is almost impossible to kill Bai Qiong.

It seems that this matter must be his shot!

At the same time, the two of them got closer.

The two were talking while on the road.

"Brother Bai Qiong, in half an hour, we will be able to arrive at Tayue Town. Soon, we will know why the teleportation array in Tayue Town has failed?"

While rushing on the road, Feng Xi looked in the direction of Tayue Town from afar.

Bai Qiong nodded: "Yes! This matter needs to be clarified as soon as possible. Elder Gu is still waiting for our news!"

Fengxi muttered: "With the marching speed of Old Gu's 3,000 army, I'm afraid that it will take tomorrow morning to arrive at Tayue Town. I waited for it to arrive at this time, it was already extremely fast."

Not far away, Qin Feng eavesdropped on this, and was secretly happy.

He stumbled upon a useful piece of information.

The Cang Clan is aggressive this time!

Three thousand troops were dispatched!

The time to arrive should be tomorrow morning.

"Brother Fengxi, you said that the young challenger you met on Tongtian Lake last time really has the strength of the fifth-layer peak?"

"Yes! Brother, what's wrong?"

"Brother Fengxi, it's not in the clan right now, it's just you and me. Tell the truth. Are you exaggerating that person's strength?"