Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fengxi frowned: "Brother, do you think you are covering up your shame for the last defeat and deliberately exaggerating that person's strength?"

"Haha! The old man just asked casually, brother, don't mind!"

Fengxi was unhappy: "Brother, I knew you would think that way. In fact, speaking psychologically, the old man always felt that he might underestimate that kid. Maybe, that kid is not the peak of the fifth level, but the sixth level. Strength."

The corner of Bai Qiong's mouth twitched: "How is this possible?! It's still a novice assessment period, and it would be a miracle to be able to reach the peak of the fifth-level heaven. If it is said that the sixth-level heaven can be achieved, the old man wouldn't believe it."

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "Brother, let me tell you the truth, don't say that you don't believe it, and Feng can't believe it either. Look at that kid's strength, hey...!"

The wind still had lingering fears when he thought of the picture from that day.

From the beginning to the end, Bai Qiong didn't take Qin Feng seriously.

He always felt that all this was deliberately exaggerated by Feng Qi.

Maybe, that challenger is only the strength of the fourth layer of heaven, not even the fifth layer of heaven.

At the moment, Bai Qiong said indifferently: "Brother Fengxi, don't worry. Even if that person has the strength of the sixth-level heaven, he will have to die this time! Old Gu is a super powerhouse of the seventh-level heaven."

"With the help of his old man, plus more than a dozen earth-level powerhouses, and three thousand troops to help, even if that person is a seventh-level powerhouse, he will have to die!"

Bai Qiong's tone was full of confidence.

Feng Qi also nodded again and again: "This is the truth!"

The two were on their way while chatting, and soon passed by Xiao Huoluan's hiding place, and rushed to Tayue Town without looking back.

3.7 They did not find the existence of Xiao Huoluan.

It can be seen that Xiao Huoluan's method of concealment is not simple.

When Bai Qiong and the others were far away, Qin Feng gave Xiao Huoluan an order.

"Little guy, follow these two people far behind, and cut off their retreat. Remember! Don't get too close, so as not to be discovered by them. I'll go head-to-head to meet the enemy right away!"

"Guji! Guji!"

After this command, Qin Feng ended the visual sharing.

Xiao Huoluan flew up and hung far behind Bai Qiong.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng put away the medicine pill in his hand.

Afterwards, he waved again and took the two clones into his body.

After doing this, he turned into a white light and disappeared into the room.

He must get rid of the two Bai Qiong as soon as possible!

Nowadays, around Tayue Town, there are many villagers of Longyuan active.

Those villagers couldn't resist Bai Qiong

Chapter 228: Knife spike, continuous harvest!

A few minutes later, Qin Feng appeared outside Tayue Town.

At this moment, he was looking in a certain direction to the west.

Because Xiao Huoluan was secretly following him, he was able to find the exact location of the two of them.

The two of them were in that direction.

"Listening to the conversation of those two, the strength sent by the Cang Clan this time is not small! That old Gu is actually a seventh-level heavenly powerhouse!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little worried.

According to the wind and breath, even if the seventh-layered powerhouse encounters their army, they will have to lose their skin.

With Qin Feng's current strength, I really dare not say that he can defeat the large army led by Old Gu.

It might be a lose-lose!

This is not what Qin Feng wanted!

I don't want to think so much, first kill the two people in front of me, solve one of them, and never let these two escape.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he rushed towards the location of Fengxi and the two.

At the same time, the two of them were also heading towards Tayue Town.

The two sides are facing each other and approaching at a very fast speed.

A quarter of an hour later, somewhere in the forest, the two figures of Fengxi appeared.

At this moment, the two stopped and looked at the direction of Tayue Town from a distance, and they could vaguely see the shadow of Tayue Town.

"Brother Baiqiong, we will be there in at most half an hour."

The wind breathed a sigh of relief.

They have been rushing non-stop until now, which is really exhausting.

If there is a teleportation array, it doesn't have to be so troublesome

Bai Qiong also smiled: "Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two would continue to set off.

But at this moment, there was a rapid air breaking sound from the jungle ahead, rushing towards their location.

The two were startled and stopped involuntarily.

After a while, a slender and tall figure appeared on the spot.

The person here is Qin Feng!

"It's you!"

When Feng Xi saw Qin Feng, his face changed greatly, and he involuntarily took a step back.

Seeing this, Bai Qiong was surprised, thinking that Qin Feng was a powerful character, and hurriedly looked at Qin Feng.

【Human】: Challenger

【Boundary】: Human level

[Level]: Level 19

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: ? ? ?

[Origin]: This year's challenger comes from a small world.

After reading the information, Bai Qiong was stunned.

what happened?

A human who is only level 19, and his realm is only human level.

Why is Brother Fengxi reacting so badly?

Having said that, this kid is a real challenger!

As soon as he saw the information that Qin Feng was a challenger, Bai Qiong's eyes lit up and his heart was hot.

According to the rules of heaven, their guardians kill challengers, and they will gain huge benefits.

I wonder how much benefit this level 19 human can provide him?

With this in mind, he wanted to take action against Qin Feng.

However, to be cautious, he still asked Feng Xi.

"Brother Feng's Breath, do you know this challenger?"

At this moment, Feng Xi is looking at Qin Feng with a look of horror.

When asked, he hurriedly said, "Brother Bai Qiong! This guy is the murderer of Cang Yuan and several others!"

"what?!"

Bai Qiong was shocked.

Their Cang clan came here to kill Cang Yuan's murderer.

It turned out that the murderer was the young man in front of him.

what! its not right!

This young talent is level 19, and is at the human level.

How could he possibly kill Cangyuan, who was an Earth-level fourth-level heaven?

"Brother Fengxi! What are you kidding? This kid is only level 19, and he's only at the human level. How could he kill Cangaki!"

"what?!"

Feng Xi was stunned for a moment, and quickly looked away at Qin Feng.

Seeing this, he was dumbfounded!

This kid is really only a 19th-level human being, and with such strength, I am afraid that even the ordinary children of the Cang clan cannot be killed.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Generally speaking, a 19th-level Xiaoqian world human has a combat power of only about 50 stars.

How could he kill the powerhouse of the Fourth Heaven?

The wind is completely stunned!

On the other hand, Qin Feng was impatient when he saw these two people muttering constantly.

He took out the Dark Night Sword at will!

When Bai Qiong saw Qin Feng take out his weapon, his eyes showed disdain.

"Good boy! When I saw our two great powerhouses, they didn't run away, but took out their weapons. What a fool! If so, this old man will fulfill you!"

As soon as the voice fell, Bai Qiong was about to shoot.

"Brother Bai Qiong, this kid..."

Fengxi also wanted to remind that Bai Qiong was impatient.

"Brother Fengxi, don't need to say more, let's see how the old man smashes this kid with one punch!"

As soon as the words fell, he dodged and slaughtered towards Qin Feng.

Swish~!

When he rushed out, he was full of momentum!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the energy of heaven and earth in a radius of dozens of miles poured into his body frantically.

In the blink of an eye, he rushed over Qin Feng's head.

At this moment, he has also controlled the power of heaven and earth, and his momentum has soared to 590 stars, reaching the peak of the fifth heaven.

This Bai Qiong is also a treacherous person!

Although he disliked Qin Feng, Feng Qi's performance made him keep an eye on it.

In this shot, he went all out and did not hold back at all.

It doesn't matter if Qin Feng is only level 19.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom~!

Bai Qiong threw a punch and slammed into Qin Feng.

At this moment, his fist lit up with a dazzling golden light!

In a blink of an eye, the flesh fist turned into a giant fist of golden light, the whole body was golden, like pouring gold, and the light was bright for a hundred miles.

Ka~cha~cha~!

Where the huge golden fist passed, the space shattered inch by inch, and its power destroyed the sky and the earth.