Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

That is Bai Qiong's strongest skill - the Great Sunlight Fist.

He wants to blast Qin Feng with one punch.

Don't give Qin Feng any chance to fight back!

The wind on the side was also secretly surprised.

He recognized at a glance that what Bai Qiong sent was his strongest blow.

It seems that the old man did not take it lightly!

Brother's Great Sunlight Fist is invincible!

Only when this idea came up, Qin Feng took action.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Welcome to the Great Sun Fist!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng slashed the big sunshine fist with one knife, and even split Bai Qiong into two halves.

That Bai Qiong didn't even have time to let out a scream, and died on the spot.

The next second, a dazzling white light flew from his body and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Killing the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +427 attributes and +2.03 million energy points. 】

[Kill the guardian (prefecture-level realm) successfully, and get a guardian pass card, which has been automatically submitted to the task channel. The current pass card collection progress is 1/30. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, killing an earth-level guardian is so cool!

The guardian card required for the mission has also been obtained.

Boom~!

On the other side, Feng Xi was stunned when he saw this scene.

The next second, he roared, turned and fled.

At that moment, he unfolded his wings of wind and soared into the sky, trying to escape from the air.

OMG!

Who was this kid from last time!

He was right!

Until this moment, he didn't know that the murderer who killed Cangyuan was only at the human level.

He must bring this astonishing news back to Elder Gu.

Boo~!

At this moment, above the sky, a phoenix roar suddenly sounded!

Then, the wind blows!

As soon as the wind was shocked, he looked up quickly, and saw a divine bird with a body of about 10 feet long, with golden flame burning all over its body, slaughtering fiercely towards him.

That is the little fire luan that has been in ambush for a long time!

"roll!"

Seeing Huo Luan blocking the way, the wind was in a hurry, and he punched Xiao Huo Luan with a punch.

Xiao Huoluan also patted it with a claw.

In the blink of an eye, fists and claws meet!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The world is shaking!

Within a radius of dozens of miles, many Longyuan villagers were shocked and looked at the direction of the explosion in astonishment.

The next second, Feng Qi roared miserably, vomited blood and flew out!

He was blown away by Xiao Huoluan's claw.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

At the same moment, Qin Feng dodged, rose into the sky, and slashed at the wind that flew upside down.

Swish~!

Kacha~!

A burst of blood splashed!

A mournful roar echoed over the jungle!

In the next second, Fengxi's corpse flew out two white lights, rushing towards Qin Feng and Xiao Huoluan respectively.

[Kill the guardian (prefecture-level realm) successfully, you get +237 attributes, and your pet gets +97 attributes]

[Kill the guardian (earth-level realm) successfully, you get +1.21 million energy value, and your pet gets +640,000 energy value. 】

[Kill the guardian (prefecture-level realm) successfully, get a guardian pass card, which has been automatically submitted to the task channel, the current pass card collection progress is 2/30. 】

This wind is calculated by Qin Feng and Xiao Huoluan to kill together, and Tiandao automatically allocates energy and attributes.

After this allocation, the upgrade white light lit up on Xiao Huoluan.

The little guy screamed happily in the sky!

Qin Feng is also in a good mood.

The rewards of killing Guardians are huge!

Then, he walked to the corpse of Wind Breath and began to collect the spoils of this time.

PS: Dear readers, it’s the beginning of the month, and the little author asks you for a monthly ticket, thank you!

Chapter 229 Five Layers! Extermination!

After some searching, Qin Feng got a fourth-order equipment and a storage ring on Fengxi's corpse.

He glanced at the storage ring, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

There are more than a dozen pieces of equipment in the storage ring, as well as various resource items, such as green wood core, fire glaze, penta soil crystal core, and so on.

The net worth of the prefecture-level powerhouses is different.

Qin Feng was satisfied that he put away the storage ring and began to extract the corpse...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the A-level talent - Law of the Wind. 】

[Your wind talent has been promoted from B level to A level! 】

[Reminder: Your skill 'Wings of Wind' has +100% flight speed. 】

good! good!

Another talent has been upgraded to A rank, and the speed of Wind Wings has also doubled.

Qin Feng was in a good mood, and continued to extract the second time, and got another 20 attributes.

Then, he went to dispose of Bai Qiong's body.

I also got a storage ring, the collection inside is more abundant than the wind breath, and there are three fourth-order equipments.

After extracting Bai Qiong's body, he got another 20 attributes.

The only pity is that Bai Qiong is a B-level light talent.

Qin Feng's light talent is also B-level.

After he extracted Bai Qiong's light talent, the evolution of A-level failed.

However, Qin Feng was already satisfied.

At present, among the nine talents of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, light, and darkness, he has reached the A-level in six, and the remaining gold, light, and thunder remain at the B-level.

When all of these nine elements reach A-level, he will not be far away from integrating SSS-level talents.

With this in mind, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the future.

At this point, after he had cleaned up the battlefield, he released two groups of Tianyan and turned the bodies of Bai Qiong into ashes.

The two major powerhouses were killed by him like this, and he didn't even have time to send the police report back.

At this moment, Xiao Huoluan flew over.

At this moment, the little guy is very happy.

With the energy value just assigned, it has been raised two levels in a row.

Now that it is level 10, there is no need to worry about the punishment of the novice assessment.

"Guji! Guji!"

The little guy shrank his body and landed on Qin Feng's shoulder, screaming proudly.

It is showing off to Qin Feng, and its upgrade speed is extremely fast.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Little guy, this upgrade is getting harder and harder. Then you are only level 10. When you reach my level, it will take you a lot of time."

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan raised his small pointed mouth and carried his wings, disregarding it.

It feels its own rank and will soon be able to catch up with its master.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Having said that, after this little guy has risen to level 10, his combat power has reached 413 stars, which is very good.

This makes Qin Feng very happy.

"By the way, little guy, these pills are for you!"

Qin Feng took out a jade bottle with ten Qi and Blood Pills in it.

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan's eyes lit up.

It smelled dandelion.

After tasting the benefits of the medicine pill, it has been thinking about it!

Immediately, its small mouth picked up the jade bottle excitedly.

"Okay! Take these pills slowly! After you finish eating, you can continue to guard this area to kill monsters and upgrade, and strive to rise to level 20 transformation as soon as possible. I really want to know, after you have transformed, what will happen to you? What's it like?"

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Huoluan held a jade bottle at the corner of his mouth and nodded obediently.

The owner gave it the elixir, which made it too happy.

For the task assigned by the master, it will naturally complete it well.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I just watched someone chatting on the channel, and there was a loud noise near Tayue Town, and then the god-level village mission, the pass card collection progress became 2/30. Did you kill 2 prefecture-level? Guardian?"

Qin Feng: "That's right! It's me and Xiao Luan'er who moved the hand!"

Qiyue was both surprised and delighted: "That's great! Everyone is saying that the pass card is not easy to collect, after all, the guardian of the prefecture level is not easy to kill. I didn't expect you to collect 2 cards so quickly, which made everyone very excited. !"

Qiyue: "However, this also shows. The people of the Cang clan can't wait. The strong people will be sent over so soon. Will there be more people in the follow-up?"

Qin Feng: "Yes! I got the latest news. Tomorrow morning, the Cang Clan will be attacked by three thousand troops..."

At the moment, Qin Feng told Qiyue the news he got. After listening, Qiyue was horrified.

Qiyue: "Master, what can we do? The people who came here this time have a seventh-level powerhouse in charge, plus a dozen prefecture-level, 3,000-level army, can we handle it?"