Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The little girl's tone was full of worry.

Qin Feng also sighed: "From the current point of view, it is very likely that both sides will suffer. This is not the result I want. What I want is absolute crushing, completely defeating this massive attack of the Cang clan."

"If you defeat them this time, the Cang clan should be obedient for a while. I might as well take the opportunity to go west and go to the Sunshine Canyon and the Totem Temple to do the next task. But if both sides suffer, the consequences will be..."

Qiyue was worried: "Yes! Master, the villagers stationed in Tayue Town are the elites of our Longyuan Village. We can't afford to hurt them! Our Longyuan Village has not yet started to fight for hegemony, so we can't just lose our spirit."

Qin Feng nodded: "Indeed! It seems that I have to go to the Temple of Vientiane!"

Qi Yue was curious: "Master, where are you going and what are you doing?"

Qin Feng: "I want to go to the Temple of Extermination in the Fifth Heaven and buy some skills. Let's see if there are any powerful group attack skills."

When the Temple of Dharma is destroyed, all Dharmas will be destroyed.

It sells many powerful skills, and the lowest is the fourth-order or higher skills.

Qin Feng felt that his group attacking skill, Ice Storm, was a bit single.

A single water-type attack can only hurt some people, and for many people who are not afraid of water-type attacks, it is useless.

Of the three thousand troops of the Cang clan this time, there must be many of them, who are not afraid of water attacks.

After Qiyue heard it, she also felt it made sense.

"Master, you are right! To deal with an army of 3,000, it is best to use group attack skills. Especially the group attack skills that are extremely powerful and comprehensive, are the best choice."

"Yeah! It's getting late, and I have to hurry up to get there. As soon as it gets dark, the Temple of Vientiane will disappear."

Qin Feng looked up at the sky, it was already afternoon.

Qiyue: "Master, then you can go! By the way, Master, I have acquired seven golden treasure chests since last night."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Good job! By the way, Yue'er, I have hundreds of Qi and Blood Pills here, you can take ten pills. The rest are evenly distributed among Liu Xuan, Qiyun, Lei Jue, and Wu Yong. , Longshan, Liu Yuan, and Gu Ming."

After finishing speaking, he took out a hundred Qi and Blood Pills from the storage ring and sent them into the zero-degree space.

He himself kept ten.

After receiving the medicine pill, Qiyue started her own work.

Even if she is in the zero-degree space, she can send the medicinal pill to Liu Xuanqi for free through the trading channel.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng and Qiyue ended their conversation.

Afterwards, Qin Feng took out a Qi and Blood Pill and swallowed it directly.

The entrance of the medicinal pill is turned into energy of blood and blood, and what flows into him is the limbs and bones...

[Successful taking the first-order Qi and Blood Pill! Your Constitution attribute +12, Strength attribute +8. disturb]

Got 20 attributes at one time!

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Immediately, he confessed to Xiao Luan'er and rushed towards Tongtian Lake alone.

This way, he was on his way while eating Qi and Blood Pills.

Early tomorrow morning, the three thousand army of the Cang clan will arrive.

He has to hurry up

The 230th chapter of Wanjie Village, points for hegemony!

After Qin Feng left, Xiao Huoluan fell from the air, opened the cork with his small mouth, poured out the Qi and Blood Pill inside, and then enjoyed it beautifully.

This little guy is so smart!

At the same time, thousands of miles away.

The three thousand army of the Cang clan is rushing towards Tayue Town in a mighty manner.

In the sky above the army, Gu Lao and other seventeen earth-level powerhouses were slowly walking in the sky.

If it weren't for the speed of the army, with the speed of these prefecture-level powerhouses, even if they were not as good as the two of them, they would still be able to reach Tayue Town before dark.

However, they went there this time to search the Tongtian Lake area in a carpet-like manner to find Longyuan Village, which had broken the space seal, not just for Qin Feng.

Qin Feng is the target of their revenge!

And Longyuan Village is their purpose to harvest challengers!

Find Longyuan Village and bloodbath all the challengers, it will bring them endless benefits.

In this way, they need a lot of manpower to start a carpet search.

"Elder Gu, it looks like it's already afternoon. Calculate the time. The two elders, Bai Qiong and Fengxi, have already arrived at Tayue Town?"

Heilong calmly came to Elder Gu and muttered something.

Of all the people, he was the most concerned about attacking Tayue Town.

As a result, the Cangtu Ministry was really miserable. All the three elders were killed, and Heilong's younger brother was also killed. The blood feud was serious.

Second, the Great Elder was killed, and the land deed card of the Cangtu Ministry was gone. Without the land deed card, Heilong could not become the true leader of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

He is very anxious now, hoping that this invasion can retrieve the land deed card of the Cangtu Ministry.

"Well, count the time, Bai Qiong and Feng Qi should have arrived. We will soon know the reason for the failure of the Tayue Town Teleportation Array."

Old Gu also glanced at the sky and his expression was calm.

He has great confidence in Bai Qiong.

At the moment, a group of people stopped talking, and continued to march towards Tayue Town in a mighty manner...

But he said that on the other side, Qin Feng was on his way while eating medicinal pills.

Half an hour later, he appeared on the third floor of the Vientiane Temple, in the square outside the Temple of Martial Arts.

The whole square was empty, and he was alone.

At present, in this No. 1 area, he is the only one who has the strength to reach this place.

At this moment, he looked up at the sky.

One floor up is the fourth-level hall, the Dan Temple, which sells all Dan Fang cards above the second rank.

Dan Fangka is very important to alchemists.

Only by first obtaining the pill recipe card of a certain kind of medicinal herb, can one master the refining method and refining authority of that medicinal pill.

Otherwise, even if you know the medicine pill formula, you don't have the right to refine it.

At present, the pharmacist channel of Longyuan Village only has several first-order pill formula cards, and there are no second-order pill formula cards.

He wanted to get a more advanced Danfang card, so he had to try his luck at the Temple of Dan.

Having said that, the usefulness of Lingdan is really great!

After taking ten Qi and Blood Pills along the way, his combat power increased by 4 stars.

Today, his combat power has reached 710 stars!

Of course, this is just the beginning.

He still has five first-order pill recipes in his hand, which he has not yet refined.

As for the medicinal materials for refining the 5 first-order medicinal herbs, he also has them ready-made, and the zero-dimensional space is almost full, so he can use it whenever he wants.

What's even better is that his alchemy skills have advanced greatly, making it easier than before.

After the alchemy technique is promoted from the primary level to the intermediate level, not only the success rate will increase, but the time it takes to refine a pot of elixirs will also be shortened, and the efficiency will naturally become higher and higher.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng decided to refine the five first-order medicinal herbs, which should greatly increase his strength.

Of course, he wanted to refine the second-order elixir more than the first-order elixir.

The benefits of taking the second-order elixir are even greater, but the level of Longyuan Village is insufficient, and the second-order pill formula card cannot be produced.

He didn't want to think so much anymore, it was time for him to go up and take a look.

Qin Feng raised his head to look at the fourth alchemy temple above ten thousand feet.

Now, he is already at an altitude of 30,000 meters. Going up 10,000 meters, the sea of ​​​​clouds is thinner and more ethereal, and he can vaguely see the outline of the Temple of Pill.

When the temple reaches the third level, there is no more ladder to the sky, and the challenger needs to fly up by himself.

Therefore, those who can enter the fourth layer are the powerhouses at the Earth level.

Or like Qin Feng, a powerhouse with flying skills.

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to take off.

But at this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, I have already distributed the Qi and Blood Pills you gave me. In addition, there are still some Qi and Blood Pills left, which I have distributed to my grandfather, Qi Jie, Li Ying and others according to your wishes. potential villagers."

Qin Feng: "Very good!"

Qiyue: "By the way, master, my grandfather asked me to convey a message to you. To upgrade a village to level 5, you need to build 100 level 5 wooden houses. Your wooden house should also be upgraded to level 6."

"At present, the number of our 1st, 2nd and 4th grade wooden houses has increased extremely rapidly. However, the number of 3rd grade chalets has increased very slowly, and the 5th grade chalets have not seen any movement."

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

To build a level 1 wooden house, you only need enough wood, stone, iron ore, and fur.

These resources, Longyuan Village is not lacking at all.

The ice stone required for the second-level wooden house, Longyuan Village has the ice stone mine at the bottom of the lake, and it is not lacking at all.

The fire glazed glass needed by the 4th-level wooden house is sold in the Wanxiang Temple for 500 contribution points.

Qin Feng had already bought a large amount of Fire Glazed Glass and put it into the exchange channel, so Longyuan Village was not short of it.

Of course, this step is only valid for Longyuan Village.

Because Huo Liuli was donated, there were only 300 contribution points, and 500 contribution points were needed to buy it in the Wanxiang Temple, which was obviously a loss-making business.

But to Qin Feng, not at all.

What he lacks most now is contribution points.

During this time, he has been on the World Channel, acquiring a large number of novice short knives to earn contribution points.

Because of his drive, many Tier 1 villages have purchased a large number of novice knives in their respective regional channels, and then sold them to him.

In this way, tens of billions of people in the world, that is, tens of billions of novice knives, all flow into Qin Feng's hands unknowingly.

In theory, he has a treasury worth 30 billion contribution points, waiting for him to withdraw money at any time.

In other words, he is lying in a pile of money, and when he needs money, he can grab a lot of money!

Because of this, in Qin Feng's eyes, contribution points are not money, but pure numbers.

When he bought the fire colored glass, there were thousands of them at every turn, and he didn't feel bad at all.

Qiyue: "Master, my grandfather said that the green wood core is not bad. The major Wanhua Valleys are still producing. Our Longyuan Village has controlled 17 Wanhua Valleys and can produce hundreds of green wood cores every day."

"Just to upgrade a level 5 village, 500 level 3 wooden houses need to be built, and the existing number of level 3 wooden houses is 237. At this rate, we need 3 days before the level 3 wooden houses can reach the upgrade standard."

"But my grandfather said that this kind of development progress will be very detrimental to our struggle for hegemony in the world."

Qin Feng's heart moved: "How do you say this?"

Qiyue: "My grandfather said that after the novice assessment is over, the battle for hegemony in the world will officially begin. The Tiandao Association will use the village power as the unit to conduct a statistical ranking of points. Among them is the ranking of the villages in the world."

"The higher the village rank, the higher the evaluation points. My grandfather said that after each novice assessment is over, a large number of top forces from 5th-level villages will emerge in Myriad Realms, and there will even be 6th-level villages. "Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"With the current level of our Longyuan Village, it is the most dazzling existence in the Blue Star Realm, but it is not so dazzling among the villages with the number of trillions of trillions in the Myriad Realm."

"If we want our Longyuan Village to enter the top 100 or even the top 10 within the year of Wanjie Village. I'd better reach the level 5 village before the end of the novice assessment."

"In this way, we can gain a good starting point advantage in the next Wanjie village level competition. Unfortunately, the upgrade difficulty of our Longyuan Village has been permanently doubled by Tiandao."

"Actually, this is very unfavorable for our Longyuan Village to get a lot of points. However, it has the advantage. After we upgrade the village, the rewards we get are also doubled. The strength of Longyuan villagers will continue to increase."

"As long as we don't get eliminated in the battle for hegemony in the world, the future Longyuan Village will really be like a dragon!"

Qin Feng suddenly said: "It turns out that it is so! It is indeed a combination of misfortune and good fortune. At the same time as the benefits of our Longyuan Village, we must also face greater challenges. Perhaps this is a kind of fairness bestowed by heaven!"

Having said this, Qin Feng is also glad that he appointed Qishan as the village logistics director, which is right.

If it weren't for Qishan, he really didn't know that upgrading the village would be so important in the future battle for hegemony in the world.