Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to pay attention to the promotion of Longyuan Village to level 5.

After he has dealt with the trivial matters in front of him, he will check the conditions for upgrading to level 6.

He can't be a drag on the progress of the entire village's upgrade.

At this time, Qiyue's voice sounded again.

Qiyue: "Master, although the green wood core is scarce at present, it can still be solved. My grandfather said that the biggest problem is to upgrade the 5-level wooden house, and we don't have a single pentium soil core in our village, and I don't know where to collect it. ."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's a coincidence! I have more than 100 pentadium crystal cores in my hand. You can take them to your grandfather, and let him give priority to Liu Xuan and other outstanding villagers. You can also take one to upgrade your own. Chalet."

Qiyue was pleasantly surprised: "Wow~! It's great! With these more than 100 pentadium nuclei, we have completely solved the problem of upgrading the wooden house to level 5. By the way, master, the pentadium nuclei are the fourth-order material. , hard to get. Where did you get so much?"

Qin Feng: "Before, I killed several people from the Cangtu Ministry, and there were quite a few pentadium nuclei in their storage rings."

Qiyue: "Master, in this way, there must be a mine site for the crystal nucleus of Wutu near the Cangtu Department."

Qin Feng: "It's true! There is a Gen Valley near the Cangtu Department, and a large number of pentium soil crystal nuclei are produced in it."

This information was obtained by Qin Feng inadvertently from the ruined storage ring.

Qiyue: "Master, that Gentu Valley is too important, we Longyuan Village must get it! In the future, the level 6 village will be needed, and the level 7 village will be needed."

Qin Feng: "That's natural!"

Then, the two ended their conversation.

Only this matter, Qin Feng sighed.

For the development of Longyuan Village, it is imperative to occupy the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

After defeating this wave of the Cang clan's invasion, he will launch a counterattack, first occupying the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, and obtaining the strategic resource point of Wutu Crystal Nucleus.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sent more than 100 pentium soil nuclei in his hand into the zero-degree space, and asked Qiyue to transfer it to Qishan.

Afterwards, he didn't waste any more time, soared into the sky and flew to the Fourth Pill Temple.

In addition to the Pill Temple, he also had to go to the fifth-layer Temple of Destruction.

With so many chores, he had to hurry up

Chapter 231 The special authority of prestige

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng flew to the sky above ten thousand feet and came to the Temple of Pill.

Boo~!

But at this moment, above his head, a shocking cry sounded, resounding through the sky.

Startled, he looked up quickly.

He saw a lion-headed lion body, ten feet long, with wings on its back, and a cyan-colored giant beast coming towards him.

The giant beast spread its wings and was dozens of meters long, like a large black cloud, rolling over the sky and covering the ground, even the surrounding light was dimmed instantly, and the momentum was extremely amazing.

[Ferocious Beast]: Flying Griffon (King Level)

[Level]: Level 45

[Boundary]: Earth-level (low-level foundation building)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 300 stars

[Characteristics]: Brutal, guard.

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Wood (Class B), Profound Truth of Wind (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

It turned out to be the guardian of the fourth heaven - spirit beast!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

At the fourth level, the guarding spirit beasts are all earth-level existences, and ordinary human-level masters really do not have the strength to break into the fourth-level temple!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

But it was only when he had this idea that the Flying Griffon let out a long cry, controlling the vitality of the heavens and the earth.

In the blink of an eye, the power of heaven and earth in a radius of dozens of miles poured into him, causing his momentum to skyrocket to 400 stars in an instant, just the threshold of the fourth heaven.

Sure enough!

It seems that if you want to break into the Fourth Layer, even the powerhouses at the Earth level may not be able to succeed.

Some prefecture-level powerhouses only have 300-star combat power, so naturally they are not the opponents of this Griffin.

Of course, it does not necessarily mean that one must have a combat power of 400 stars or more to enter the Fourth Heaven.

As long as you can defeat the Flying Griffin, even if the combat power is 300 stars, you can still enter the fourth heaven.

This test is for comprehensive strength!

Boo~!

Another terrifying chirping!

The flying griffin has been slaughtered to the front, bringing the monstrous wind and huge claws, and grabbing Qin Feng's heavenly spirit extremely fiercely.

It has long seen the details of Qin Feng!

A human in the human level realm dares to enter the fourth heaven, it is simply courting death!

Even many earth-level powerhouses can't get past it, let alone the human-level realm.

Whoever dares to break through the level will be killed, and it will never be soft-hearted!

Boom~!

That claw shattered the sky, and wherever it went, the space shattered inch by inch, and it was about to hit.

At this moment, Qin Feng waved casually.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In an instant, he released thousands of wind blades and strangled the flying griffins into countless pieces...

Since the wind element talent has broken through to A rank, he has more and more wind element methods under his control.

In the next second, the body of the flying griffin disintegrated automatically, turning into a starlight and dispersing, leaving only a token...

[Successfully kills a level 45 flying griffin (king level), you will get +1 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of level 45 flying griffin (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 45-level flying griffin (king level) successfully, the passing order (fourth heaven) was released. 】

A giant beast whose strength reached the threshold of the fourth-level heaven was instantly killed in this way.

Qin Feng's reputation also reached 218 points.

Having said that, this reputation is a good thing.

Qin Feng naturally hopes that the more the better.

Immediately, he picked up the pass and continued to fly to the Temple of Pill.

After a while, he arrived at the Temple Square.

In the center of the square, there is also a giant monument with the word 'Dan Ding' written on it, with extraordinary momentum.

It turns out that this 'Dan Temple' is also known as the 'Dan Ding Temple'.

Qin Feng did not enter the Temple of Pills, and flew into the air again, towards the fifth heaven above.

Destroy the Dharma Palace! Five Heavenly Temple!

Located at an altitude of 50,000 meters.

It sells powerful skills above Tier 4.

That was also Qin Feng's first goal here.

He wants to buy a powerful group attack skill in the Hall of Destruction to deal with the attack of the Cang clan army.

However, whether he can buy his ideal skills can only depend on luck.

Time flies!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng flew to the Dharma Palace.

roar~!

At this moment, a thunderous tiger roar made the Baili Void tremble.

Then, a white tiger with wings on its back and a body of thirty feet in length came to kill him.

The fighting power of the five hundred stars was revealed in an instant, destroying the world.

Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, the giant tiger slapped Qin Feng with one paw.

"court death!"

Qin Feng sneered and punched him directly.

In the blink of an eye, fists and claws collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The huge body of the giant tiger smashed into pieces and turned into a blood mist.

Terrible roar!

Above the nine heavens, it echoes endlessly.

With just one punch, Qin Feng blasted the giant tiger!

In the end, the tiger corpse disintegrated automatically and turned into starlight...

[Successfully kills the level 50 Flying White Tiger (king level), you will get +2 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of the level 50 Flying White Tiger (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the level 50 Flying White Tiger (King Level) successfully, the passing order (Five Layers) was issued. 】

Got another 10 reputation points, and the total accumulated to 228 points, which is a good gain.

Qin Feng was quite satisfied.

At this moment, an upgraded white light also lit up on him!

【Your level has been promoted to level 20! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

【You get 10 free attributes! 】

good! good!

Finally got to level 20!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent two reminders again.

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue's combat power has exceeded 100 stars, and you have been rewarded with 30 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan's combat power has exceeded 100 stars, and you have been rewarded with 30 attribute points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

Among his subordinates, two talents with a hundred-star combat power finally emerged.

Qiyue and Qishan were able to break through to 100 stars so quickly, firstly because of Qin Feng's medicinal pills, and secondly because they had just upgraded their level 5 wooden house and received a lot of attribute rewards.

In this regard, Qin Feng is quite pleased.

According to this rhythm, both Qishan and Qiyue hope to break through to the prefecture-level realm.