Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

These two are their servants, they are absolutely loyal to themselves, and they can be said to be their own confidants.

At the same time, one of them is their own logistics supervisor, and the other is their personal assistant.

Qin Feng naturally hopes that they will become stronger.

With the help of these two people, he managed Longyuan Village more easily.

After cleaning up his mood, Qin Feng picked up the pass and flew to the temple square in front.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to enter the Temple of Destruction.

At this moment, in the hallway of the temple.

Qi Yue stood beside Qin Feng with a look of joy.

Just now, the master summoned her and let her brush up to 5 reputation.

0UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Qin Feng is also in a good mood.

Entering this heavy temple, his prestige increased to 233 points.

"Master, is this really the Temple of Destruction?"

Qi Yue looked around in disbelief.

Destroy the Dharma Palace!

Five Heavenly Palace!

One needs to have the comprehensive strength of Wuzhongtian to break in.

With strength like her, being able to enter this temple is entirely dependent on the master's help.

Otherwise, she would not have such a good eye, and she could enter the Hall of Destruction so early to see it.

"Little girl, let's go! After buying the skills, we have to go to the Danding Palace."

Qin Feng smiled and walked to the front hall.

"Oh!"

Qiyue obediently followed.

"Master, now is the sixth day of the novice assessment period. I guess the hall of the fifth-level hall must be empty. We may be the first challengers to break into this hall."

"Little girl, don't underestimate the heroes of the world! There are more than 10,000 great worlds participating in this battle for hegemony in the world, and there are nearly a thousand of them in the great world. The talented people inside are immeasurable."

Qiyue didn't take it seriously: "Before, we were in the Holy Martial Hall, and we had seen Daqian's powerhouse! It seems like that!"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "That's just the tip of the iceberg. Now, the novice assessment period has not ended, and the rankings of various rankings have not yet been set. Everyone does not know who the real masters are."

"The big thousand powerhouses you see are not necessarily the top group. Besides, the real peerless powerhouses are often very low-key."

Just like that, the two walked and chatted.

After a while, the two reached the end of the corridor and entered an incomparably magnificent hall.

The moment she stepped into the hall, Qi Yue was shocked.

There were actually five people in the hall.

What the master said is really not wrong at all!

The world is really powerful.

Qin Feng was also a little surprised. When he looked at the five people, he found that they were all from the Great Thousand World, all of them were level 20, and all of them had the best foundation.

This is very shocking!

The 20th-level fifth-layer heaven powerhouse is still the best foundation building, and its potential is more than a hundred times stronger than that of Baiqiong!

You must know that these five people, like him, reached their current achievements within six days.

Perhaps, these five talents are the top of this challenger.

Just when Qin Feng and the two came in, the five people were also muttering.

"I didn't expect that there would be a prestige requirement for purchasing skills in this Hall of Destruction."

"Yeah! When the reputation reaches 150 or more, there is only one purchase right, and if the reputation exceeds 200, there are only two purchase rights."

"Hey! The deity's reputation is 149 points, and I don't even have the right to buy it once. This time, the deity has gone for nothing!"

"I'm about the same as you, my reputation is 147, and I'm still 3 points away. If I knew that reputation is so important, I should kill a few more king-level beasts and come back."

"Haha! Only two of the five of us have the right to purchase, and they all have the right to purchase only once. The sales threshold for this Hall of Destruction is a bit high!"

"Hey! It's just that the deity didn't take reputation seriously before, otherwise it would have 150 points."

The five complained constantly.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up when he heard it, and his eyes showed joy. .

His reputation is 233 points, so he doesn't have two purchase rights, which is much stronger than these five people!

"Hey! Look! There's someone here again!"

It was at this moment that the five people also found Qin Feng and the two of them, and looked over in unison.

Chapter 232: Level 7! Doomsday!

"Hey! This person is actually at the human level!"

After seeing Qin Feng's realm, the five strong men were dumbfounded.

This Temple of Destruction, without the strength of the Fifth Layer, is absolutely impossible to break into.

How can someone at the realm of a person break in?

Not to mention the human-level realm, even the earth-level realm may not be able to break in!

For a moment, the eyes of the five powerhouses were filled with disbelief.

Later, they looked at Qi Yue behind Qin Feng, and were even more surprised.

This little girl is actually at the human level.

However, seeing the little girl following Qin Feng step by step, it is obviously Qin Feng's little follower!

Thinking of this, the eyes of the five people focused on Qin Feng.

Obviously, this guy is the weirdest.

I'm afraid that the little girl can come in, and it has something to do with this guy.

But how did this guy get in?

The five powerhouses couldn't help looking at each other from the ground, and they all saw the doubts in each other's eyes.

Afterwards, the five of them moved their lips slightly and muttered softly.

"Everyone, is this old man dazzled? Is this young man at the human level?"

"Brother, what I see is also human-level realm. So, we don't have dazzling eyes!"

"It's impossible! When will the human-level realm break into the Hall of Destruction?"

"Yeah! It's so weird!"

"Everyone, is there any possibility that this guy is already in the prefecture-level realm, and he used a secret technique to tamper with his realm information to the adult-level realm, so as to confuse outsiders. The purpose is to make people look down on him, Kill the enemy by surprise!"

"It makes sense! In this world of slaughter in the heavens, there are all kinds of strange things. If there is such a secret technique, the old man also thinks it is normal!"

"Yeah! I also think it's possible!"

"Everyone, whether he is disguised or not, you can see it in a while. When he buys skills. If he has the right to buy it, it means that his reputation has reached more than 150 points. With such a high reputation, he is definitely a prefecture-level powerhouse. !"

"Makes sense! Then we'll wait and see!"

After the five people muttered, they silently followed Qin Feng's every move.

The voices of the five of them were extremely low, but Qin Feng had awakened his talent of six senses, and his hearing was hundreds of times that of ordinary people, so he could hear their conversations clearly.

Qin Feng can't help laughing and crying!

These five guys actually thought that his human-level realm was disguised.

However, he was not interested in explaining either.

At the moment, he strode towards the altar in front under everyone's attention.

Qi Yue obediently followed behind him.

Before long, Qin Feng walked to the altar and pressed the crystal ball on the altar with one hand.

That cold touch came from the crystal ball.

Om~!

Then, the crystal ball burst into a bright light, illuminating a dazzling white light.

A strange mental fluctuation was linked with Qin Feng's thoughts through the crystal ball as a bridge.

【It is detected that your reputation value has reached 233 points, congratulations that you have obtained the right to purchase twice.】

[Reminder: When the reputation value reaches 150 points, you can get 1 purchase permission in the main hall; when it reaches 200 points, you can get 2 purchase permissions; 】

[When you reach 250 points, you can get 3 purchase rights... and so on. For every 50 points of prestige, you can increase the purchase rights once. 】

[Reminder: Each time you have permission, you can only purchase one skill seal. 】

[Reminder: You have successfully linked with the spirit of the temple, and your thoughts have entered the interface of the temple mall...]

As the prompt sounded, Qin Feng appeared in front of a mall interface that only he could see.

He quickly clicked on the product list and pulled out a series of skill lists.

When he saw it, he was surprised.

A full list of skills!

The worst is the fourth-order skills!

If he can find the right skills, it can definitely greatly enhance his strength.

This time, he is going to make a lot of money!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to choose skills

The threshold for purchasing skills in this temple is very high. With his reputation, he can only buy it twice. He has to choose carefully...

At the same moment, the five strong men were watching nervously.

They were curious whether Qin Feng had the right to buy skills.

Soon, Qin Feng found a favorite skill from the dazzling list of skills.

[Quadruple Clone Technique: Sixth-order skill. After learning, four clones can be obtained, and the strength of the clones can reach 60% of the main body. 】

good! good!

This clone technique is much stronger than his phantom clone technique.

The phantom avatar technique can only separate two avatars, and the combat power of the avatars is only half of the main body.

This quadruple avatar technique can separate four avatars, and the strength of the avatars is 60% of the main body.

Such a comparison is a judgment!

It is indeed a sixth-order skill!

Besides, he has a lot of trivial matters now, and he has been busy all the time, and he needs to share some work with him.

That skill, he has to decide.

At the moment, he looked at the requirements for learning the skill.

[Learning conditions: You need to master the prerequisite skill 'Phantom Clone Technique', and you need to awaken the five talents of earth (earth), water, fire, wind, and six senses. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

This sixth-order skill, he can learn it completely.

Then, he continued to look at the price.