Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Price: 100,000 Contribution Points]

Gee!

Tier 6 skills are really not cheap!

However, he lacked everything except money.

This is affordable!

Now, let him check this skill and put it in the pending payment column.

Having done that, he went on to find the right skills.

He has one more permission.

It didn't take long for him to find the skills he wanted.

[Doomsday natural disaster: seventh-order skills, astronomical group attack skills, covering a range of thousands of miles (group attack range depends on strength). 】

hiss~!

The maximum attack range covers thousands of miles!

This skill is so awesome!

Isn't this the group attacking skill you need!

Qin Feng's heart is hot 0

The power of the seventh-order group attack skills must be extremely terrifying.

This skill!

He is going too!

Then, he checked the learning conditions.

[Learning conditions: You need to awaken the five talents of wind, thunder, fire, water, and soil, and each talent must reach the A-level level. 】

Looking at these conditions, except that his thunder talent is B-rank, the rest of his talents are up to the standard.

That is to say, he buys it now and can't learn it.

He must wait for his thunder talent to be upgraded to A rank before he can really learn it.

However, it doesn't matter.

He can buy the skill seal first.

Looking back, he will think of a way to raise the thunder talent to A rank, so he can learn it!

Thinking of this, he looked at the price.

[Price: 300,000 Contribution Points]

Still affordable!

At the moment, he checked it off, and then pressed a button to buy...

Suddenly, the hall changed.

At this moment, in the main hall, the five powerhouses and Qiyue are watching silently.

Om~!

Suddenly, the crystal ball on the altar shines brightly.

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and a beam of light fell from the sky and projected in front of Qin Feng.

"Hey! The purchase was successful!"

"Sure enough! This guy's reputation has reached more than 150 points!"

"Haha! So, he is really disguised as an earth-level powerhouse!"

The five powerhouses murmured one after another, revealing a stunned look.

At this moment, a palm-sized, all-black token slowly fell along the beam of light.

That token is the skill seal!

When the five powerhouses saw that the divine seal of the skill exuded six halos, they were shocked.

"Six halos! This is the sixth-order skill seal!"

"Tier 6 skills, worth 100,000 contribution points! This guy is so rich!"

"Yeah! It's so rich!"

The five powerhouses were amazed at 4.8, and looked at Qin Feng with great envy.

They don't envy Qin Feng's reputation for breaking 150 points, but they envy Qin Feng's wealth.

For them, getting 100,000 contribution points is much harder than 150 reputation points.

But before they could finish their amazement, the mutation in the field regenerated, and another skill divine seal fell from the sky.

Fuck it~!

The second skill seal!

This guy's reputation has broken 200 points!

This time, they were shocked!

what!

That second piece actually emits seven halos!

OMG!

That is the seventh-order skill seal!

Boom~!

The five powerful tigers shook violently!

Completely dumbfounded!

One by one, they were stunned on the spot, their mouths wide open!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The seventh-order divine seal is worth 300,000 contribution points!

Counting the sixth-order Divine Seal just now.

This guy spent a total of 400,000 contribution points!

The five powerhouses are suffocated!

At this moment, the field became quiet, and even the air was about to freeze.

Chapter two hundred and thirty

In just a moment, the two skill seals slowly fell in front of Qin Feng along the beam of light.

He excitedly caught the seal.

Two skills are here!

Qin Feng was satisfied.

Then, he turned and left under the envious gaze of the five powerhouses.

Qi Yue also excitedly followed behind him.

It was not until the two entered the hallway of the temple and disappeared from everyone's sight that the five powerhouses came to their senses and sighed.

"This man is so rich! He is so rich!"

"Yeah! Not only is he rich, but his reputation is also terrifyingly high. He has more than 200 points, which is a lot higher than us!"

"Yeah! With high reputation and money, this guy is definitely disguised by a prefecture-level powerhouse!"

"I really don't understand! Is it interesting to pretend that he is a very powerful prefecture-level powerhouse, but disguise himself as a human-level realm?"

"What's more abhorrent is that he also disguised himself as a human being from the Xiaoqian world! With his achievements, he is 100% a large-scale human being, and it is absolutely impossible to be a small-scale human being. I don't understand, why does this person do this? "

"Haha! He did this just to pretend to be coercive! It's just a coercion!"

The strong voices were sour.

They are envious and jealous.

In the distance, in that corridor passage.

Qin Feng still heard the discussion of the five people, and he was a little dumbfounded.

Those five people really thought that he was a prefecture-level 09 powerhouse disguised as a human-level realm.

And scolded him for pretending to be a perpetrator!

Obviously, these five people are sour!

When he thought of the envy, jealousy and hatred of these five people, but the helpless and uncomfortable expressions, he felt a little dark.

It is also a skill to make others jealous, which shows that you are too good.

No one in this world would be jealous of a beggar, only those who are better than themselves, or those with better luck than themselves.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng and the two walked out of the Temple of Destruction and entered the Square of Destruction.

Until this moment, Qi Yue sighed.

"Master, the five people just now were so powerful, they were all top-quality foundation-building powerhouses."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Little girl, I have already said, don't underestimate the heroes of the world. Even the five in the hall just now are not necessarily the strongest challengers in the world."

"After all, there will be so many people in the heavens and the world who have awakened SSS-level talents. Those with such talents will definitely become peerless powerhouses."

Qiyue said with emotion: "Master, don't talk about SSS-level talents. Even if you have S-level and SS-level talents, you will become a super strong. SSS-level, it will be even more powerful."

"This is a supreme talent! I don't know if anyone in this world will awaken such a talent?"

Speaking of this, the little girl's tone was full of envy.

She didn't know that her master Qin Feng had awakened an SSS-level talent.

Of course, that's Qin Feng's biggest secret, and he won't tell anyone.

However, he also realized that among the heavens and the world, he is definitely not the only one who has SSS-level talent.

Therefore, he needs to awaken a second SSS-level talent.

For example, the SSS-level chaos talent, he is already on the way to obtain it, and the progress is not bad.

If he can acquire two SSS-level talents, or even three SSS-level talents, then one day he will be able to slaughter gods and demons and be invincible in the heavens and the world.

"Master, did you buy those two skills?"

At this time, Qi Yue curiously asked about the business.

"A clone technique! A group attack skill!"

Having said that, Qin Feng took out the skill seal of the quadruple avatar technique.

The four poles of the world, earth, fire, water, wind!

Four-pole avatars can be divided into unearthed avatars, fire avatars, water avatars, and wind avatars, each of which is 60% of the body's strength.

After taking out the divine seal, Qin Feng broke his finger and dripped blood into the divine seal.

Om~!

In the next second, the Divine Seal was activated, turning into a ball of golden light and pouring into its body.

[Fusion Skill Divine Seal is successful! Congratulations on acquiring the sixth-order skill - Quadruple Clone Technique. 】

Got the skills!

Qin Feng is delighted!

This was the first Tier 6 skill he got.

"Master, congratulations on obtaining a sixth-order skill!"

Qiyue was also overjoyed.