Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing that the master has gained, she is happier than she has.

Qin Feng smiled: "Let's go! Let's go to the Dan Temple!"

Qi Yue wondered: "Master, don't you have a seventh-order skill that you haven't learned yet?"

Qin Feng shook his head: "That one can't be learned for the time being! I need to upgrade my thunder talent to A-level before I can learn."

"Oh!" Qi Yue was stunned.

Then, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng took Qiyue into the zero-degree space, and was about to go to the Dan Temple, where he wanted to buy a few Dan Fang cards.

When he thought of Danfangka, his eyes lit up.

By the way, don't I have a fourth-order Danfang card in my hand!

That was the God Card he found in the palace of the Dark Alienator.

Before, he had not learned alchemy, so he could not activate the alchemy card.

Now, his alchemy skills have reached the intermediate level, and he can completely activate the alchemy card.

Thinking of this, he rummaged through the storage ring.

After a while, there was a shining divine card in his hand.

[Fourth-order Danfang Card: The content of the formula is unknown. After a drop of blood is recognized as the Lord, all information can be obtained. 】

[Reminder: Only pharmacists who master alchemy can activate this card. 】

Qin Feng didn't think much, and activated it directly by dripping blood.

After a while, the divine card turned into a ball of golden light and poured into his body.

[Fusion Danfang Card (Tier 4) is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained the formula and refining method of the Intermediate Enlightenment Pill. 】

[Intermediate Comprehension Pill: Tier 4 elixir, after taking it, there is a 10% chance to evolve B-level talent to A-level talent. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were ecstatic.

Isn't this the elixir that I need most!

With this elixir, he has the hope to promote the B-level thunder talent to the A-level.

As long as the thunder talent is successfully upgraded to A rank, he can learn the doomsday natural disaster.

What's even better is that the main material for refining this intermediate-level perception pill is the fourth-order material 'Golden Royal Jelly'.

He has three groups in his hand!

That was the result of killing three queen bees in the Valley of Ten Thousand Flowers, and now it has finally come in handy.

Your luck is so good!

Before, he was worrying about how to improve his thunder talent in a short period of time.

He didn't expect to find a way so quickly, it seems that God's will is helping him.

This made him feel great!

However, the mid-level comprehension pill has only a 10% comprehension success rate, which is still a bit low at 520.

No matter how many, he has the formula and the main material, so he will refine the medicinal pill first.

If you don't try everything, how will you know the result?

"Hey! This is..."

But at this moment, Qin Feng saw another message prompt.

[Reminder: You have not yet mastered the refining method of the 'primary enlightenment pill', and the refining efficiency of the intermediate enlightenment pill is halved. 】

Qin Feng frowned.

He only had three **** of golden royal jelly in total, and he could only refine three intermediate-level enlightenment pills at most.

If the success rate of alchemy is halved, he will probably fail to refine the intermediate-level enlightenment pill.

Then he will be happy!

It seems that he still has to get the Danfang card of the primary perception Dan.

The primary perception pill is a third-order elixir, the main material is gold-level honey (third-order), and he also has ready-made materials in his hand.

As long as he obtains the Dan Fangka of the Elementary Comprehension Pill, he can immediately start refining the Elementary Comprehension Pill.

And in the Pill Temple, there should be a Dan Fangka who is a primary comprehension pill.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took off and flew towards the Pill Temple below.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng appeared in the corridor of the Pill Temple.

Qiyue was beside him.

As soon as the two entered the Dan Temple, they each gained 5 reputation.

As a result, Qin Feng's reputation reached 238 points.

Then, the two rushed to the temple hall.

Qin Feng is bound to get the Dan Fang card to obtain the 'Primary Comprehension Pill'.

It didn't take long for the two of them to enter the hall, but they were shocked by the scene in front of them.

Chapter 234 Temple-level Certified Alchemist

Qin Feng is bound to get the Dan Fang card to obtain the 'Primary Comprehension Pill'.

It didn't take long for the two of them to enter the hall, but they were shocked by the scene in front of them.

I saw that there were nearly a hundred people in the hall, all of them were earth-level powerhouses, ranging from low-grade foundation building to top-grade foundation building.

However, there are only two top-grade foundation builders, and there are more than thirty high-grade foundation builders. The rest are all middle-grade foundation builders, and none of them are low-grade foundation builders.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng knew it, and secretly thought that it was the case.

How can there be weak people who can enter this fourth temple during this time period.

Not to mention the top-grade and top-grade base-building, the potential of those middle-grade base-building is more than ten times stronger than that of Baiqiong and Fengxi.

After all, the level of these people is basically around level 20.

Bai Qiong and Feng Qi are both level 40 and above, and they are both low-grade foundation building.

Such a comparison is a judgment!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sighed in his heart that he had a new assessment of the strength of the challengers of the heavens and the world.

Qi Yue on the side was amazed.

"Master, these people are amazing! They are all above the middle-rank foundation building!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This is just the tip of the iceberg! So, I can't underestimate the heroes of the world."

"What I saw today, I'm afraid it's not the strongest group of challengers. Those peerless powerhouses with SS-level talents and SSS-level talents don't know that they are hidden in that corner!"

Speaking of this, Qin Feng was inexplicably emotional.

If you can compete with those peerless powerhouses, it will be a blessing in life!

Qi Yue was even more amazed: "Yeah! Master, you still have the foresight. However, in Yue'er's mind, you are much better than these people. As long as the master is willing, you can go to obtain the qualification for the examination of the gods now!"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "Obtaining the qualifications for the examination of the divine grade does not mean that you can obtain the foundation of the divine grade. With my current 710-star combat power, I am afraid that I will not pass the examination of the inferior divine grade."

Qi Yue hurriedly said: "Master, don't forget, you still have a powerful pet! In the foundation building assessment, the pet can also be brought in, it represents a part of your strength."

"Little Luan'er is very strong now. With her help, it should be very easy for you to pass the low-level divine grade assessment."

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled and said nothing.

If there is Xiao Luan'er to help, he does have a chance of more than 70%, passing the low-level divine grade assessment.

However, his goal is a high-quality god.

Just having Xiao Luan'er to help is not enough.

He is still waiting for two pieces of seventh-order equipment, and the combat power reaches more than 900 stars.

The two seventh-order equipments are more than half completed.

He already has a purple diamond treasure chest in his hand.

In addition, Qiyue recently helped him acquire 7 golden treasure chests, plus the two in his hand, that is 9 golden treasure chests, and he has already closed a dark treasure chest.

So far, he has a purple diamond treasure chest, a dark treasure chest, and four gold treasure chests.

As long as he continues to acquire it, he will eventually get a second purple diamond treasure chest.

At that time, he will use the luck card to open two purple diamond treasure chests in a row, and he will be able to get two pieces of seventh-order equipment.

For the rest, he only needs to increase the combat power to more than 900 stars.

According to his assessment, with such strength, there should be a chance to win the foundation of the first-class gods.

Of course, these are all his guesses.

Specifically, he will have to participate in the real assessment to know.

It will be an extremely harsh examination!

Because of the first-class gods, you must clear the customs at one time, you can only succeed, not fail!

"Here comes again!"

"Hey! Those two are actually at the human level!"

"No way? Can people at the human level come in?"

"How weird!"

At this time, the group of powerhouses were also alarmed, and looked over in unison.

Soon, they saw the realm of Qin Feng and the two of them, and they all showed surprise.

They weren't overly shocked, though.

If there are some special means, there is still some chance of breaking into the four-layer temple in the human-level realm, but the probability is extremely low.

As for the five-layer temple, it is useless to rely on special means, at least it has the strength of the prefecture-level realm.

Therefore, the five powerhouses in the five-layered hall always thought that Qin Feng was disguised as a human-level realm.

At this moment, after the people in the hall were surprised, they didn't pay much attention to Qin Feng and the two.

Although Qin Feng and the two are strange, they are not completely incredible.

I saw that after they took their eyes back, they continued to watch the side of the hall, as if watching something lively.

Qin Feng was curious, his eyes leaped across the crowd, and he looked to the side of the hall.

I saw there were three altar-like arenas there.

At this moment, all three arenas raised protective masks.

As for the mask and the like, each of them is seated by one person, and they are raising the furnace and refining alchemy inside.

"Hey! Someone is alchemy here?"

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

"Master, why are these guys alchemy here?"

Qiyue also arrived strangely.

"Go! Go and have a look!"

Immediately, the two walked towards the onlookers.

Soon, they entered the crowd and gathered around with those people.

I saw an old man, a man in white, and a beautiful woman in yellow dress sitting on the three arenas.

At this moment, the three of them are all staring at the pill furnace in front of them, and they are constantly pinching the pills in their hands.