Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This pill is the key method to control the flow of heat and medicinal power, and it is very important.

Just as the three of them were concentrating on alchemy, there was a lot of muttering under the ring.

"I heard that the alchemy skills of these three people have reached the intermediate level. I wonder if any of them will pass the certification test this time?"

"It's hard to say! The certification assessment of the temple is extremely difficult! The dozen or so alchemists who participated in the certification assessment before have all failed. One of them, the alchemy technique has been promoted to the intermediate level, but it also failed!"

"Hey~! To be able to promote alchemy to an intermediate level in such a short period of time would cost a lot of money!"

"Yeah! It really cost a lot. Unfortunately, even the intermediate level of alchemy failed to pass the temple test. It can be seen that the certification test of the temple is really difficult!"

"So, the three people in front of you are a little overwhelmed!"

"It's really hanging! Unless they're lucky!"

"Speaking of which, if they pass the certification, it will be great in the future, and they are destined to become the most nourishing group of people in the heavens and the world."

"Yeah! I sometimes really envy these alchemists!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded and looked at the three people in the ring with envy.

The profession of alchemist is really enviable!

Even if the three of them failed to authenticate, they would not dare to look down on them, they would only dare to respect them.

Who knows if these three people will become masters of alchemy in the days to come?

At that time, I will ask these three people, but today's offense is a sin.

It can be seen that the profession of alchemist is not only enviable, but also respected.

In the crowd, Qin Feng was confused.

He still hasn't figured out what's going on.

At the moment, he sounded to a woman beside him.

It was a fair-skinned, tall, curvy beautiful woman.

She was watching the assessment on the ring with all her attention.

Qin Feng's question interrupted her attention and made her a little unhappy.

But when she saw Qin Feng's appearance clearly, she found that it was a handsome man, and her eyes lit up, only to feel that the man in front of her was pleasing to her eyes.

At the moment, she was in a better mood, so she patiently explained it to Qin Feng.

After listening, Qin Feng knew the whole story.

It turned out that most of the people above this hall were not alchemists.

These people did not come to buy Danfang cards, nor did they have permission to buy Danfang cards.

If you want to buy an alchemy card, only alchemists are qualified.

However, these people can check the information on medicinal pills, such as related medicinal pill formulas and effects.

After they checked it, they remembered the information, went back to search for the relevant herbs, and then went to an alchemist to help them alchemy.

Because of this, many people come here, but most of them are not alchemists.

After all, there are only a few people who can become alchemists.

In addition, the alchemist has the right to purchase the alchemy card.

If you want to refine an elixir, you must first obtain that kind of elixir card before you can master the relevant alchemy seals, refining methods, and refining authority, which are much more important than the recipe.

In addition, the temple has also opened a business service of "Alchemy of Ten Thousand Realms" for alchemists.

As long as the alchemist passes the certification examination of the temple, he can become a certified alchemist of the temple, and then he can accept all kinds of alchemy business.

The name of the certified alchemist will appear in the business channel of the temple.

If you want to find someone to make alchemy, you can directly enter the business channel of the temple, select the corresponding alchemist, and submit the medicinal materials with one click.

As for whether or not to accept this business, it all depends on the mood of the alchemist.

If the alchemist takes over the business, the Heavenly Dao contract is automatically established.

If the alchemy fails, the alchemist is not responsible!

If the alchemy is successful, the alchemist and the client share the alchemy results in half.

Hearing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and his heart was hot.

Gee~! Gee~!

The benefits of becoming a certified alchemist in the temple are really great!

As long as he can become a certified alchemist, many people will seek him for alchemy in the future.

He didn't need to look for medicinal herbs at all, because others would provide ready-made ones.

Moreover, there is no responsibility for the failure of alchemy, and the benefits of successful alchemy are divided into half.

Where to find such good things?

This is a totally worthless business!

In the long run, he will definitely live a very nourishing life.

Of course, the premise is that he can become a certified alchemist and obtain the authority to accept the alchemy business if he can pass the certification examination of the temple.

However, this test is extremely difficult.

According to the description of the woman, more than 20 alchemists have participated in the assessment, none of them have succeeded, and many of them have mastered intermediate alchemy skills.

The words just fell, and there was movement from the arena in front of him.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Three beeps in a row!

Immediately afterwards, the scorched smell of medicinal herbs came from the Sanzun Dan furnace.

All three of them failed!

There was an uproar below!

Chapter 235 The crushing of local tyrants makes a lot of money!

"Isn't it?! Failed again!"

"These three are all intermediate alchemists! Unexpectedly, they also failed!"

"Hey! I originally wanted to take part in the assessment, but that's fine! Even the mid-level alchemists have been wiped out, and my junior alchemist has no hope at all."

"Yeah! The certification assessment of this temple is really difficult!"

"It is estimated that only a high-level alchemist can pass the test! However, coming up with a high-level alchemist at this time is simply as difficult as reaching the sky!"

"Hey! It's really hard to get the business bonus of the temple!"

At this moment, the bottom of the ring was muttering constantly.

Many people shook their heads one after another, all showing disappointment.

Above the ring, the three intermediate alchemists looked even more depressed.

This certification test can only be taken once a month.

They failed this time, and the next time they want to participate in the certification assessment, it will be a month later.

One month!

It's not short!

Especially in the early days of the Ten Thousand Realms hegemony, time is extremely precious.

The sooner you become a temple alchemist, the greater the benefits.

But they all failed, and it was delayed for a month. They were destined to miss a lot of alchemy business and miss a lot of oil and water.

depressed!

Very depressing!

But helpless!

"Hey!"

On the ring, the gray-haired old man sighed and opened his own pill furnace, and took out three waste pills from it.

"This assessment is really difficult! The old man has tried 200% of his efforts, but he still fails. These three waste pills are annoying to look at!"

The old man looked at the waste pill in his hand with a wry smile.

At this moment, he just wanted to crush those waste pills.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's voice sounded below the ring.

"This friend, do you sell this waste pill?"

The old man was stunned for a moment, then followed the sound to see Qin Feng, and found that it was a young man at the human level.

He frowned involuntarily.

eccentric!

When will human-level people be able to enter this fourth temple?

However, he was too lazy to think about it!

No matter how big it is, it is not as big as his failure in the assessment.

The thought of failing the assessment made him irritable.

This kid came over at this time and asked him if he would sell waste pills, which was really funny!

At the moment, he said impatiently, "This old man doesn't sell it!"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I will give 10 contribution points for one!"

Qin Feng made a direct bid.

As soon as these words fell, everyone was puzzled and looked over.

As we all know, waste pills are worthless at all, and donating them is only 1 contribution point.

This young man actually gave 10 contribution points for one.

Is he right?

The old man was also stunned.

Afterwards, he sneered: "The mere 10 contribution points, the old man has not paid attention to it. Now the old man is in a bad mood, no matter how high your bid is, the old man will not sell it!"

"30 Contribution Points!"

"Oh! 30 contribution points, old man..."

"100 Contribution Points!"

"This friend, how many do you want to buy?"

The old man's tone changed instantly, and he walked to Qin Feng very politely with a smile all over his face.

The people around were stunned.

Fuck it~!

100 contribution points in exchange for a waste pill!

The price has doubled a hundredfold!

Isn't this young man crazy? !

"As many as you have, I will buy as many!"

Qin Feng smiled lightly.

"This is real?"

The old man almost thought he had heard it wrong.

"of course it's true!"