Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"The old man has a total of 137 waste pills."

Qin Feng said readily: "I want it all!"

Boom~!

As soon as those words fell, the audience was shocked.

Oh my God!

100 contribution points to buy a waste pill!

137 pieces were all bought!

crazy! crazy!

This young man is absolutely crazy!

Boom~!

The old man was even more shocked, and his lips were shaking with excitement.

"Friend... my friend, this old man will give it to you!"

Immediately, he took out about a hundred waste pills and held them in front of Qin Feng respectfully, with an extremely sincere attitude.

If you want to say how polite you are, you are so polite, as if Qin Feng is his uncle.

Qin Feng quickly completed the transaction.

In the blink of an eye, 137 waste pills were in hand, which made him feel great.

For others, the waste pills are worthless at all, each one is worth 1 contribution point.

Qin Feng exchanged 100 contribution points for a waste pill, which is definitely a loss to the sky.

But for Qin Feng, he definitely made a lot of money.

He has endless extraction and can turn waste into treasure.

In addition, even if it is a low-quality Tier 1 elixir, if you donate it casually, you can exchange it for three or four hundred contribution points.

What's more, contribution points are pure numbers in Qin Feng's eyes.

As long as he spends a little time, he can get as much as he wants.

In this way, he is definitely making a lot of money.

After this change, both parties are very happy.

"Friend, thank you! Thank you!"

The old man handed over again and again, grateful to Qin Feng.

Becoming an alchemist is too expensive in the early stage.

In order to improve his alchemy proficiency, he used all the money on his body to buy medicinal herbs.

By the time his alchemy skills were promoted to the intermediate level, he was so poor that he couldn't help himself.

Qin Feng's action this time greatly eased his financial crisis and made him grateful.

When the people around saw this scene, they sighed and shook their heads secretly.

It surprised me that!

That guy really changed it!

At the same time, the man in white and the woman in yellow on the ring couldn't help but glance at each other.

Afterwards, the two walked down the ring in unison and came to Qin Feng's side.

The man hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth a little embarrassedly.

"Friend, do you still want to scrap pills?"

"Yes! How many do you have?"

"126!"

"Okay! I want it all!"

Boom~!

The audience exclaimed again!

The man was very excited: "Friend, thank you! Thank you!"

Immediately, he took out the waste pill and completed the transaction with Qin Feng.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Both are very happy!

The woman in the yellow dress couldn't bear it any longer, and hurriedly stepped forward and bowed to Qin Feng.

"This friend, the little girl also has 128 waste pills here, do you still accept them?"

"All in!"

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked again!

"Thank you my friend!"

The woman was so excited that she hurriedly traded with Qin Feng.

This time it completely detonated the audience!

In the crowd, those alchemists rushed towards Qin Feng.

"This friend? Do you still collect waste pills? This old man has more than sixty pills here!"

"Friend, I also have thirty-seven here!"

"This handsome little brother, do you still want to waste pills? The little girl also has fifty or so!"

"This little brother like a living Bodhisattva, the old man also has a lot of waste pills here, do you still accept them?"

Those alchemists looked at Qin Feng with fiery eyes, each with a more polite tone and a more respectful expression.

Qin Feng is very proud: "Accept! Accept all!"

Boom~!

Suddenly, the audience was extremely sensational!

The alchemists cheered.

Afterwards, the alchemists stepped forward one by one to trade with Qin Feng.

Qin Feng is open to anyone who comes, as much as he wants.

In just a moment, he made a lot of money...

The people around were stunned.

"A local tyrant! Really a local tyrant!"

"Yeah! 100 contribution points are exchanged for a waste pill, this guy has already exchanged for more than a thousand, that is hundreds of thousands of contribution points! It's so rich!"

"Hey! He exchanged hundreds of thousands of contribution points for a pile of garbage back, what a prodigal!"

"Yeah! It's too much of a loser!"

"The world of local tyrants! We don't understand!"

The crowd was amazed.

There are also many people who feel pain for Qin Feng's prodigal family.

It didn't take long for the on-market transactions to be completed.

Qin Feng has harvested more than 2,100 waste pills in total, which made him feel very happy.

This trip has been very rewarding!

Those alchemists were also overjoyed and expressed their thanks to Qin Feng.

In their eyes, Qin Feng is a living God of Wealth, and it is too late for them to curry favor.

Alchemists burn too much money in the early stage, and only in the middle and late stages can alchemists become wealthy.

The appearance of Qin Feng helped them solve their current predicament.

"My friend, thank you so much this time! It's you who solved this old man's urgent need!"

"Little brother, the way you spend money is so attractive, my sister can't help but be moved. If only we were in the same world, my sister would definitely marry you!"

"Little brother, thank you this time!"

The alchemists were grateful.

"You're welcome! Everyone gets what they need!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and put away those waste pills with satisfaction.

The waste pills are all in hand.

The transaction is complete!

Next, he will also challenge the certification assessment of the temple.

Chapter 236 shocked the audience! Rich and powerful!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the side of the ring.

There are several altars there.

There is a crystal ball of light on each altar, and that is where the challenger communicates with the spirit of the temple.

When he moved, Qiyue followed.

Everyone also looked over.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng- has become the focus of the audience.

His every move will attract everyone's attention.

"Look! The local tyrant walked to the altar!"

"What is he going to do?"

"I guess it's to check the medicine pill formula!"

"It may also be an alchemy task."

"Haha! I'm waiting to enter the Temple of Pills, not just to check the medicine formula, or to undertake the task of alchemy."

"Hey! I'm here for an alchemy quest. It's a pity! So far, the Pill Temple has not yet produced a certified alchemist. I want to find an alchemist to do the quest, but I can't."

"Who is not? I have prepared more than 20 alchemy materials, but there is no alchemist."

"Me too! I prepared sixteen!"

"I have more! There are forty-four alchemy ingredients!"

"Hey! It seems that you have plenty of herbs in your hands. The only regret is that there is no certified alchemist to take the task."

"Yeah! This is really worrying!"

The crowd kept muttering.

It turns out that most of the people here have prepared medicinal materials and went to the Temple of Pills to undertake the task of alchemy.

To undertake the alchemy task, the client must first select a certified alchemist, and then submit his medicinal materials and demands to the alchemist in the form of an application.

After the alchemist receives the application information, it needs to be processed within three days, whether to accept the task.

If it has not been processed for more than three days, the task will not be accepted by default.

Once the alchemist chooses to accept the task, the alchemist and the client will automatically form a contract of heaven, which cannot be deceived or breached.

Because there is a fair judgment from Heaven, this model is safe and reasonable.

Otherwise, there are a lot of alchemists in this hall, and those people can just ask the alchemists to make alchemy on the spot.

In fact, those people dare not!