Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Who can be sure that after the alchemist takes the medicinal materials, will he pat his **** and leave?

Or after the success of alchemy, the alchemist will keep all the results for himself?

After all, in this hall, it is forbidden to kill each other.

When something is in someone else's hands, there is no guarantee.

If you want to entrust alchemy, it is safe and reliable to go through the alchemy business of the temple.

But the biggest problem now is that no alchemist can pass the certification examination of the temple and become a certified alchemist of the temple.

Without a certified alchemist, everyone will not be able to undertake the task!

Thinking of this, everyone felt depressed.

"Everyone, we are all in vain today. The three intermediate alchemists have all failed the assessment. It is estimated that without the level of senior alchemists, it is difficult to pass the certification!"

"Advanced alchemist? Haha! It's the sixth day of the novice assessment period. It is almost impossible to create a senior alchemist in such a short period of time!"

"Yeah! To put it bluntly, this temple assessment is too difficult!"

"That's it! That's it! It seems that today is a waste of time, and there is no new alchemist right now. It's pointless for me to stay here, so let's go back!"

The crowd murmured.

Many people are disappointed.

They sincerely hope that a certified alchemist can be born in this temple.

such a pity!

This wish is so hard to come true!

At the same time, Qin Feng had already walked to an altar and pressed the crystal ball with one hand.

Om~!

Suddenly, the crystal ball burst into light, and his mind was successfully linked with the spirit of the temple.

Seeing this, everyone watched curiously.

They want to know, this local tyrant, will there be any unexpected actions next?

At the same moment, after Qin Feng successfully linked with the spirit of the temple, the reminder of the spirit of the temple sounded in his mind.

[It is detected that you are an alchemist, congratulations that you are qualified to purchase the alchemy card. 】

[Reminder: The number of permissions to purchase Danfang Cards is related to the level of prestige. 】

[When the prestige reaches 100 points, you can get 1 purchase right; if you reach 150 points, you can get 2 purchase rights; if you reach 200 points, you can get 3 purchase rights... And so on, every 50 points of prestige can be added once. Purchase rights. 】

[Reminder: You can only purchase one type of Danfang card for each permission. 】

【It is detected that your reputation has reached 238 points, congratulations on your three purchase rights.】

Qin Feng was stunned.

This rule is similar to the Temple of Destruction, but the threshold is lower.

The threshold for the Temple of Extermination is 150 reputation points, and only one purchase permission can be made.

This Dan Temple is 100 points of reputation, and has the right to purchase.

With Qin Feng's reputation, he has three purchase rights in this Pill Temple.

This instantly made him feel good.

[Reminder: Beginner alchemists only have access to alchemy cards below Tier 2, and intermediate alchemists have access to alchemy cards below Tier 3, and so on….]

It turns out that the rank of the Dan Fang card is also related to the level of alchemy.

The higher the level of alchemy, the only one authorized to buy higher-level alchemy cards.

Qin Feng is glad that he is an intermediate alchemist, so he can buy a third-order alchemy card.

[Reminder: You have successfully linked with the spirit of the temple, and your thoughts have entered the interface of the temple mall...]

As the prompt sounded, a shopping mall interface appeared in front of Qin Feng.

He quickly clicked on the product list and pulled out a series of Danfang card lists.

With his authority as an intermediate alchemist, he could only see the first-order to third-order alchemy cards.

At the moment, he specifically checked the third-order Danfang card.

Because of his goal, he obtained the third-order Danfang card - the primary perception pill.

Soon, he found his target.

[Primary Comprehension Pill (Danfang Card), Tier 3]

[Price: 1000 contribution points. 】

Finally found it, and the price is very cheap!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

When he learns the refining method of the primary enlightenment pill, the refining power of the intermediate enlightenment pill will not be halved again.

At that time, he can safely refine the intermediate-level enlightenment pill.

Thinking of this, he happily checked the primary perception Danka.

Afterwards, he selected two more Tier 3 Danfang cards, used all the three purchase rights, and then pressed one button to purchase...

At the same moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng's back and muttered constantly.

"Everyone, tell me, is it possible that this guy is an alchemist?"

"Impossible! Alchemy masters are very poor in the early stage, so there are people who are as rich as him?"

"Well! It makes sense! The old man also thinks that this guy can't be an alchemist! He is too rich!"

As soon as these words fell, there was a change in the front.

Om~!

I saw the crystal ball that Qin Feng was pressing, and suddenly the light came out.

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and a beam of light fell from the sky and projected in front of Qin Feng.

Boom~!

There was an uproar!

"Hey! He can actually buy it!"

"My God! It turns out that he is also an alchemist!"

"How is this possible?! Why is he the only alchemist who is so rich?"

"I do not know!"

At this moment, everyone looked at each other.

But before they were shocked, there were three Danfang cards that slowly fell along the beam of light.

00

The crowd was in an uproar again.

Buy three cards at once!

That requires more than 200 reputation points to do.

There were more than 100 people in the audience, and no one had more than 200 reputation points.

Oh my God!

This local tyrant is not only an alchemist, but also has such a high reputation.

This time, everyone was shocked!

Looking at Qin Feng's back one by one silently, his eyes began to change.

If before this, they just envied Qin Feng's wealth, then after this moment, they would no longer dare to despise Qin Feng.

How can someone who can increase his reputation to more than 200 be weak?

This guy is really hiding!

Everyone took a deep breath, and there was awe in their eyes.

The atmosphere in the field also quieted down at this moment.

In a blink of an eye, the three Danfang cards arrived in front of Qin Feng.

He happily put it away.

Seeing this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief and thought it was over.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerated.

The crystal ball lit up with a dazzling white light again, and the voice of the hall spirit also sounded above the hall.

[Announcement from this hall: Qin Feng, an intermediate alchemist, has applied for the certification examination. Please go to the No. 1 arena to participate in the examination. 】

[Reminder: If you fail to enter the arena over time, this assessment will be automatically abandoned by default. You will need to wait one month for the next assessment before you can apply again. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was in an uproar again.

"He is still an intermediate alchemist!"

"Yeah! This guy is always surprising!"

"Tsk tsk! He is not only rich, but also has a high reputation and a high level of alchemy. I really don't know how he did it?!"

The crowd was amazed.

But at this moment, behind everyone, there was a sudden sound of footsteps.

Everyone couldn't help but follow the sound, and saw an old man in gray robes and a man in blue robes walking out of a hallway of the temple.

Both looked extremely proud.

As soon as they came in, they saw Qin Feng activated the certification assessment, and everyone was amazed.

The man in the blue shirt couldn't help but twitch the corners of his mouth slightly, feeling a little funny.

Immediately, he said, "Brother Baili, it's such a coincidence that we came here! As soon as I came in, I saw an intermediate alchemist applying for the certification test. It seems that he doesn't understand the difficulty of the certification test!"

The gray-robed old man also smiled slightly: "Yeah! This test is difficult, not to mention that he is an intermediate alchemist. Even if you and I make a shot, you may not be able to pass."

As soon as these words fell, everyone frowned.

These two guys who suddenly appeared, the tone is really big!

It made them seem to be more powerful than intermediate alchemists.

Qin Feng also felt strange.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Listening to the tone of these two people, it seems that they have a good understanding of the certification assessment.

However, he didn't bother to pay attention to it, he just followed Dianling's prompt and walked to the first arena.

When he walked to the No. 1 ring, the old man and the man had passed through the crowd, each walked to an altar, and pressed the crystal ball with one hand.

Om~! Om~!

Two consecutive beeps!

The crystal ball shines brightly.

In the next second, the voice of the hall spirit echoed over the hall.

[Announcement from this hall: Master Baili, the senior alchemist, has applied for the certification examination. Please go to the No. 2 arena to participate in the examination. 】

[Announcement from this hall: Senior alchemist Qu Rui has applied for the certification examination, please go to the No. 3 arena to participate in the examination. 】

Boom~!

This announcement came out.

There was an uproar!

Oh my God!