Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that both the old man and the man were senior alchemists!

Chapter 237 Endless magical effects, the winning rate has greatly increased!

At this moment, the hall was completely boiling!

"Advanced alchemists! They turned out to be senior alchemists!"

"Tsk! Tsk! It's incredible to be able to produce advanced alchemists during this period, and two at a time!"

"Yeah! It's shocking!"

Everyone was amazed and looked at the old man and the man in shock.

Even Qin Feng was shocked!

Now that it is only the sixth day of the novice assessment period, it is truly incredible to be able to produce an advanced alchemist.

What's even more incredible is that two of them came out at one time!

No wonder these two are so popular!

The old man Baili Shi and the man Qu Ru, looked at the shocked expressions of everyone, and their eyes were full of pride.

Ha ha!

This is a bunch of ignorant guys!

Immediately, the two walked towards the ring with a proud expression.

Everyone watched their every move silently, with awe in their eyes.

Senior alchemist!

Who dares to be disrespectful?

In this world of slaughtering the heavens, the higher the level of alchemists, the more respected they are.

At this time, someone in the crowd whispered.

"Everyone, now that senior alchemists have appeared, will there be a certified alchemist this time?"

"Huh! Yes!"

Everyone's eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

yes!

Senior alchemists have appeared, and this time a certified alchemist will be born.

Then they can do the alchemy task.

This is awesome!

At this thought, everyone was overjoyed, and looked at Master Baili and Qu Ruo eagerly one by one, and their expressions became more and more respectful.

Obviously, certified alchemists will be born among these two, and even these two will become certified alchemists.

After all, they are all senior alchemists!

As for Qin Feng, he was ignored by everyone unknowingly.

He is an intermediate alchemist, and if he wants to become a certified alchemist, I am afraid it is impossible.

Because all the previous intermediate alchemists failed, Qin Feng should be no exception.

At this thought, everyone pinned their hopes on Baili Shi and Qu Ru, and no one was optimistic about Qin Feng.

In the crowd, only Qiyue was alone, and he had been following Qin Feng's every move.

In her eyes, the master is always the best.

Only this time, two senior alchemists suddenly appeared, I am afraid that the master will be compared.

However, that's okay!

She believed that the master would definitely pass the test.

As long as the master passes the assessment, he will not be compared, but will be even more dazzling than the two master Baili.

An intermediate-level alchemist can achieve the same achievement as a high-level alchemist, and it is hard not to be dazzling.

At this moment, Master Baili passed by Qin Feng.

He glanced at Qin Feng blankly, then walked to the second ring without saying a word.

There is a chain of contempt among alchemists.

Senior alchemists have always looked down on intermediate alchemists, and he disdains to talk to Qin Feng.

Immediately afterwards, Qu Ruo also passed by Qin Feng.

He glanced at Qin Feng and shook his head secretly.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This kid is really over his head!

An intermediate-level alchemist dared to challenge the certification assessment, but he underestimated the difficulty of this assessment.

Even a high-level alchemist like them would not dare to pass the test, let alone an intermediate-level alchemist.

However, it has nothing to do with him.

Anyway, it's the boy who's unlucky.

This time the assessment failed, this kid will have to wait another month before he can participate in the assessment, which would be a waste of a lot of time.

Thinking of this, Qu Ruo gloated a little.

All these subtle changes were seen by Qin Feng.

He could feel that Master Baili and Qu Huo were quite disdainful of him.

These two guys are so proud!

However, he was too lazy to pay attention to those.

As long as he passes the certification assessment at his own pace, he will be the biggest winner in the game.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stepped onto the ring.

Om~!

As soon as he entered the ring, the sky above the hall shook slightly.

Immediately afterwards, a beam of light fell from the sky and fell above his head, and a large amount of information poured into his mind.

[Reminder: You have stepped into the arena, and the certification assessment will start immediately. 】

[Content of the assessment in this field: refining the third-order spiritual pill 'Qingji Dan', those who succeed in refining will pass the assessment. If you fail, you will need to reapply for the assessment one month later. 】

[Reminder: The refining method of Qingji Dan has been sent to you, and a refining medicine has been provided for free. 】

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes.

In such a short time, he obtained the refining method of Qingji Pill, and mastered a third-order pill recipe in vain.

This is a gift from the temple.

However, Qin Feng was not very happy, but felt more pressure.

Tier 3 elixir!

Refining is extremely difficult.

The success rate of alchemy for intermediate alchemists is 20%, which is only for first-order medicinal herbs.

If it is a second-order medicinal herb, the success rate will drop by 30%, leaving 14%.

If it is a third-order medicinal pill, the success rate will drop by 30%, and only 9.8% will remain, even less than 10%.

The higher the rank of the pill, the more difficult it is to refine.

"I really didn't expect it! This certification assessment actually requires refining the third-order elixir, which is really troublesome!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and began to worry.

If it weren't for the assessment, he really wouldn't be worried.

Even if the refining fails, he can turn waste into treasure and refine waste pills into useful pills.

But this certification assessment, you can't cheat like this!

To fail is to fail!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a lot of pressure in his heart.

What a challenge this time!

However, since the choice, then continue.

At the moment, he sat cross-legged.

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook, another beam of light fell, and a portion of medicinal materials slowly fell along the beam of light.

There is only one medicine!

Each examiner has only one refining opportunity.

Qin Feng took the herbs.

The arena also automatically raised a protective mask to protect the examiners from being disturbed by the outside world.

At the same time, Baili Shi in the second ring and Qu Ruo in the third ring also got the medicinal materials.

The two hurriedly sat cross-legged, preparing to concoct alchemy.

The content of the assessment they received was the same as Qin Feng, and they were all refining the tranquility pill.

At this moment, on the second ring.

Master Baili looked at the herbs in his hand and couldn't help but take a deep breath, and there was a trace of tension in his eyes.

The success rate of high-level alchemists is 50%, which is for first-order elixir.

If it is replaced with a third-order elixir, that is a 24.5% success rate, which is very low.

However, alchemists will have additional means.

As soon as Master Baili waved his hand, there was an alchemy furnace in front of him.

As soon as the alchemy furnace appeared, it immediately attracted a group of alchemists below to marvel, and all of them were envious.

It was actually a fourth-order alchemy furnace.

Generally speaking, the fourth-order alchemy furnace can double the success rate of alchemy.

In this way, Master Baili's success rate in refining third-order medicinal pills can reach 49%.

Of course, these are just base probabilities.

If the alchemist's wood talent reaches C rank or above, the success rate of alchemy will increase.

For example, the B-level wood talent can increase the success rate by 5%, and the A-level wood talent can increase the success rate by 10%.

Master Baili is an A-level wood-type talent, so his success rate in refining third-order medicinal herbs is about 59%.

This ratio is already very high!

On the other side, Qu Hui also summoned his own pill stove, which was actually a fourth-order pill stove.

However, his expression was more tense.

His wood-type talent is only B-rank, and the bonus probability is not large, so his success rate is 54%, which is more than half.

In fact, alchemy not only has requirements for alchemy, alchemy furnace, and wood talent, but also has requirements for the talent of six senses.

Because medicine pill refining is a kind of meticulous work.

The stronger the six senses, the more precise the control and the higher the success rate.

Neither Baili Shi nor Qu Huo had the talent for the six senses, so there would be no bonus.

However, Qin Feng's six-sense talent has reached the A-level six-sense awakening level, which can increase his success rate by 10%.

No one in the field knew about this.