Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In short, the medicinal materials are in hand, and the pill furnace is also released.

It's time for alchemy!

"Brother, let's start!"

Qu Yu took a deep breath and said hello to Master Baili.

Master Baili smiled slightly: "Okay! Brother Qu Yu, let's compete again this time to see who can refine the tranquility pill first?"

"Qu Mou has this intention!"

The two chatted and laughed, and prepared to make alchemy...

Om~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up.

Then a pill furnace engraved with dragon and phoenix patterns flew out of his body, and in a blink of an eye, it turned into a height of half a human, and landed in front of him, with a hidden spiritual light flowing on it, with extraordinary momentum.

That is Qin Feng's fifth-order elixir furnace - the dragon and phoenix bipolar furnace.

As soon as the Dan furnace appeared, it shocked the audience!

Below is another exclamation!

The fifth-order pill furnace!

The success rate of alchemy can be doubled!

But the fifth-order alchemy furnace is too rare, it is simply impossible to find.

I didn't expect that Qin Feng could also have it.

This guy is always amazing!

All the alchemists are envious!

Above the ring, Master Baili and Qu Huan also saw their eyes gleaming with admiration.

"Brother Baili, I really didn't expect this guy to have a fifth-order pill furnace."

"Yeah! It's a pity that he is only an intermediate alchemist. Giving him such a good alchemy furnace is simply a waste of money."

"Indeed!"

The tone of both of them was a little sour.

"Brother Qu, don't worry about this kid. Even if he has a fifth-order pill furnace to help him, he is doomed to fail. Let's start!"

"Brother is right!"

At the moment, the two began to burn alchemy...

Below the arena, everyone watched nervously.

On the other side, Qin Feng looked at the herbs and pill furnace in front of him, but he didn't do anything.

He is hesitating!

He just calculated that even with the help of the Pill Stove, Wood Element Talent, and Six Senses ability, his success rate is only 49.4%.

Not yet more than half, even lower than Baili Shi and Qu Hui.

"This can't be done! I haven't even passed half of them, so there is a high probability of failure! I have to think of another way to improve the success rate."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, looking at the spirit grass in his hand and thinking.

Suddenly, a light flashed in his mind.

By the way, a large part of the reason why alchemy fails is that there are too many impurities in the medicinal materials.

If he extracts the impurities from the herbs and greatly improves their quality, that should greatly increase the success rate of alchemy?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Then, he picked up a medicinal herb and wiped it lightly.

In the palm of his hand, a faint white light lit up.

After a while, his palms spread out, and there were a lot of gray impurities in the palms.

A medicinal material has been purified to 2.9 in this way, and the quality has risen to a high level.

Qin Feng was overjoyed and thought it was useful.

This time, he changed the extraction strategy, only extracting impurities, not essence.

Unexpectedly, I can really do whatever I want.

At the moment, he continued to purify the medicinal materials.

According to his assessment, if all the medicinal materials are purified and used for alchemy, the success rate can be increased by at least 25%.

In this way, his total success rate can be more than 69%, which has surpassed Baili Shi and Qu Hui, and is very good.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is more active in purifying the medicinal materials...

Seeing this scene, everyone below showed a strange color.

In their eyes, Qin Feng's behavior was strange.

They only saw that Qin Feng wiped every medicinal herb and did not go to alchemy, so they didn't know what he was doing.

At this moment, no one saw that every time Qin Feng touched the medicinal materials, there would be more impurities in the palm of his hand.

At the same time, Master Baili and Qu Ru also saw Qin Feng's strange behavior.

Both of them had sneer in their eyes.

They really don't understand, this kid doesn't make alchemy, but he touches the medicinal materials there, don't know what he's doing?

All in all, it's ridiculous!

At the moment, both of them felt that Qin Feng was not worthy of attention, and began to make alchemy with all their might.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to purify all the medicinal materials.

All this was done silently and without anyone knowing.

Looking at the refined medicinal materials in front of him, Qin Feng's confidence has greatly increased.

Immediately, he put those medicinal materials into the pill furnace and began to refine them.

The 238th chapter is the first in all realms! Certified Alchemist!

When all the medicinal materials were put into the pill furnace, Qin Feng flicked his index finger to light the fire.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Afterwards, he flipped his hands over, pinched the alchemy formula, and officially started alchemy.

That set of movements is like flowing clouds and flowing water, which makes people dazzled.

The people below were slightly moved, and couldn't help whispering.

"Everyone, look at Qin Feng's movements are very skilled!"

"Unfortunately, he is only an intermediate alchemist after all, this time is doomed to fail."

"Yeah! So many intermediate alchemists have failed, and Qin Feng is no exception."

"Let's see if a certified alchemist can be born today, depending on the performance of Master Baili and Qu Hui."

"Yeah! I hope that the luck of the two masters will not be too bad. As for Qin Feng, I won't count on him too much."

Everyone was muttering constantly, and their tone was full of dislike for Qin Feng.

In the crowd, Qi Yue pouted, a little unhappy.

However, she was also full of worries about Qin Feng.

In this way, the audience was watching Baili Shi and Qu Ru, their eyes were full of expectations, and there was some nervousness.

They managed to collect enough medicinal herbs, and they took the time to come here. Naturally, they hoped to be able to undertake the task of alchemy.

It is a pity that the temple has not yet produced a certified 09 alchemist, and they cannot undertake the task.

But no one wanted to run for nothing, and naturally hoped that at least one of the two Baili divisions could pass the assessment.

As for Qin Feng, they have given up, and no one is optimistic about him.

In the audience, only Qi Yue was watching Qin Feng silently.

The little girl was so nervous that she squeezed her hands tightly.

In her eyes, the master is everything to her.

But from the current situation, the owner's situation is not optimistic.

If the master fails, it will be miserable.

That will delay at least a month, and this will make the owner lose a lot of resource dividends.

At this thought, Qi Yue became even more uneasy...

Time flies!

Before you know it, an hour has passed.

In the arena, the alchemy of Master Baili and Qu Huan gradually reached a critical moment.

At this time, Qu Ruo took the lead in the step of condensing pills.

I saw his hands flying, one after another, into the Dan furnace finger, the speed is getting faster and faster.

For a moment, there were beads of sweat on his forehead.

Obviously, he was very nervous himself.

"Look! Qu Hui is about to release his pill!"

"Yeah! Soon! Soon! There will be results soon!"

Under the stage, everyone also held their breath, watching Qu Ru's performance nervously, not even daring to breathe.

At this moment, the hope in their hearts was pinned on Qu Ruo.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Qu Yan's step of condensing the pill finally reached the last step.

I saw that he played forty-eight pills in a row, the pill furnace continued to vibrate, and the spiritual light gradually released.

Everyone's eyes widened nervously, and their hearts were raised in their throats.

"Congeal~!"

At this moment, Qu Ruo let out a low voice and played the forty-ninth Dan Jue, which was the last Dan Jue.

Om~!

That pill furnace instantly aura soared!

Everyone's eyes are shining!

Looks like it's going to happen this time!

The first certified alchemist is about to appear.

puff~!

But in the next second, there was a light sound from the pill furnace.

Then, a scorched stench wafted out of the pill furnace.

Boom~!

There was an uproar!

Qu Hui actually failed!

He is an advanced alchemy!

This time, everyone's faces showed disappointment.

The expression on Qu Yan's face was even more difficult to look at in an instant.