Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He looked at the pill furnace in front of him blankly, as if he didn't expect that he would fail.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Master Baili also moved.

His pill furnace also lit up with aura, and it was getting brighter and brighter.

Everyone was startled and looked around.

"Master Baili is going to condense pills too!"

"Do you think he will succeed?"

"It should be! The old man can feel that Master Baili's wood-type talent is higher, and the hope of success will be greater."

"Besides, if two senior alchemists take action, according to probability theory, one of them will pass."

"That's right!"

During the conversation, everyone looked at Master Baili nervously, the hope became stronger, and the mood became more uneasy.

Qu Hui has failed.

Master Baili is their last hope!

How could they not be apprehensive?

It was at this moment that Master Baili played the last pill.

"Congeal~!"

Om~!

The Pill Furnace shines brightly!

puff~!

Another soft sound!

Condensation failed, and the smell of burnt wafted out.

Boom~!

There was an uproar.

Everyone howled.

"My God! Master Baili also failed!"

"It's over! It's over! Both of the two advanced alchemists have failed. It seems that it is impossible for a certified alchemist to be born today."

'Hey! The herbs I have prepared! There is nowhere to use it! "

"Yeah! It's not easy to find a certified alchemist these days!"

At this moment, the whole audience was lost.

Many people smiled wryly.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng also moved in the No. 1 ring.

Everyone was startled and looked around.

Seeing that Qin Feng's elixir furnace was shining brightly, he also entered the final step.

"Look! Qin Feng is going to condense pills too!"

"His alchemy speed is not slow. Unfortunately, he is only an intermediate alchemist after all!"

"Hey! Even Master Baili and Qu Rui have failed. Qin Feng's practice will be futile. He is doomed to fail..."

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng played the last pill.

Om~!

Suddenly, the aura of Pill Furnace 717 skyrocketed!

Then, a stream of Dan Xiang came out from the Dan furnace!

Boom~!

It worked!

Qin Feng succeeded!

The audience was shocked and shocked!

Even Baili Shi and Qu Ru were dumbfounded!

At this moment, the voice of the hall spirit echoed over the hall.

[Announcement of the main hall: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the intermediate alchemist, who passed the certification examination and was promoted to the certified alchemist of the main hall! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the announcement came out, everyone woke up!

Immediately, the audience burst into earth-shattering cheers.

"My God! Qin Feng succeeded! He actually succeeded!"

"Haha! Certified alchemist! The temple finally has a certified alchemist!"

"That's right! Get off the alchemy quest!"

"Fuck~! The old man almost forgot about this!"

"Haha! I'll go grab a spot first and then talk about it!"

"Don't crowd! Don't crowd! First come first, please queue up consciously!"

"This friend, please don't push me. There are two people in line in front of me, didn't you see?"

At this moment, everyone rushed to the altar and started the task of alchemy. The scene was extremely hot.

On the ring, Qin Feng looked at this scene and felt extremely happy.

These guys are all sending resources to themselves.

From now on, his nourishing days will begin

Chapter 239 Alchemy Master Ninth Grade, the harvest is complete!

On the other side, Baili Shi and Qu Ruo were envious and embarrassed watching the hot scene in the field.

They never expected that they would lose to an intermediate alchemist like Qin Feng.

If this matter spreads out, it is really shameless!

The two glanced at Qin Feng with a complicated expression, no longer the previous contempt.

No one who can pass the certification examination is weak.

This Qin Feng is really unexpected!

"Brother, let's go!"

Qu Yan muttered.

Master Baili nodded slightly.

Afterwards, the two of them silently got off the ring and escaped in despair.

They really have no face to stay.

At the same time, they are also very disappointed.

The two of them can become senior alchemists, which is the result of training with the power of the whole family.

Originally, they all thought that they would become the first certified alchemist in Myriad Realms.

Unexpectedly, they all failed!

Today, the first certified alchemist in Wanjie is Qin Feng!

That kid is destined to eat enough business dividends from the temple and make a lot of money!

At this moment, the two are extremely envious in their hearts...

At the same time, on the ring.

Qin Feng is in a good mood.

He didn't care about the departure of Master Baili.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

It was at this moment that the reminder of the spirit of the temple sounded in his mind.

[Congratulations on becoming a certified alchemist in this hall. As the first certified alchemist, you have received 5 reputation rewards. (Followers will no longer have prestige rewards)]

[Congratulations on getting the 'Certified Alchemist' interface. Through this interface, you can enter the Dan Shrine Mall to shop, submit tasks and other operations. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he quickly opened the Tiandao light screen.

Sure enough, at the bottom of the channel, there is an additional [Certified Alchemist] interface.

He clicked on the interface and saw his own information.

[Certification Level]: Grade 1 Alchemist (0/100)

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Alchemy]: Intermediate

[Task success rate]: Not counted (one count every 100 times)

【Task Points】: 0 points.

[Number of tasks that can be accepted]: 100…

After reading the relevant introduction, Qin Feng understood.

It turns out that certified alchemists are also graded, the worst is the first grade, and the highest is the divine grade.

The level of rank determines the upper limit of the number of tasks that can be accepted.

For example, a Grade 1 alchemist can only accept 100 quests in seven days.

A second-grade alchemist is 200 tasks.

The upper limit of this number is naturally the higher the better.

In addition, the higher the rank of certified alchemists, the lower the prestige requirement for purchasing the alchemy card.

In conclusion, the higher the level, the more benefits.

And this level judgment is based on the task points.

If you succeed in alchemy for a customer, you will get points; if you fail in alchemy, there will be no points and no points will be deducted.

After reading it, Qin Feng understood the general situation and was very satisfied.

What he is most satisfied with is that with this interface, he can enter the temple mall anytime and anywhere in the future to buy the Danfang card he wants, and he no longer needs to go to the temple to buy it in person.

Thinking of this, he glanced at the bottom column again.

【Number of tasks you are applying for】: 27….28….29…

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

Now he is the only certified alchemist in the temple, and everyone is applying for quests from him, so the number of quests has soared…

This means that everyone is scrambling to send him resources!

Thinking about it, he felt comfortable.

Satisfied to close the interface, Qin Feng opened the pill furnace in front of him and took out two blue elixir.

As soon as the medicine came out, the fragrance overflowed!

That is the third-order medicinal pill-Qingjing Dan, which is infinitely useful.

However, Qin Feng has no time to study.

This time the operation was successful, and he should go back.