Thinking of this, he put away the spirit pill and the pill furnace and walked down the arena.

"Owner!"

Qi Yue walked over excitedly.

"Little girl, let's go back!"

"Um!"

As soon as the two were about to leave, a group of people enthusiastically gathered around and greeted Qin Feng.

"I have seen Master Qin Feng in Xia Zuomu! Master, I have already submitted an application for alchemy to you. If the master sees my name, I hope you can help me alchemy first, and I am very grateful!"

"Master Qin Feng, the little girl Liuyue also submitted an application to you..."

"Master, the old man also submitted to you..."

"Master Qin Feng, please help me refine it first."

"Master, I have no other expectations, so please don't reject my application!"

At this moment, everyone was extremely enthusiastic and approached Qin Feng, hoping that Qin Feng would give them priority.

"Good talk! Good talk!"

Qin Feng smiled and walked to the temple while perfunctory.

The crowd huddled in front and back, respectfully sending each other all the way.

That scene was like a group of strong men, sending off a top-ranking boss, which was very beautiful.

"Master Qin Feng, the little old man is a top-quality foundation building, and his strength is decent. The little old man wants to make friends with the master, I wonder if I have this honor?"

"Master, the little girl admires you. If you are fortunate, I hope that the master can come to my Heavenly Star Realm as a guest. The little girl will definitely greet you and have a long talk with you about night affairs..."

"Master, do you already have a spouse? I have a sister next to me, who is very beautiful and matches you very well!"

"Master, don't believe him! The women of the Myriad Beast Realm are all tigers and waists, so what kind of beauties are there? There are many beauties in our Hundred Flowers Realm. If the Master is willing, I have three sisters who are like flowers and jade. I will introduce them all to you!"

"Grandmaster……"

At this moment, Qin Feng was almost melted by everyone's enthusiasm.

Those guys sent each other all the way, but refused to leave.

Until he walked into the hallway of the temple, those people had to stop sending each other.

Today, Tiandao has not yet opened cross-border permissions.

That corridor leads directly to the Blue Star Realm, and those people cannot enter.

However, they still did not leave, and watched Qin Feng leave enthusiastically one by one.

Until Qin Feng left the temple and completely disappeared from the sight of everyone, those people still stayed in place and refused to leave for a long time.

After a long time, there was a sigh in the field.

"Everyone, this Master Qin Feng is really shocking!"

"Yeah! He is not only rich, but also has a high reputation, and his alchemy skills are also amazingly high, and he can compare with senior alchemists. It's incredible!"

"It's the first time I've seen such an outstanding person!"

"Everyone, have you found that Master Qin Feng's information shows that he is still in the human-level realm, and his origin is only in the world of Xiaoqian. How can a person as good as him be in the human-level realm?"

"Haha! Do you also believe that information? In the heavens and the world, all kinds of methods are unbelievable. Maybe, Master Qin Feng's true identity is the son of God who wanders the world, and he naturally has the means to tamper with his information."

"Yeah! It's really possible!"

"Oh! The little girl seems to have missed a good marriage!"

At this moment, everyone felt that Qin Feng was very mysterious, and they respected him more and more...

At the same moment, on Danding Square.

Qin Feng is in a good mood.

Qiyue was even more excited.

This trip, the master not only handled everything successfully, but also received a lot of money, she was happy for the master.

"Master, what shall we do next?"

Qin Feng looked up at the sky, it was already sunset.

Another day is coming!

After tonight, the novice assessment period will usher in the last day.

And tomorrow morning, the army of the Cang clan will march on the city.

He needs to get ready now!

"Time is running out, let's go back quickly, I have to refine the advanced perception pill earlier."

Having said this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

If he wants to crush the Cang clan army, he has to learn the seventh-order skill - doomsday natural disaster.

But in order to master the doomsday natural disaster, he must upgrade the thunder talent to A rank.

Then you have to rely on the Intermediate Comprehension Pill!

The Intermediate Comprehension Pill is a fourth-order spiritual pill, and it is not easy to refine.

He has to go back and take the time to study.

And the army of the Cang clan was coming, so there was not much time left for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put Qiyue into the zero-degree space and pressed a button to return to the village

Chapter 240 The ancient jungle, a surprise!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

In the next second, Qin Feng returned to the novice cabin in Tayue Town.

Later, he also entered the zero-degree space.

A few minutes later, in the room.

Qin Feng started intense work.

Tomorrow morning, the Cang clan army is coming, he must hurry up.

Thinking of this, he released the four avatars.

Afterwards, the four avatars each took out a pill furnace and began to concoct pills.

He still has a large amount of Tier 1 spirit grass in his hand, which can be used to refine Tier 1 medicinal herbs, just to let the four avatars consume these spirit grasses.

As a result, a large number of Tier 1 medicinal pills can be refined to enhance the strength of him and the villagers.

Second, it is to increase alchemy proficiency and improve the level of alchemy.

That high-level perception pill is a fourth-order spiritual pill.

With his current alchemy ability, if he forcibly refines it, there is a high possibility of failure.

And he only has three **** of golden royal jelly in his hand, which cannot be easily wasted.

Therefore, in order to improve the success rate of alchemy, he let the four avatars continue to refine the first-order elixirs to improve their proficiency.

When the alchemy technique reaches the advanced level, then refine the advanced perception pill.

After arranging the work of the clone, Qin Feng took out a large number of waste pills, more than 2,000.

Seeing so many waste pills, he felt happy.

This is exactly what he bought from those alchemists.

To others, these waste pills are a pile of useless garbage.

To him, it was a pile of treasures.

Immediately, he picked up a waste pill and began to extract it.

In this way, Qin Feng and the four avatars are all devoted to the intense work...

At the same time, in Tayue Town, thirty miles away, in a hidden mountain.

At this time, a slender and beautiful girl was studying the boulder in front of her curiously.

The girl's name is Li Ying, a villager of Longyuan Village.

She was originally the No. 1 powerhouse in 618 Village, but after arriving in Longyuan Village, she couldn't even rank in the top 100.

It is nothing more than the strong people in the headquarters of Longyuan Village, and the strongest group of people who follow Qin Feng's boss have all received great 317 benefits.

This made Li Ying admire those people, and at the same time admire Qin Feng more and more in her heart.

"Strange! There is so much white light behind this boulder?"

Li Ying muttered in her heart.

The boulder in front of her, ten meters long, five meters wide, and one meter thick, weighed several thousand kilograms by visual inspection, and was leaning against the cliff at the bottom of the col.

"Sister Li Ying, what are you looking at? The sun is about to set, and the wilds are very dangerous at night. Let's go back to Tayue Town first!"

A girl's voice sounded behind Li Ying.

That is Li Ying's companion Zhu Xiaoli.

The two are of equal strength. Ever since they met, they have often teamed up to kill monsters.

"Xiao Li, come and take a look, this boulder is a little weird!"

Li Ying greeted his companions behind him.

"What's so weird?"

Zhu Xiaoli stepped forward curiously.

"Xiao Li, look at the back of this boulder, is there a white light?"

"Hey! It's true! The white light is very dim. If it weren't for the dusk at the moment, I really wouldn't have found it. It's strange, how can there be white light behind this boulder?"

"Xiao Li, do you think there will be treasures under this stone?"

Zhu Xiaoli's eyes lit up: "Yes! Maybe there is a treasure!"

Li Ying was also excited: "Xiao Li, let's move this big stone away together and see what's underneath?"

"it is good!"

At the moment, the two girls worked together to move the boulder.

On the Blue Star, they were just ordinary girls.

But in the heavens and the world, they have grown into powerhouses with a combat power of 50 stars.

After a lot of hard work, the two finally moved the boulder.

Boom~!

A loud bang!

The huge boulder fell to the ground, causing the entire mountain to tremble, and a dazzling white light appeared in front of them.

The two women quickly looked at Bai Guang, and saw a white door of light on the cliff at the bottom of the mountain.

The gate of light was previously blocked by boulders and could not be seen at all, but now it is fully exposed.

"Hey! Sister Li Ying, this door of light seems to be the entrance to a secret realm."

Zhu Xiaoli was greatly surprised.

"Go! Let's go in and see!"

The two women looked at each other, and they couldn't hold back their curiosity and walked towards the door of light.

The gate of light is one person tall and three feet wide.

Li Ying was bold and walked in first.

Zhu Xiaoli followed closely.

As soon as he stepped into the door of light, he felt that the scene before his eyes changed for a while.