Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The next second, the two women discovered that they had entered a mysterious valley.

There are towering trees everywhere in the valley, as high as ten thousand feet, and they are all ancient trees of ten thousand years.

The two girls were amazed.

At this time, Tiandao also reminded the two girls that they stepped into the ancient jungle.

"Wow! Sister Li Ying, there are so many thousand-year-old trees here! Looking at the number, I can't see the end at a glance. I'm afraid there are millions of them."

"Yeah! I didn't expect that there is such a secret place near Tayue Town. I don't know what is in the depths of this jungle?"

"Sister Li Ying, will there be any strange creatures?"

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the two women changed slightly, and some retreated.

"Forget it, Xiaoli, let's go back! We will report this secret realm to Miss Qiyue, and she will tell the boss to deal with it."

"Alright!"

Zhu Xiaoli nodded again and again.

With their strength, they really dare not rush in the unknown secret realm.

Immediately, the two women turned and left.

But at the door, Li Ying was a little unwilling.

"Xiao Li, we have finally discovered a secret realm, so we can't just leave empty-handed! By the way, when ordinary trees are cut down, they are rank 0 wood. What can we get after cutting down these ten thousand-year-old trees?"

"Will you get more advanced wood?"

"Try it?"

"it is good!"

The two girls were suddenly curious, so they chose a ten thousand-year-old tree to cut down.

Those 10,000-year-old trees are very thick, and any one of them is as thick as two people hugging each other.

It took a full quarter of an hour for the two women to cut down one plant.

But after a while, the cheers of the two women sounded in the field.

"Wow! Green wood core! There is a green wood core in the center of this tree!"

"My God! Such a long green wood core! There are five units."

"Sister Li Ying, we are going to make a fortune! There are millions of ancient trees here, so there are inexhaustible green wood cores!"

"Excellent! What we lack most in Longyuan Village at the moment is Aoki Core, and this is the mine site of Aoki Core, which just solves our immediate needs! Xiaoli, let's report this matter to Elder Qishan!"

"it is good!"

The two girls were overjoyed and immediately sent a message to Qishan...

At the same time, at the bottom of Tongtian Lake, there is a frozen ice mine.

Hundreds of Qi clan members are mining ice stones there.

Elder Qishan, while watching the progress of the clan, took stock of the resources of Longyuan Village.

After a moment, he let out a long sigh.

Qi Yun on the side was surprised: "Grandpa, why are you sighing?"

Qishan smiled bitterly: "Hey! Our Longyuan Village has abundant resources of Frost Stone and Fire Glazed Glass. Even the Wutu Nucleus, the master brought hundreds of them last time, which solved the need for upgrading the village to level 5. ."

"Only the green wood core is the most scarce resource in our Longyuan Village. It greatly delays the upgrade speed of our Longyuan Village!"

"If this problem is not resolved, after the novice assessment is over, it will be difficult for our Longyuan Village to gain an advantage in the ranking of Wanjie villages!"

Having said this, Qishan was anxious.

Eat the king's wealth, bear the king's worries.

The owner trusts him so much and entrusts the resource allocation to him, and he naturally has to do his best.

Qi Yun also frowned: "Grandpa, this is indeed a difficult problem. The green wood core is a second-order resource, so it's really hard to find!"

Qishan muttered: "Speaking of which, this old man has heard rumors from his ancestors that Tayue Town used to be famous for being rich in green wood core resources. But this old man has observed around Tayue Town several times, but he has not seen any green wood core resources?"

As soon as these words fell, Qishan's private chat message rang.

He quickly opened it to check, and found that it was from Li Ying.

The two quickly got in touch.

After some exchanges, Qishan showed ecstasy.

Qi Yun was curious: "Grandpa, what's wrong?"

Qishan caressed his beard and laughed: "Haha! It's really God's help to Longyuan! Li Ying and the others have discovered the resource point of Qingmuxin. According to a rough assessment, there are at least nearly 100 million in stock!"

Boom~!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Qiyun's body trembled violently.

Oh my God!

Nearly a billion?

That is richer than the ice deposits at the bottom of the lake!

This time, Qi Yun was also overjoyed.

Longyuan Village is destined to take off! ...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

One hour has passed in the outside world, and three hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged.

There are more than 2,000 spiritual pills piled up in front of him.

After three hours of hard work, he finally extracted more than 2,000 spiritual pills, and the harvest was huge.

Among the more than 2,000 elixir, there are thirteen first-order elixir, four second-order elixir, and one third-order elixir.

That third-order elixir is the quiet elixir.

At this time, he will be able to increase his strength and pick out all the elixir.

The number of each kind of elixir has reached the limit of consumption, and there are more than 200 in total.

When he finishes taking these more than 200 pills, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

Then, he picked up an elixir and prepared to take it.

At this moment, a childish voice sounded in his mind.

"Dad! Dad! I've leveled up!"

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, a little dumbfounded.

When did he have children?

It looks like he doesn't even have a wife!

Hearing that tender voice, it seemed like a girl.

By the way, where did that sound come from?

Just when he was in doubt, the little girl's voice resounded in his heart again.

"Dad! Daddy! I'm so hungry!"

Qin Feng was suddenly surprised.

This is the voice from telepathy, it turned out to be his pet of war.

He was immediately surprised and delighted.

He knew for a long time that after Xiao Huoluan reached level 20, he would be able to transform into a human form, but now that it is obviously not there, how can he speak?

At the moment, he hurriedly transmitted his mind to the past.

"Little Luan'er, what level are you now?"

"Dad, I'm level 11!"

"You can speak at level 11! Not bad! Not bad!"

Qin Feng was amazed.

It is definitely a good thing for Xiao Luan'er to be able to speak, and it will be easier to communicate in the future.

"Dad! I'm so hungry!"

"Little guy, come back first! I happen to have some medicinal herbs for you here!"

"Dad, you are so nice!"

Xiao Luan was very happy.

At the moment, Qin Feng ended the telepathic communication.

At this moment, he is also full of expectations for Xiao Luan's return.

The 241st chapter strength is increasing again and again

After explaining about Xiao Luan'er, Qin Feng began to take the medicine pill

[Successful taking the first-order purple ginseng Dan! Your physical attribute +16! 】

[Successful taking the first-order purple ginseng Dan! Your Constitution attribute +15! 】

[Successful taking the first-order purple ginseng Dan! Your physical attribute +17! 】

One after another, the medicinal herbs entered the throat and turned into warm currents, flowing to the limbs and bones...

Qin Feng only felt warm all over his body, and his momentum was soaring, which made him extremely comfortable...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than an hour has passed.

Qin Feng refined the more than 200 medicinal pills, and the combat power soared to 773 stars in one fell swoop.

This made him very satisfied.

The increase in strength has made him more confident - facing the Cang clan army.

Of course, there are more medicines he can take.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the four avatars beside him.

I saw that next to each clone, there was a pile of full pills, no less than a hundred.

Those are all Tier 1 medicinal pills refined by clones.

With the help of the four avatars, Qin Feng's alchemy proficiency has greatly increased in the past few hours.

It is now an intermediate level (187/300), and as long as you add another 113 proficiency, you can be promoted to advanced alchemy.

This progress surprised Qin Feng.

Now, the number of his clones has doubled, and his proficiency in alchemy has nearly doubled.

Immediately, with a wave of his hand, he sucked the four piles of medicinal pills in front of him.

After some selection, he picked out thirty or so that he could take.

At this moment, the space in front of him was distorted.

Then a golden flame bird burst out of the sky.

Little Fire Luan is back!

In fact, it took only twenty minutes for Xiao Huoluan to travel.