Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The time flow rate of this zero-degree space is three times that of the outside world.

"Guji! Guji!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he let out a few cheers.

But the voice in Qin Feng's ears turned into the voice of a little girl.

"Dad, I'm back!"

Qin Feng was delighted and looked at Xiao Huoluan happily.

He found that the little guy became bigger and his aura increased a lot, his fiery red feathers were even more radiant, and he became more and more like a divine bird and a phoenix.

At this moment, Xiao Huoluan's heart moved, and he put away the golden flames all over his body, reduced it to about the size of a foot, and jumped into Qin Feng's arms happily to act like a spoiled child.

"Dad! Dad! Where's the medicine pill?"

"Little guy, the medicine pill for you is ready, it's all here..."

Qin Feng fondly took out more than 200 medicinal pills.

"Wow! That's a lot!"

The little guy was overjoyed, and circled around the pill happily a few times.

"Dad, I want a storage ring. I'm going to pack them up and eat slowly!"

"Can you use the storage ring?"

"I can use it!"

Qin Feng was curious, so he took out a storage ring, put all the medicinal pills in it, and also put some smoked meat that Xiao Luaner likes to eat.

This little guy followed Qin Feng, his mouth was full, and he was not used to eating ordinary barbecue.

"Here! The medicinal herbs are all in!"

Qin Feng spread out his palm and handed over the storage ring.

"Thank you dad!"

Xiao Huoluan happily picked up the storage ring and put it on his little paw.

Afterwards, as soon as it held its small mouth, it saw a flash of the storage ring, and there was an extra magic pill in the little guy's mouth.

It can actually take items out of the storage ring.

This little guy is really smart!

Qin Feng was delighted to see it.

After Xiao Huoluan swallowed the elixir in one gulp, he smashed his small mouth, showing an expression of enjoyment.

Qin Feng felt a little funny.

Afterwards, he spoiled and said: "Little guy, I have to work hard for you tonight. You continue to guard hundreds of miles away, monitoring the movements of the Cang clan army. No one knows when they will arrive, we have to make it ahead of time. Take precautions."

Guck! Guck!

"Dad, Xiao Luan'er is leaving now!"

Xiao Huoluan called out obediently and left.

After the little guy left, Qin Feng also refined the thirty or so pills, and the combat power soared to 787 stars again.

Another great improvement!

After doing this, he summoned Qiyue through the voice channel.

A few minutes later, Qi Yue happily entered the room.

"Master, are you looking for me?"

"Well, there are about 2,000 spiritual pills in this storage ring. You can take out what you need, and distribute the rest to Qishan and Liu Xuan."

"Wow! It's like that again!"

Qiyue happily accepted the storage ring.

"By the way, master, my grandfather asked me to tell you! This time, Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli discovered a secret realm, which is full of tens of thousands of years old trees, with more than one million trees. Each ancient tree can produce 5 To 10 units of Aoki cores!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "So to speak! That secret realm is an endless resource library of green wood cores!"

Qi Yue said happily: "That's right! Now, my grandfather is so excited about this. He said that with this Aoki core resource point, our Longyuan Village is destined to take off. Not to mention, it will be upgraded to level 5. The speed of the village is more than ten times faster."

Qin Feng nodded again and again: "Not bad! Not bad! Frost stone, green wood core, fire glaze, and Wutu crystal nucleus, these four are strategic resources, and the villages of Wanjie are all competing for it."

"Not to mention, on our World Channel alone, there are villages seeking to buy these strategic resources every day, but no one sells them. It can be seen that they have discovered the importance of strategic resources and are unwilling to sell them."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Even if there is any surplus, they will save it for the promotion of the next-level village. I can say with certainty that the war between villages in the future is likely to be caused by the competition for these strategic resources."

Qiyue was delighted: "Master, in this way, our Longyuan Village already has a huge advantage in terms of strategic resources."

"We have both the Frost Stone Mine, the Aoki Core Mine, and the Fire Glazed Glass. The owner can also get a lot of them. If we can get another pentasite crystal core mine, it will be perfect. ."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "When we defeat the Cangzu army this time, our next step is to occupy the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold. Near their stronghold, there is a Wutu crystal mine."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master, if the problem of Wutujing is solved, our Longyuan will really take off."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's too early to say this! You go and distribute the medicinal pills now, so that they can improve their strength. Tomorrow morning, there will be a battle."

"By the way, Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli have made great contributions this time, so I will arrange them into my key training list. In the future distribution of medicinal herbs, I will also arrange a copy for them!"

There are nine people on Qin Feng's key training list.

They are Qiyue, Qishan, Qiyun, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, Liu Yuan, and Gu Ming.

Now we will add Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli.

If you have merit, you will be rewarded, and if you have failed, you will be punished!

Qin Feng wants to manage tens of thousands of villagers well, so naturally he must give clear rewards and punishments.

"Master, Yue'er will arrange it now. By the way, Master, this is the latest acquisition of Yue'er, and now I give it to you!"

Qiyue handed in another storage ring.

Afterwards, she left in a hurry to arrange the distribution of medicinal pills.

Qin Feng took a look at the ring, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

I saw the storage ring, there were three second-order pill furnaces, one third-order pill furnace, and three golden treasure chests.

Pill stove is one of the items Qin Feng lacks most.

The higher the grade of the alchemy furnace, the higher the alchemy rate and the shorter the alchemy time.

Today, his four avatars are still using Tier 1 Pill Stove, and there is a shortage of good Pill Stove.

Qiyue's acquisition is really sweet.

The little girl spent her time on him, and she could always think of what he needed.

At the moment, Qin Feng took out four pill furnaces and replaced the first-order pill furnaces of the four avatars.

00

So far, the four avatar shotguns have been replaced by cannons, and the efficiency of alchemy has been greatly accelerated.

Later, Qin Feng took out the three gold treasure chests in the storage ring and completed the synthesis of the treasure chests.

So far, he has a purple diamond treasure chest, two dark treasure chests, and two gold treasure chests.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin opened the 'Certified Alchemist' interface again.

Seeing this, he laughed.

I saw that there were already as many as 173 elixirs that needed to be refined, ranging from Tier 1 to Tier 3.

Qin Feng browsed the task list, and selected some alchemy tasks of tier 2 and 3, and ignored all tier 1 tasks.

His time is precious, and he has no energy to spend on 1st-order alchemy.

What's more, the efficacy of the second-order elixir is much greater than that of the first-order elixir.

The only pity is that the materials for the second-order elixir are very difficult to collect, and it is more than dozens of times more difficult than the first-order.

Even Qin Feng doesn't have much material for refining the second-order elixir.

Nowadays, there are a lot of people who took the initiative to send him Tier 2 materials and let him refine Tier 2 elixir, and the results were half and half.

Why is he not happy?

Just thinking about it makes him feel cool!

At the moment, Qin Feng summoned the dragon and phoenix polar furnace in a happy mood, and started to do those 2nd-order elixir tasks...

At the same moment, Tayue Town, thousands of miles away.

In a valley, there are bonfires everywhere.

At this moment, more than 3,000 people have been stationed in the valley.

They are the army of the Cang clan heading to Tayue Town, planning to spend the night in the valley tonight and set off at dawn.

The jungle at night is full of dangers.

Even the Cang clan army was unwilling to act overnight.

At this moment, in the center of the camp, by a bonfire.

Old Gu stared at the bonfire in front of him with a gloomy expression.

The surrounding prefecture-level powerhouses did not look very good, and they were silent.

The dark red firelight swayed on their faces, further setting off the depressing atmosphere.

After a long time, a middle-aged man broke the silence.

"Elder Gu, Bai Qiong and Fengxi have lost contact for no reason. Most of the time, something happened."

When the silence was broken, the local powerhouses began to mutter.

"I really didn't expect it! With the strength of Bai Qiong and Fengxi, there will be an accident. It seems that there is a big problem in Tayue Town!"

"Yeah! If something goes wrong, there must be a demon! Old Gu, or I'll go check it out tonight. I have a talent for darkness. I can hide in this dark night, and I should be able to find out the truth."

A man in black took the initiative to ask Ying.

Gu Lao stopped: "No need! We are not far from Tayue Town, and we will be there tomorrow morning. At that time, our army will directly destroy Tayue Town. This old man wants to see, what the **** is hidden in Tayue Town? "

The loss of contact between Bai Qiong and Feng Qi made Old Gu very angry.

There were seventeen prefecture-level powerhouses who came out with him, but two people had already lost before the war started.

After this made him go back, how would he explain to the patriarch?

For any guardian force, the prefecture-level powerhouse is the mainstay of the clan and cannot be easily lost.

Therefore, he rejected the request of the man in black, just because he was worried about another accident.

Thinking of this, Old Gu looked around at the powerhouses.

"Everyone, rest early! Tomorrow morning, there will be a **** battle! No matter who is hiding in Tayue Town, I will wash it with blood and avenge Bai Qiong and Fengxi!"

"Yes! Old Gu!"

The strong men were ordered to retreat.

In a blink of an eye, by the bonfire, only Elder Gu was left.

At this moment, he looked up at the night sky, showing contemplation.

Judging from the current situation, Bai Qiong and Feng Qi have fallen.

At the speed of Bai Qiong and the two, they could not escape the killing, I am afraid that the murderer has the strength of more than six layers of heaven, or even seven layers of heaven.

So it seems, this time things are very difficult!

Fortunately, he still has a hole card!

With that trump card, he is not even afraid of the eighth-level powerhouse, and the sixth-level heaven and the seventh-level heaven are nothing.

Chapter 242 Talent promotion, the seventh rank is approaching!

When night fell, the 'village chief mission' also began.