Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This is the sixth night of the novice assessment period.

This time, more than 2,000 people participated in Zone 1.

In many novice villages, five or six people team up to participate.

The closer to the end of the novice assessment, the more people who have broken through to level 10. There has been a lively chat in the regional channel, but the villagers of Longyuan are not seen.

The two sides are no longer on the same level.

However, Longyuan Village is facing its own crisis.

At this moment, in the Longyuan Village channel, everyone is discussing worriedly.

"Everyone, it's getting dark! When the sun rises, the army of the Cang clan will be killed. I'm so worried about the brothers in Tayue Town!"

"Yeah! I'm so worried too! I heard from Miss Qiyue that there will be more than 3,000 people in the Cang clan army this time, all of them with a combat power of 50 to 70 stars. It's really terrifying!"

"The brothers stationed in Tayue Town have combat power of 50 to 70 stars, and they are no worse than the Cang clan's children! It's just that there are too few people in Tayue Town, and now there are only more than 600 people."

"Hey! More than 600 people are really bad for more than 3,000 people!"

The villagers of Longyuan are only eligible to apply to be stationed in Tayue Town if their combat power reaches 50 stars.

Qi Yuelai is also responsible for this matter!

Before you know it, more than 600 villages in Longyuan Village, whose battle strength has exceeded 50 stars, have all settled in Tayue Town.

Today's Longyuan Village, stationed in Tayue Town, has become a symbol of identity and status.

Those villagers at the bottom are very eager to be stationed in Tayue Town.

What's more, their boss Qin Feng is stationed in Tayue Town.

However, the current crisis in Tayue Town also worries all the villagers.

"Everyone, six hundred versus three thousand, the situation in Tayue Town is very unfavorable!"

"Listening to Miss Qiyue, they have more than a dozen prefecture-level powerhouses coming this time."

"My God! Then Tayue Town is in danger!"

"Don't be nervous upstairs, Tayue Town has the boss stationed, it will be fine."

"That's right! With Boss Qin Feng here, what are we afraid of?"

"Everyone, just wait for the dawn! The boss has never let us down, and this time he will definitely help Tayue Town to tide over the difficulties."

At this moment, everyone was talking about it, and everyone pinned their expectations on Qin Feng.

I don't know when, the villagers have long regarded Qin Feng as a **** in their hearts, as if Qin Feng is omnipotent.

This also makes them more loyal to Qin Feng, almost unconditionally trusting...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng and the four avatars were concocting pills at the same time.

After the four avatars replaced the high-level pill furnace, they refined the first-order elixir, which was even more handy.

Om~! Om~! Om~!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At this time, Qin Feng and the pill furnace of the four avatars lit up at the same time.

They actually reached the step of condensing pills at the same moment.

In the next second, a stream of Danxiang came out from the five Danzun furnace…

This time it was all a success!

[You succeeded in refining the Tier 2 Body Origin Pill, you got 4 Body Origin Pills, +5 proficiency points]

[Your clone successfully refines Tier 1 Tianxiang Pill, gets 3 Tianxiang Pill, +2 proficiency]

[Your clone successfully refines Tier 1 Tianxiang Pill, gets 3 Tianxiang Pill, +2 proficiency]

...

【Your proficiency is full! Congratulations on your promotion of alchemy to the advanced level, and the success rate of alchemy has increased. 】

good! good!

Alchemy has finally risen to an advanced level!

He has become a senior alchemist.

More importantly, he can try to refine the intermediate-level perception pill.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Then, he opened the pill furnace and took out four white elixir.

That was the second-order spiritual pill he had just refined—the body essence pill.

As soon as he took out the body essence pill, he opened the certified alchemist interface and submitted the task.

【The task was submitted successfully! 】

[Congratulations on completing this alchemy task and get 2 points. 】

[Congratulations on completing this alchemy task, you have obtained half of the results, 2 body essence pills. 】

A burst of white light lit up, and there were two more body essence pills in front of Qin Feng.

He happily put it away.

This is his gain.

After doing this, he took another deep breath and took out a ball of golden royal jelly and a pile of medicinal herbs.

He wants to start the biggest task tonight, which is to refine the intermediate-level perception pill.

Immediately, he opened the pill furnace, put the golden royal jelly and various medicinal materials in according to the proportion, and then began to concoct pills...

Time just passed by, minute by minute.

Qin Feng nervously controlled the pill furnace.

He only has three **** of royal jelly, which can only be refined three times, and he cannot lose, so he must go all out.

In the blink of an eye, a little passed.

Om~!

At this moment, the Dan furnace sounded aura.

The refining of the first intermediate-level comprehension pill has reached the final step.

"Congeal~!"

A low drink!

Qin Feng entered the last Dan Jue.

Om~!

Suddenly, the dragon and phoenix polar furnace lit up with a dazzling light.

Qin Feng also opened his eyes wide, showing anticipation.

But in the next second, there was a light sound from the pill furnace!

puff~!

Then, a scorched smell overflowed from the Dan furnace...

[You failed to refine the 4th-level intermediate perception pill, you got 3 waste pills, +2 proficiency points]

Refinement failed!

However, I got a waste pill, not a waste residue.

Qin Feng was delighted.

Then, he opened the pill furnace and took out the waste pill.

After a while of endless extraction, the three black waste pills turned into three crystal clear white elixir, overflowing with fragrance.

He hurriedly looked at the three pills.

[Intermediate Comprehension Pill (inferior quality): Tier 4 elixir, after taking refining, there is a certain 8% chance to make one of your B-level talents evolve to A-level. 】

good! good!

Qin Feng was satisfied.

For a normal intermediate-level perception pill, the success rate is only 10%.

There are 8% of these inferior ones, which is already very good.

Having said that, Qin Feng has this kind of method, and he can save it even if he has refined it into a waste pill.

If you switch to other senior alchemists, you will fail if you fail, and the medicinal materials are 100% wasted.

In fact, there are two results of alchemy failure.

One becomes a slag, and there is no way to save it with endless extraction.

One is to become a waste pill.

If it can become a waste pill, it means that the fire of alchemy is close to success.

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the elixir with satisfaction and continued to open the furnace...

Only three intermediate-level perception pills are not enough, he still needs to continue refining...

In this way, Qin Feng restarted the furnace.

In a blink of an eye, two hours passed.

He continuously refined two furnaces of perception pills, got three waste pills, and three intermediate-level enlightenment pills.

Afterwards, he extracted the three waste pills into inferior intermediate-level enlightenment pills.

So far, he has three intermediate-level enlightenment pills and six low-quality intermediate-level enlightenment pills in his hands.

Whoo~!

It's finally done!

In the room, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, he looked at the Comprehension Pill in his hand and was a little excited.

Next, he will take these medicinal pills to improve his thunder talent.

However, it is hard to say whether it will be successful or not!

After all, the success rate of comprehension pills of inferior quality is only 8%; for normal comprehension pills, the success rate is 10%.

In theory, he has to take about 12 pills to be successful once.

Today, he only has 9 in his hand.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little nervous.

If he fails, he won't be able to learn the "Doomsday Calamity", and the problem will be a little troublesome.

By the way, he also has a kind of elixir assistant.

Qin Feng's mind flashed, and he took out a blue elixir from the storage ring.

[Qingjing Dan: A third-order elixir, which can clear the mind and calm the mind. After taking it, within ten minutes, the energy attribute doubled. When the effect of the drug ends, the energy returns to its original level. 】

Really good panacea!

The energy can be doubled for a short time, and the higher the energy index, the stronger the perception.

With Qin Feng's strength, his energy index is terribly high, and his success rate is higher.

Taking this Qingjing Dan again, the effect should be better.

Thinking of this, he swallowed the tranquility pill in one gulp...

The medicinal pill entered the throat, and soon it turned into a breath of fresh air that rushed straight to the brain...

【Successful taking Qingji Dan! Within ten minutes, your energy attribute has doubled. 】

Qin Feng suddenly felt clear and bright, and his spirit was multiplied.