Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The medicine worked!

He quickly took the Enlightenment Pill.

[Successful taking the Intermediate Comprehension Pill! You are trying to improve the talent of the thunder system...the perception failed! 】

[Successful taking the Intermediate Comprehension Pill! You are trying to improve the talent of the thunder system...the perception failed! 】

[Successful taking the Intermediate Comprehension Pill! You are trying to improve Lei Xiantian 3.9 Fu... The perception failed! 】

Qin Feng took three comprehension pills in a row, but all failed.

But every time he took one more comprehension pill, his comprehension of the law of the thunder system actually deepened.

At the moment, after taking another Qingjing Dan, he continued to take the Enlightenment Pill...

In a blink of an eye, he took seven comprehension pills, all of which failed.

When he took the eighth pill, there was finally a change.

[Successful taking the Intermediate Comprehension Pill! You are trying to improve the talent of the thunder system...the perception is successful! 】

[Reminder: Your thunder talent B-level has been promoted to A-level successfully, and you have realized the law of thunder. 】

[Reminder: Your thunder skill 'Breaking Thunder' (Tier 4) will be automatically promoted to the skill 'Nine Sky Crazy Thunder' (Tier 5)]

Boom~!

Qin Feng's tiger body shook violently!

It worked!

He finally made it!

At this point, he has another A-level talent.

Among the nine talents, only the gold and light talents are still B-level, and the rest have been upgraded to A-level.

More importantly, he can now learn the seventh-order skill - Doomsday Calamity!

Thinking of this, he took out a skill seal

Chapter 243 The real goal of the Cang clan

That is the seventh-order skill God Seal - Doomsday Calamity!

Looking at the seventh-order Divine Seal in front of him, Qin Feng took a deep breath, and the blood clotted his fingers, dripping onto the Divine Seal.

Om~!

The divine seal was activated, and a dazzling aura lit up.

In the next second, it turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Fusion Skill Divine Seal is successful! Congratulations on acquiring the seventh-order skill - Doomsday Calamity. 】

Finally learned it!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, feeling quite relieved.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At this point, he had basically done all the preparations he should have done.

Next, just wait for the arrival of the Cang clan army.

Calculate the time, there is still an hour or two before dawn.

There are other things he can do.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the four clones.

The four avatars have been refining alchemy.

It didn't stop all night.

At this time, the spirit pills beside the four clones had accumulated a lot.

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out dozens of elixir from the storage ring.

Those elixir are full, and the halo is flowing, and they are all second-order elixir.

Tier 2 elixir!

The effect is more than twice as strong as the first-order elixir.

They are exactly the alchemy task Qin Feng took on the temple, and the profit dividends obtained did not cost any materials.

Speaking of which, Qin Feng's tasks are all second-order elixir, and the success rate has reached 100%, and he has never failed.

This statistic is astonishing!

Moreover, this data is announced to the public, and all clients can see it, and the impact will be very large in the future.

Whenever the client sees a 100% success rate, who wouldn't want to hand over the task to Qin Feng?

Even if they waited in line for seven days and seven nights, they were willing.

It is better to wait for the pill 09 to come out later, than to fail.

In fact, this is what Qin Feng did deliberately.

He just wants to keep his success rate as close to 100% as possible.

In this way, someone will give him some extremely cherished medicinal materials to refine in the future.

In that case, the benefits he gets are immeasurable.

Of course, Qin Feng can maintain a 100% success rate in refining the second-order elixir. In addition to the assistance of the fifth-order elixir furnace, there is also the help of endless extraction.

Before refining, he would use endless extraction to purify those medicinal materials, which greatly increased the success rate.

"I don't think so much, there is still a little time now. I will quickly refine these second-order medicinal herbs and improve my strength!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and swallowed a second-order elixir...

When the medicinal herb enters the throat, it is transformed into medicinal power in just a moment, and it flows through the whole body, making people feel refreshed...

[Successful taking the second-order Minlidan! Your agility attribute +33, strength attribute +7! 】

good! good!

Tier 2 medicinal pills are powerful!

Qin Feng was overjoyed, a little unfinished.

He still has more than 30 tier 2 medicinal pills like this.

When he has finished refining all of them, his strength will definitely increase a lot.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot.

Right now, the Cang clan army is about to invade the city, and the stronger his strength, the better.

Thinking of this, he swallowed the second Tier 2 elixir.

A few minutes later, the medicinal pill was refined.

The warm and comfortable feeling spread all over the body again.

Qin Feng's momentum increased again, which made him very happy...

In this way, Qin Feng continued to use medicinal herbs to improve his strength in the zero-degree space...

Minutes have passed by!

Before you know it, dawn is coming.

At this moment, Tayue Town, in a valley thousands of miles away.

The Cang clan army is already pulling out its camp!

In the air, Old Gu carried his hands on his back, overlooking the action of the army.

A group of prefecture-level powerhouses stood respectfully behind him.

"Old Gu, the sky is not yet full, are we going to leave?"

A prefecture-level powerhouse asked in a low voice.

Old Gu looked up at the sky, the sky had just turned a little fish belly white, and it was indeed not dawn.

But he can't wait!

The loss of contact between Bai Qiong and Fengxi disrupted his rhythm, making him eager to go to Tayue Town to find out.

He wanted to see what happened in Tayue Town, even if the two of Bai Qiong did not return.

"It's almost time, at most half an hour, it will be full of light. I'll be there sooner or later!"

Gu Lao casually said something perfunctory.

At this moment, an earth-level powerhouse flew down from below and reported to Old Gu.

"Old Gu, the army is ready!"

"lets go!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, the army of the Cang clan left the valley and marched on the moon town in a mighty way...  

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters.

Patriarch Xuan Qiong walked out of the house and looked at the sky in the direction of Tayue Town.

Looking at the sky, the sky is already white with fish belly, and the dawn of dawn will soon come.

Just then, footsteps sounded behind him.

An old man with a majestic expression and snow-white hair came over.

The old man was called Mo Lao, another Supreme Elder of the Cang Clan, and his strength was stronger than Gu Lao.

"Patriarch, you came to see the sunrise so early, are you worried about Old Gu and the others?"

Xuan Qiong turned back and smiled slightly: "With the strength of Old Gu and others, I have no worries at all."

Mo Lao nodded slightly: "That's right! With the strength of Gu Lao and others, even if he encounters a seventh-level powerhouse, he can win it. If he breaks his trump card again, I'm afraid that the eighth-level powerhouse will not lose too much!"

"And according to the information provided by the wind, the challenger's strength is at the peak of the fifth-layered heaven, so there is no need to worry."

"However, this old man is worried about another thing. Will Elder Gu make his trip in vain? After all, the Tongtian Lake area is very large, and the 3,000-strong army may not be able to find it if they conduct a carpet search. "

Mo Lao said something self-righteously.

From the beginning to the end, he did not take Qin Feng into his eyes.

Xuan Qiong smiled slightly: "I have considered the question you mentioned, so before Elder Gu left, I explained it to him. Even in the vicinity of Tongtian Lake, don't withdraw if you don't find a challenger, and let them be stationed there for a day. "

Mo Lao was puzzled: "Patriarch, what does this mean?"

Xuan Qiong said proudly: "Mr. Mo, you count the time. Today is the seventh day of the novice assessment. After today, after dawn tomorrow, the punishment will come. At that time, all novice villages will be punished by the sky."

"Under the punishment of heaven, the light of thunder is thousands of miles away. The location of any challenger's village will be exposed."

Mo Lao's eyes lit up: "I understand! The patriarch's meaning is that in case Lao Gu and others find no results today, they will be able to find the positions of the challengers tomorrow morning according to the thunder light of the sky. Good idea! It's really good. idea!"

Xuan Qiong said with a smile: "I hope Old Gu and the others have a smooth trip! Having said that, the Totem Temple has been changing a lot recently, and the Clan frequently competes with our clan for profit. Our clan has fallen behind many times."

"I hope this time, Old Gu and the others can find the challenger's village. By killing the challenger, our clan can get a lot of points, and can exchange a lot of benefits with Heavenly Dao. Maybe, we can cultivate a few more Earth-level masters. ."

Mo Lao said with emotion: "Yeah! What really determines the strength of the two forces is the strength of the prefecture-level powerhouses. The number of prefecture-level powerhouses in our Cang clan has always been smaller than that of the Zhi clan, which is why we are weaker than them. reason."

"If this time, Elder Gu can slaughter a challenger village, then our Cang clan can really cultivate a few more prefecture-level powerhouses."

It turned out that Xuan Qiong sent the Cang clan army to Tongtian Lake, first to chase Qin Feng and avenge Cang Yuan and others.

The second is to let Elder Gu find the challenger village, kill the village, and earn a lot of points.

Then, they exchanged points for benefits, and trained the outstanding children of their own clan into prefecture-level masters.

At this moment, Xuan Qiong sighed: "Hu clan! They have been pressing on our heads for many years. This time, whether we can push them back depends on Gu Lao's actions."

Mo Lao smiled and said: "Patriarch, according to your layout. Gu Lao will definitely be able to slaughter the village successfully, you just sit and wait for the points to be harvested!"

"hope so!"