Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Xuan Qiong smiled and looked in the direction of Tayue Town, his eyes full of anticipation...

The two of them never thought from the beginning to the end that this big action of the Cang Clan might not be a chance, but a disaster...

At the same moment, Tayue Town.

At this moment, the sky is just bright.

There have been many hurried figures in Tayue Town.

The industrious Longyuan villagers have already started their activities.

It's just that their mood today is a little different from the past, because they know that the Cang Clan will come today.

And at this moment, the sky above Tayue Town.

Qin Feng's arrogant figure stood in the air.

At this moment, he is closing his eyes, as if sensing something.

Having said that, after a night of refining medicine pills, his strength has skyrocketed to 817 stars.

Based on this combat power value, he has already stepped into the Eighth Heaven.

But in terms of real strength, it is definitely more than that.

"Hey! It's interesting! I didn't expect that the clone can really be used like this."

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

He was sensing his clone just now.

At this time, three of his four avatars were alchemy, and one was dealing with novice short swords to make money.

It turned out that the clone and the main body cannot be too far apart.

If it exceeds the range of three miles, the clone will automatically collapse.

Qin Feng's four avatars are all in the zero-degree space.

And the zero-degree space is in Qin Feng's body.

In this way, the four avatars are very close to him, and there is no worry that they will collapse.

Since the clone will not collapse, it can help him share the work all the time.

"This method is really wonderful! In the future, trivial matters such as alchemy and making money will be handed over to the four avatars. I will do the task specially. In this way, the two will not be delayed!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

All along, the most worrying thing for him is that there are too many trivial matters.

Unexpectedly, it was solved so neatly.

With the four avatars in his body, and dealing with those trivial matters all the time, he has a lot of energy to do more important things.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt very relieved.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Announcement to the whole world: Dawn has come, and tonight's 'Lost Village' mission is over. The Blue Star Realm has established a total of 127,426 villages. 】

The dark night is finally over!

The seventh day of the novice assessment is officially here!

Qin Fengyao looked in the direction of Xiao Huoluan.

It's time for him to act!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 244 Take the initiative to attack, one person fights the world!

The seventh day of the novice assessment is officially here!

Qin Fengyao looked in the direction of Xiao Huoluan.

It's time for him to act!

Thinking of this, he opened the Tiandao panel and checked his attributes.

At this sight, there was joy in his eyes.

I saw that his free attribute points had accumulated to 2710 points.

Here are the gains from killing Baiqiong and Fengxi, but more is the back-feeding of the combat power of many subordinates.

Today, there are six peak human-level powerhouses in Longyuan Village with a combat power of more than 100 stars, namely Qiyue, Qishan, Qiyun, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, and Longshan.

Wu Yong, Liu Yuan, and Gu Ming were not far from the threshold of Hundred Stars.

In short, Qin Feng is going to take action this time, and he will naturally use the strongest state to fight the enemy...

Thinking of this, he began to add points to himself.

In just a moment, all 2710 attributes have been added, and his combat power has skyrocketed to 873 stars!

873 stars!

This is not far from the 900-star goal in Qin Feng's mind.

As long as the combat power reaches 900 stars or more, he will go to participate in the sacred martial arts assessment, and strive to obtain the first-class god-level foundation.

Of course, that's as time permits.

For now, he has several more important things to do.

For example, to solve the Cang clan army in front of him.

"Dad, Daddy, do you want to come over?"

At this moment, in the depths of Qin Feng's heart, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded.

"I'll be there soon!"

"Well! Dad, hurry up!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng was about to set off.

But at this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear again.

Qiyue: "Master, the 'Lost Village' mission ended last night. We have two novice villages in the No. 1 area, and successfully established a level 0 village."

Qin Feng was surprised: "What about those two villages?"

Qiyue: "One is 767 Village, a village in Nanyue Kingdom. The head of the village is Nguyen Phuc. Now 767 Village is renamed Yuelong Village, which means it will surpass our Longyuan Village!"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Haha! The ambition is not small! This is also the nature of the Nanyue people, but unfortunately they are wishful thinking!"

Having said that, Qin Feng still has a deep impression on Ruan Fu.

The two sides have traded with each other several times.

The C-level task 'Bright Purification' he got was related to Nguyen Phuc.

Because the token of that mission was what he got from Ruan Fu.

Qin Feng: "who is the other?"

Qiyue: "The other is Village 44, from the North Bear Country, now renamed Zhanxiong Village. The head of the village is Turgenev."

Qin Feng was a little surprised: "Didn't that Turgenev break a leg?"

Qiyue: "Master, I heard that his legs have grown back, and I don't know what happened to him. This matter is quite mysterious, and even his villagers don't know what happened."

Qin Feng became more and more puzzled: "It's quite mysterious! However, those are none of our business. Our next goal is to deal with the Cang clan army."

Qiyue: "Yes! Now in the chat channel, everyone is discussing about the Cang clan army. Now everyone is very nervous and worried. Master, what are you going to do?"

Qin Feng: "take the initiative to attack!"

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master, are you going out of town to fight?"

Qin Feng: "That's right! You can't let the battle take place around Tayue Town. In that case, no matter whether you win or lose, Tayue Town will become a mess and some resources will be damaged."

In fact, Qin Feng's combat power reached 873 stars, and he mastered the doomsday natural disaster, which gave him the confidence to crush the Cang clan army.

That being the case, why didn't he take the initiative?

That can really reduce the damage to the environment of Tayue Town.

More importantly, he's running out of time now.

Today, he not only wanted to destroy the Cang clan army, but also rushed to the vicinity of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold to foreshadow the next plan.

In this way, he wasted time waiting for the army of the Cang clan to come, so he might as well take the initiative to attack.

Qi Yue worried: "Master, will it be a little risky to do that?.

Qin Feng: "Tomorrow morning will be the Heaven Punishment Assessment, and we don't have much time left. I have to get to the vicinity of the Cang Soil Department before the Heaven Punishment Assessment, so I don't have time to waste with the Cang Clan army."

"Yue'er, you should inform Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qiyun, and Longshan now, and let them lead all the villagers in Tayue Town to follow the direction I set out and come out."

Hearing these words, Qi Yue was shocked.

The master actually wants to lead more than 600 villagers to take the initiative to fight!

Does this really work?

However, she never doubted the master's order.

"Master, Yue'er will inform them now!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation...

Boom~!

Qin Feng's wings were shaken, and it turned into a stream of light, rushing towards the direction of Xiao Huoluan...

At the same moment, Qiyue entered the chat channel.

As soon as she entered, she saw that everyone was discussing the matter of the Cang clan army, and the atmosphere was very tense.

"Brothers, it's dawn! The Cang clan army is coming soon, and I'm in Tayue Town. To be honest, I'm a little panicked!"

"Upstairs, I'm also in Tayue Town, and I'm so nervous. After all, it's the first time I've fought against humans. I might kill someone in a while. Thinking about it makes me feel a little nervous."

"Upstairs, what are you afraid of? Those guardians treat us as prey, and we can naturally treat them as prey!"

"That's right! Besides, the mission of our god-level village is that we need to kill the guardian to obtain the guardian certificate and pass. Today, those guys came to the door in person."

"Yeah! I almost forgot to protect the voucher and access card! It seems that this time, we must start a killing spree, otherwise, this task will not be completed."

"That's right! What I'm worried about now is that we have only more than 600 people stationed in Tayue Town, and the other party has more than 3,000 people. I don't know if we can hold it!"

"Don't worry! With the boss here, we can definitely handle it!"

These words just fell, and Qiyue is now.

Qiyue: "Everyone, the master ordered Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qiyun, and Longshan to lead all the villagers in Tayue Town to go out to the west. He has already rushed in that direction and took the initiative to meet the Cang clan. Army."

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was stunned!

Immediately, everyone was in an uproar.

Liu Xuan: "Miss Qiyue, are you right? Boss wants us to take the initiative?"

Longshan: "Yeah! This order doesn't seem right! Isn't it better that we stay in Tayue Town to defend and wait for the attack? After all, Tayue Town still has a guardian altar to rely on."

Qiyue: "All this is the master's intention. He made it very clear that he told you to rush now, that is to clean up the battlefield and give you a chance."

This statement shocked everyone.

Lei Jue: "Everyone, the boss wants to be meticulous in his work. He has his reasons for arranging things like this. Let's not hesitate, so as not to miss the best fighter!"

Liu Xuan: "It makes sense! Brothers, the boss has already set off. We can't wait! Brothers in the town, follow the boss's footsteps and set off with me!"

Longshan: "That's right! Brothers, hurry up! Hurry up and gather at the town square!"

"Boss Longshan, I'm coming now!"

"I'll be there soon!"

"And me! I'm already near the square!"