Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Generally speaking, the second-order defense equipment has a defense power of 10 to 20 points.

This armor has reached 25 points of defense, and has two additional attributes of fire resistance and ice resistance.

This is definitely the best in the second-order!

good! good!

Qin Feng was delighted and quickly put on the Bear King's armor.

At this time, a gust of night wind blew, and the battle armor cloak fluttered in the wind, which was very sassy, ​​adding a bit of heroic spirit.

He was very satisfied.

With this armor, his defense has increased a lot.

Of course, the harvest of killing the bear king is more than that.

Immediately, he pressed the bear king's body with one palm and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Obtain E-level talent - bloodline enhancement! 】

[Bloodline Enhancement: Awaken the power of bloodline to increase strength, speed, and defense by 30%. 】

[Reminder: With the bloodline strengthening talent, it is easier to integrate the blood of gods and demons, and it is easier to awaken the bloodline talent. 】

E-level bloodline enhancement!

He's got a new talent!

This talent is very practical, the E-level bloodline is strengthened, and it is a talent with balanced development.

It is not like a talent such as strength enhancement, which only enhances a single aspect.

Of course, the enhancement of blood vessels is smaller for this three-dimensional enhancement.

However, Qin Feng values ​​its two additional attributes more.

One is that it is easier to integrate the blood of gods and demons.

The other is that it is easier to awaken the bloodline talent.

Really good!

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and then he extracted two other Kaishan bears, and got 4 points of strength attribute.

Another great harvest!

After doing this, he strode forward.

The second-order spiritual fruit, the dragon's blood fruit, is there.

"It's delicious!"

Qin Feng picked the spirit fruit and took a big bite after smelling the fruit.

Kacha~!

The flesh is crispy and sweet, with a hint of salty taste of blood. I don't know if it is the influence of dragon blood.

Sweet and savory, the taste is not bad!

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised, chewed it, and finished it in a few moments.

Afterwards, the flesh of the fruit entered his belly, turned into shreds of energy, flowed through his body, and penetrated into his blood...

After a while, his blood boiled, his body was hot, and his skin was red...

After a while, the redness of his skin faded.

The energy of the dragon blood fruit was completely integrated into his blood...

[After eating the dragon blood fruit, your blood is strengthened, and you gain 5 points of strength, 5 points of agility, and 5 points of physical attributes. 】

Fuck it~!

Suddenly got 15 attributes.

It is indeed a second-order spiritual fruit!

It's so powerful!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

But at this moment, there was another churning in his blood, and then a surge of spiritual energy surged up and spread all over the body, causing his aura to rise again!

[Reminder: With the help of dragon blood fruit, 0.1% of your blood is converted into true dragon blood. 】

[You have awakened the power of dragon blood, strength +7, agility +6, constitution +8! 】

Fuck it~!

Is this possible? !

By eating dragon blood fruit, there is only a 0.1% chance of obtaining a trace of true dragon blood, but he has encountered it.

This is too lucky!

At this moment, the joy in his heart was indescribable.

That feeling of being lucky is so blissful!

By the way, we Dragon people are called descendants of the dragon, and they should be related to the dragon family.

I have awakened the bloodline enhancement talent again, and it is easier to obtain the blood of gods and demons.

With some luck, and so on, I just got a ray of true blood of the dragon by chance!

Qin Feng pondered in his heart.

In short, after eating dragon blood fruit this time, the benefits he obtained were too great.

His strength has also skyrocketed.

The feeling that the strength keeps getting stronger is really wonderful.

At this moment, his latest data appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 4 (1190/1200)

[Occupation]: Level 1 Judge (10/100)

【Reputation】: 6

[Strength]: 115+7 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 121 (speed madness, D level)Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

[Physical constitution]: 122 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 129 (intensive mind, D-level, visual hypersensitivity, E-level; olfactory enhancement, F-level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat evaluation]: 11 star limit

[Free attribute]: 5

The combat evaluation has reached the limit of 11 stars!

It's just one line away from reaching 12 stars.

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged your 10 jins of barbecued meat with the corpse of the level 3 beast Tiepi Rhinoceros. 】

what!

The benefits are here again!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Having said that, now he is not the only one selling barbecue.

But he is the only one who has a business, and the others can't sell it at all.

After all, he exchanged the barbecue for the corpse of the beast, but the others wanted to exchange the barbecue for Tier 1 equipment.

In everyone's opinion, Tier 1 equipment is a scarce resource, and the corpses of beasts are useless.

In this way, everyone feels that it is the most cost-effective to exchange with him.

Therefore, every time Liu Xuan killed a level 3 beast, he hurriedly exchanged barbecue with him.

Liu Xuan didn't have any kind of fire, and he didn't control the flame, so naturally he had to get some barbecue for spare.

At the moment, Qin Feng took out the body of the rhinoceros and began to extract...

After a while, he gained 2 more Constitution attributes.

Let him cool for a while.

"By the way, I'm now level 4 (1190/1200), and I'm only 10 energy away from leveling up!"

Qin Feng was very happy in his heart.

The dawn of victory is at hand.

I wonder how the progress of Edward and Liu Xuan is going?

Thinking of this, he quickly opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the chat channel

Chapter 30 Winning the Bet

As soon as he entered the chat channel, Qin Feng saw Wu Yong speaking in it.

Wu Yong: "Brothers, I will report the latest progress to you. Liu Xuan just killed the level 3 beast, the iron-skinned rhinoceros. His current progress is level 3 (597/600), and he is just a line away from level 4!"

"Wow! Liu Xuan is almost level 4! It's amazing!"

"Come on, Liu Xuan! Come on! We have to surpass Edward! We have to surpass the lighthouse country!"

"Big Brother Wu Yong, come here! This level 3 fox is so powerful, we can't be sleepy anymore!"

Wu Yong: "Haha!! Brothers, hold on! Liu Xuan and I are on our way!"

"Boss Wu Yong, we found another level 3 beast at coordinates 547,998!"

Wu Yong: "You trap it first! When Liu Xuan and I kill the fox, then go and kill it!"

"Okay! Come on! We'll trap it!"

"It's not good! It's not good! The opposite Edward, just killed a level 4 beast, and his experience has greatly increased!"

"Fuck~! What level is he progressing now?"

"Don't know yet! Their people are asking!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng quickly switched to chat channel No. 137.

As soon as he entered the channel, he saw the people in the lighthouse country cheering.

"Excellent! Lord Edward is amazing!"

"Oh! The great Lord Edward! You are the most powerful man in the world! You have killed a level 4 beast with just one person's strength. It's amazing! I'd like to spend a good night with you!"

Edward: "Oh! The lady upstairs, when I come back in victory, I will make your wish come true! I will also give you a precious first hug!"

"Oh! I'm so touched! Lord Baron, I can't wait to dedicate myself to you now!"

"Lord Edward, please stop flirting. The people from Longguo opposite have killed two level 3 beasts."

Edward: "Oh! Really? Why did they kill so fast?"

"Longguo people are very united. They are all helping a guy named Liu Xuan, and they are all selfless dedication."

Edward: "Oh! This is really annoying news. What's the progress of that Liu Xuan?"

"He's already level 3 (597/600)!"

Edward: "Haha!! He's only level 3! My Lord is already level 4 (520/1200)!"