Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~!

At this moment, all the villagers stationed in Tayue Town responded one after another.

A quarter of an hour later, the army of Tayue Town was assembled.

It didn't take long for Liu Xuan to lead more than 600 Longyuan villagers out of Tayue Town in a mighty manner, chasing in the direction of Qin Feng's departure...

At the same moment, Qin Feng had reached a hundred miles away and met Xiao Huoluan.

"dad!"

The little guy has been waiting for a long time.

As soon as it saw Qin Feng, it flew over happily.

"Little guy, not bad! This is level 13!"

Qin Feng also looked at Xiao Luan'er happily.

It has not been seen overnight, the little guy has risen to level 13, his height has reached 30 feet, and his combat power has reached the threshold of 500 stars.

This made Qin Feng very satisfied.

"Dad, are we going to take the initiative to meet the Cang clan army?"

"Well! I'm afraid they won't think that we dare to do this, just to kill them by surprise!"

"Wow! Dad is going to fight the three thousand army with one person! Xiao Luan'er feels so excited just thinking about it!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Little guy, let's go! By the way, you can enter my zero-dimensional space!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Xiao Huoluan into the zero-degree space.

Afterwards, he spread his wings and flew to the west.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He knew the direction of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

When the Cang Clan came, it must have started from the Cang Soil Ministry.

Along the way to the Cangtu Department, he will inevitably encounter the Cangzu army.

At the same time, dozens of miles away.

The army of the Cang clan was also rushing towards Tayue Town.

Above the army, Elder Gu and other earth-level powerhouses slowly flew in the air.

If it weren't for the drag of the army, at the speed of these prefecture-level powerhouses, they would have arrived at Tayue Town long ago...

At this moment, Old Gu was looking in the direction of Tayue Town from a distance.

Behind him, several prefecture-level powerhouses murmured constantly.

"Everyone, do you think there is such a possibility. The appearance of Bai Qiong and Feng Qi has made the challenger forces guess that our Cang clan will attack?"

"This... it's a little bit possible!"

"If that's the case! I'm afraid they are already in Tayue Town, waiting for us to go. They would never dare to come rashly."

"I'm afraid they will abandon the town and flee!"

As soon as the voice fell, there was a scream in the crowd.

"Everyone, look ahead! That seems to be a person!"

Hearing this, all the local powerhouses followed the sound.

Just over ten miles away, a young man with Wind Wings behind his back was rushing towards them.

The person here is Qin Feng!

Chapter 245 Continuous beheading, blood stains the sky!

"Hey! It's really a person!"

"Looks like a young man!"

At this moment, the strong people of the Cang clan all looked in the direction of Qin Feng.

The distance between the two sides is too far to see clearly.

However, the two sides are moving towards each other and the distance is getting closer and closer.

At the same time, Qin Feng also saw the Cang clan army.

When he looked around, he saw sixteen prefecture-level powerhouses flying in the air, and the one at the forefront was an old man with a dreadful temperament.

Below those prefecture-level powerhouses, is the three thousand army of the Cang clan.

Seeing this scene, he was a little excited.

In his eyes, the prefecture-level powerhouse represents the guardian pass card required for the third-stage mission.

Those human-level Cang clan disciples represented the guardian credentials.

And killing these guardians, he can gain a lot of energy and attributes.

There will definitely be a big catch today!

Thinking of this, he spread his wings and accelerated towards the Cang clan army.

It didn't take long for the two sides to be less than 10,000 meters away.

At this moment, Gu Lao and others were finally able to detect Qin Feng's information.

"Challenger! He is a challenger!"

The local-level powerhouses discovered Qin Feng's identity, and they were all excited, and their eyes were shining.

Killing a challenger would be of great benefit, even more cost-effective than killing an emperor-level beast.

"Haha! I didn't expect that when we approached the border of Tayue Town, we met a challenger. This is really good luck!"

"Yeah! I originally thought that we would have to search around Tongtian Lake for a whole day before we could find any trace of the challenger. I didn't expect that someone would come to the door so quickly!"

"It seems that God helps my Cang clan!"

"Everyone, this kid is flying directly to us. Can't he see the identity of our guardian?"

"The novice 083 assessment period isn't over yet! Tiandao has not announced the relationship between the guardian and the challenger. Maybe, he really doesn't know the hostile relationship between the two sides. He thinks that humans are companions! It's ridiculous!"

"That being said, this kid is stupid! Old Gu, Heilong requested to fight!"

"Feng Ning also requests to fight!"

"Bai Ming also requests to fight!"

...

At this moment, the local-level powerhouses were very excited, thinking that there was a big advantage to take, and they all requested to play.

Because they have already seen that Qin Feng is only a human-level realm, and his level is only 20.

In other words, Qin Feng's strength, in their eyes, is just a little guy, not worth mentioning at all.

Any one of them can go up and kill it.

If it weren't for the Cang Clan marching outside and possessing military regulations, they would have rushed out and grabbed the benefits.

At this time, Old Gu was also a little excited.

He also didn't expect that his luck would be so good, and he would meet a challenger so easily.

"Heilong! Feng Ning! Bai Ming! You catch that kid. Remember, you have to live! The old man has something to interrogate him!"

Feng Ning smiled and said, "Old Gu, if you want to live, someone Feng can go there!"

Swish~!

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Ning dodged and rushed towards Qin Feng.

"Damn!"

"That kid is mine!"

Heilong and Bai Ming scolded each other, then followed.

They can't let Feng Ning take the credit alone.

At the same time, behind Old Gu, a man in a blue robe muttered.

"Old Gu, if something goes wrong, there must be a demon! This challenger is coming directly at us, so there won't be anything to rely on, right?"

As soon as these words fell, someone in the crowd refuted.

"Lan Yuan, you think too much. How can a human-level powerhouse who is only level 20 rely on him?"

"That's right! I don't think that kid has anything to rely on, he's just plain stupid!"

As soon as these words fell, the front changed.

I saw Qin Feng turned around and fled when he saw Feng Ning and the three coming towards them...

"Hey! Not good! That kid noticed something and started to run away!"

"Lan Yuan, see it! If that kid came prepared, how could he escape?"

"Haha! This shows that the kid is not so stupid as to be hopeless, and finally realizes the crisis. Unfortunately, it's too late!"

The strong men looked at each other and smiled, as if they had settled on Qin Feng.

But in the next second, they realized something was wrong.

As soon as Qin Feng fled, Feng Ning and the others chased after him.

The two sides chased and fled, but the distance never narrowed.

The strong men were surprised.

"Hey! I didn't expect it! That kid is very fast! Even the three Feng Ning can't catch up!"

"He should have mastered the A-level wind element talent!"

In the crowd, Old Gu looked at this scene, frowning tightly, feeling very unhappy in his heart.

Three prefecture-level powerhouses can't catch up with one person-level, what's it like?

Having said that, Feng Ning, Heilong, and Bai Ming, whose strengths ranged from the third to the fourth, were considered to be at the bottom of this group of earth-level powerhouses.

"What a waste! Qing Xuan, Qing Mu, Jin Li, the three of you are faster. Hurry up and catch that kid to this old man!"

Old Gu became impatient.

If it wasn't for his identity, he would have done it himself.

"Yes!"

At the moment, the three of Qingxuan took the lead, dodged one by one, and hurriedly chased after Qin Feng...

"I'll wait and hurry up!"

Gu Lao gave an order, and the army also accelerated its advance...

At the moment, a strange scene happened on the field.

Qin Feng fled in the front, Feng Ning and the others were chasing after him, and Qing Xuan and the others followed closely.

Old Gu led the army and accelerated the progress at the end.

At this moment, the Cang clan disciples below also discovered the situation.

As they marched fast, they talked a lot.

"Everyone, that young man is the challenger!"

"I see! Hehe! A challenger at the human level, he is dead this time. The six elders shot together, it must be to catch a living!"

"Look! Elder Feng Ning is going to catch up with that kid!"

At the same time, above the sky.

Qin Feng fled on purpose, just to disperse the enemy's strength, and finally achieve the effect of total annihilation.

As the saying goes: Soldiers never tire of deceit!

He either didn't make a move, or he swept it away, and never let go of any of the survivors.