Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He doesn't know the opponent's strength now, so he naturally wants to test one or two.

When he saw that the three of Qingxuan were also chasing after him, he felt that it was almost the same.

At the moment, he slowed down his flight speed and summoned the Dark Night Sword and the Golden Spirit.

In just a moment, he fused the Golden Spirit and the Dark Night Sword into one.

Suddenly, the momentum of the long knife soared, soaring to the sixth level.

After doing this, he stopped, turned around and waited for Feng Ning and the three of them, standing in the air.

"Haha! Little thief! Are you going to escape?"

"Little thief! Get to know each other! You can capture it yourself!"

When the three Feng Ning saw that Qin Feng was not escaping, they all scolded excitedly and rushed over.

It seems that the credit for this first game is theirs.

In the blink of an eye, the three Feng Ning rushed to Qin Feng.

"Little thief! Just catch it!"

"let me!"

"I do it first! This kid belongs to me!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In an instant, the three Feng Ning shot at the same time, each condensing a light claw.

Three claws that reach the sky, several feet long, grabbed Qin Feng one after another, with overwhelming momentum.

"die!"

Qin Feng smiled evilly and suddenly shot.

Swish~!

The dark night sky knife splits out!

The sword light soared into the sky!

Baizhang Dao Qi swept across the sky!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

That knife smashed the light claws of Feng Ning and the three of them to pieces, and the remaining power was not diminished, and it also split the three of Feng Ning into two halves...

Suddenly, blood stained the sky!

A mournful roar echoed in the air.

Immediately afterwards, the bodies of Feng Ning's three people turned into six sections and rolled down in the air.

Three more white lights poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Kill the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +297 attributes, +1.43 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 3/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +314 attributes, +1.57 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 4/30. 】

[Kill the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +332 attributes, +1.81 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 5/30. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

It's cool to kill an earth-level guardian!

Passes have also accumulated to 5!

This scene shocked the audience!

The three Qing Xuan, who just came over, were even more dumbfounded.

Killing Feng Ning three people with one knife, at least the sixth-level powerhouse!

not good!

The three of Qingxuan reacted, exclaimed in surprise, turned around and fled.

The strength of the three of them, ranging from the fourth layer to the fifth layer, would be Qin Feng's opponent.

Swish~!

But before they escaped a few meters, Qin Feng had already killed them, and the long sword shot again and again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Three in a row!

Qin Feng killed the three people on the spot just like chopping melons and vegetables.

Suddenly, blood shot up again and again, and roars came one after another!

The corpses are rolling down!

[Kill the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +347 attributes, +1.94 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 6/30. 】

[Successfully killed the guardian (earth level), you get +362 attributes, +2.04 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 7/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +366 attributes, +2.06 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 8/30. 】

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng slaughtered six land-level powerhouses in a row!

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!

The whole place became deadly silent.

But after a while, Old Gu's shocking roar resounded in the arena!

Chapter 246 Natural disasters come, kill the world!

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng slaughtered six land-level powerhouses in a row!

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!

The whole place became deadly silent.

But after a while, Gu ~ the old roaring roar sounded in the field!

"Little thief! The old man is going to kill you!"

Boom~!

Old Gu's aura exploded completely, rising into the sky.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the next second, he slaughtered towards Qin Feng.

With his movement, the heaven and the earth shook, the vitality rolled over, and there was a rumbling roar between the heaven and the earth!

The aura was terrifying and terrifying.

"Everyone! Let's go together!"

Lan Yuan shouted and immediately followed Old Gu, slaughtering Qin Feng.

The remaining eight prefecture-level powerhouses quickly followed.

Suddenly, there was a situation in the field with Gu Lao in the front and Jiutian Earth-level powerhouses joining forces behind to kill Qin Feng together.

The scene is monstrous and earth-shattering!

At the same moment, the three thousand troops below also reacted.

"Brothers, let's go with those who have long-range attacks! Let's destroy the boy in the sky together!"

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the army was surging, and the dust was flying!

I saw that among the army, more than 2,000 people rushed forward.

These two thousand people have mastered the means of long-range attack!

They want to shorten the distance with Qin Feng in order to reach their long-range attack range.

If these 2,000 people join forces to launch a long-range attack, the power will be extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng slashed six prefecture-level powerhouses in a row, which has completely angered the Cang clan army...

In the blink of an eye, Elder Gu was the first to kill him.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Old Gu roars!

I saw a flash of white light on his dry claws, followed by a three-toothed iron claw set.

At the same time, with him as the center, in a radius of hundreds of miles, the vitality of the heavens and the earth surged into his body frantically.

This old Gu is actually a mid-grade base-building ground-level powerhouse!

In just an instant, his combat power reached more than 770 stars, and his momentum climbed to the peak, which was extremely terrifying.

Boom~!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At the same moment, he grabbed Qin Feng's face.

scoff~~~!

That claw tore the sky apart!

Where the claw tip passed, the space was torn apart, leaving three deep space cracks in the air.

In just one thought, that claw approached Qin Feng's face.

Old Gu's eyes were full of hideousness.

He wants to crush this kid alive and avenge the dead clan!

Boom~!

The iron claws are approaching, destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

Swish~!

Qin Feng takes action!

The cold light flashed, and the sword was soaring to the sky!

When~~!

The long knife and the iron claw collided instantly!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

resounding through the sky!

Boom~!

In the next second, the collision of the two attacks resulted in an explosion.

Gu Lao screamed and vomited blood and flew out.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

At this time, the nine Lan Yuan people had already been killed.

They were shocked and angry.

However, none of the nine people flinched.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In just a moment, nine people shot at Qin Feng at the same time.

The nine-path attack united, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth, which was actually stronger than the momentum of Old Gu.

The strength of the nine people in Lan Yuan ranges from the fifth layer to the sixth layer, which is much stronger than that of the six Feng Ning people.

The combined power of these nine people is naturally extremely strong!