Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"roll!"

Qin Feng met the attack of the nine people with one knife.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

With just one knife, he defeated the combined attack of the nine people and blasted them all to the point of vomiting blood!

At this moment, he stood in the sky, like a peerless **** of war, he dominated the world and was extremely invincible!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At the same time, the more than 2,000 Cang clan disciples below had assembled and shot at Qin Feng.

In an instant, various distant attacks such as rockets, ice knives, wind blades, mad thunder, gravel, and fireballs attacked Qin Feng overwhelmingly.

There are thousands of attacks, and the combined power is stronger than that of Lan Yuan's nine people, and it has completely reached the full blow of Bazhongtian.

In the blink of an eye, thousands of long-range attacks came to Qin Feng.

Om~!

Qin Feng's body lit up, and the rotating shield automatically flew out of the body, instantly turning into a giant shield, facing the thousands of attacks...

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of shocking explosions, as dense as a violent storm!

In just a moment, the Xuantian Shield blocked all the long-range attacks of the Cang clan army!

The three thousand troops were shocked.

One man to block the three thousand army, the decisive battle against the Nine Heavens, I am afraid that is the case.

Before everyone could recover from the shock, Qin Feng had already started to fight back.

I saw that he had a seal in his hand!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, within a thousand miles, the world changes color!

The thunder element force, wind element force, fire element force, earth element force, and water element force between the heavens and the earth are violently surging.

In the next second, the sky will be split open!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

I saw the ground below suddenly crack, swallowing hundreds of Cang clan disciples in an instant.

Immediately after, magma spurted out one after another, rushing towards the disciples.

At the same time, above the sky, dark clouds covered the sky, and lightning flashed.

Countless mad thunders fell from the sky and slashed at the crowd.

Countless flame meteorites fell from the sky and smashed into the crowd.

There are also wind blades, ice arrows, and fireballs, falling from the sky and falling to the crowd.

At this moment, within a radius of thousands of miles, the sky and the earth are all cracked, and it instantly becomes a doomsday scene of darkness and darkness, as if the heaven and the earth are about to be destroyed, which is extremely terrifying.

Seventh-Order Skill - Doomsday Calamity!

0

Launch it!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Under the natural disaster, the Cang clan army suffered immediately!

Some were killed by flaming meteorites, some were struck to death by thunder, some were swallowed by magma, some were chopped by wind blades, and some were penetrated by ice arrows...

At this moment, there are attacks in the sky and the ground, the scene is purgatory on earth, there is no way to escape.

Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!

The shrill screams came one after another below!

Dance of fire and blood!

The screams and the meteorite shook!

One after another Cang clan disciples fell!

Dead dead! Residual residual!

In the blink of an eye, there were corpses everywhere, like an Asura battlefield, extremely bloody.

At the same moment, one after another, white light of energy flew up from those corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +17 attribute points, +140,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 1/1000. 】

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +11 attribute points, +90,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 2/1000. 】

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +21 attributes, +210,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 3/1000. 】

 …

Suddenly, Qin Feng's energy value and attribute points skyrocketed all the way!

The progress of the collection of 'Certificate Cards' is also skyrocketing!

Mastering the doomsday natural disasters, Qin Feng is like a god, summoning wind, rain, thunder and lightning, meteorites, earthquakes, and various natural disasters to confront the enemy.

As the saying goes: Killing and the world, invincible and the world.

In just a moment, he slaughtered more than 700 Cang clan disciples...

At this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on his body.

【Your level has been promoted to level 21! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

【You get 20 free attributes! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise.

After reaching level 21, the increase in attribute points doubled again!

With such an upgrade, he actually skyrocketed 180 attributes!

It seems that the further you level up, the greater the attribute growth you get.

However, he doesn't have time to pay attention to these now, and continues to slaughter the Cang clan army below.

"Stop it! Stop it!"

It was at this moment that Old Gu rushed over with red eyes and angrily roaring.

He must stop!

Qin Feng can no longer use natural disaster skills, otherwise those children will die.

Chapter 247 Totem Divine Rune, Power of Bloodline!

At this moment, Old Gu rushed over desperately.

He wants to prevent Qin Feng from using natural disaster skills!

"Stop him! Stop him!"

The nine Lan Yuan people also roared in shock, each with blood on the corners of their mouths, and rushed forward one after another.

They also want to stop Qin Feng from casting natural disasters!

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

When he uses the natural disaster skill, he naturally cannot be interrupted, otherwise the natural disaster will disappear immediately.

However, he was also surprised to find that Old Gu, who was severely injured by his knife, is now fully recovered, and he doesn't appear to be injured at all.

It turned out that Elder Gu also mastered the wood element talent and could heal himself.

On the other hand, looking at the nine people in Lan Yuan, all of them had blood hanging from the corners of their mouths, their momentum was sluggish, and their injuries were not light.

It can be seen that Gu is always a difficult character!

Of course, Qin Feng will not let them stop them from succeeding.

In the blink of an eye, Elder Gu rushed forward.

Boo~!

At the same moment, a shocking phoenix sound resounded in Qin Feng's body!

In the next second, a golden flame bird rushed out of Qin Feng's body and greeted Gu Lao!

Xiao Huo Luan finally played!

"Bloodline pet!"

Old Gu was extremely shocked and somewhat regretful.

Bloodline pet!

Very rare!

Generally speaking, only pets with the true blood of divine beasts can be called bloodline pets.

Bloodline pets are different from ordinary pets. They have a great ability to grow and evolve. The upper limit of evolution is to become a divine beast, which is beyond the existence of heaven!

When ordinary pets reach adulthood, it is the upper limit of rank, and they cannot evolve for almost a lifetime.

In this comparison, the two kinds of pets are judged on top of each other.

The divine bird in front of him is still the Suzaku-type battle pet among the bloodline battle pets.

Suzaku is the pinnacle of divine beasts!

In other words, this divine bird is a top bloodline pet.

If you can capture it alive and then send it to the Totem Temple for sacrifice, you will definitely get great benefits.

But the current situation is unfavorable, he should not think about catching the pet alive, it would be good to be able to save the lives of some children.

Old Gu was deeply regretful!

All of this is because Qin Feng's strength is too terrifying.

He must stop Qin Feng, and cannot let him use that terrifying natural disaster skill!

"Go away!"

Old Gu was extremely anxious, and punched Xiao Huoluan with one punch, wanting to kill this guy who was in the way.

Boom~!

In just an instant, the shocking punch came to Xiao Huoluan.

Boo~!

Xiao Huoluan raised his voice to the sky!

Suddenly, in a three-hundred-mile radius, the energy of heaven and earth shook, and countless fire energy poured into his body.

Boom~Long~Long!

In an instant, Xiao Huoluan's combat power and momentum reached the 800-star threshold, adding 300-star combat power out of thin air.

This is the power of the best foundation building!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The power of heaven and earth that can control three hundred miles!

Top grade foundation!