Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Tier 6 pets!

Only at this moment did Old Gu know the power of Xiao Huoluan.

This guy is not only a bloodline pet with great potential, but also a powerful sixth-order pet!

Boom~!

In just a split second, Xiao Huoluan slapped out a claw and met Old Gu's punch.

In the next second, the fists and claws collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Golden flame!

Dancing wildly!

In the next second, two muffled hums!

Xiao Huoluan and Gu Lao flew out at the same time.

However, Xiao Huoluan flew hundreds of meters away.

Old Gu actually flew out of the kilometer.

This round, Xiao Huoluan has the upper hand!

Boo~!

The next second, Xiao Huoluan let out a phoenix cry, and took the initiative to kill Gu Lao...

At the same time, the nine Lan Yuan people also killed Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, light and shadow flashed on Qin Feng's body, and the four avatars came out to meet the nine Lan Yuan people.

Suddenly, the two sides fought together, and the sky was dark and the sun and the moon were dark!

Qin Feng only sent four clones, and it was tied with the nine Lan Yuan.

In this way, no one can stop Qin Feng from performing the doomsday natural disaster!

I saw his hand holding the seal, standing still!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Countless thunders, wind blades, ice arrows, and meteorites fell, killing only the army below.

Screaming screams, one after another!

The blood fog in the sky continued to roll.

Every minute and every second, a whole group of Cang clan disciples fell.

One after another, white light of energy flew from below and poured into Qin Feng's body crazily...

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +23 attributes, +240,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 834/1000. 】

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +9 attributes, +70,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 835/1000. 】

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +32 attributes, +410,000 energy value, +1 certificate card... The current certificate card collection progress is 865/1000. 】

 …

Wave after wave of energy swept Qin Feng's body frantically, causing his upgrade progress to skyrocket!

At the same time, his attribute points and credential cards are also increasing wildly!

This extreme sense of gain made him feel extremely happy...

At the same moment, ten miles away.

More than 600 Longyuan villagers, including Liu Xuan and Qiyun, looked ahead in astonishment.

There were earth-shattering explosions constantly coming from there, as if the world was about to be destroyed, which made them extremely frightened.

"Master! It must be the master who is fighting against the Cang clan army, let's hurry over there!"

Qiyun was anxious.

Liu Xuan also said anxiously: "That's right! The boss has already met them! Let's hurry up and support!"

As soon as the voice fell, Long Yuan's army was about to set off.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, the village chief, has killed thousands of famous guardians and obtained 1,000 guardian vouchers (level 3), and the voucher collection task is complete! 】

Boom~!

Liu Xuan and the others were shocked, their mouths wide open.

Oh my God!

As soon as the boss set off, they followed closely.

Before they could catch up with the boss, the boss had already killed a thousand celebrity-level guardians.

This efficiency is too fast!

I'm afraid it didn't take fifteen minutes before and after!

In such a short period of time, the boss killed thousands of people with the power of one person. How did he do it?

People can't imagine it!

Immediately, there was an earth-shattering cheer in the field.

"My God! The boss has killed a thousand celebrity-level guardians!"

"Too fast! Really too fast!"

"Brothers, what are you still doing? Let's go to support the boss!"

"Walk!"

At the moment, a group of 600 people rushed to the battle arena.

At this moment, they knew that Qin Feng must have the upper hand, which made them extremely excited, their blood boiled, and their marching speed was twice as fast...

At the same moment, in the battle scene!

Qin Feng was still holding the seal, and swept the Cang clan disciples below with natural disasters.

In such a short time, he had slaughtered more than 1500 people, and hundreds of people were still on the ground, unable to move.

The rest of the 1,000 or so people had long since lost their minds and started to flee...

But the doomsday natural disaster covers thousands of miles, and they can escape Qin Feng's hunting range...

On the other side, Lan Yuan's nine people roared in anger when they saw this scene.

They wanted to stop Qin Feng, but they were entangled by the four avatars.

Looking at the other side, the battle between Xiao Huoluan and Gu Lao has already entered the light of day.

At this time, Old Gu had a long sword with a black handle and a white blade in his hand.

With that sword, Old Gu and Xiao Huoluan were evenly tied.

When Qin Feng saw the sword, his heart was hot.

A sixth-order sword!

The power is definitely stronger than his dark night sword!

If he can grab it, his overall strength can be improved a lot!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field.

Seeing Old Gu roared angrily, he knocked Xiao Luan'er back with a knife.

Boo~!

Xiao Luan'er was angry, and after a while of Feng Ming, he slaughtered Old Gu again.

"Bastard! The old man fought with you!"

At this moment, Old Gu had already red-eyed.

As soon as those words fell, his upper body suddenly swelled several times.

Pop~pop~pop~!

Immediately afterwards, his upper body clothes burst, revealing his muscular body.

Qin Feng couldn't help but glance at it.

1.4 Upon seeing this, he was surprised to find that Old Gu had a golden dragon tattooed on his back.

It's just that the golden dragon looks as if it is alive, and the dragon's eyes are filled with cruel light, as if it wants to swallow everything, which is frightening.

What is this stuff?ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

It looks like a tattoo, but it is different from a tattoo!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

"It's the totem pattern! Old Gu wants to use the power of the totem!"

"Great! Old Gu finally uses his trump card!"

When Lan Yuan and the others saw the golden dragon tattoo, they exclaimed in excitement.

The totem pattern can be obtained in the totem temple, but not everyone can get it.

People like them are only owned by Old Gu.

It was at this moment that Elder Gu flipped his hand, and there was a small ball of divine blood in the palm of his hand, exuding a faint golden light and a terrifying coercion.

Dragon blood!

Qin Feng recognized the origin of the divine blood at a glance.

Because his bloodline talent is dragon blood talent.

That group of divine blood contains dragon power, which shows that the purity and quality of its dragon blood are extremely high.

It was at this moment that Old Gu opened his mouth to take a breath and swallowed the ball of dragon blood.

The 248th chapter psychic integration, thousands of stars battle power! (for full order)

It was at this moment that Old Gu opened his mouth to take a breath and swallowed the ball of dragon blood...

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed!

The dragon totem behind it gradually turned red, and then lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Ow~!

Immediately afterwards, a dragon roar seemed to come from above the nine heavens.

The sky behind Old Gu instantly became gloomy, and a phantom of a golden dragon appeared out of thin air.

The phantom of the giant dragon appeared, and the endless dragon might cover the sky and the ground, covering the entire audience, making everyone tremble.

At this time, the giant dragon phantom slowly opened and closed his eyes, and his golden pupils exuded endless majesty, with an aura that looked down on the world.

As if it were the **** of this world!

"What a terrifying Longwei!"

Qin Feng was shocked.

At this moment, the phantom of the giant dragon gradually disappeared.

Old Gu also opened his eyes, filled with joy.