Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, his aura has reached 877 stars in one fell swoop, increasing the battle power of 100 stars out of thin air.

That is the effect of the totem **** pattern!

It is a pity that his physique cannot really integrate dragon blood. Every time he uses the totem **** pattern to activate the power of dragon blood, he has to pay a great price.

Otherwise, he would have used this trump card long ago!

Boo~!

At this moment, a phoenix roar resounded throughout the world!

Xiao Huoluan just happened to kill him and grabbed Elder Gu's Heavenly Spirit with one claws.

That claw opened the sky and cracked the earth, and the momentum was extremely terrifying.

"It's a good time to come 09!"

Swish~!

Old Gu faced Xiao Huoluan's attack with a knife!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

Flames fly!

Broken scales and broken feathers fly!

Xiao Huoluan let out a miserable roar, then vomited blood and flew out.

That knife hit Xiao Huoluan hard!

Lan Yuan and the others suddenly cheered.

"Haha! Evil beast! Die!

Old Gu was even more ecstatic, his figure flashed, and he chased and killed Xiao Huoluan.

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, he caught up with Xiao Huoluan, slashed with all his strength, and slashed down.

But at this moment, the space was distorted, and Xiao Huoluan disappeared out of thin air.

That knife suddenly came out of thin air!

The next second, Xiao Huoluan appeared beside Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng felt extremely distressed when he saw Xiao Huoluan's injury.

Looking closely, there was a knife mark on Xiao Huoluan's paw, dripping with blood.

Having said that, he has killed more than 2,000 people in the Cang clan army, and the remaining 700 or 800 people are either injured or disabled, and none of them are in good health.

Under the natural disaster, the human-level realm is all ants!

At the moment, he hurriedly stopped casting the doomsday natural disaster, and pressed a palm on Xiao Huoluan's wound.

Om~!

A dazzling blue light lit up in his palm.

Back to Heaven activated!

Suddenly, Xiao Huoluan's wound was rapidly recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Little thief! You are going to die too!"

At this time, Old Gu roared and killed.

After he used his hole cards, his strength skyrocketed, his confidence increased, and people became extremely arrogant.

In an instant, he reached the near future and slashed at Qin Feng, intending to interrupt Qin Feng's treatment of Xiao Huoluan.

"roll!"

Qin Feng took a knife and met Old Gu's attack.

When~!

Two knives collide!

A burst of gold and iron symphony, sound waves swaying!

The space was shattered inch by inch!

The explosive power is terrifying!

In the next second, Elder Gu groaned, and was slashed by the knife and flew backwards...

And Qin Feng was still standing in the sky, motionless.

In such a comparison, a judgment is made!

"Oh my God! Old Gu used the strongest trump card, and he is not his opponent!"

"He must be a Jiuzhongtian powerhouse!"

"Withdraw! Quickly withdraw!"

Lan Yuan's nine people panicked, roaring one by one, turned around and fled.

At this moment, their fighting spirit completely collapsed.

"Escape! Escape!"

Old Gu, who was split into the air, also left those words behind, turned around and fled.

That kid's strength is terrifying!

He used the power of totem cards, but he was still vulnerable in front of that kid.

That being the case, if he didn't run for his life, when would he wait?

Boom~!

Immediately, the ten people including Gu Lao, Lan Yuan, and others collapsed and fled everywhere.

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er's injuries were fully recovered.

"Little guy, kill the ground first! Then kill the old man!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng slaughtered the nine people in Lan Yuan.

Xiao Luan'er understood, and also killed the nine Lan Yuan people.

The four clones also killed the nine Lan Yuan people at the same time.

At this time, these nine people were scattered and fled, and they must not be allowed to escape.

In this way, only Old Gu is no one to chase and kill...

It was at this moment that Liu Xuan and others finally arrived at the scene.

As soon as they arrived, they were shocked when they saw corpses scattered everywhere, blood flowing into rivers.

"Look! Those guys ran away!"

"They're all hurt!"

"Don't let them go! Kill!"

"Go! Go! Go!"

"Kill!"

Soon, Liu Xuan and others discovered that hundreds of Cang clan remnants were fleeing.

Liu Xuan and others hurriedly chased after them.

For a time, the shouting and killing was earth-shattering!

The scene is hot!

Those Cang clan remnants were so frightened that they ran away desperately.

But they were all seriously injured, and there was no way they could escape the pursuit.

In just a moment, the army of Long Yuan rushed into the remnants of the Cang clan.

Suddenly, iron horse Jin Ge, swords and swords shadows, and blood flashes.

A massacre begins!

Terrible screams, one after another!

One after another Cang clan remnant soldiers were chopped down by Liu Xuan and others...

At the same time, Qin Feng chased and killed the nine prefecture-level powerhouses.

In just a moment, he caught up with the three.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Knife light flashes!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Blood splashed again and again!

A mournful roar echoed in the air!

One after another, white light poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +357 attributes, +2.14 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 9/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +362 attributes, +2.04 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 10/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +376 attributes, +2.26 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 11/30. 】

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng killed three people in a row.

Afterwards, he continued to hunt down other prefecture-level powerhouses...

In less than ten minutes, Lan Yuan's nine people were all beheaded.

Qin Feng and the four avatars killed a total of seven people, which gave Qin Feng a lot of energy and attribute points.

Xiao Luan'er also arrested the two of them.

At this moment, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er lit up with upgraded white light at the same time.

【Your level has been promoted to level 22! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

【You get 20 free attributes! 】

The upgrade is complete, the momentum is soaring!

997 Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He looked up and saw that Xiao Luan'er had just risen to level 14, and the little guy also let out a cheerful Feng Ming.

Looking down, Liu Xuan and the others are still slaughtering the Cang clan remnants, will it end in a while.

"Dad! Daddy! The old man is about to run away!"

Xiao Luan'er cried anxiously.

Qin Feng looked up and saw that Gu Lao had fled ten miles away, and his figure was about to disappear from their sight.

"He can't escape! Little guy, psychic fit!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Um!"

Xiao Luan responded obediently.

The next second, Qin Feng pinched the psychic seal.

Om~!