Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Afterwards, Xiao Huoluan's whole body lit up with golden light, and his body gradually faded, and then turned into a large group of golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body.

One person and one beast unite in an instant!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and he reached a 1000-star combat power in a blink of an eye, which was extremely terrifying.

Thousand-star combat power!

The pinnacle of ground level!

Can be the overlord!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, a pair of fiery red wings grew out of Qin Feng's back, like a phoenix spreading its wings.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

If you look closely, you will find that it is the wings of Xiao Huoluan.

Later, Qin Feng's whole body was covered with red feathers again, forming a set of mighty red feather armor.

At this point, the psychic integration is complete!

At this time, Qin Feng waved his hand and released Qiyue, letting it slowly land on the ground.

As soon as Qiyue appeared, she understood and hurriedly went to collect the corpses of those prefecture-level powerhouses.

Boom~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's whole body was ignited with golden flames that burned the sky and destroyed the earth.

Then, when he spread his wings, he turned into a stream of fire, chasing and killing the old man.

The 249th chapter is a great victory, and the harvest is overwhelming! (for full order)

But on the other side, Old Gu has been burying his head and fleeing.

He didn't dare look back.

The screams of Lan Yuan and others came one after another, which made him panic.

fear!

It's so scary!

That challenger is clearly a human-level realm, but it is unimaginable that he can exert the strength of Jiuzhongtian.

If this story spreads, it will definitely shock all the guardian forces in this world.

In short, he wanted to escape back to the clan as soon as possible, and tell the clan leader about the explosive news, so that the clan leader could quickly come up with countermeasures.

Perhaps, the only way to deal with that kid is to ask the Heavenly Venerable to take action!

what!

Be quiet for a while behind you, the kid shouldn't be chasing after him, right?

Thinking of this, Elder Gu looked back.

When he turned around, he was terrified.

I saw that Qin Feng had chased after him, and the speed was terrifying, and the distance between the two sides was only a few miles away.

Old Gu hurriedly moved a seal and cast a secret technique.

Boom~!

Suddenly, his whole body was red and generous, and his speed increased by 30%.

Boom~Long~Long!

But it didn't take long for Qin Feng to catch up.

I saw Qin Feng flapping his wings and turning into a stream of fire. Wherever he went, his vitality shook, the world changed dramatically, and the roar continued.

Even if Old Gu's speed has increased by 30%, it is still far from Qin Feng's speed.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng was only a few kilometers away from Old Gu.

huh~!

At this moment, his figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared strangely in front of Old Gu.

That is the space ability - teleportation!

This is the space ability of Xiao Huoluan.

After psychic integration, Qin Feng can also master this ability.

Qin Feng's appearance out of thin air immediately blocked Old Gu's way.

Old Gu was so frightened that his face changed drastically.

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng slashed at him with a knife.

Swish~!

Knife light up!

The golden flame wraps the blade!

The momentum is devastating!

"Little thief! Stop it!"

Old Gu screamed and raised his sword.

When~!

A burst of chirping!

Qin Feng knocked the long knife in Old Gu's hand into the air with a single knife, and the remaining power of the knife continued to slash!

Kacha~!

Blood splashes!

Old Gu didn't even have time to let out a scream, but he was split in half, and the body rolled down from the air.

Then, another dazzling white light poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +557 attributes, +4.14 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 18/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, your pet gets +137 attributes and +940,000 energy. 】

Finally killed it!

The energy and attributes provided by this old man are so much!

Qin Feng felt dark in his heart.

Once this old Gu dies, no one can go back and report to the Cang Clan.

The situation was very favorable for him.

The Cang Clan would never have imagined that the army they sent would fail so quickly.

At that time, he will be able to kill the Cang Clan by surprise.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slowly fell from the sky.

At this moment, Old Gu's corpse lit up, and then a small ball of divine blood emerged, emitting a faint golden light and a terrifying dragon might.

Qin Feng quickly looked carefully.

[True Dragon Blood Essence (Lower Grade): A seventh-order item, the lower-quality True Dragon Blood Essence contains a huge power of dragon blood and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of dragon blood can refine dragon blood. Or use the totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of dragon blood. 】

good! good!

It really is dragon blood!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Old Gu didn't have the talent of dragon blood and couldn't really refine dragon blood. He only used secret techniques to temporarily stimulate the power of dragon blood.

But Qin Feng's talent for dragon blood can completely refine this group of dragon blood.

"Tsk tsk! This low-grade True Dragon Blood Essence is a seventh-order item. If it is a high-grade True Dragon Blood Essence, it is even more valuable, I'm afraid it is a ninth-rank item. It can be seen that the bloodline talent of the dragon race is extremely terrifying! "

Qin Feng muttered, his heart was already hot.

Obviously, as long as he refines this group of dragon blood, his bloodline talent will be greatly improved, and his strength will skyrocket.

It's a pity that he is too busy right now to refine it right away.

Thinking of this, he took out a jade bottle and collected the dragon blood.

Then, he began to clear the battlefield.

Soon, he extracted 40 attributes from Old Gu's corpse, and obtained a storage ring and a long knife with a black handle and a white blade.

The resources in the storage are extremely rich, there are seven or eight pieces of fourth-order equipment alone, and there are countless rare materials.

When Qin Feng identified the attributes of the black-handled long knife, his face was full of joy.

[Shocking Dragon Blade: Tier 6 equipment, attack power +500, strength +300, attack speed +200%, armor piercing +100%, wound tearing +100%, power of the five elements increase +100%, unidentified master! 】

good! good!

The attributes of this Dragon-Shocking Blade are obviously one level higher than that of the Dark Night Sword, and it deserves to be a sixth-order item.

If the Golden Spirit is integrated into it, the power will be even greater, I am afraid it can be comparable to the seventh-order equipment.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

Immediately, he broke his finger and dripped blood into the Jinglong Blade.

Om~!

The next second, the Jinglong Blade lit up with spiritual light, and then let out a cheerful dragon roar, which turned into a golden light and poured into his body.

At this point, Qin Feng got another sixth-order equipment, and the momentum of the whole person skyrocketed.

Immediately, he casually released a ball of golden flames and turned Gu Lao's corpse into ashes...

After doing this, he hurried back to the battle scene.

There are also large trophies there, waiting for him to harvest!

Before long, he rushed back to the battlefield.

By the time he arrived, the battle on the field was over.

The Cang clan's children were wiped out, and no one escaped.

There were no casualties among the villagers of Longyuan. Only thirty or so people suffered some minor injuries.

Before the war, Qin Feng asked Qiyue to distribute a large number of Shengxu Dan and Jigu Dan to the villagers in Tayue Town.

In short, in this battle, Longyuan Village won a great victory!

Those villagers killed some Cang clan disciples, and they all got a lot of benefits. Many people gained dozens of stats and leveled up.

As for the attribute points and energy points that Qin Feng harvested, there are more.

Xiao Luan'er also gained a lot of attributes and energy values, and has been promoted to 2 levels in a row, and it is not far from the next level.

But he said that as soon as Qin Feng arrived at the scene, he automatically released the psychic fusion, released the four avatars, and began to clear the battlefield.

Xiao Luan'er also participated in the cleanup.

At this time, Qi Yue came over excitedly.

"Master, I have found the corpses of fifteen Earth-level powerhouses, and they are all in this storage ring."

"very good!"

Qin Feng happily took the storage ring.

"Master, Yue'er continues to clean up the battlefield!"

"Um!"

When Qiyue left, Qin Feng took out the corpses of fifteen prefecture-level powerhouses from the storage ring, and began to collect the spoils and extract...