Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, the four avatars, Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Liu Xuan and others were also helping to clear the battlefield.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng cleaned up the corpses of fifteen prefecture-level powerhouses, harvested a lot, and extracted more than 500 attributes and several special skills.

Afterwards, he went to clean up the corpses of the Cang clan children at the scene.

【Endless extraction success! Gained 7 points of strength attribute! 】

【Endless extraction success! Gained 3 points of Dexterity! 】

【Endless extraction success! Gained 4 energy attributes! 】

...

In this way, Qin Feng and the four clones extracted the corpses of the Cang clan's children and harvested waves of attribute points, which made him extremely comfortable...

In a blink of an eye, he and the four avatars have extracted more than one hundred corpses, and they are still extracting...

【Endless extraction success! Gained 3 physical attributes! 】

【Endless extraction success! Gained 8 strength attributes! 】

【Endless extraction failed! You have withdrawn to the full limit! 】

[Reminder: You have a certain upper limit for the endless extraction of the same guardian race; the upper limit of the human level is 500 people, the earth level is 50 people, and the sky level is 5 people. 】

Qin Feng knew it!

Knew it!

Endless extraction is limited in number of times.

This is also Heaven's way to maintain balance and limit him.

However, he was very satisfied.

Before he knew it, he extracted 500 corpses of Cang clan disciples and obtained a large number of attribute points.

In addition, the upper limit of the number of Cang clan's prefecture-level powerhouses he can extract is 50.

So far, he has withdrawn a total of 24 people, and it is still too early to be full.

In other words, he can continue to kill the Cang clan's ground-level powerhouses and continue to extract benefits...

Thinking of this, he glanced at his combat strength assessment again, and was suddenly surprised.

Under this frenzied extraction, his combat power has unknowingly increased to 937 stars, and his combat power has skyrocketed!

Of course, his gains don't stop there.

He also gets a lot of free attribute points.

It's just that he has to clear the battlefield and has no time to check it out.

In short, he still quickly cleaned up the battlefield, and then took stock of the harvest...

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

The whole place is cleaned up!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

In the end, Xiao Huoluan spewed out golden flames, turning all the corpses into ashes.

At this moment, everyone surrounded Qin Feng excitedly, waiting for his instructions.

"Master, everyone has cleaned up the scene. There are about 3,000 storage rings here, all of them belonging to the Cang clan disciples. What should I do?"

It turned out that after Liu Xuan and others collected the spoils, they handed them all over to Qiyue and waited for Qin Feng to deal with them uniformly.

They have great respect for Qin Feng in their hearts, and at the same time they know that this battle is all due to Qin Feng, so how dare they take the spoils privately.

Qin Feng glanced at the storage rings, lacking interest.

With his current strength and wealth, he has long despised the storage ring of the human-level realm.

Immediately, he said: "Yue'er, take stock of these spoils. Take out half of them and reward them to today's fighters. The other half will be handed over to Elder Qishan for the future construction of the village."

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience cheered.

"Thank you boss!"

"Thank you master!"

"Thanks to the village chief brother!"

The villagers were extremely excited and expressed their thanks to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was also infected by the joyful emotions of everyone, and was quite relieved.

Afterwards, he smiled: "Today's battle is over! Everyone, go back to Tayue Town first! Tomorrow morning is the Heavenly Punishment Assessment. Everyone must hurry up and sprint their strength to prepare for tomorrow's Heavenly Punishment Assessment."

As soon as they heard the Heavenly Punishment Assessment, everyone felt a sense of urgency in their hearts, and they did not dare to be slighted.

The penalty assessment that day was a big hurdle, and it should not be taken lightly.

At the moment, Qin Feng asked a few more words.

After Liu Xuan and others took orders, they led the villagers of Longyuan back to Tayue Town...

After Liu Xuan and others left, Qi Yue asked curiously, "Master, what are we going to do next?"

Qin Feng looked up in the direction of the Cangtu Ministry.

"We have only completed one-third of the mission in the third stage of the god-level village, that is, we have finished collecting the guardian credentials. There are still 12 pass cards, and at least 12 prefecture-level powerhouses of the Cang clan have to be killed."

"In addition, I will also go to the Sunshine Canyon near the Cangtu Ministry. I also have a 'Bright Purification' task, where should I complete it. In short, we must hurry up and go to the Cangtu Ministry and bury it for the next plan. Good foreshadowing."

Qi Yue nodded again and again: "Yue'er understands!"

Qin Feng sighed again: "The time is very short! I want to complete the third stage of the task of the god-level village within today, it is absolutely impossible. Because I have to get back to Longyuan Village before dawn, In order to deal with the punishment tomorrow morning."

Qiyue: "Master, can we take the teleportation formation in Tayue Town?"

Qin Feng shook his head: "No! Sitting in the teleportation array will surely disturb the people of the Cangtu Ministry, and I have to start a killing spree. In this case, I must kill their headquarters and then break into the Totem Temple."

"Otherwise, as soon as the killing of the Cangtu Ministry is revealed, the Cangzu Headquarters will take precautions. But according to the time, it's too late. The current time is not enough for me to complete the task of the third stage."

"I can't delay tomorrow's talent assessment for this task. That is the most important thing. So, I will try it today to see if I can seize the time to complete the light purification task first."

Qi Yue suddenly said, "Oh, Yue'er understands!"

Qin Feng looked back at Xiao Huoluan again: "Little Luan'er, I'll trouble you to hurry this time."

"Guji! Guji"

Xiao Luan'er called out a few times happily.

In Qin Feng's ears, it was the voice of the little girl.

"Dad, I know!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Okay! Let's go, sir!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Later, he and the four avatars also entered the zero-dimensional space at the same time.

At the moment, there are only white light spots the size of soybeans left in the field, which are the space nodes left by the zero-degree space.

Xiao Luan'er opened her mouth and took a breath, then sucked the space node into her belly.

It has a talent for space, and it can swallow the entire zero-degree space and hide it in the body.

After doing this, it spread its wings and turned into a golden flame bird with a body length of five feet, flying towards the direction of the Cangtu Ministry...

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, Qin Feng began to take stock of his gains

PS: Dear readers, and small authors, please beg for a full order!

Chapter 250 Breakthrough in strength, the pinnacle of the prefecture level! (for full order)

At this moment, zero-degree space, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng's four avatars perform their respective duties.

Three clones earn proficiency in alchemy, and one clone makes money by extracting short knives.

Qin Feng was alone and opened the attribute panel to check his latest attributes.

[Level]: Level 22

[Reputation]: 243 points (novice supreme)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 937 stars

[Free attribute points]: 13988 points.

good! good!

13988 attribute points!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

This time, the massacre of the Cang clan army was really great.

what!

Something seems wrong.

He slaughtered more than 2,000 Cang clan children, plus sixteen prefecture-level powerhouses, there should be more than that many attribute points!

With this in mind, he hurriedly checked the information records from Tiandao.

Sure enough, I found some useful information.

[Reminder: The attribute points you get from killing a murder-level guardian have reached the upper limit. 】

[Reminder: The upper limit of the backfeeding of murder-level guardians is 1,000 people. If the number of people exceeds the number, there is no attribute point backfeeding, and only energy points can be obtained. 】

[Reminder: The level is promoted to level 25, and the upper limit of feedback is increased to 2000 people. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

In other words, he is now a murderer-level guardian, and he can only get the energy value, and he can't wait for the attribute points to feed back.

Only after he reaches level 25, he can get attribute points to feed back.

This is heaven forcing him to upgrade quickly!

interesting!

Qin Feng smiled.

He was very satisfied with the harvest this time.

Next, he still has to kill more guardians to speed up the upgrade speed.

After reaching level 25, he will slaughter human-level guardians again, and there will be a thousand back-feeding, which will be a big gain of nearly 10,000,647 attributes!

This shows that upgrading is also very important!

If you don't want so much, let's hurry up and improve your strength!

At the thought of adding 13,988 attributes, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Immediately, he clicked on the four-dimensional attribute and added the starting point happily.

Qin Feng didn't know that in the heavens and the world, there was no challenger like him who could so madly reap the guardian's attributes.

At first, few people can have such strength as him.

Second, few people can master such powerful group attack skills as Doomsday Calamity.

The doomsday natural disaster is simply a weapon for harvesting attribute points and energy values!

In fact, in the previous World Wars, many challengers had risen to level 50, and only a hundred guardians had been killed.

It looks like Qin Feng is only level 22 and has already killed more than 2,000 people.

Soon, Qin Feng completed the addition, and the combat power soared to 1147 stars.

The combat power actually broke the threshold of a thousand stars in one fell swoop.

good! good!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!