Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Thousand-star combat power is the threshold for the pinnacle of the prefecture level.

Today, he has a 1147-star combat power, which means that he has officially entered the ranks of the prefecture-level peak powerhouses.

The prefecture-level peak can be the overlord of a party.

As far as Qin Feng knows, there are seven guardian forces in this area.

The strongest guardian of each party is either the pinnacle of the earth level or the powerhouse of the heaven level.

Before he knew it, he had already become one of the powerhouses in this area.

However, he can compete with those at the top of the prefecture level.

But against a heavenly powerhouse, I'm afraid it's not an opponent!

Qin Feng couldn't help muttering in his heart.

Heaven-level powerhouses nominally have a basic combat power of more than 1,000 stars, but in fact it is far more than that.

It is like the basic combat power of the prefecture-level threshold is 100 stars, but they can control the power of heaven and earth, and the weakest have 200 stars.

In the same way, the Heaven-level powerhouses also have their own special means, which are definitely much stronger than the Earth-level powerhouses.

It can be regarded as an additional combat power for special means, and even the weakest of the Heaven-level powerhouses can reach a combat power of more than 2000 stars.

In this way, he is still much weaker than the Heaven-level masters!

With his current strength, when he encounters a heaven-level expert, there is no other way but to escape.

After all, the strength of the two sides is huge!

correct!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

This time he slaughtered so many children of the Cang clan.

If the Cang Clan noticed, would they join forces with the other six guardian forces to encircle him?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

He learned from the various information left by the Cang clan's children that the Cang clan is the weakest of the seven guardian forces, but it still has two prefecture-level peak powerhouses.

The other guardian forces are even more terrifying, and there must be heaven-level powerhouses.

At present, the seven guardian forces are independent, and even for their own interests, there is some friction between each other.

And his appearance, will the seven major forces give up their previous suspicions and unite together to encircle and suppress him?

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible, and he began to feel uneasy in his heart.

It seems that he has to improve his strength!

If he wants to survive under the encirclement and suppression of the seven major forces, he must at least reach the strength of heaven.

I don't know if this time I went to the Sunshine Canyon to do that bright purification task, can I make the strength go a step further?

By the way, after the punishment assessment is over.

He has to destroy the Cang clan as soon as possible, and let the seven major forces get rid of one of them, which will benefit him without any harm.

However, the Cang Clan has two peaks at the prefecture level, and it is not easy to destroy them!

Forget it, it's too early to think about these things.

Or deal with the chores in front of you first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flipped through it, and there were more than a dozen storage rings in the palm of his hand, which were the rings of more than a dozen earth-level powerhouses such as Elder Gu.

The wealth of these prefecture-level powerhouses is much richer than those of the Cang clan's human-level children.

I am afraid that one person can be worth hundreds of children.

He should also take a good inventory, maybe there is a surprise...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to take stock of those storage rings.

At the same time, Qiyue was also taking stock of the gains from this battle.

In the chat channel of Longyuan Village, there was even more cheers.

All the villagers were excitedly talking about the previous battle, and they were all excited.

Especially the villagers who participated in the battle this time, their energy value and attribute points have soared, and their mood is even more excited.

Those villagers who did not participate in the war were naturally envious.

But when those villagers who did not participate in the war learned that Qin Feng had killed more than 2,000 people by himself, and even killed more than a dozen prefecture-level powerhouses.

This suddenly caused a huge sensation!

For a time, the whole village's worship of Qin Feng reached its peak...

At the same time, thousands of miles away, the Cang Clan headquarters.

At this point, the sun has gone up three.

The Cang Clan headquarters was full of busy figures.

In an exquisitely renovated courtyard, the patriarch Xuan Qiong stomped leisurely and enjoyed a pleasant time.

He had just eaten breakfast and was taking a walk to digest his food.

"Calculate the time, Old Gu's army should have just arrived at Tayue Town, right?"

Xuan Qiong looked in the direction of Tayue Town and muttered in his heart.

Just then, footsteps sounded behind him.

Xuan Qiong turned back and saw the white-haired Mo Lao walking over with a smile on his face.

"Patriarch, you are looking in the direction of Tayue Town again. You should be thinking about Old Gu, right?"

Xuan Qiong smiled without saying a word.

Mo Lao smiled casually: "Calculate the time, Gu Lao's army just arrived at Tayue Town."

Xuan Qiong smiled and said, "Lao Mo, have you arranged all the people you have arranged?"

Mo Lao hurriedly said: "The old man has already made arrangements. This time, we have dispatched 2,000 troops, ten prefecture-level experts, and this old man is eleven prefecture-level experts. After three hours, we will rush to Cang. Earth Ministry Assemble."

Xuan Qiong nodded slightly: "Three hours later, if there is no accident, Gu Lao has repaired the teleportation formation in Tayue Town, and reconnected the Cangtu Ministry and the teleportation formation in Tayue Town. You don't have to march overnight. , just sit in the teleportation formation directly."

Mo Lao murmured: "Patriarch, our Cang clan only has more than 10,000 people in total. We are afraid that it will attract the attention of other guardian forces. We can't guarantee that we will not have their eyesight in our clan."

Xuan Qiong smiled coldly: "Even if they notice it, it's too late for them. This time, we finally found the trace of the challenger in advance, so naturally we can't miss the opportunity."

Mo Lao nodded: "That's true! In the early days, Heavenly Dao protected the challenging forces very closely, and it was extremely difficult to find the location of the challenging forces. It is indeed a chance that we can find the traces of the challengers in advance."

Xuan Qiong also said: "So, we have to carry out a carpet search, and we must not miss this opportunity. I am also worried that the 3,000 people of Gu Lao are not enough to search, so I will send more people over."

"Generally speaking, the challenger's novice village power is not too far apart from village to village. As long as one finds one, it's easy to find the second one. It's not a bad thing to send more people. Besides, tomorrow will be the punishment test. Now, it’s also the easiest day to expose the Challenger Novice Village!”

Mo Lao smiled and nodded: "It's still the thoughtful consideration of the patriarch! The old man will go down and make arrangements, and then wait for the good news of Gu Lao."

At the moment, Mo Lao retreated and left.

Xuan Qiong looked at the back of Mo Lao leaving, and was already imagining the harvest in his heart.

For so many years, the Cang Clan has been at the bottom of the seven guardian forces.

If Elder Gu and Elder Mo can slaughter a few novice villages this time, the Cang Clan will get a lot of points.

With those points, the Cang Clan might be turned over.

More importantly, he may be able to get a chance to break through to the heavenly realm!

At the thought of breaking through the heavenly realm, Xuan Qiong's heart was filled with fiery heat.

As for whether we can get the opportunity, it depends on the development of the next two days.

Thinking of this, he is full of expectations for the next two days.

It's just that he would never have imagined that Old Gu's army would be wiped out before they approached Tayue Town.

The 251st chapter fifth-order sky quenched gold

But on the other side, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is taking stock of his gains.

After a quarter of an hour, he finished all the inventory, and his face was full of joy.

The net worth of the prefecture-level powerhouse is rich, and this time he made a lot of money.

There are about twenty pieces of fourth-order equipment alone, which can completely make Qiyue a set of fourth-order equipment.

In addition, he also got a top-grade storage ring, which has a storage space a hundred times that of an ordinary storage ring.

And two third-order pill furnaces, just for clones.

In addition, he got some rare spirit grass and spirit flowers, which just happened to be able to refine some high-level medicinal pills for him.

As for various resources and materials, there are countless more.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this harvest.

Afterwards, he put away the storage ring and prepared to check the quest list of the 'Certified Alchemist' to see if there was any - Advanced Pill quest.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of first-level novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 5,000, which is the standard required for a fifth-level village. 】

what! This is 5000 seats!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was quite relieved.

The brothers in Longyuan Village are really powerful!

At present, Longyuan Village has a group of fighters like Liu Xuan, and a large number of people who collect various resources internally.

The village's combat ability and upgrade speed kept pace and did not fall behind.

Having said that, when Longyuan Village is upgraded to a level 4 village, each villager gets 800 attribute points, and a level 5 village should get 1600 attribute points.

As a result, the overall strength of the villagers in Longyuan will increase greatly, and those who have broken through to more than 50 stars should be able to reach more than 3,000 people.

That can be regarded as quite a large-scale force!

At the same time, Qin Feng can also get 3,200 attribute rewards when he reaches a level 5 village, which can make his strength soar.

"The Cang clan has two prefecture-level peak powerhouses in charge. With my current strength, it is still very difficult to slaughter the Cang clan. I have to improve my strength. It seems that it is necessary to speed up the upgrade of Longyuan Village. ."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

If Longyuan Village wants to be upgraded to level 5, the village chief's wooden house must be upgraded to level 6.

During this time, he has been plagued by trivial matters, and he has not checked the conditions for upgrading to level 6.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the village chief operation interface and checked it.

[Level 6 cabin upgrade conditions]

[500 units of stone (Tier 1 resource)]

[100 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[50 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[50 units of high-grade fur (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 piece of sky-quenched gold (level 5 resource)]

After reading this information, Qin Feng laughed.

Longyuan Village lacks all kinds of stone, fine wood, fine iron, and high-grade fur.

The only rare thing is that the 5th-order resource - Heavenly Quenching Gold.

Whether it is resources, equipment, or divine cards, once it reaches the 5th tier or higher, the rarity will increase exponentially.

In theory, the difficulty of finding a piece of sky-quenched gold is far greater than getting a piece of Tier 4 equipment.

In other words, the value of a piece of sky-quenched gold is higher than Tier 4 equipment and lower than Tier 5 equipment.

Coincidentally, Qin Feng got two pieces of Heavenly Tempered Gold in the storage ring of Gu Lao and others, just to meet his needs for the promotion of the wooden house.

Thinking of this, he used the voice channel to contact Qiyue.