Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Yue'er, help me buy some materials."

Qiyue: "Master, what materials do you need?"

Qin Feng: "500 units of stone, 100 units of fine wood, 50 units of fine iron, and 50 units of high-grade fur."

Qi Yue was curious: "Master, do you want these materials, do you want to upgrade the wooden house to level 6?"

Qin Feng: "Yeah!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "That's great! Master, my grandfather keeps asking me, when will the master upgrade to level 6 wooden houses! His old man is now worried about upgrading to level 5 villages."

Qin Feng was relieved: "I've let the elders of Qishan worry! How is the upgrade progress of the village at present?"

Qiyue: "Everything is going very well! The population of our village, the combat power of level 10 or above, has already reached the standard. The number of level 1 wooden houses has just reached the standard."

"The number of 2, 3, 4, and 5 wooden houses is only a matter of time before reaching the standard, because we have no shortage of resources to upgrade the wooden houses."

"There are still two remaining, which need to be completed by the master. One is that the master's wooden house must be upgraded to level 6. The other is the public buildings in the village, which must reach more than 20."

"Currently, there are 19 public buildings in our village, and there is still one short of it!"

Qin Feng: "These two points are easy to handle! I have already obtained the key materials needed to upgrade the wooden house to level 6. You just need to help me collect the materials."

"As for public buildings, when we go to the Sunlight Canyon and find the Guangming Remnant Hall, we will build a teleportation array in the remnant hall to make up the number."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master, Yue'er is going to collect materials!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

After the end of the conversation, Qiyue put down all the affairs in her hand and did her best to help Qin Feng collect materials.

In her mind, the master's affairs are the most important.

She wants to help the master upgrade the level 6 wooden house as soon as possible.

At the same time, Qin Feng continued to study the task of alchemy

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, five hours passed.

At the speed of Xiao Huoluan, he finally arrived near the Cangtu Department.

After all, the little guy is flying at full speed, and that speed has completely reached the level of the peak of the eighth heaven.

After that battle, Xiao Huoluan also got a lot of attribute feedback and was promoted two levels in a row.

Today, its basic combat power has reached 590 stars, under the condition of controlling the power of heaven and earth.

That is 890 stars, not far from the strength of Jiuzhongtian.

As a result, its flight speed is naturally extremely fast, and it arrived near the Cangtu Department in just 5 hours.

At the same time, the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold was already crowded with people.

The Cangtu clan was originally one of the two weakest clans of the nine clans of the Cang clan, with a permanent population of less than a thousand people.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Not long ago, Heilong took hundreds of people away, and the population left by the Cangtu Ministry was less than three or four hundred.

But he didn't want to, this morning, Mo Lao brought ten prefecture-level powerhouses and two thousand Cang clan children to station.

000

This made the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold become noisy.

At this moment, the manager of the Cangtu Department is welcoming Mo Lao and his party warmly.

But they didn't expect that in a jungle more than ten miles away from the Cangtu Ministry, two mysterious people were secretly observing the activities of the Cangtu Ministry.

The two mysterious people were all wearing black robes, their breaths were hidden, and their bodies were suspended in the air.

From this, it can be seen that these two are two prefecture-level powerhouses.

"Brother Xie Yuan, this Cang clan's behavior is very strange!"

The man in black robe on the left has exquisite curves, even a loose black robe can't hide her proud curves.

The exposed skin of the black robe was also snow-white and smooth, and a strand of jet-black hair slipped out from under the hood.

This black-robed man was actually a strong female.

"Yeah! We got the inside information. Yesterday, the old Gu of the Cang clan brought an army of 3,000, and I don't know where they went. The place of departure was the Cangtu Ministry. Unexpectedly, Lao Mo brought another 2,000 troops today and was stationed in Cangtu. Earth Department."

The black-robed man on the right spoke.

He is a middle-aged male named Xie Yuan.

The woman in black robe was Ming Xi.

At this moment, Ming Chi muttered again: "Brother Xie Yuan, the Cang Clan frequently mobilizes the army, something must have happened, and I don't know what happened."

Xie Yuan sighed: "Yeah! It's really hard to guess! So, the patriarch asked you and me to spy on me, just to see, what the **** is the Cang clan doing?"

Ming Xi nodded slightly: "Yes! I just don't know... Hey! Brother Xie Yuan, what do you think that is?"

Halfway through his words, Ming Xi seemed to have discovered it, and pointed to the distance in surprise.

Xie Yuan hurriedly followed the sound and saw that more than ten miles away, a divine bird with golden flames all over its body was flying in a certain direction.

"It's Huo Luan! This is a rare bloodline spirit beast! This guy has the bloodline of the divine beast Suzaku!"

Xie Yuan recognized the details of Xiao Huoluan at a glance, and there was ecstasy in his eyes.

Hearing this, Ming Xi was also excited.

She hurriedly said: "Brother Xie Yuan, the blood spirit beasts can be used to sacrifice to the Totem Temple, this is a great opportunity!"

"Haha! That's right! Ming Xi, you continue to stay here and monitor the things of the Cang Clan. I'll go and capture that guy alive!"

"Brother Xie Yuan, you have to be careful, Huo Luan's strength is extremely extraordinary."

Xie Yuan smiled confidently: "Look at the shape of this Huo Luan, it is not yet mature, it is still in the growth stage. In my opinion, it is at most the strength of the fifth layer of heaven. Xie's strength is already in the sixth layer of heaven. If you want to capture it, Not difficult!"

"Then Brother Xie Yuan, go, and the little sister will continue to stay here to monitor!"

"it is good!"

Now, the two say goodbye.

Xie Yuan eagerly chased after the Huo Luan

In his opinion, his shot this time is definitely within his grasp.

That Huo Luan is naturally Qin Feng's pet - Xiao Luan'er.

Obviously, Xie Yuan far underestimated Xiao Luan'er's strength.

Xiao Luan'er is no ordinary Huo Luan!

Not to mention the strength of the Sixth Layer, even if the Nineth Layer powerhouse makes a shot, they may not be able to capture it.

What's more, there is a more powerful Qin Feng behind Xiao Luan'er!

Chapter 252 Strength continues to rise, level 6 wooden house!

Just when Xie Yuan was following him, Qin Feng also ended his trivial work in the zero-degree space.

Five hours in the outside world, fifteen hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

In these fifteen hours, he spent twelve hours devoted to the task of alchemy, and he only took the task of elixir of level 2 and above.

After this, he not only gained a lot of proficiency, but also gained more than a hundred Tier 2 elixir and a dozen Tier 3 elixir, which can be said to be a huge harvest.

For the next three hours, he has been taking the medicine pill.

At this time, he finally finished all the medicinal pills he was taking, and his combat power increased to 1189 stars in one fell swoop, a full increase of 42 stars.

From this, it can be seen that the second- and third-order medicinal herbs are extremely powerful, and they are of great help to the improvement of strength.

Qin Feng is also extremely satisfied.

At present, what he wants to do most is to raise his strength to the threshold of heaven.

Only when he reaches that level can he dare to survive under the joint encirclement and suppression of the guardian forces.

Therefore, he is very urgent to improve his strength now.

Of course, being surrounded and suppressed by the guardian forces was Qin Feng's worst plan, but he had to be prepared.

As the saying goes: People who have no immediate worries must have far-reaching concerns.

He was a rather far-fetched person.

"Finally refining is over!!"

At this time, in the room, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and stood up with a satisfied smile on his face.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The number of level 2 novice cabins in Longyuan Village has reached 2,000, which is the standard required for level 5 villages. 】

good! good!

Grade 2 cabins are also up to standard.

Longyuan Village is a big step closer to being a 5th-level village.

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

By the way, he should also upgrade his wooden house.

Thinking of this, he contacted Qiyue by voice.

"Yue'er, how is my material collection?"

Qiyue: "Master, Yue'er has already collected it. Have you left the customs yet?"

Qin Feng: "Yeah!"

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, Yue'er will send the materials you want right away!"

At the moment, the two ended their exchange.

After a while, footsteps sounded outside the training room.

squeak~!

The door was pushed open, and Qi Yue walked in happily.

Having said that, Yue'er has risen to level 13, and her temperament has become more and more watery, and her figure has become more and more exquisite.

Her combat power is also unknowingly raised to 130 stars.

"Master, all the materials you want are in this storage ring."

"very good!"

Qin Feng took the storage ring, glanced at it, and smiled with satisfaction.

There are not only the materials you want, but also three more golden treasure chests.

The little girl has always been very caring.

"Master, Yue'er has completed the inventory of the harvest of this war. Half of it was rewarded to Liu Xuan and other participating villages, and the remaining half was given to my grandfather to use as a logistics resource for the village."

"In addition, five hours have passed from the outside world now. That is to say, the view to the outside world is after two o'clock in the afternoon, and it is only three or four hours before it gets dark. There are more than 700 people in our Longyuan Village, and the level is still low. Stuck at level 9."

"Grandpa was worried that those people would be too slow to level up and that they would not be able to pass the novice assessment, so he took a batch of spiritual fluid and energy stones from the logistical resources and gave them to those people in your name to speed up their leveling progress. "

Qiyue reported the recent work progress.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Elder Qishan did the right thing! Don't look at those villagers who are slow to level up, but they will all be the mainstay of my Longyuan Village in the future, so none of them can be taken down, and they must all pass the novice assessment. ."

"Also, there are more than a thousand Tier 1 elixir in this storage ring. You can arrange it for the elite children stationed in Tayue Town!"

Qin Feng took out a storage ring.

Those Tier 1 spirit pills were all refined by his three avatars, and they had already been refined by him.

At the moment, Qi Yue happily took the storage ring and left the room.

With more than a thousand Tier 1 elixir, the elite disciples in Tayue Town will have to improve their overall strength.

Seeing that Longyuan Village's strength has been thriving, Qiyue is also extremely gratified.

And she naturally gets the most benefits by staying by Qin Feng's side.