Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Qiyue left, Qin Feng opened the village chief operation interface, selected the novice wooden house, and pressed a button to upgrade.

Thinking of this, he quickly opened [Create Channel] and pressed a button to upgrade...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, his wooden house in Tayue Town began to change, making a rumbling sound...

At the same time, an announcement resounded through Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng upgraded the novice cabin from level 5 to level 6...gets 1600 attribute rewards]

As soon as the news came out, the whole Longyuan Village cheered.

Qin Feng's boss's wooden house was finally upgraded successfully.

Their Longyuan Village was upgraded to level 5 **** conditions, and they completed another 0

Of course, among these people, the happiest is Elder Qishan.

He spends the most energy in this area, and naturally he cares the most...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

In a blink of an eye, he added 1600 attributes.

Qin Feng was delighted and opened the panel directly to add some points to himself.

In a blink of an eye, after 1600 attributes were added, his combat power was once again raised to 1219 stars, which was a considerable increase in strength.

He had just finished doing this when Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded deep in his heart.

"Dad! Daddy! I'm at the entrance to Sunshine Canyon."

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Okay! It's time for me to go out!"

At the same time, near the entrance of a canyon.

Xiao Huoluan fell from the sky.

As soon as it fell to the ground, it opened its mouth and spit out a white spot of light.

That is exactly the space node of zero-dimensional space.

Ordinary fire luan spirit beasts only possess fire talent.

It is extremely rare to have both fire talent and space talent like Xiao Luan'er.

Swish~!

As soon as the space node appeared, a dazzling white light lit up.

Immediately afterwards, the space node disappeared, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"Dad! Daddy!"

As soon as Xiao Huoluan saw Qin Feng appear, he shrank his body to about the size of a foot, and jumped on Qin Feng's shoulder, happily coquettish.

"Little guy, I have more than 20 second-order spirit 1.5 pills here, you can eat them!"

Qin Feng smiled and took out a jade bottle, which contained more than twenty second-order elixir.

Those are the elixir that Qin Feng has refined, and it is useless for him to refine it, so he will naturally leave it to Xiao Luan'er.

This little guy is his pet, and when one man and one pet join forces, his strength is also extremely powerful.

"Wow! Tier 2 elixir! Dad, you are so kind!"

Xiao Luan'er happily picked up the jade bottle.

"Little guy, you advanced to zero-dimensional space to refine medicine pills!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took the little guy into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he looked up at the entrance of the canyon ahead, ready to act.

But at this moment, there was a rapid burst of air behind him.

Qin Feng was startled, he quickly followed the sound and saw a man in black robes coming in his direction

Chapter 253 Death Forbidden Land, Sunlight Canyon!

Boom~Long~Long!

The black-robed man was extremely fast, and during the flight, the energy of the heavens and the earth was shaken.

It is an earth-level powerhouse!

See the momentum has reached the sixth heaven.

In other words, this place is very close to the stronghold of the Cangtu Ministry.

Could this guy be from the Cang clan?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

"Hey! Where's that Huo Luan?"

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the visitor couldn't help but murmured.

The voice of the person who came was very low, but Qin Feng's hearing was very strong, and he could still hear it clearly.

He frowned involuntarily.

Obviously, the person who came was Xie Yuan who came after Xiao Luan'er.

At this time, Xie Yuan was also confused.

He clearly saw the Huo Luan flying in this direction.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After he flew close, he disappeared, only a young man was seen.

Who is this young man...?

Xie Yuan was startled and suspicious, and continued to fly towards Qin Feng.

In just a moment, the distance between the two sides narrowed, only a few hundred meters away, just looking at each other.

Qin Feng secretly activated the eye of insight and looked at Xie Yuan.

【Human】: Guardian

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower Grade Foundation)

[Level]: Level 55

[Talent]: Law of Fire (A Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 537 stars

[Origin]: A clan from the power of the guardian forces. The Chi and Cang people are both the guardian forces of the Totem Temple, and are inherently opposed to the challengers.

It turned out to be the guardian from the clan!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and there was surprise in his eyes.

The Qi and Cang tribes are the guardian forces of the Totem Temple.

Killing the clan's children can also reveal the Guardian Pass.

Right now, his pass collection progress is 18/30, 12 short of it.

09 Unexpectedly, someone came to the door at this time.

Having said that, this guy has a combat power of 537 stars and is a low-rank foundation.

After controlling the power of heaven and earth, the combat power will be more than 600 stars, and it really is the sixth level.

However, how could the children of the Qi clan appear in the realm of the Cang clan?

The two tribes will not unite, will they?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Xie Yuan also saw Qin Feng's information.

what!

be a challenger!

Boom~!

Fierce Yuan's tiger body shook violently, and his eyes showed ecstasy.

Ha ha!

My luck this time is really good, I actually found a challenger near the Cang Clan.

By the way, this kid has been here all the time, maybe he saw Huo Luan's whereabouts.

After I ask the whereabouts of Huo Luan, I will kill this kid.

As soon as Xie Yuan's heart moved, the ecstasy in his eyes disappeared.

The greed in his heart, let him prepare to hold back for a while.

He wants to kill this challenger and get the Huo Luan.

In just a moment, he flew to Qin Feng and fell slowly.

"Boy, have you seen a Huo Luan?"

Xie Yuan asked arrogantly.

"Huo Luan? Is that the divine bird with golden flames all over its body?"

Qin Feng asked knowingly.

Xie Yuan's eyes lit up: "That's right! It's that kind of divine bird! Where did you see it fly?"

"Flying into the canyon ahead!"

"what?!"

Xie Yuan looked up at the Sunlight Canyon in front of him.

Then, he frowned: "Boy, you are fooling yourself!"

Qin Feng was puzzled: "How do you say this?"

Xie Yuan sneered: "Everyone knows that this Sunlight Canyon is very strange. It disappears at night and only appears during the day. If you want to enter it, you must have the talent of light to enter."

"Huoluan is a fire-type spirit beast, not a light-type spirit beast. How can it get in? Boy, tell the truth, where did Huoluan go?"

Xie Yuan's tone became a little impatient, and the greed in the depths of his eyes emerged.

If it weren't for the whereabouts of Huo Luan, he would have killed this challenger long ago to see if it would be as good as in the rumors.

Of course, he still had something to say.

That is, the light powerhouses who entered the Sunlight Canyon, none of them can come out alive.

Once a light-type powerhouse at the pinnacle of the prefecture level entered, he has yet to come out of it, and he does not know whether he is dead or alive.

Because of this, the strange name of Sunlight Canyon spread among the major guardian forces.

Since then, no one has dared to break into Sunlight Canyon, and it has become a forbidden place.

Naturally, he would not tell Qin Feng about these rumored narratives.

What's more, this kid is going to die soon, it's useless to know so much!

Thinking of this, Xie Yuan stared at Qin Feng coldly.

Ha ha!

A human-level boy who is only level 22 dares to lie in front of him, he really eats the guts of a bear and a leopard.

He is a 55th-level earth-level powerhouse, and his strength has reached the sixth level. Naturally, Qin Feng will not be taken seriously.

"My friend, I saw that Huo Luan entered the valley. Maybe that Huo Luan is a dual talent of light and fire. If you don't believe it, let's go into the canyon and take a look!"

Qin Feng was nonsense.