Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"My God! Lord Edward, you have increased your progress by 150 points all of a sudden!"

"Oh! This is great! Lord Edward, you have left that Liu Xuan far behind!"

"Lord Edward, you are so great! Our No. 137 Novice Village is a sure win!"

Edward: "Oh! I will make the lighthouse country great again! Before dawn, I will be promoted to level 5, and you can wait for the glory to come!"

"Lord Edward! We look forward to your victory!"

"Oh! I'm so excited! This time, those skinny people from the Dragon Kingdom will lie on the ground and cry. Their unity looks ridiculous now!"

"My God! History has proven that they are the 'sick man'! This time, Lord Edward will prove it again: they are the sick man!"

At this moment, No. 137 Novice Village is completely boiling!

The lighthouse people cheered.

There are many people who are mocking the people of the Dragon Kingdom.

Qin Feng looked very angry and sneered in his heart.

snort!

Want to get to level 5 before dawn?

You can't wait for dawn!

Soon you won't be able to laugh anymore!

Qin Feng sneered and left the chat channel.

Afterwards, he hurriedly cleaned the battlefield, then got into the jungle and continued to look for the beast.

He wants to upgrade to level 5 as soon as possible, and he wants to give Edward and No. 137 Novice Village a loud slap in the face!

Dark as ink.

A waning moon hangs in the sky.

Qin Feng's figure shuttles through the jungle like a lonely king.

The jungle at night is cold and wet.

There are various smells in the air.

Soon, he smelled a fishy smell from those mixed smells.

That is the smell of beasts!

Qin Feng was delighted and hurriedly followed the smell.

He has a talent for enhancing his sense of smell, and his sense of smell is ten times that of ordinary people.

This gives him a very strong tracking ability.

Even if Liu Xuan has dozens of 2nd and 3rd level powerhouses to help him, his efficiency in finding beasts may not be comparable to his.

A few minutes later, in a mountain stream, Qin Feng saw a colorful giant tiger.

After scanning with the Eye of True Sight, he knew that it was a level 6 beast—the blue-eyed giant tiger!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and hurriedly killed the giant tiger...

roar~!

The giant tiger was startled, looked up, and saw a 4th-level human being killed.

It roared disdainfully, jumped over the mountain stream, and rushed towards Qin Feng...

One person and one tiger kill each other like this!

...

At the same moment, the chat channel on 911 was already noisy.

"My God! Edward's progress is already level 4 (520/1200), and he said he can reach level 5 before dawn!"

"Fuck~! Rise to level 5 before dawn? It's too fast! Mr. Liu Xuan, can you upgrade to level 5 before dawn?"

"Yes! Boss Liu Xuan, can you upgrade before dawn?"

Everyone asked and was extremely concerned.

After a long while, Liu Xuan came out to speak.

Liu Xuan: "This... With my current progress, if I want to reach level 5, I can't do it before dawn. It will be tomorrow afternoon at the earliest!"

When these words came out, everyone was in an uproar.

"Oh! It's over!"

"Wait until tomorrow afternoon, it will be cold already!"

"Woo~! Woo! It looks like we're going to lose! I don't want to lose! I don't want to be deducted 20 attributes!"

"Hey! Those lowly servants of the Lighthouse Country! Just now they were still laughing at our Dragon Country people for being sick men. This time, they will laugh at them!"

"Fuck him! Those idiots in the Lighthouse Country! I'm so **** off!"

At this moment, everyone was angry and helpless.

Wu Yong: "Don't be pessimistic! Maybe Edward is bragging! We won't give up until the last moment! Let's keep working hard!"

"That's right! Let's keep working hard! We won't give up until the last minute!"

The crowd responded.

But at this moment, an untimely voice came out.

Liu Yuan: "Forget it! Even if Edward is bragging, he won't reach level 5 before dawn, and he will be able to reach level 5 tomorrow morning. We're sure to lose! I quit! I'm selling barbecue! If you need barbecue, please contact me immediately. !"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, it's fine if you don't help. Is it appropriate to sell barbecue at this time?"

Liu Yuan: "Wu Yong! This time, Liu didn't do anything? In order to help Liu Xuan to find the beast, I broke my leg. I saw that there was no hope, so I thought of selling barbecue. Besides, there are more than just barbecues. I am one, Qin Feng is also selling barbecue!"

Wu Yong: "Qin Feng is not like you, he only sells barbecues silently, and he will not sing everyone down at this critical moment!"

Liu Yuan: "I didn't sing badly, I didn't do it because I saw no hope. Oh, isn't Qin Feng also a level 3 boss? This time, all of us at level 3 went to help and didn't watch it. When it comes to Qin Feng's figure, why did he go?"

With this reminder, everyone thought of Qin Feng.

"Yes! I didn't see Qin Feng either!"

"That guy seems to be missing!"

"For such a big bet on resources, almost every third-level boss has spoken on the channel, but I haven't seen him speak!"

"Yes! Why did you say he went?"

As soon as these words came out, a red announcement message appeared above the chat channel, which was very eye-catching.

[Announcement: Novice Village No. 911, Qin Feng, a newbie, is the first to rise to level 5, and Novice Village No. 911 wins this resource bet! 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, everyone was shocked.

Fuck it~!

Qin Feng has risen to level 5!

This is too sudden!

[Announcement: Congratulations to all members of No. 911 Novice Village, who have received 20 free attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to No. 911 Novice Village, you will get double resource rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Lead the novice village 911 to win the bet and gain 3 reputation! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! In addition, get 50 attribute bonuses! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Plus get a silver chest reward! 】

Chapter 31 Strength skyrockets, Tier 4 items!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, at No. 911 Novice Village, the sky shook.

One after another white beams of light fell on everyone.

Everyone's attribute points began to rise, and in a blink of an eye, they increased by 20 free attribute points.

At the same time, the level 6 vicious beast area.

Qin Feng stood beside the mountain stream.

At his feet lay the corpse of the blue-eyed giant tiger.

A white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head, causing him to gain 20 free attributes in a blink of an eye.

Then, a second thicker white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the blink of an eye, he gained another 50 free attributes.

Immediately afterwards, a third beam of light was projected.

A silver treasure chest slowly fell along the beam of light.

The treasure chest is here!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and quickly caught the treasure chest...

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, the earth trembled.

The entire novice area began to shake violently.

Immediately afterwards, the earth cracked and the stream stopped flowing.

A mountain range rises from the ground.

Small rivers appear out of thin air.

Various minerals, forest trees, exotic flowers, exotic grasses, and spiritual fruits have appeared in multiples.

Even the number of beasts is multiplying.

Ferocious beasts are also a resource.

In this way, all the resources of No. 911 Novice Village have been doubled!

At this moment, the chat channel was extremely jubilant.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Haha! 20 stats! I got 20 stats!"

"Haha! I have gone up too! I have gone up too!"

"My God! A big mountain suddenly appeared in front of me, rising out of thin air!"

"Oh my god! I was killing the blood-toothed rabbit, and another one suddenly appeared next to me. Now two blood-toothed rabbits are chasing me! Woohoo!"

"Haha! Resources! Those are resources! The resources in our No. 911 novice area have doubled!"

"Cool! It's so cool!"

"Win! Win! We win!"

"Haha! Qin Feng! Qin Feng! All of this was brought to us by Qin Feng!"

"Boss Qin Feng! I love you!"

"Woooo~! I'm so excited! Brother Qin Feng, my little sister wants to give birth to monkeys for you!"

"Boss Qin Feng, where are you? I want to hang out with you!"

"Boss Qin Feng! Come out and take a bubble! I'm going to find you too!"

"Ah~! Excited! So excited! Boss Qin Feng! You are electricity! You are light! You are the only myth! I only love you..."

At this moment, the entire chat channel completely exploded...

At the same time, the No. 137 novice area channel also made announcements.