Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He wanted to fool Xie Yuan into it and kill him.

In his opinion, the killing in the valley will be more secretive,

After all, it's too close to the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, so it's inconvenient to make too much noise.

Hearing this, Xie Yuan's expression changed slightly.

He dared not enter Sunlight Canyon.

Even if he was given a hundred courage, he would not dare to enter.

What's more, he doesn't have a talent for light, and he can't get in if he wants to.

"Jing said useless nonsense! What's the use of leaving you?!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Xie Yuan suddenly shot.

He could also see that the boy in front of him was dishonest, and he couldn't ask for anything if he wanted to.

Besides, this is the Cang clan realm.

He might as well just kill this kid and get the benefits, so as not to have too many dreams at night,

Boom~!

In just an instant, Xie Yuan's punch came to the front.

The power of that punch covered the sky and the ground, causing the fire energy of dozens of miles to roll over, and the momentum of the sky and the earth slammed into Qin Feng's face, trying to kill Qin Feng's blast into slag.

At this moment, the eyes of Xie Yuan were full of ferocious colors.

Don't talk about human-level powerhouses with this punch, even the earth-level powerhouses in Sanzhongtian have to be bombarded.

This human-level challenger, who is only level 22, is absolutely dead.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng took action.

I saw him smiling evilly, and punched him directly.

Boom~!

That punch pierced through the sky and tore apart the river of time.

In the blink of an eye, it met the punch of Xie Yuan.

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

Earthquakes shook for miles around!

Before that Xie Yuan could even let out a scream, it was blasted on the spot and turned into a fog of blood.

A powerful sixth-level powerhouse was killed like this.

Then, a white light flew from the blood mist and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +417 attributes, +3.24 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 19/30. 】

good! good!

One more pass card!

Sure enough, killing the children of the Qi clan can also get quest items.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Afterwards, he glanced at the corpse on the ground again, and went forward to extract it, and got another 40 attributes, which is a big gain.

After doing this, he put a ball of Tianyan, turned Xie Yuan's corpse into ashes, and hurriedly walked towards the Sunlight Canyon in front of him.

The punch just now was quite moving, I wonder if it disturbed the Cangtu Ministry.

In short, it is not suitable to stay here for a long time, he has to quickly enter the Sunlight Canyon...

At the same time, ten miles outside the Cangtu Department, in a dense jungle.

At this moment, Ming Xi looked at the direction of Sunlight Canyon, and frowned slightly.

Just now, there was an explosion sound, and the movement seemed to be not small.

Even though they were far apart, some movement could still be heard.

"What's going on? Why is Xie Yuan so reckless? He made such a big noise in the Cangtu Ministry, and he's not afraid of being discovered?"

Ming Xi murmured in dissatisfaction.

She thought that it was Xie Yuan who did his best to catch Huo Luan.

According to such movements, Huo Luan was probably killed by Xie Yuan.

This is a pity!

If a live bloodline spirit beast is sacrificed, the benefits will be even greater.

If it is a dead bloodline spirit beast, the benefits will be halved.

Ming Xi felt very sorry in his heart.

She didn't expect that Xie Yuan was killed by the explosion just now...

At the same time, the Blue Earth Department, inside a stone house.

Mo Lao is enjoying the tea leisurely.

He was waiting for the news from Elder Gu.

Counting the time, Gu Lao should have repaired the teleportation formation in Tayue Town soon, why is there no news? 307

How weird!

Suddenly, his expression changed slightly, and he looked up in a certain direction.

"Old Mo, what's wrong?"

A middle-aged man next to him asked quickly.

The man was introverted, and he was also an earth-level expert named Lan Xuan.

"Just now, there was a wave of energy in that direction, much like the collision of forces. Could it be that someone is fighting in that direction?"

Mo Lao wanted to look in the direction of Sunlight Canyon, and his eyes were full of doubts.

Lan Xuan hurriedly said: "Lao Mo, that direction should be the forbidden area of ​​Sunlight Canyon. Few people would go there. Maybe it was caused by the battle between two beasts."

Mo Lao pondered for a while: "Bring a few people over to have a look and see what the movement is. If the movement is caused by a beast, it is normal. If it is caused by a human, it is abnormal."

"A place where no one usually goes, suddenly there are traces of people. If it's not abnormal, it would be strange."

"Mr. Mo is right! My subordinates will go to check!"

At the moment, Lan Xuan took the order and left......

At the same moment, Qin Feng cleaned up the scene and hurried to the entrance of Sunlight Canyon.

I saw that the entire Sunshine Canyon was shrouded in thick white fog, and I couldn't see the situation inside at all.

I don't know what danger is lurking in the depths of the thick fog?

"By the way, I asked that guy to go in and have a look before, but his face turned pale. Could it be that he dare not enter this place?"

"He's a sixth-level powerhouse, so would he be afraid to enter this place? I heard from him that only people with talent in the light system can enter here. I don't know if it's true or not?"

"Anyway, it's better to be cautious!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and added all the 417 attribute points he had just obtained.

In just a moment, the addition of points was completed, and his combat power increased to 1226 stars, and his strength increased a lot.

In the face of unknown danger, he naturally has to face it in the strongest state.

After doing this, he held his breath and stepped into the thick white mist.

Chapter 254 Continuous promotion, strength rises again!

As soon as he stepped into the white fog, Qin Feng felt like he was immersed in the water, and there was a light curtain that blocked him.

In the next second, he easily penetrated the light curtain and entered the depths of the dense fog.

At this moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have a talent for the light system, and you have successfully passed through the barrier and entered the Sunshine Canyon. 】

[Reminder: Sunlight Canyon is an extremely dangerous place, so proceed with caution. 】

That guy didn't lie, he really needed light talent to enter.

interesting!

Qin Feng turned his head and looked around, only to see a white area around him, but he couldn't see anything.

He looked down at himself, his eyes were white, and he couldn't see his body.

Qin Feng was surprised!

At this moment, he was as snow blind, unable to see, and became blind.

In this unknown danger zone, without vision, the situation becomes extremely dangerous.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

Qin Feng just had that thought, and there were strong winds in all directions, and three strong winds rushed towards him.

Looking at the momentum of the strong wind, each battle strength has reached about 200 stars, which is not weak.

In the blink of an eye, three strong winds approached.

One attacked Qin Feng's left side, another attacked his right side, and another attacked his back.

None of them is a frontal attack, which shows the cunning of the other party.

And Qin Feng didn't look at anything, and didn't know what attacked him at all?

However, he has a strong sense of hearing and touch, and can hear the sound, as well as feel the flow of the surrounding fog.

Combining the two, he can determine the opponent's position extremely accurately!

"die!"

Qin Feng waved his hand...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Three wind blades blasted out!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, three explosions sounded, as if something had been bombed.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

But in the next second, the three groups seemed to recover again and continued to slaughter Qin Feng.

Huh~!FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Wind blade attack invalid?

Is it?

When Qin Feng thought about it, lightning burst out from his whole body.

Ka~ka~cha~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Three more explosions!

The violent lightning struck those three things.

Immediately afterwards, there were three shrill roars!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

It was also accompanied by three sounds of things falling.