Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

[The first kill of the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level) is successful, you get +3 reputation. 】

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

Shining Spirit?

What the **** is that?

However, the energy value and judgment value provided by these guys are extremely rich.

These guys should be able to see me, which means the environment here doesn't affect their vision.

Listening to the name of Shining Spirit, it should be related to light.

Qin Feng's mind flashed, and his mind moved.

In the next second, the depths of his pupils actually lit up with a dark color, like two pools of abyss, unfathomable.

And his vision gradually recovered, and he finally saw everything around him.

It turned out that Qin Feng guessed that his vision was affected by some kind of light skill, so he tried to use the dark talent.

Unexpectedly, it worked immediately.

Darkness versus light!

To overcome light with darkness is the right way.

What's more, his dark talent is A-level, his light talent is B-level, and darkness is stronger than light.

But he said that as soon as Qin Feng's vision recovered, he found himself standing in the thick white fog.

Those white fogs are very strange, they can swallow the light and make everything white.

Because of this, Qin Feng couldn't see anything clearly, but only saw that the sky and the ground were white, as if he was blinded by snow.

At this moment, Qin Feng used his dark talent to break the interference of the white fog and see the surrounding scene clearly.

I saw that behind him, it was not the entrance to the canyon, and he could no longer find his way out.

As if he stepped into the canyon and was teleported here.

Looking at the surrounding ground, with him as the center, there are human corpses all over.

There are thousands of them densely packed, exuding a faint corpse odor, as well as the smell of decay, the whole scene gives a gloomy and depressing atmosphere...

These human corpses were left by the intruding explorers, many of whom were prefecture-level powerhouses.

If you can find their storage ring, that's not a small gain.

After all, this is not the bottom of the water, and the storage time of items will be longer.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

However, he did not rush to look for the corpse, but looked at a corpse dozens of meters away.

Above the corpse, there was a light-shaped figure floating, and it was vaguely seen that it was an old man with white beard and white hair.

At this moment, he was looking at Qin Feng with a look of astonishment.

No way?

This human being in front of him can actually restore his vision in the light-devouring fog!

This piece of light-eating fog is their biggest reliance on the enemy. With the strange characteristics of this light-eating fog, they have killed a lot of ground-level powerhouses, at least hundreds of them.

And after those Earth-level powerhouses came in, they all lost their vision, and none of them recovered.

Why are the people in front of me all right?

Could it be that he has mastered the dark talent?

But how is this possible?

A person cannot have both the gift of darkness and the gift of light at the same time, because darkness and light are in opposition to each other.

Unless that person is the legendary judge, it is possible to master both darkness and light.

When darkness and light meet, and combined with the awakening of the soul, they will get the S-level talent - the reincarnation of light and dark.

That's the standard of the Judgment Sovereign!

The more the old man thought about it, the more surprised he became.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also looked at him.

[Evil Object]: Shining Spirit (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 40

[Combat evaluation]: 200 stars

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Light (Class B)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Characteristics]: The ghost does not disperse, guards, and is not afraid of physical attacks.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: He used to be an explorer who broke into the Sunlight Canyon. After his death, his grievances were hard to disappear. He was transformed by the light alienation into a shining spirit with the power of light, which was extremely fierce.

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng muttered.

This monster is stronger than the alienated ghost at the bottom of Tongtian Lake. It is also a spiritual body and is not afraid of physical attacks, but that's all.

To Qin Feng's relief, there are indeed bright aliens.

The purpose of his entry this time is to find the Hall of Remnants of Brightness, kill the alienation of Brightness, and obtain the Divine Seal of Brightness.

When he refines the Divine Seal of Light, then he will have the hope of obtaining an S-level talent - reincarnation.

Of course, Qin Feng doesn't know whether he can get it or not.

Or get the Divine Seal of Light first.

In addition, this quest reminds that there is an unexpected secret hidden behind the bright alienator, which has a 1% chance to trigger.

Don't know how to trigger it?

Woo~~~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, a strange call came from the depths of the white fog.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the surrounding changes suddenly occurred, and countless white mists rolled over!

Those corpses lit up with aura, and then one after another human-shaped light and shadow floated out from the corpse.

Apparently, the people behind them awakened these radiant spirits.

In just a moment, there were thousands of Shining Spirits in the field.

All the spirits shone brightly, intertwined, and the momentum was connected, which was extremely terrifying.

Woo~woo~woo~!𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

In the distance, a low voice sounded again.

All the brilliance spirits had red eyes and rushed towards Qin Feng one by one.

At this moment, under the control of the people behind the scenes, they completely lost their minds.

Qin Feng smiled charmingly, and the whole body erupted with thunderous light. Illuminated the entire foggy area...

Ka~ka~ka~cha~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the 40-level Shining Spirit (mutation level), you get +50,000 energy points and +500 judgment points. 】

………………

One after another, the shining spirits turned into blue smoke under the thunder light.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

One after another, the alienated soul stones rolled down from the blue smoke.

Immediately afterwards, one after another, white light of energy poured into Qin Feng's body.

At this moment, his energy value and judgment value soared.

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Especially that judgment value is not easy to come by.

Today's big harvest makes him feel very happy.

Having said that, killing these radiant powers with the power of lightning is more effective than the power of darkness.

After all, thunder and lightning are the most masculine power and the nemesis of all evil things.

In particular, his strength has greatly increased now, and the attack range of controlling thunder and lightning is extremely large.

At this moment, all the places within a radius of several kilometers turned into thunder pools, and countless thunder and lightning snakes wandered in the field.

And those radiant spirits were completely vulnerable under his thunder and lightning.

As long as it is hit by lightning a little, it will turn into blue smoke, leaving an alienated soul stone...

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

One after another, the radiant spirits were smashed into blue smoke.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

One after another, white light of energy poured into Qin Feng's body.

In less than three minutes before and after, thousands of radiant spirits were all killed, leaving an alienated soul stone on the ground...

This efficiency is dozens of times faster than the last time at the bottom of the lake.

When the last Spirit of Glory was eliminated, Qin Feng also lit up with an upgraded white light...

[You have been promoted to level 12 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

…

[You have been promoted to a level 13 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

Upgrade white light, light up again and again!

Qin Feng roared in his body, and his momentum skyrocketed.

In a blink of an eye, his combat power increased to 1232 stars.

good! good!