Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

So many are wiped out so easily!

The vocation has also been promoted 2 levels in a row!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Afterwards, he glanced at the soul stones all over the ground and began to clear the battlefield...

roar~!

But at this moment, a roar came from the depths of the white fog, and the entire sea of ​​fog was tumbling and shaking the factory.

Obviously, the other party did not expect that Qin Feng could kill the Yaoling army so quickly...

Qin Feng didn't bother to pay attention to it and started to collect loot directly.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: When night falls, Sunlight Canyon will be completely sealed. When dawn comes, Sunlight Canyon reopens to the public. You need to find your way out before it gets dark or you'll be stuck here forever and won't be able to leave. 】

Qin Feng was taken aback.

There is such a rule!

Calculate the time, there are only three hours left, and it will be dark.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart, and quickly began to clean up the battlefield

Chapter 255 The hidden secrets behind the light!

Calculate the time, there are only three hours left, and it will be dark.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart, and quickly began to clean up the battlefield...

At the same time, the villagers of Longyuan Village were busy finishing the novice assessment period.

Only three hours left before dark.

When night falls, the last 'village chief mission' will begin.

And after the last village chief mission is over, in another hour, the novice assessment will officially end, and all novice villages will also receive a heavenly punishment assessment!

So, there is not much time left for all the newcomers.

now. There are more than 500 people in Longyuan Village stuck at level 9.

At this point, these people are all sprinting towards level 10!

Qishan, Liu Xuan and others did their best to help them.

As for other villages in District 1, the scene has been completely chaotic.

On this last day, there are still many people who are only level 6, level 7, level 8.

These people are absolutely hopeless!

Even level 9s are at risk.

Because of this, the major novice villages wailed, some committed suicide, some rioted, and even more abused each other.

Even in Yuelong Village and Zhanxiong Village, where villages were established, many people fell into pessimism and despair.

At the last moment of life, all kinds of human ugliness begins to show.

In short, the atmosphere of other villages is completely different from that of Longyuan Village.

Pessimism, helplessness, despair, and riots fill every novice village.

Not only District 1, but the situation in other districts is similar.

The atmosphere in Longyuan Village is completely different, and everyone is full of expectations for the future.

Those level 9s are all sprinting to level 10, and many villagers are helping them.

There are also a large number of villagers who are working hard to upgrade to level 5 villages.

In short, the Dao is ruthless, and everyone has their destiny!

This world killing the world is a competition of survival of the fittest.

At the same time as 920, the stronghold of the Cangtu Ministry, inside the stone house.

Mo Lao was pacing back and forth with his hands on his back, and there was a hint of anxiety in his eyebrows.

At this moment, the light and shadow at the door dimmed, and a young man walked in quickly.

"My subordinates have seen Mo Lao!"

As soon as the young man entered the door, he respectfully saluted Mo Lao.

"Yeah!" Mo Lao looked at the person and nodded slightly.

"Lao Mo, the patriarch asked his subordinates to ask you, why haven't you gone to Tayue Town?"

The young man asked again respectfully.

"Hey!"

Mo Lao looked at the teleportation array outside the house and sighed helplessly.

"The teleportation formation on Old Gu's side has not been repaired for a long time. Naturally, the old man's army has no way to set off."

"Actually, the old man also wants to contact the old man, but you also know that the communication jade talisman has a distance limit, thousands of miles away, there is no communication, so the old man does not know the situation on the old man's side, what's the matter?"

The young man sighed: "Hey! This is indeed a troublesome thing. This is the limit of Heaven's Way to our guardians."

"My subordinates have heard that the challenger has various chat channels, voice channels, and is not limited by distance. It is enviable to think about it."

Mo Lao also said with a look of envy: "Yes! It is indeed enviable to have such a magical communication method. However, I am the one who guards the strength, and we have a strong advantage innately, and the way of heaven will naturally weaken in some respects. us."

"However, when we kill enough challengers and earn enough points. I can also replace those challenger forces and participate in the battle for hegemony in the world. That opportunity will be incredible."

Hearing the words, the young man's eyes lit up and he was very excited.

The benefits of being able to win the battle for hegemony in the world are simply unimaginable.

Even the gods and demons of the gods want to join in and get a piece of the pie.

However, in the struggle for hegemony in the world, the winners are only the top 100 forces.

This force is not based on a big world, but a village.

In one big world, there are hundreds of thousands of villages participating in the hegemony, or even more than one million.

And there are 10,000 big worlds participating in the war, and the cumulative index is more than 10 billion villages, and the scale is extremely large.

"Forget it, don't talk about these distant things. Yuanle, you go back and talk to the patriarch. If the old man's teleportation formation has not been completed, the old man will take the army to the Tongtian Lake area tomorrow morning."

"Tomorrow is the challenger's day of punishment assessment period! When they pass the assessment, the various space seals in the novice village will disappear confidently. Those guys will definitely be unable to hold back and run out to check."

Yuan Le hurriedly said: "My subordinates know it! I'll reply to the patriarch now!"

At the moment, Yuan Le hastily retire...

Mo Lao looked at the sky, worried.

I don't know what Old Gu is doing?

At this moment, the sun is on the west side of the mountain, and in two or three hours, it will be dark.

If they don't repair the teleportation array, they will lose the best chance to attack.

After all, even if he leaves tomorrow, he will not be able to reach the Tongtian Lake area until the day after tomorrow, and he will also miss the Heavenly Punishment Assessment.

Mo Lao shook his head slightly, but there was nothing he could do.

To this day, he hadn't expected that Old Gu and the others would be wiped out long ago.

Even, he didn't think about it at all.

In his opinion, when Elder Gu and the others went to Tongtian Lake, there was only the issue of the size of the harvest, and there was no fear of defeat at all...

At the same time, Sunlight Canyon, deep in the white fog.

Qin Feng has already cleaned up the battlefield, and his face can't hide his joy.

Great harvest this time!

Light Alienation Soul Stone, he harvested a thousand or so.

Having said that, he still hasn't figured out, what is the use of this alienation soul stone?

However, this thing is a fourth-order resource, and it will definitely not be bad.

Even if you donate it, one piece can be exchanged for hundreds of contribution points.

Of course, Qin Feng can't donate it.

Keep this thing, maybe it will be of great use in the future.

In addition to the alienated soul stone, he also found hundreds of storage rings and dozens of rotten equipment from the thousands of corpses.

In those storage rings, there are all equipment resources, and it is a big income.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this harvest.

After dealing with the scene, he hurried over in the direction of the previous roar...

It took him more than 20 minutes to clean up the battlefield just now, leaving him running out of time.

He must speed up the mission!

But don't really wait until it's dark, he is permanently sealed in this space, and he can't get out forever, then he will be finished.

In this way, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the depths of the thick fog.

Along the way, he saw many corpses again.

It's just that the further you go inside, the fewer corpses there are.

Obviously, the number of explorers who have the ability to go to the depths is gradually decreasing.

Qin Feng naturally just let the corpses go, walked all the way, searched all the way, and got a lot of gains.

Unconsciously, he walked for a quarter of an hour.

At this moment, he saw a huge black shadow, standing in the depths of the thick fog ahead, with a height of 10,000 feet.

When he took a closer look, there was surprise in his eyes.

It's a temple!

It was a dilapidated temple, as high as ten thousand feet, connecting the sky and the ground.

The previous roar came from the temple.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"This should be the Guangming Remnant Hall, and the bright alienation should be inside."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

After finding the Hall of Remnants of Light, he will be able to find the Alienator of Light.

As long as he kills the light alienation person, it is equivalent to completing this light purification task, and can get the light seal that he dreams of.

Counting the time, he still has two and a half hours left, and he must speed up.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the temple...

At the same time, deep in the temple, in a secret room.

A mysterious white-robed woman is sitting cross-legged.

At this moment, she closed her eyes slightly, and her whole body was bathed in holy light, which made her extremely holy.

Coupled with her extremely delicate facial features and snow-white skin, she is more like a god, and her temperament is extraordinary.

"Well...he's getting close!"

The white-robed woman slowly opened her eyes and looked up in a direction outside the hall.

That's where Qin Feng came from.

She sensed that Qin Feng was walking towards the temple.

It seemed that she had to fight it herself!

The woman got up slowly, the loose white robe still couldn't hide the exquisite curve.