Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Every move has an air of nobility.

This woman is the bright alienator Qin Feng is looking for.

"Weird! Strange! Light and darkness cannot coexist, and someone who comes here can master light and darkness at the same time. Could it be that he is also a judge?"

Thinking of this possibility, the woman's color changed slightly.

At this moment, a monstrous aura descended silently from the sky, covering the entire secret room.

Startled, the woman raised her head quickly and looked up into the air in surprise and joy.

"Master, are you awake?"

"Um!"

Above the sky, a majestic and ethereal voice echoed,

The woman rejoiced: "Great! This subordinate has been guarding for a hundred years, and finally waited for the master to wake up again."

In the air, the voice echoed.

"The deity sensed the breath of a judge. It was his breath that woke me up! You go and introduce that person into the main hall, and the deity will deal with him personally!"

The woman was surprised: "Yes, master!"

She is worried, how to deal with Qin Feng!

Because she sensed that Qin Feng's strength is extremely powerful, I'm afraid she can't deal with it.

Now that the master is awake, it is not a problem to deal with that person.

Even if that person is a top-level powerhouse, the master can handle it.

Immediately, the woman walked out of the secret room and led the way.

Chapter 256 Kill all the way, harvest all the way!

At the same moment, Qin Feng had already arrived at the gate of the temple.

As soon as his mind moved, a white light flew out of his body and fell into his hands, turning into a long sword with a black handle and a white blade, with an extraordinary breath.

This is exactly the shocking dragon blade he got not long ago!

A sixth-order weapon!

The sixth-order equipment can be recognized as the master. As long as the mind moves, it will emerge, which is more convenient to operate than ordinary weapons.

After summoning the Jinglong Blade, Qin Feng released the Spirit of Gold and merged into the long blade.

Suddenly, the momentum of Jinglong Blade soared, reaching the peak level of the sixth-order weapon, and it was not far from the level of the seventh-order weapon.

That is because the additional effect of the Golden Spirit is limited, and it is not possible to promote the sixth-order weapon to the seventh-order.

After all, there is a huge gap between sixth-order and seventh-order weapons.

Of course, the Golden Spirit can evolve and grow.

As long as Qin Feng finds a way, it can be bred to be more powerful, and the additional effect on the weapon will also be greatly increased.

These are all later stories.

In a word, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with the Jinglong Blade in his opponent, which is more than double the strength of the previous Dark Night Blade.

Today, the dangers within the temple are unknown.

He naturally had to be more cautious, holding the weapon in his hand first.

After making these preparations, Qin Feng stepped into the hall in one step.

After entering, he found that he had entered a huge corridor.

On both sides of the corridor are white jade walls, which are as high as 100 zhang, and are carved with various winged monsters and humans with white wings.

Whether it is a monster or a human, the expression is noble and solemn.

The whole corridor gives people a sacred mood!

The only pity is that the walls are mottled, many pictures and texts have been broken, leaving traces of the years.

At this moment, Qin Feng stood in the corridor, looking up at the wall as high as 100 feet, and sighed in his heart.

This temple is really magnificent!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: You have entered the Bright Remnant Hall, please enter the depths of the temple, find the Bright Alienator, kill them, and complete the Bright Purification mission. 】

[Task reminder: After the task is completed, you will get rich rewards! 】

That's right!

This is the Hall of Remnants of Light!

Qin Feng was excited, and quickly stepped into the depths of the corridor.

His time is running out, and he must find the bright alienator as soon as possible.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

In the empty corridor, Qin Feng's footsteps echoed.

Before long, he was attracted by two things.

I saw a hundred meters away, on both sides of the corridor, there was a gray-white statue.

The two statues are giant beasts with a length of ten feet, like a lion and a tiger, with a single horn on the head and two wings on the back.

Seeing these two statues, Qin Feng couldn't help but glance at the wall.

The mural on the wall has a beast with two wings on its back, so it should be a statue.

Qin Feng didn't linger and continued to move forward.

But just as he passed by the two statues, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that the surfaces of the two statues automatically cracked, and countless fine cracks appeared...

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the next second, the gray-white skin of the statue shattered one after another, and two lively beasts appeared...

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the eye of insight scanned it away.

[Evil Spirit]: Flying Bright Beast (King Class)

[Level]: Level 45

[Boundary]: Low-grade foundation building

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 400 stars

[Characteristics]: Guardian, seeing death as home.

[Talent]: Profound Truth of Light (Class B), True Meaning of Earth (Class C)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Status]: Controlled

roar~! roar~!

The two beasts roared and rushed towards Qin Feng at the same time.

Swish~!

An arc-shaped knife light lit up in the corridor!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two bursts in a row!

With just one knife, the two beasts were simultaneously smashed and turned into two piles of rubble.

Then, two white lights flew from the gravel and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 45 flying light beast (king level), you will get +500,000 energy points and +5000 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 45 flying light beast (king level), you will get +500,000 energy points and +5000 judgment points. 】

[Killing the 45-level flying light beast (king level) successfully, a golden treasure box burst out. 】

[The first kill of the 45-level flying light beast (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation. 】

good! good!

These two earth-level king beasts not only provided a lot of energy value and judgment value, but also exploded a golden treasure chest.

Qin Feng happily stepped forward and put away the golden treasure chest.

So far, he has two dark treasure chests and six golden treasure chests in his hands.

After putting away the treasure chest, he tried to extract two piles of gravel and found that the extraction was ineffective.

At the moment, he ignored the gravel and continued to walk towards the end of the corridor.

Near the end of the corridor, he saw two more human statues with feathered wings on their backs.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Only then did they approach, the two statues were resurrected and turned into two human beings with white wings on their backs.

One holds a long sword and the other holds a long bow.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng said nothing, raised his hand and slashed the two humans.

Bang~! Bang~!

The two humans didn't react at all and turned into a pile of rubble.

Immediately afterwards, two white lights flew from the gravel and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 48 Bright Holy Spirit (king level), you get +600,000 energy points and +6000 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 48 Bright Holy Spirit (king level), you get +600,000 energy points and +6000 judgment points. 】

[The first kill of the 48-level Bright Holy Spirit (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation. 】

It turned out that the humanoid monster was called the Holy Spirit of Light.

This time, there was no golden treasure chest, but after the death of the two bright holy spirits, two fourth-order weapons were left behind.

Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction and continued to move forward.

Soon, he reached the end of the corridor and entered a magnificent hall.

As soon as he entered the hall, he saw a woman in a white robe, bathed in holy light, standing there quietly, showing nobility and holiness in her gestures.

This woman is...?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he activated the eye of insight.

[Evil Spirit]: Bright Alienator (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 50

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 600 stars

[Characteristics]: Control, evil.

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Talent]: The Law of Light (A-level), Six Consciousness Awakening (A-level)

[Origin]: He used to be a light messenger under the Judgment Lord. Due to special reasons, his mind was alienated and became extremely evil.

00

[Origin]: She killed all foreign explorers, took their blood, and turned their souls into shining spirits.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

It turned out that this woman was a bright alien.