Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After reading the information, he still had a doubt.

Why did this woman kill those explorers and take their blood?

Could it be that there is something hidden here?

"Waiting for you for a long time!"

At this moment, the woman also looked at Qin Feng.

She looked arrogant, and there was disdain and contempt in her golden pupils.

Naturally, she would not give a good face to a dying person.

Because her master has awakened.

With her master's action, this human being will surely die!

Huh? !

This is

But in the next second, a look of astonishment appeared in the woman's eyes.

Level 22, human-level realm!

isn't it?

The woman looked at Qin Feng in surprise.

It was not until this moment that she could see Qin Feng's realm.

Suddenly, suspicions arose in her heart.

0

Did you make a mistake before?

She saw that this human being was unimpeded all the way, at least with the strength of the Eighth Heaven.

And she exerted her full power to control the power of heaven and earth, and she only reached the threshold of the eighth heaven.

Such a judgment made her jealous of Qin Feng.

But the current situation made her start to doubt herself again.

She couldn't believe that a human at the human level could actually exert the combat power of the Eighth Heaven.

It seems that he must have made a mistake in his judgment!

The woman muttered in her heart.

In fact, she has always underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Qin Feng's combat power is 1232 stars, which is the real peak strength of the prefecture level.

But he said that after Qin Feng discovered the identity of the woman, he did not act immediately, but aimed behind the woman.

Behind the woman, there are thirteen statues, eight bright beasts, five bright holy spirits...Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

At this moment, the woman said coldly, "Human, come with me!"

The tone was arrogant, as if Qin Feng had to obey her orders.

She wants to bring this human to see the master.

For some special reasons, the owner could not come out.

Qin Feng frowned, feeling that there was something wrong with this woman.

Why did he listen to her?

"What if I don't go?"

"I can't help you!"

Seeing that Qin Feng was only at the human level, the woman's prudence was relieved a lot.

In her opinion, Qin Feng was able to break into this place smoothly because of his special status as a judge, and his real strength should not have reached the Eighth Heaven.

If that's the case, then she doesn't need to be vain and arrogant.

She can capture this human without the master's action.

She also knew that the master wanted to see this human being for the blood and body of this human being.

Since the human is unwilling to go, she will bring the human body over there.

"Go!"

The woman gave an order, and the statues behind her immediately changed.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw that the skins of those statues were cracked!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Eight bright beasts appeared!

The five holy spirits of light also appeared!

As soon as these thirteen evil spirits appeared, their aura became one piece.

Chapter 257 The quest is changed, and the reward is tripled!

As soon as these thirteen evil spirits appeared, their aura became one piece, covering the sky and the earth, filling the entire hall.

roar~!

In the next second, they rushed towards Qin Feng together, and the aura that penetrated the sky and the ground rolled towards Qin Feng.

The strength of the light beast is equivalent to the fifth heaven.

The strength of the Holy Spirit of Light is equivalent to the sixth heaven.

This is equivalent to eight fifth-level and five sixth-level powerhouses, working together to kill Qin Feng.

Boom~!

At this moment, the woman also shot,

She slammed into Qin Feng with all her strength, and the terrifying aura of the Eighth Heavenly Heaven was instantly dissipated, and it was connected with the aura of the thirteen evil spirits, and its power destroyed the heavens and the earth.

Boom~Long~Long!

The space shakes violently!

The combined strike of these fourteen attacks is comparable to Jiuzhongtian's full-strength strike, and its power is extremely terrifying.

Even if this Qin Feng really has the strength of the Eighth Heaven, he will not be able to withstand their joint blow, and he will be hit hard.

At this moment, the woman's eyes were full of pride.

"roll!"

At this moment, Qin Feng shot.

Swish~!

Shocking dragon blade splits out!

Thousands of swords!

Sweep the whole hall!

Open the sky!

He faced the fourteen attacks with one knife!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of shocking explosions!

Among the thirteen evil spirits, the weaker beasts of light were all smashed and exploded, turning into piles of rubble and scattered across the audience.

The five Holy Spirits of Light were directly smashed and flew out!

Even the woman was hacked to the point of vomiting blood and flew out.

That knife is very domineering!

Invincible, domineering on the spot!

Bang~!

The woman fell heavily to the ground and couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of blood.

At this moment, she was extremely horrified.

A person-level realm can actually burst into the strength of the pinnacle of the earth-level.

If she hadn't experienced it herself, she would never have imagined it.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, one after another, white light flew out from the gravel and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Successfully kills the level 45 flying light beast (king level), you will get +500,000 energy points and +5000 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 45 flying light beast (king level), you will get +500,000 energy points and +5000 judgment points. 】

[Killing the 45-level flying light beast (king level) successfully, a golden treasure box burst out. 】

Suddenly, Qin Feng's energy value and judgment value soared, and three golden treasure chests exploded...

He is in a good mood!

Then, he dodged again and rushed towards the woman.

That woman is a bright alien.

As long as he kills it, he will complete this mission.

When the woman saw Qin Feng coming, she was so frightened that she turned over and got up, and ran to the inner hall, exclaiming loudly at the same time. ,

"Stop him now!"

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately, the five injured Holy Spirits of Light climbed up and rushed towards Qin Feng one by one.

Their minds are completely controlled by women.

At this moment, in order to escape, the woman used them as cannon fodder.

Swish~!

Qin Feng chased behind the woman in an instant and slashed down.

Heaven-piercing sword qi, slashing the sky and destroying the earth!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But at this moment, five chasing Holy Spirits desperately blocked the sword.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

With just one knife, Qin Feng smashed them continuously, and Yu Wei continued to slash at the woman's back.

Om~!

But at this moment, the woman's whole body lit up with spiritual light, and a sacred white spiritual shield flew out of her body, facing the Jinglong Blade.

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

The next second, the woman was slashed and flew out together with her shield.

Wow~!

She vomited blood and was miserable.

"Hey! It's actually blocked!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.