Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After dealing with those trivial matters, Qin Feng stepped forward and began to extract the woman's body...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired an A-level talent - the Law of Light! 】

[Your bright talent is automatically promoted from B level to A level! 】

good! good!

Bright talent has finally been promoted to A-level.

In this way, among the nine-element talents, he only had the gold-type talents that had not yet reached A rank.

This is another big step forward in condensing SSS-level chaos talent.

Of course, to condense chaotic talent, you also need to master time talent and space talent.

On these two points, he has no clue.

In short, the promotion of Guangming talent to A-level makes Qin Feng very happy.

Afterwards, he continued to extract and got another 20 energy attributes.

After dealing with these trivial matters, he hurriedly walked to the inner hall.

Calculate the time, and it will be dark in an hour and a half.

He had to solve one last problem before dark.

Otherwise, he may be sealed in this area and can't get out forever.

Of course, this is just Qin Feng's guess, but who is sure that this unknown dangerous area does not exist beyond his estimation.

He can't be blindly confident!

At the moment, Qin Feng stepped up to the inner hall...

After a quarter of an hour, he walked to the deepest part of the temple and saw a huge blood pool.

The blood pool is surrounded by complex divine patterns, emitting a faint aura.

The light energy between heaven and earth poured into the blood pool all the time.

Looking at the pool again, there is thick blood and water, and nothing can be seen.

"This blood..."

Qin Feng walked to the blood pool silently, smelled the strong smell of blood, and at the same time felt inexplicably heart palpitations and depression.

The previous roar seemed to come from this blood pool.

It seems that the target he is looking for is hidden in this blood pool.

Having said that, the blood in this blood pool should be collected by the light alienation from those explorers.

What is she going to do when she collects so much blood?

Don't think about it anymore, he first broke the protective cover of the blood pool, and then found the guy in the blood pool.

After all, it was getting dark, and there was not much time left for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked above the blood pond, where there was a golden protective mask that was protecting the entire blood pond.

Just when he was about to make a move, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Boom~Long~Long!

I saw the center of the blood pool, suddenly the blood rolled, and the momentum was fierce.

Immediately afterwards, a huge altar rose from the ground of the blood pool.

And on the altar, there was a mummified corpse, exuding a strong sense of death.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he wanted to detect its details.

But at this time, the mutation regenerated.

Wow~ la~ la!

I saw that in the pool, the blood suddenly rioted and poured into the body of the mummy.

In the next second, the body of the mummy absorbed the blood at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Its dry skin is gradually bulging, and its momentum is also rising in waves.

In the blink of an eye, the blood in the full pool was completely absorbed by it, and the mummified corpse had undergone tremendous changes, and it could no longer be called a mummified corpse.

Its originally dark brown skin has become fair and smooth, and the entire person's combat power has reached more than 1300 stars, filling the entire hall.

Such combat power is even higher than Qin Feng, the absolute peak of the prefecture level.

Just when Qin Feng was surprised, the mummy slowly got up and stood in the air, revealing his true appearance.

This is a fair-skinned handsome man with long blond hair and a sacred and noble temperament.

At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes, revealing two strange pupils.

One is silver-white, fluctuating the power of the law of light.

A color like black jade, fluctuating the power of the dark law.

This person actually controls the power of darkness and light at the same time.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also understood his roots.

[Evil Spirit]: Evil Inquisitor (Imperial Level)

[Level]: Level 52

[Occupation]: Level 20 (Judge)

[Boundary]: Earth level (high-grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 1300 stars

[Characteristics]: Control, evil, waiting for resurrection.

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Talent]: Law of Light (A-level), Dark Law (A-level), Six Consciousness Awakening (A-level)

After reading this, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: You have discovered the source of evil and killed it to complete this task and get rich rewards. 】

Task reminder: The target was a level 20 judge, who failed to be promoted to Judge Master, and was seriously injured by a sneak attack by a powerful enemy.

Later, in the case of serious injury, he secretly cultivated the method of undead, trying to resurrect from death, so as to truly master the S-level reincarnation talent, but the attempt failed, his mind changed greatly, he became extremely evil, and became a half-dead mummy.

The light messenger under his seat also turned evil under its influence, becoming an evil light alienation.

After listening to Tiandao's prompt, Qin Feng was a little surprised.

This guy is actually a judge, with a rank of 20, which is higher than himself.

It can be seen from this person's information that when this guy is level 20, he will be promoted to Judge Master.

Judgment Lord!

That should be a level stronger than the judge!

It's a pity that the promotion failed!

Then, under the condition of serious injury, he tried to comprehend the talent of reincarnation, but the result was even worse, turning into a half-dead mummy.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was moved and thought of a question.

That is to say, mastering the 037 light and dark seals does not necessarily mean that you will be able to master the reincarnation talent right away, and what conditions should be met.

Otherwise, this person would have been reborn long ago!

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's own guesses.

Specifically, he had to refine the Divine Seal of Light before he knew it.

At this moment, the man in the air overlooked Xiang Qin Feng.

His eyes were black and white, revealing a strange light.

After a long time, he slowly said: "Young judge, the deity is on you, and you sense Wu Lin's breath, you should kill him!"

"Wu Lin? That white-robed woman just now?"

"No~! That's Ellie, the messenger of light under the seat of the deity. Wu Lin is the messenger of darkness under the seat of the deity. However, he and I have been separated. However, the deity is on you and senses the breath of his dark divine seal. ."

Hearing this, Qin Feng suddenly realized.

It turns out that the Dark Alienator under Tongtian Lake is also this guy's subordinate.

The man's expression was unwavering.

At this time, he said lightly: "You killed the two powerful subordinates of this deity, and you deserve to die! Today, this deity will use your life to pay homage to the undead of my two major subordinates."

He still didn't say a word, that is, he needed Qin Feng's blood and even his soul.

After so many years, he absorbed the blood of countless challengers and tried to resurrect, but all failed.

Now there is a 14th-level judge who has the same vocation and soul breath as him, which makes him see the hope of resurrection.

Therefore, even if Qin Feng did not kill the dark alienation person and the light alienation person, he would kill Qin Feng.

False justice!

It's his usual disguise!

As soon as the voice fell, the man waved his hand, and the protective mask in front of him suddenly shattered inch by inch.

Chapter 259 Nine-day mad thunder, beheading trial!

As soon as the man lifted the protective mask, he suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng.

Boom~!

The world is shaking!

Vitality rolls!

As soon as he moved, the sky fell apart!

The entire temple trembled slightly!

In the blink of an eye, he slaughtered before Qin Feng.

At this moment, a golden light flew out of his body, fell into his hand, and turned into a golden long sword.

That is the sixth-order weapon - the bright holy sword!

Boom~Long~Long!

At the same moment, the vitality of heaven and earth within a radius of hundreds of miles poured into his body frantically.

His combat power has skyrocketed, and it has risen to 1600 stars in a blink of an eye.

This is definitely the powerhouse in the pinnacle of the prefecture level!

Up to now, Qin Feng has known.

The power of heaven and earth controlled by the low-level foundation building is about 100 stars.

The mid-level foundation building is about 200 stars!

The top-grade foundation building is about 300 stars!

The best foundation building is about 500 stars!

Divine Grade Foundation Establishment is more than 1,000 stars!

This guy, like Xiao Luan'er, is a high-grade foundation building, and the power of heaven and earth controlled is about 300 stars.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Swish~!

Jianmang flashed!

The holy sword of light slashed violently!

A dazzling sword light erupted!

All over the place!