Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

That sword edge carries the potential of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and it shatters every inch of space!

At this moment, the man's black and white eyes were full of hideousness and excitement.

blood~!

He wants Qin Feng's blood!

As long as he gets Qin Feng's blood, he can truly be resurrected!

He could even realize the talent of reincarnation in one fell swoop and be promoted to the Lord of Judgment!

In the blink of an eye, the dazzling sword light slashed in front of Qin Feng, and the excitement in the man's eyes became even stronger.

1,600-star full-strength sword!

This young man is absolutely unstoppable!

Clang~!

At this moment, a dragon roar resounded through the hall!

Qin Feng takes action!

Frightening the Dragon Blade to the Holy Sword of Light!

The swords collided instantly!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

The terrifying sound wave energy spreads around with the two of them at the center!

hum~~!

Wherever the sound wave went, it was like a shock wave whizzing past, the ground exploded one after another, and the gravel flew all over the sky!

It was an extremely hard black jade ground, and it couldn't bear the sonic shock from the two of them!

The next second, Qin Feng groaned and stepped back several dozen feet before he stabilized his body.

At this moment, the blood in his body was churning, and he was shocked into a little internal injury by the powerful attack.

But in the next second, a faint blue light lit up on his body.

Back to Heaven!

Instant start!

In less than half a second, the injury was fully recovered!

At the same moment, the man stood still and stood still, as if a hegemon was coming, with an extraordinary momentum.

In a face-to-face meeting just now, he had the upper hand!

However, at this moment, his expression was extremely shocked!

blocked!

This kid actually blocked his full-strength sword!

how can that be?

hiss~!

The man couldn't help taking a deep breath, his black and white eyes looked at Qin Feng, showing a trace of solemnity.

"Boy, you are not bad! You can actually block the sword of the deity! However, you must have suffered internal injuries from that sword just now. The deity should see, how many swords can you hold on?"

Boom~!

The man pounced on Qin Feng again.

The vitality of heaven and earth vibrated violently again!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, revealing an evil smile.

It seems that this family did not find out that he had already used the Heaven Recovery Technique to heal his injuries, and he had already recovered from his injuries.

In the blink of an eye, the man came close again.

Whoo~!

Sword style masterpiece!

Incredibly fierce!

Swish~!

Qin Feng also greeted him with a knife.

When~! When~! When~!

The two are now fighting!

For a time, the field was slaughtered in darkness, gold and iron mingled continuously, explosions sounded one after another, and countless gravel flew!

In a blink of an eye, the two sides had met dozens of times, and then suddenly separated.

The man looked at Qin Feng calmly.

In these dozens of face-to-face encounters, the swords of the two sides collided hundreds of times. With this accumulation, this kid must have suffered a serious internal injury.

The man thought to himself.

But the next second, he was stunned.

I saw Qin Feng holding the knife with one hand, standing proudly, with a peerless strong bearing, and he couldn't see the appearance of being internally injured.

what happened?

Obviously his combat power is stronger!

This kid is holding on to his own swords, why is there nothing at all?

"Damn!"

The man gave a low drink, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards Qin Feng again.

He didn't believe it, he couldn't take Qin Feng today.

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, he killed Qin Feng and slashed wildly with a sword, destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

Qin Feng slanted slightly, avoiding the terrifying sword, and at the same time slashing the man's chest with a slash.

This time, the man didn't dodge and let Qin Feng cut him off.

At the same time, he turned his head back and stabbed Qin Feng in the back.

puff~!

Blood shot!

Qin Feng slashed the man's chest with a knife, splitting him in half.

At the same moment, the man hit back with a sword.

When~!

That sword hit the Holy Shield of Light!

A clear cry!

Qin Feng was blown away by a sword with his shield!

The man's body also split in two and fell to the ground.

Boom~!

But in the process of falling to the ground, the two corpses turned into two blood mists, merged into a ball, and in a blink of an eye, they condensed into a human form, and took on the appearance of a man again.

That knife was ineffective!

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

If a man has this secret technique, it is not easy to kill.

At the same moment, the man looked at the Holy Shield of Light beside Qin Feng with anger in his eyes.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

It was originally his equipment!

It's just that he temporarily lent it to the bright alienator, but he didn't expect it to end up in Qin Feng's hands.

"Damn little thief!"

Boom~!

The man scolded and slaughtered Qin Feng again.

He couldn't believe he couldn't take this little thief!

Qin Feng is about to fight.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice echoed from the bottom of his heart.

"Dad! Dad! I have finished refining the medicinal herbs, and my strength has increased a lot!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Little guy, come out and fight!"

"Yeah!" The little guy responded obediently.

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng's body lit up with golden light.

The next second, Xiao Luan'er flew out of his body.

The man was taken aback!

How did this kid run out of a spirit beast?

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng pinched the psychic seal.

Om~!

Afterwards, Xiao Huoluan's whole body lit up with golden light, and his body gradually faded, and then turned into a large group of golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body.

One person and one beast unite in an instant!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye he reached a 1600-star combat power, which was similar to that of a man, and was extremely terrifying.

One thousand six hundred star combat power!

The powerhouse at the pinnacle of the prefecture level!

Comparable to the strongest among the overlords!

Boom~!

The man was shocked!

His eyes were full of disbelief.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, a pair of fiery red phoenix wings grew out of Qin Feng's back, and his whole body was also covered with red feathers, forming a set of mighty phoenix feather armor, and his whole body was even more lit with golden flames.

At this point, the psychic integration is complete!

Qin Feng is like a flame war god, standing proudly in the sky.

The man was completely dumbfounded!

Qin Feng smiled evilly: "This time it's my turn!"

huh~!

As soon as the words fell, he turned into a golden fire light and took the initiative to kill the man for the first time.

Swish~!

Thousands of zhang swords soared into the sky!

Cut the man straight!

When~!

Wow~!