Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The man was stabbed and vomited blood and flew out.

With the same combat power, how could he be Qin Feng's opponent.

The law of A-level power!

Played extremely well at this moment!

Just when Qin Feng slashed the man, he flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared strangely behind the man.

Space teleportation!

This is Xiao Luan's skill!

puff~!

A bang!

Blood splashes!

The man didn't react at all and was split in half.

Boom~!

In the next second, he turned into a cloud of blood and fled to the outside of the hall.

"Little thief! This deity will come back for revenge!"

Qin Feng sneered: "Do you think you can escape?"

"Haha! The deity is in an atomized state, not afraid of any physical attack, you can't keep me!"

Kacha~!

As soon as the voice fell, a mad thunder with a thick bowl fell down from the nine heavens.

That is Qin Feng's newly promoted fifth-order skill - Nine Heavens Crazy Thunder!

Kacha~!

The mad thunder slammed into the blood mist!

Countless electric lights circulate in the blood fog!

"Ah~!"

Painful screams echoed in the blood mist.

In the next second, the blood mist reunited, turned into a man again, and fled outside the hall...

In the atomized state, he had the worst resistance to lightning and had to recover.

It's just that after his recovery, his momentum has dropped significantly.

Obviously, the mad thunder just now did a lot of damage to him.

When he saw that the man was about to flee, Qin Feng was moved.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Light and shadow flashed on his body, and the four clones appeared at the same time.

In the next second, Qin Feng appeared in front of the man with a teleportation, and directly smashed him into a blood mist.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

The four avatars simultaneously cast Nine Heavens Crazy Thunder!

One after another incomparably violent thunder, slashed in the blood mist.

The shrill screams echoed in the blood mist!

After a while, the man re-condensed his body and was smashed by Qin Feng with a knife.

Four avatars, mad thunder!

After a while, there was an extremely shrill scream, and a coke-like corpse rolled down from the air!

Bang~!

The corpse fell to the ground!

The gravel is flying!

A dazzling white light flew from his body and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 52 evil judge (imperial level), you get +4.47 million energy points. ã€‘

[Successfully kills the level 52 evil judge (imperial level), your pet gets +760,000 energy points. ã€‘

[Successfully kills a level 52 evil judge (emperor level), you get +20 reputation. ã€‘

[Killing the 52-level evil judge (imperial level) successfully, a dark treasure chest burst out. ã€‘

[Successfully killed the 52-level evil judge (imperial level) and obtained 20,000 judgment points. ã€‘

[Killing the 52-level evil judge (imperial level) successfully, the special item - evil core (judgment) was exploded. ã€‘

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng is very happy!

In the next second, two upgraded rays of light lit up on his body.

One is Xiao Huo Luan!

One is his!

[Reminder: Your pet has been promoted to level 15! ã€‘

ã€You have been promoted to level 15 judge successfully! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 40 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 40 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 40 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 40 points! ã€‘

The next second, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed!

He is in a great mood!

This time, killing this evil judge actually made him and Xiao Huoluan level up again and again.

Even better, this guy actually exploded a hidden treasure chest!

Just when this thought came to mind, Tiandao sent a reminder to the boat.

[Task reminder: congratulations on completing the triple-level 'Light Purification' task, all rewards will be tripled! ã€‘

[Task reward: Congratulations on getting 6000 attribute rewards! ã€‘

[Task reward: Congratulations on getting three dark treasure chests! ã€‘

Om~!

The sky shakes!

A beam of light fell on Qin Feng.

In a blink of an eye, he skyrocketed by 6,000 attributes.

Immediately afterwards, a second beam of light descended from the sky.

Three dark treasure chests, slowly falling along the beam of light

Chapter 260 The Stone of Glory, a Mysterious Thing!

Qin Feng was delighted to catch the three hidden treasure chests, and he was very happy.

Then, he walked towards the body and picked up the fourth dark treasure chest.

So far, there are as many as six dark treasure chests and thirteen gold treasure chests in his hand, which can be completely synthesized into purple diamond treasure chests.

It's just that he is too busy at the moment to deal with it.

After putting away the treasure chest, Qin Feng picked up the golden long sword again.FiNd ğ’–pdğ’‚tes on n(ğ’)/vğ’†lğ’ƒğ’Šn(.)cğ’m

[Bright Holy Sword: Tier 6 equipment, attack power +470, strength +280, attack speed +100%, armor piercing +100%, wound tearing +100%, light power increase +100%, unidentified master! ã€‘

good! good!

This is indeed the sixth-order equipment of genuine value.

However, the Bright Sacred Sword is even worse than the Frightening Dragon Blade!

This long sword will be reserved for Xiao Luan'er in the future.

The dark night sword was given to Qiyue.

These two are his most reliant confidants, and naturally he will leave them with good equipment.

After putting away the Holy Sword of Light, Qin Feng picked up the third loot.

It was a fist-sized, heart-shaped, dark-red, glazed, mysterious thing with its own glow.

Qin Feng picked it up and looked at it carefully.

[Evil core (judgment): sixth-order item, mysterious thing. ã€‘

strangeness!

Mystery?

The introduction is very bleak!

However, this thing is a sixth-order item!

As long as the item reaches the sixth level or above, the value is extremely extraordinary.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and put away the evil core, maybe it will be of great use in the future.

At this 877 hour, he saw a storage piece in the man's hand again.

He took it off and looked at it again, showing joy again.

There are a lot of equipment in that storage ring, one of which is still fifth-order.

There is also a peculiar white crystal called Shining Stone.

[Brilliant Stone: Tier 5 resource, one of the essential materials needed to upgrade the level 7 wooden house. ã€‘

Seeing this information, Qin Feng was both surprised and happy.

His current wooden house is level 6, and if he upgrades it, it will be level 7.

Unexpectedly, he had obtained the resources required for the upgrade in advance before he had reached the level 7 log cabin permission.

This is not a small gain!

Looking at the shining stones in the storage ring, there are no less than a hundred stones.

That's kind of amazing!

It stands to reason that the shining stone should be a very rare resource, why does this guy have so many in his storage ring.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out another storage ring and glanced at it, and there were more than 100 shining stones in it.

This storage ring was obtained from the Light Alienator.

strangeness!

Shining stones are rare resources, why do they have so many in their hands?

However, this resource is naturally the more the better.

Qin Feng put away the two storage rings with satisfaction, and began to extract the body of the evil judge. He obtained the fifth-order skill Holy Light and 20 attributes, which is not a small gain.

After doing this, Qin Feng released the psychic fit.

Om~!