Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The golden light is on!

Xiao Luan'er appeared.

"Dad! Dad! I've leveled up!"

The little guy shrank his body and landed on Qin Feng's shoulder happily.

"Well, I found it."

Qin Feng's tone is doting.

When the psychic was combined, everything was dominated by Qin Feng's thoughts, the little guy's thoughts fell into a deep sleep, and he didn't know everything that happened during the battle.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, she found that she had upgraded, and she was naturally very excited.

Having said that, after the little guy has risen to level 15, his comprehensive combat power has reached the peak of Jiuzhongtian.

The bloodline pets of the top-grade foundation building are not ordinary.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the corpse of the Alienation Judge mutated, his skin shattered inch by inch, and a cloud of gray mist emerged.

In the blink of an eye, all the muscles of the corpse turned into gray fog and dissipated in the air, leaving only a white corpse on the ground, looking a little scary.

And as soon as the gray fog dissipated, it merged into the sky and the earth.

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the entire canyon space trembled slightly.

Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er were both surprised.

After a while, everything subsided, and Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: The Sunlight Canyon has been completely purified, the light-devouring mist in the valley has been dispelled, and all seals have disappeared. Sunlight Canyon no longer disappears when it gets dark. 】

Qin Feng was stunned.

It turned out to be completely clean!

Then again, it will be dark in an hour.

His affairs here are almost handled, it is time to rush back to Longyuan Village to prepare for the punishment assessment tomorrow morning.

"Dad! Dad! Sunlight Canyon has been cleaned up completely, and all the weird seals here are gone. Should we be able to get out of here?"

"Yes! There is only one exit here, and there is a sealing barrier at the exit. If you want to go out, you need a pass. I have a pass in my hand."

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "That's great! Dad, the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold is nearby. Let's go out and destroy them, let's grab their stronghold!"

Qin Feng shook his head: "Don't scare the snake! Now that the Cangtu Ministry is destroyed, it will definitely disturb the Cangzu headquarters, which will be detrimental to our next mission of the Totem Temple."

"Besides, tomorrow is the Heavenly Punishment Assessment. After the talent assessment, we will deal with them again."

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "Yes! I almost forgot the talent assessment, that is the most urgent thing right now!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Xiaojia, time is running out. Let's look in the temple to see if there are any treasures. After we finish searching the temple, we will return to Tayue Town!"

"Um!"

At the moment, one person and one pet act separately, searching for their treasures in the temple...

At the same time, the Cangtu Ministry stronghold, in a courtyard

Mo Lao was carrying his hands on his back, looking in the direction of Tayue Town, his brows slightly wrinkled.

It was already dusk, and the sun was close to the west mountain.

However, there was no news from Elder Gu, and the teleportation formation was never connected.

"What's going on? Why is there no news from Old Gu? It's not an accident, right?"

Mo Lao murmured in his heart, and his expression was a little anxious.

At this moment, footsteps sounded behind him.

Lan Xuan came over respectfully.

"Lao Mo, it will be dark in another hour. My subordinates just went to check, but the teleportation array is still not connected."

Old Mo sighed: "That's it! If it doesn't work, it won't work! It is estimated that the teleportation formation in Tayue Town has been severely damaged, and Old Gu has no way to repair it. That being the case, we will leave early tomorrow morning, you can arrange it!"

"Yes"

At the moment, Lan Xuan took the order and left.

He felt that Elder Mo was right. With the strength of Elder Gu's army, nothing would happen.

It should be the teleportation formation of Tayue Town, which was damaged too much, so it has not been connected for a long time.

Up to now, the people of the Cang clan still have no doubt that the old Gu army has been destroyed...

At the same time, at the entrance to Sunshine Canyon.

A mysterious man in a black robe was wandering there.

The man in black robe was slender, and the loose robe could hardly hide his delicate curves, but there was a sad look under the black veil.

She is the Ming Xi of the Qi clan!

She has been in the vicinity of the Cangtu Department, monitoring Mo Lao's army for a day, and she has not seen anything from Mo Lao and others.

However, what bothered her most at the moment was not the Cang clan, and her companion Xie Yuan had disappeared.

During this period, she used the communication talisman to contact Xie Yuan dozens of times, but there was no news and no response.

It can be said that he disappeared without seeing anyone, and without seeing a corpse!

Ming Xi suddenly panicked!

Xie Yuan is a powerhouse of the sixth level, and he is also the son of a supreme elder. He has a deep background and status in the Qi clan.

If the news of his disappearance spread back to the clan, it would definitely cause a huge sensation.

"Strange! There was a loud noise from this place at the time, and there was no movement after that. Later, I couldn't contact Xie Yuan again. Could it be he?"

Ming Xi looked at the place in front, where there was a large scorch mark.

There is a series of looming footprints next to the scorch marks, extending towards the Sunlight Canyon ahead

"Could it be that Xie Yuan went to Sunlight Canyon?"

Ming Xi looked up at the entrance of the canyon, where the white mist was rolling, revealing a strange atmosphere.

"Impossible! Xie Yuan should know the strangeness of the Sunlight Canyon. He absolutely dare not go in. Could it be... Forget it, this matter is too serious for me to handle."

Ming Xi murmured in his heart, then dodged and disappeared in place.

She has to go back quickly, report the matter to the clan, and ask the big people in the clan to deal with it

Meanwhile, inside Sunlight Canyon.

Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er were in the temple and turned around a few times, but they didn't gain anything. They were a little disappointed.

Then, one person and one pet left the temple.

This time out, one person and one pet will have a surprising discovery

Chapter 261 The Valley of the Night, a surprise!

I saw that the thick fog outside the temple was gone, revealing the original terrain of the canyon, its range is dozens of miles, it is very vast...

Qin Feng looked up at the sky, it was still gray, like a layer of clouds covering the sky over the canyon.

In fact, it was a layer of enchantment.

He looked at the entrance of the canyon again, and the cloud enchantment at the entrance still existed.

In this way, if you want to enter Sunlight Canyon, you still need to pass through the enchantment.

This kind of enchantment is very peculiar. Entering requires light talent, and going out requires a pass.

Fortunately, Qin Feng got a pass and can come and go freely.

Otherwise, even if he has the strength of the prefecture-level peak, he may not be able to go out.

After all, the enchantment belongs to a kind of formation prohibition, using the endless power of heaven and earth.

Before the evil judge fell asleep, it took decades of energy to set up such an enchantment.

Without the strength above the sky level, it is difficult to forcibly break in.

In other words, the entire Sunshine Canyon is still a semi-enclosed space.

However, Qin Feng's attention is not here.

Counting the time, it is already dusk, and it stands to reason that the light in the canyon should be dim.

But in fact, the canyon is bright, like noon, bathed in sunlight all the time.

This surprised Qin Feng and Xiao Huoluan.

Soon, they discovered that the reason why the canyon is so bright is because there is a kind of white ore in the canyon that can emit light by itself.

And this kind of white ore, the whole canyon is everywhere, countless.

Because of the existence of this ore, the entire canyon is always bathed in sunlight whether it is day or night, as if there is only day and no night, it is a valley that never sleeps.

Qin Feng was curious and went forward to study the white ores.

[Sunlight Crystal Mine: A second-order resource, which can absorb and store the energy of sunlight, and over time, a fifth-order resource, shining stone, can be born. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He finally knew why there were so many shining stones for the evil judges and the light alienators.

Looking around, the entire canyon is full of sunlight crystal mines, stretching for dozens of miles.

It seems that he accidentally discovered a luminous stone mine.

At the moment, he told Xiao Luan'er about it.

Guck! Guck!

The little guy shouted excitedly.

"Dad! Dad! That's great! In this way, our Longyuan Village will not have to worry about upgrading to level 6 towns!"

The little guy's tone was very excited.

Before she knew it, she had integrated herself into Longyuan Village and became one of them.

After she transforms, she must be the little princess of Longyuan Village.

After all, her father is Qin Feng!

Qin Feng is also delighted: "Yes! Guangyao Stone is one of the strategic resources and is extremely important. In the future, there will definitely be countless villages fighting for strategic resources. We can find such a mine in Longyuan Village. , is also a kind of good luck.”

Speaking of which, Longyuan Village has had a lot of good luck. The Bingbing Stone Mine, Qingmuxin Mine Mine has been discovered one after another, and Guangyao Stone Mine has been discovered again.

As for Huo Liuli resources, Qin Feng has inexhaustible contribution points, which is equivalent to having an invisible Huo Liuli mine.

For future development, the village forces with more mining points will rise faster.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the village chief operation interface and entered the creation channel...

He wants to build a teleportation array here to connect this place with Longyuan Village.

From now on, this place is the new mine of Longyuan Village.

Boom~Long~Long!

With the roar of the earth, a teleportation formation slowly rose from the front...

At the same time, an announcement resounded throughout Longyuan Village.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in the Sunlight Canyon... Village Chief Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

[Reminder: The number of public buildings in Longyuan Village has reached 20, which meets the standards required to upgrade to level 5 villages. 】

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village cheered again!

Qi Yue's voice also sounded in Qin Feng's ears.