Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Notice: No. 911 Novice Village, newbie Qin Feng was the first to rise to level 5, No. 137 Novice Village resource bet failed! 】

[Announcement: All members of No. 137 Novice Village will weaken their free attributes by 20 points! 】

[Announcement: No. 137 Novice Village, all resources are halved! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

The sky shook, and black beams of light fell on all the newcomers on No. 137.

All attributes have been cut by 20 points.

There was mourning in the chat channel.

"I bought it! My attribute points! My attribute points have been weakened!"

"Oh! God! I also lost 20 attributes!"

"My God! We actually lost! We actually lost to the people of the Dragon Kingdom!"

"Oh! How did this happen? How could our great beacon country lose?"

"It's Qin Feng! It's this abominable Dragon Kingdom who has risen to level 5 first!"

"No~! I can't accept it! Why are the skinny people from the Dragon Kingdom able to surpass us!"

"Damn it! It's all Edward's fault! It's all that he's useless! It's all that damned vampire!"

"Edward! You devil! You vampire! Get out of here!"

At this moment, chat channel No. 137 went crazy, and they yelled at Edward one by one.

Even those who had praised Edward loudly before joined the ranks of scolding without exception.

Boom~ boom~ boom!

At this moment, there was another earth-shattering movement!

No. 137 Novice Village, the earth shakes and the crust cracks.

Countless forests, trees, exotic flowers, and beasts disappeared out of thin air, and a lot of resources were lost...

"God! The river in front of me has disappeared!"

"Damn it! The wild boar I was about to kill disappeared out of thin air!"

"Wow! Our resources are dwindling! It's terrible! It's terrible!"

"There aren't enough resources! How can we get to level 10? How can we pass the novice test?!"

"Blame Edward! Blame this **** vampire!"

"Oh! Edward! You damned fellow! You deserve to die!"

Edward: "You idiots! The lord wrote down your names! Michael! Alexander! Smith! I'll drain your blood! Let you meet Satan!"

"Oh! Did you see that? This nasty vampire is threatening us!"

"We join forces! Let's join forces to destroy this vampire!"

"That's right! Kill him! We're going to kill him!"

"Oh! My God! I can't stand the madness of this vampire!"

"I think Edward is right! I support him!"

"Oh! Damn it! You should die with Edward!"

crazy! Totally crazy!

At this moment, No. 137 Novice Village not only fell into a crisis of resources, but also fell into a crisis of division!

It is conceivable that the seven-day novice assessment will become very severe for them.

Destruction awaits them!

Several people from the Dragon Kingdom who were peeking at the screen all shook their heads when they saw this.

Selfish! Split! Foolishness! greedy!

This is the nature of the lighthouse nation!

Such a country is doomed to decline!

[Announcement: This resource betting is over, and the chat channels of the two novice areas have begun to be interrupted and paralleled]

[Announcement: This resource betting is over, and the ranking channel will return to normal...]

Soon, the chat channels of the two novice areas were interrupted in parallel.

The chart channel has also returned to normal.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

No. 911 Novice Village, cheers came out again, and everyone was excited...

At the same time, in that mountain stream.

Qin Feng looked at the silver treasure chest in his hand with joy.

However, he did not rush to open it, but squatted down and extracted the corpse of the blue-eyed giant tiger first.

After a while, he gained 2 strength attributes again.

After doing this, he looked at the silver treasure chest again.

[Silver Treasure Chest: 98% probability of opening third-order items, 2% probability of opening fourth-order items. 】

At the moment, he took a deep breath and slowly opened the treasure chest.

Om~!

A dazzling white light came on...

The next second, the treasure chest disappeared, and he had an extra long knife in his hand.

Its shape is very similar to the Tang knife, and the blade is very long, half a foot longer than the blood wolf war knife.

Take a closer look, the blade is like flowing water.

Under the moonlight, the cold light shines, and the murderous aura overflows, which is very cool.

【Treasure box opened successfully! Obtain the fourth-order item - Blade of Wind Scar! 】

[Blade of Wind Scar: Attack Power +100, Attack Speed ​​+100%, Armor Break +30%, Wound Tear +100%. 】

Fuck it~!

Tier 4~!

It was actually a Tier 4 item!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

With a 2% probability of opening a fourth-order item, he actually encountered it.

The luck is so good!

Ha ha!

This time, he made a profit!

Chapter 32 Continuous Improvement

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, a sword light danced.

The speed of the knife is terrifyingly fast!

Attack Speed ​​+100%!

Just unusual!

good! good!

He caressed the blade lightly, loving it, and was extremely satisfied.

Afterwards, he put the blood wolf sword into the storage ring and replaced it with the wind scar blade. Since then, the shotgun has been replaced by the cannon, and the equipment has been completely new.

By the way, this time, I got 70 free attributes.

In addition, when you reach level 4 and level 5, you will get 5 free attribute points each, and the total is 80 attributes. It is time to add points.

Qin Feng thought for a moment and decided that balanced development is the right way.

Immediately, he started adding points.

[Attribute addition is complete! Your Strength Index increases by 20 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Your Agility Index increases by 20 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Increase your BMI by 20 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

Just a moment, 80 free attributes, all added...

Qin Feng suddenly felt a majestic energy flowing all over the body, cutting the hair and washing the marrow, very comfortable...

At this moment, his muscles were full of explosive strength, and his skin was flowing with a metallic luster beauty.

The feeling of being stronger is amazing!

At the same time, his latest data also appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 5 (200/3000)

[Occupation]: Level 1 Judge (10/100)

【Reputation】: 9

[Strength]: 137+7 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 141 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 144 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 149 (intensified mind, D-level, visual hypersensitivity, E-level; enhanced sense of smell, F-level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 14 stars

good! good!

The combat evaluation has reached 14 stars.

Qin Feng's mood is very comfortable.

At this time, a gust of night wind blew, the cloak fluttered, and the autumn atmosphere was particularly refreshing.

His tense nerves also relaxed.

The bet is over, and he should relax.

A quarter of an hour later, a bonfire was set up beside the mountain stream.

The two bear paws on it have been roasted to the point of being oily and fragrant.

Bear's paw is an excellent food.

He killed three giant bears before, and the bear paws were cut off and not discarded.

Beside the bonfire, he also set up a stone pot, which was filled with clear mountain water, and a fire was burning below.

Just eating meat and not drinking water is not enough.

The stone pot was made by him on the spot, and he used a complete stone to cut it into a pot.

At this moment, Qin Feng is sitting by the bonfire with a cigarette in his mouth, watching the chat in the channel leisurely.

At the moment, it is very lively inside, and everyone is very excited to chat.