Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue: "Master, I heard the news that you have built a new teleportation array in Sunlight Canyon. Has the mission of Sunlight Canyon been completed?"

Qin Feng: "Well, it's done!"

Qiyue rejoiced: "That's great! Master, as soon as your teleportation formation is built, our Longyuan Village is one step closer to a level 5 village. I heard that a level 5 village can be turned into a town, I really hope that we will sooner. upgrade."

Qin Feng: "How is the specific progress of the village now?"

Qiyue: "Master, the number of level 1, level 2, level 3, and public buildings are all up to the standard. The number of wooden houses of level 4 and level 5 is not enough. However, it is not far from the standard, and there is great hope that it will be punished by heaven. Complete the promotion before."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "It would be best to complete the promotion before the punishment. By the way, how many villagers are there in the village at level 9?"

Qiyue: "There are more than 200 people. They are all working hard to sprint the level. As long as they don't relax, they can pass the level."

Qin Feng: "That's good! You go and notify the elder Qishan and let him deal with the Sunlight Canyon. This place is a new mine."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "That's great! It turns out that Sunlight Canyon is also a mining spot! I'm going to inform Grandpa now!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng took Xiao Luan'er into the teleportation formation and started the big formation...

The next second, their figures appeared on the teleportation formation in Tayue Town.

"Finally home!"

Qin Feng was in a good mood when he saw his town.

He looked around and saw that the number of wooden houses in Tayue Town was increasing, and now there are 900, and breaking the thousand is just around the corner.

If Longyuan Village is upgraded to a level 5 village, the scale of villagers stationed in Tayue Town will more than double.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was quite happy.

However, he did not stay too much.

The sky outside is already dusk, and it will soon be the seventh night.

He had to hurry back and digest the results of this time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurried back to his wooden house.

Xiao Luan'er flew outside the town.

The little guy has to continue to kill monsters and upgrade!

A quarter of an hour later, in zero-degree space.

In front of Qin Feng, there are two purple diamond treasure chests, two dark treasure chests, and three gold treasure chests.

good! good!

After several days, he finally got two purple diamond treasure chests.

When he uses the luck card, and then opens the two purple diamond treasure chests, he will definitely be able to get the seventh-order treasure.

Seventh-order treasure!

Even a heavenly powerhouse may not have one.

He'll get two soon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was excited and fiery.

Then, he turned his gaze on the two dark treasure chests and three golden treasure chests next to him, and felt a little regretful.

If conditions permit, he doesn't mind closing a third purple diamond treasure chest.

After all, with the air transport card, the air transport amplitude is 100 times in one minute.

He wants to open three purple diamond treasure chests in one minute, and he can do it.

pity!

00

The Purple Diamond Treasure Box can be synthesized if you want to synthesize it, it requires a Super Synthesis Card.

He doesn't have that kind of card anymore.

"Forget it, I don't want to do so much anymore. Let's finish other trivial matters first!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, put away all the treasure chests, and then opened the interface to check his only attribute points, a total of 7230 points.

Among them, 6,000 points are obtained by doing the bright evolution task, and the rest are the feedback from the villagers, as well as the upgrade and the construction of the teleportation array.

There has been very little feedback from the villagers.

It can be seen that the attributes of the villagers have reached the upper limit.

When he completes the talent assessment, he will expand the site and increase the upper limit of feedback.

For each additional site, the upper limit of feeding back will increase by 1,000 people.

He has the land deed card of the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold in his hand, and it is easy to seize the land.

Everything is waiting for a thunderous strike after the punishment assessment is over.

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped thinking about it and started to add some points, and the momentum was soaring...

After adding points, he couldn't wait to check the latest data.

[Level]: Level 23 (human level)

[Holy Duty]: Level 15 (Judge)

0

[Reputation]: 301 points (novice supreme)

[Combat assessment]: 1371 stars

good! good!

The combat power has reached 1371 stars!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

This kind of combat power gave him a little more confidence in the next Heavenly Punishment assessment.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

Qiyue: "Master, the world channel is very lively right now. There are hundreds of village chiefs who want to trade with you by name. They want to buy ice stones, green wood cores, and fire glaze from you."

"Especially Aoki Xin, they are the most scarce. We didn't want to pay attention to them. After all, we don't take out these strategic resources. But they have been swiping the screen in the world channel, and they have been calling you to go out and say something."

Qin Feng smiled: "The novice assessment period is coming to an end. These villages participating in the competition have not been promoted to level 3 villages, so they are naturally anxious. If they don't get promoted to level 3 villages, they will not be able to get the competition rewards, and everything will be fine. White is busy."

"The green wood core means that when the village is upgraded to level 3, the demand increases. With the resources of their novice village, it is not enough to obtain enough green wood core, so they can only ask outside."

Qiyue was delighted: "Master, we have a Qingmuxin mine, and there are a lot of them. Do you want to make a deal with them?"

"This time, they took out all kinds of scarce materials, such as second-order and third-order spirit grass, golden treasure chests, and fourth-order equipment, and they were willing to exchange them for green wood cores, with sincerity."

"By the way, in one of the villages, take out a rare divine card - a super synthetic card!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Someone took out the 'Super Synthetic Card'?"

Qiyue: "Yes! That seems to be a Tier 3 God Card!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Okay! I'll take a look now!"

This time, Qin Feng was excited.

The Super Synthetic Card is a Tier 3 God Card. In the eyes of outsiders, there may not be a Golden Treasure Chest.

But in Qin Feng's eyes, it is more precious than sixth-order treasures.

As long as he gets that divine card, he will be able to close the third purple diamond treasure chest.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

In this way, the value of the air transport card will be brought to the limit!

Open three purple diamond treasure chests in one minute, which should be just enough!

Immediately, Qin Feng ended the conversation and switched to the chat channel

Chapter 262 Hundred countries compete, only I am unique!

After entering the world chat channel, Qin Feng saw that the chat was hot inside, and the villagers' emotions were very high.

"Everyone, watch the World Channel! Those guys are crazy! Keep @ our boss!"

"They are in a hurry! It's less than 12 hours before the end of the novice assessment, and none of those villages have been promoted to level 3. If they do not reach level 3, even if they enter the top ten, they will not get any rewards!"

"That's right!"

"In this way, they are far worse than our Longyuan Village. We are not far from a 5th-level village. These guys haven't even risen to a 3rd-level village."

"Yeah! It's cool to think about it! All this is brought to us by the boss Qin Feng. To be honest, I'm very curious now, what kind of strength is the boss? It won't reach the legendary ninth level. God?"

"Jiuzhongtian? My God! This is too terrifying! I can't even imagine such strength!"

"Yeah! I can't believe it! However, I estimate that even if the boss doesn't have the strength of Jiuzhongtian, he must have the peak of Jiuzhongtian."

"Otherwise, in the morning, it is impossible for him to defeat so many earth-level powerhouses alone, and there is a seventh-level heaven among them!"

"I also think the boss should have the strength of Jiuzhongtian!"

"Tsk! Tsk! Jiuzhongtian! The boss is a god! The little sister really admires him too much."

When everyone talked about Qin Feng's strength, they were all amazed and deeply admired in their hearts.

It's just that these villagers' vision is too small, and they still underestimate Qin Feng's rapid progress.

In fact, Qin Feng is already at the pinnacle of the prefecture level and can easily kill Jiuzhongtian.

Seeing those, Qin Feng smiled without saying a word, and naturally didn't bother to explain.

What kind of strength he is, these villagers will be able to see tomorrow's punishment assessment, and there is no need to explain.

After glancing at the chat channel, his eyes fell on the world chat channel above.

I saw one message after another popped up inside, 90% of which were related to him.

"Yongye Village@Longyuan Village Chief, I want to buy 20 green wood cores. My village is willing to exchange it with Tier 4 equipment."

"Guangming Village@Longyuan Village Chief, looking for a green wood core, my village is willing to exchange a golden treasure chest!"

"Kimchi Village@Longyuan Village Chief, I want to buy Qingmu core, my village is willing to contribute points in exchange!"

"Brahma Village@Longyuan Village Chief, I'm looking for a green wood core, my village is willing to exchange precious gold treasure chests and Tier 4 equipment"

Watching one message after another flashing, all of them are buying information.

Speaking on the World Channel requires consuming Contribution Points.

In the initial stage of the novice assessment, the contribution points are extremely precious, and no villager is willing to waste the contribution points and talk nonsense in the world channel.

Therefore, the people who speak on the World Channel are basically the village chiefs of each village.

Qin Feng browsed for a while and then began to speak.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I am the head of Longyuan Village. I found that many villages are looking for green wood cores. But the resources of green wood cores are too rare, even if we don't have much stock in Longyuan Village, so the price..."

As soon as these words fell, there was a sensation in the channel.

The village chief Long Yuan, who they had been waiting for for a long time, finally showed up!

It turned out to be this young man named Qin Feng.

Really young and promising!

More importantly, Qin Feng's tone implied that Longyuan Village really had Aoki cores in stock.

It was so amazing for them!

As long as they get the green wood core, they can immediately rise to the level 3 village.

"Oh! Dear Mr. Qin Feng, please make a deal with our Yongye Village! Afterwards, you will feel very lucky because our Yongye Village is a powerful village!"

"Baga! Upstairs, why should I trade with you first? Our Tianzhao Village is very powerful!"

"NO! NO! NO! Our Kimchi Village is the most powerful, Smecta!"

"Are you from Nanbang upstairs? You are number one in the world! You are number one in the universe!"

"Axi!"