At this time, Paul, the head of Guangming Village, came out to speak.

Paul: "Oh! Mr. Qin Feng, we in Guangming Village are willing to exchange two pieces of Tier 4 equipment for 20 green wood cores. This should be a good deal for you. At the same time, we in Guangming Village are also willing to be friends with you."

"Although your Longyuan Village is lucky, you were promoted to level 3 ahead of time. But compared to your real strength, your Longyuan Village may not be comparable to our Guangming Village. Our Guangming Village has a large number of missionaries."

"They are born with bright talents, and their talent levels are very high, so our Guangming Village is very strong. Don't you want to make such a powerful ally?"

"Besides, although your Longyuan Village has been upgraded to level 3 ahead of time, your Dragon Country people are naturally weak and cannot eat in this slaughtering world, so you should need strong allies like us."

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng smiled.

This Guangming Village is obviously a village established by Western white skins, and it is born with a sense of self-superiority.

Not only Qin Feng saw his remarks, but the villagers in Longyuan Village sneered.

"Haha!! These western white-skinned pigs really can't change their nature of eating shit! They are about to be reduced to bereaved dogs. They still have an inexplicable sense of superiority, and they also attribute the upgrade of our Longyuan Village to good luck! "

"Is this guy a pig? Our Longyuan Village is level 4, and it won't be long before it will be level 5, and their Guangming Village is only level 2. They actually say that they are stronger than us! It's a joke!"

"Upstairs, during the village competition, Tiandao only announced the promotion of our village to level 3. They don't know about our promotion to level 4 village! In our estimation, these dogs thought we were Level 3 village!"

"Even if they think that we are still a third-level village, they can't shamelessly think that they are better than us! These Western dogs always look down on us Dragon Kingdom people with colored glasses, which is really funny!"

At the same moment, Qin Feng laughed when he saw Paul's remarks.

With the current strength of Longyuan Village, their Guangming Village is not even worthy of bringing shoes to Longyuan Village, let alone being an ally of Longyuan Village.

This Paul actually had a sense of self-superiority, and even used the alliance as a gimmick, thinking that it would attract Longyuan Village.

Inside and outside the words, don't forget to belittle the people of Longguo.

This Paul is just an idiot!

The arrogance and stupidity of Westerners are revealed both inside and outside the words.

Qin Feng: "Sorry! I'm not interested in Tier 4 equipment!"

Paul was surprised: "I just bought it! That's Tier 4 equipment! In this novice assessment period, it should be the top equipment!"

Qin Feng: "That's what you thought! In my eyes, it is worthless. In short, I have no interest in the transaction with you Guangming Village!"

Paul was annoyed: "Oh! Friends, you know what? You are offending a powerful village. You will regret it!"

Qin Feng: "I'm looking forward to it! I heard that after the novice assessment, Tiandao will announce a lot of information about the villages. Maybe our two villages will meet soon. At that time, I want to know whether you regret it or I regret it. ?"

Paul: "Fake Squid! You will regret it! Good luck!"

Immediately, Paul scolded and walked away.

Qin Feng: "I heard that some people exchanged super synthetic cards for green wood cores. Is that the village?"

Qingchengzi: "Haha! Little friend, you were so cool just now. That Western white-skinned person just now. Laodao has long disliked him. In the past few days, Laodao has quarreled with him several times."

Qin Feng saw the head portrait of Qingchengzi, a sloppy Taoist priest, obviously a native of Longguo, and his impression suddenly improved a lot.

Qingchengzi: "Little friend, it's the old way to exchange the super synthetic card for the green wood core, and one card for twenty green wood cores, do you think it's okay?"

Speaking of which, Qingchengzi was a little embarrassed.

He felt that a super synthetic card was worth at most fifteen green wood cores, and it was too much to replace twenty.

Unfortunately, he didn't have any valuables in his hands.

In order to keep more villagers alive, he donated a lot of items in exchange for power stones to upgrade those villagers.

At present, he only has this super synthetic card left, which is still worth some money.

After saying those words, Qingchengzi was a little uneasy.

He didn't know if Qin Feng would agree, after all, his request was a bit too much.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng readily agreed.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng: "Deal! Come to the trading channel!"

Qingchengzi was overjoyed: "Thank you Qin Feng little friend! Our Wuzhuangguan will remember your kindness!"

Qin Feng smiled: "We are from the Dragon Kingdom, and we should take care of each other."

At the moment, Qin Feng entered the trading channel.

It didn't take long for the two to complete the transaction, and they were all happy.

Qingchengzi got the green wood core, and Wuzhuangguan could be upgraded to a third-level village immediately, and the whole village cheered.

Qin Feng got the super synthetic card, and his heart was also darkened.

In his mind, the value of the Super Synthetic Card is more precious than a thousand green wood cores.

This transaction is definitely worth it.

After the transaction was completed, Qin Feng quit the World Channel and didn't bother to pay attention to other villages.

However, after he left, he explained to Qiyue that he relaxed the control of Aoki 5.4 cores a little.

From this moment on, Aoki core can be exchanged for golden treasure chests, but cannot be traded with villages in Western Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang.

Qiyue happily accepted the order.

Qin Feng did this because he wanted to close the third purple diamond treasure chest as soon as possible.

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng is looking at the **** card in his hand with joy.

That's the super synthetic card he just got!

With this card, he will soon be able to get the third purple diamond treasure chest.

The thought of the purple diamond treasure chest made him excited.

After adjusting his mood, he put away the divine card and took out a ball of divine blood from the storage ring.

As soon as the divine blood came out, it radiated golden light and a faint dragon might.

That is true dragon blood essence (lower grade), a seventh-order item.

It is also the only seventh-order treasure in Qin Feng's hands.

Before, Qin Feng didn't have time to deal with it, but now he is free to refine it.

"This is the seventh-order real dragon blood essence! I don't know what level my bloodline talent will be raised to after refining?"

Qin Feng looked at the divine blood in front of him, and his heart was full of expectations.

At the moment, he is ready to refine dragon blood.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder

Chapter 263 Fusion of dragon blood, fifth-level punishment!

Qin Feng looked at the divine blood in front of him, and his heart was full of expectations.

At the moment, he is ready to refine dragon blood.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Announcement to the whole world: The night has come, and the 'village chief mission' is activated again. This is the last village chief mission. 】

[After this mission is over, members of the novice villages that have not established a village will immediately become refugees and will be deducted 100 attributes. 】

[Reminder: Refugees will lose access to novice cabins, chat channels, and trading channels. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was a sensation!

Countless novice villages began to cry!

What a shame to be a refugee!

Can't use the novice cabin, and can't use the chat channel and trading channel, which is equivalent to being isolated and difficult to organize.

Such a situation, in this perilous killing world, is very dangerous.

Heaven's punishment for losers!

Very harsh!

As for those who have established villages, they are all fortunate.

Without the shelter of the village, it is very difficult for an individual to survive in such a world.

In the wooden house, after Qin Feng calmly listened to the news, he planned to continue refining the blood of the real dragon.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Announcement: The Heavenly Punishment Assessment will begin in 12 to 10 hours. This time, the Heavenly Punishment will be adjusted according to the strength of the village. 】

【The rules of punishment are as follows】

[A level 0 village bears a level 0 natural punishment, and the strength of the natural punishment person is the pinnacle of human level. 】

[Assessment passed: Villagers will receive 100 attribute rewards, and the village chief will receive 250 attribute rewards. 】

[The assessment failed: the village was dissolved, and all the villagers became refugees. 】

[Tier 1 villages suffer from 1st grade heavenly punishment, and those who are punished by the heavens have the strength of the earth-level triple heaven]

[Assessment passed: Villagers will receive 200 attribute rewards, and the village chief will receive 500 attribute rewards. 】

[Assessment failed: Level 1 villages are downgraded to Level 0 villages. 】

[A 2nd-level village bears a 2nd-level heavenly punishment, and the strength of the heavenly punisher is the fifth-level heaven. 】

[Assessment passed: Villagers will receive 300 attribute rewards, and the village chief will receive 1,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Assessment failed: Level 2 villages are downgraded to Level 1 villages. 】

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Village was a sensation!

This is the real punishment!

This is different from their previous guess.

It turned out that the punishment failed, but the village was downgraded by one level.

And if you pass the punishment, there will be rich rewards.

The higher the punishment level, the richer the reward.

However, the higher the punishment level, the more difficult it is to pass.

If the pass rate of level 0 punishment can reach 60%, then the pass rate of level 1 talent is 40%, and the higher the pass rate, the lower the pass rate.

In fact, this announcement came out.

On the World Channel, the hundreds of thousands of villages were all mourning.

Many villages are ready for relegation.

Even the villagers in Longyuan were worried.

Longyuan Village is a 4th-level village, and it has to face the 4th-level punishment.

The strength of the 4th-level Heavenly Punisher is Jiuzhongtian.

In their opinion, Qin Feng has a high probability of being the strength of Jiuzhongtian, which is the same level as the 4th-level Heavenly Punisher.

The strength is equal, and the outcome is unpredictable!

Naturally they were apprehensive!

As for the 5th-level village, what they face is the 5th-level punishment.

The strength of the 5th-level Heavenly Punisher is the pinnacle of the Earth-level.

At the pinnacle of the prefecture level, the combat power ranges from 1100 stars to 1900 stars.

The range is too big!

Originally, the prefecture-level peak was a transitional realm.

The villagers of Longyuan can't imagine that their boss can fight against the peak of the prefecture-level powerhouse.

Obviously, they all underestimated Qin Feng's progress...