Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng opened the Tiandao light screen, checked the announcement, and his eyes fell on the fifth-level punishment.

Level 5 punishment!

As long as they pass the assessment, the villagers will be rewarded with 600 attribute points, and the village chief will be rewarded with 8000 attribute points.

As soon as he saw the 8000 attribute reward, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames.

I just don't know, which level of the 5th-level Heavenly Punisher sent this time is in the peak of the prefecture level?

The announcement did not specify.

However, his current combat power is 1371 stars, and combined with Xiao Luan'er, he should be able to defeat most of the prefecture-level peaks.

By the way, there is still a seventh-order real dragon blood essence in his hand that has not been refined!

If the dragon's blood is refined, his strength will be greatly increased.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

In this way, it should be a big problem for him to pass the level 5 punishment.

However, the content of the Heavenly Punishment Assessment is: if you persist in the hands of the Heavenly Punisher for one hour, you will be cleared.

But if you defeat the punisher within an hour, the reward will be doubled.

What Qin Feng wants is to double the reward.

Within an hour, defeating a prefecture-level peak with unknown strength is a somewhat unknown challenge.

He does have to prepare.

"I don't want to do so much, wait for me to refine this dragon's blood and see how much strength it has increased!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear again.

Qiyue: "Master, now Tiandao has announced the content of the punishment in advance. Our village is facing a 4th-level punishment, and its strength is at the level of the Nine Heavens. Now everyone is a little worried about this!"

"Grandpa also asked me to ask you, do we need to postpone the promotion of our village to level 5?"

Qin Feng: "Tell the elder Qishan to let him upgrade the 4th-level and 5th-level wooden houses with all his strength. Try to make Longyuan Village reach the standard of level 5 village before dawn. As for whether we want to upgrade to 5th level, that is later. thing."

Qiyue suddenly said: "Yes! We can first reach the upgrade standard, and then upgrade the village after passing the punishment. Master, I will convey your words to my grandfather now."

Immediately, the two ended their conversation.

Obviously, Qi Yueyi would be wrong about Qin Feng's meaning.

She thought that Qin Feng would only challenge the 4th-level punishment and should not upgrade the village.

But what she didn't know was that what Qin Feng wanted to challenge was the level 5 punishment.

After all, in Qin Feng's recent battles, Qiyue has been in the zero-degree space, unable to see the outside situation, and not clear about Qin Feng's true strength.

At this moment, Qin Feng was in a hurry to refine dragon blood and had no time to explain.

huh~!

When Qin Feng opened his mouth and took a breath, he swallowed the blood of the real dragon in front of him...

Boom~Long~Long!

The dragon's blood entered his throat, and immediately turned into an incomparably majestic energy, like a tsunami that washed away at his whole body!

The scene was like a nine-day spring, falling into the long-dead desert.

As soon as the spring water entered the desert, it was completely swallowed up.

The power of dragon blood is also similar, as soon as it enters Qin Feng's body, it is madly swallowed and refined,,,,

Qin Feng's physique is so compatible with dragon blood, far from being comparable to Gu Lao

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +100, Agility +100, Constitution +100, Energy +100! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +101, Agility +97, Constitution +102, Energy +91! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength 890, volume +98, agility +101, constitution +98, energy +92! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body roared constantly, as if he was opening up the world!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

At the same moment, his skin turned red and his muscles swelled.

Violent momentum, soaring all the way!

Gradually, his whole body lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar came from above the nine heavens.

Behind Qin Feng, a golden dragon's shadow in the sky appeared, exuding endless dragon power, covering the sky and the ground.

The golden dragon phantom slowly opened and closed his eyes, and his golden pupils exuded endless majesty, with an aura that looked down on the world.

Against its backdrop, Qin Feng is like a supreme god, guarded by this golden dragon.

Gradually, the shadow of the golden dragon disappeared.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! You have added 130 star dragon blood power! 】

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! Your bloodline talent has been promoted to Grade B (Dragon Blood)]

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! The power of your inheritance skill "Dragon Power" is increased by a hundred times. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Dragon blood refining successfully!

This time, he actually added a 130-star dragon blood power.

Back then, when Old Gu used the totem technique, he only increased his combat power by 100 stars.

Obviously, the old Gu's physique does not match, and there is no way to fully stimulate the power of dragon blood.

"Finally refining is over!"

Qin Feng glanced at his combat power, which has reached 1501 stars.

This kind of combat power is really powerful!

He smiled contentedly

Chapter 264 Divine Seal Fusion, Darkness and Light!

After refining the dragon's blood, Qin Feng took out another divine seal.

That was exactly the Divine Seal of Light he got this time.

According to Tiandao's prompt, if he masters both the light and dark seals at the same time, he will have the opportunity to obtain the S-level reincarnation talent.

The thought of S-rank talent made him excited.

Having said that, whether it is the Divine Seal of Light or the Divine Seal of Darkness, it is the sacred object of the judge's vocation.

Only the judge can refine it, and others can't refine it if they want to.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng no longer hesitated, and directly broke the blood and dripped to the divine seal.

When the blood essence falls on the divine seal, it is immediately absorbed.

Om~!

In the next second, the divine seal aura was released, and the vibrations continued.

Then it turned into a ball of golden light, poured into Qin Feng's eyebrows, and disappeared.

The next second, the Divine Seal of Light appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness.

Boom~Long~Long!

The Divine Seal of Light is now!

The sea of ​​knowledge shakes!

The sky is rolling!

The Dark Divine Seal appeared automatically.

The two great seals appeared at the same time!

Light and dark!

Yin and Yang coexist!

Where there is light, there must be darkness!

The end of darkness must be dawn!

Boom~Long~Long!

The Light Divine Seal and the Dark Divine Seal automatically merge and rotate slowly.

There was a rumbling roar in the sky over the sea of ​​consciousness.

Magnificent, earth-shattering!

[Bright God Seal and Dark God Seal are merging]

【Fusion 1%2%3%】

At the same time, in the room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the futon, and his whole body lit up with black and white auras that blended together.

At the same time, his temperament is changing bit by bit, becoming more and more otherworldly.

Just as Qin Feng merged with the Divine Seal, the chat channel has long been noisy.

"Brothers, the regional channel is so lively! Those guys are completely crazy! There are more than 90,000 people participating in the village chief's mission tonight!"

"Fuck~! There are so many people!"

"It's not too much! Nearly a million people, only 90,000 people have reached level 10 or above, not even one percent!"

"That's true! After a novice test, less than one percent of them survived!"

"Whether they can survive to 1% depends on their performance in the last few hours, and see how many people who are level 9 sprint to level 10."

"Compared with them, our Longyuan Village is really happy!"

"Our Longyuan Village can rise because of the presence of Boss Qin Feng. If there is no Boss Qin Feng, we would not be so lucky!"

"It's the truth!"

At this moment, the villagers were filled with emotion.

They are really grateful to Qin Feng.

"By the way, brothers, how many people in our village are stuck at level 9?"

"There are only about a hundred people left! Elder Qishan is doing his best to help them, so there shouldn't be any problems. Our people in Longyuan Village should be able to pass the test 100%."

"100% to 1% of regional channels, we are really a hundred times better than them! Think about it, this is also a kind of happiness!"

"Haha! In this comparison, happiness really came out."

"Everyone, you talk about the regional channel, how many level 0 villages will appear tonight?"

"It is estimated that there will be a lot of them! They are already the last crazy! Each village has a dozen people team up to do the task of the village chief, and some villages even have 20 or 30 people, which is much easier than doing it alone. many."

"I heard that when you form a team to do the task, the rewards you get will be weakened a lot."

"The reward will be greatly weakened! But now, they still care so much. In order to promote the village, they can only be so crazy!"

"Haha! In that case, even if they are promoted successfully, it will be difficult for them to pass the Level 0 Heavenly Punishment Assessment!"

"To be honest, those idiots are not worthy of sympathy at all. If my expectations are right, when they fail tonight, they will definitely jump over the wall and rely on our Longyuan Village!"

"Why?"