Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"For example, what kind of democracy! Humanism! In short, all kinds of excuses, let us Longyuan Village save them, all of them are shameless!"

"Haha! Western white-skinned pigs are indeed this kind of virtue. They usually attack you and smear you when they don't have anything to do. When something goes wrong, they want you to help them unconditionally. I've never seen anyone more shameless than them."

"Everyone, don't mention those annoying white skins! Little sister is so worried now, tomorrow morning's punishment test!"

"Yeah! We Longyuan Village have to face the 4th-level punishment! The 4th-level punishment is the Jiuzhongtian powerhouse! Thinking about it, it's scary!"

"Yeah! I'm so worried! I don't know if the boss's current strength has reached Jiuzhongtian? When he shot this morning, his strength should be at the peak of the eighth layer, right?"

"It seems so! However, the combination of the boss and the pet should be able to reach Jiuzhongtian!"

"Besides, the strength of the boss has always improved rapidly. It is estimated that at this time, he has reached the threshold of the Nine Heavens, and with the help of the pet, a proper Nine Heavens powerhouse!"

"Upstairs, after you analyze it like this, I feel more relieved!"

"Jiuzhongtian vs. Jiuzhongtian, our boss has at least a 50% win rate!"

"Yeah! By the way, when dealing with the punisher, according to the rules, the whole village can take action together. At that time, the boss will face the bar, and if we attack from a distance, we will harass the punisher by the side."

"Upstairs, Jiuzhongtian powerhouses! Most of us don't even have 100-star combat power. Even if we reach 100-stars, with our attack power, for Jiuzhongtian powerhouses, it's just a drizzle, not much at all. Hurt!"

"Haha! Brother, don't underestimate this trick. The more ants kill the elephant, the more people are powerful!"

"That said, the possibility of us passing the punishment tomorrow is not small!"

"The main battle depends on the boss. He is the decisive battle force!"

"Yeah! To be honest, I really admire the boss! His strength has improved so fast!"

"It's not too fast! It's terribly fast!"

Talking to this point, everyone sighed.

It's just that they didn't expect that they still underestimated Qin Feng's progress.

At the same time, the Cangtu Ministry stronghold.

Mo Lao stood outside the house, looking up at the starry sky.

After all, he didn't wait for Elder Gu to repair the teleportation formation, which made him feel extremely disappointed.

"Lao Mo, it's cold at night, you should go back to rest first!"

Behind him, Lan Xuan's voice sounded.

Mo Lao didn't look back, but responded lightly.

Afterwards, he asked, "Has the army been arranged properly?"

"Mr. Mo, everything has been arranged properly. As soon as the sun rises tomorrow, we will immediately set off for Tayue Town."

Mo Lao nodded slightly: "That's good! It's a pity! If we leave tomorrow, we will arrive in the morning the day after tomorrow. After all, we missed the day of punishment."

Lan Xuan comforted: "Mr. Mo, it's up to people to make things happen, and things to happen in the sky. Some things can't be forced. After all, my subordinates are very curious about those punishments. It is rumored that at level 1 punishment, Tiandao will send out a strong person from the third heaven. It's quite powerful!"

Mo Lao shook his head slightly: "Lan Xuan, you underestimate the ruthlessness and cruelty of Tiandao."

"Old Mo, how do you say this?"

"As far as I know, the overall strength of the three-level heavenly powerhouses sent by level 1 Heavenly Punishment has always been at the peak of the third level of heaven. The comprehensive strength of the five-level heavenly powerhouses sent by the second-level heavenly punishment is at the peak of the fifth level of heaven."

Lan Xuan was surprised: "Hey~! In this way, most villages have difficulty passing the assessment! By the way, it is rumored that the 5th-level Heavenly Punishment will send out the top powerhouses at the prefecture level. With a combat power of 1900 stars, right?"

Mo Lao smiled slightly: "With the urination of heaven, it is not impossible!"

Lan Xuan was stunned!

This heaven is really cruel!

Mo Lao smiled: "However, you don't need to think so much. Level 5 punishment will only appear in the Great Thousand World, not even the Middle Thousand World, let alone the Small Thousand World. The Blue Star Realm challenge area where we are located, It's just a small world."

"In this world, it is very remarkable to have a 3rd-level punishment. As for a 5th-level punishment, it is absolutely impossible."

Lan Xuan nodded slightly: "Old Mo is right! Having said that, Tiandao really wants to send overlord-level powerhouses with 1900-star combat power, and very few can pass the 5th-level punishment."

Mo Lao nodded: "Few people can pass the 5th-level punishment. As for defeating the punishment and getting double rewards, it is even more unheard of."

Lan Xuan sighed: "That's too difficult!"

At the moment, the two chatted for a while, and then went back to rest and prepare for tomorrow's march.

Time passed by force by minute!

In a blink of an eye, five hours passed by outside.

During these five hours, the mission of the village chief in the regional channel was in full swing and was very intense.

The final madness is going on in various villages!

In the same five hours, all the villagers in Longyuan Village were promoted to level 10, and they cheered.

Counting the time at this moment, there are only three hours left before dawn.

But said that the outside world has passed five hours.

Fifteen hours have passed in zero-degree space.

In this fifteen hours, the fusion of Qin Feng's two divine seals finally came to an end.

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering change took place in the room.

Chapter 265 The Three Realms of Reincarnation

In this fifteen hours, the fusion of Qin Feng's two divine seals finally came to an end.

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering change took place in the room.

Boom~Long~Long!

Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge is earth-shattering!

The Divine Seal of Light and the Divine Seal of Darkness have been fused by 99.7%, forming a black and white avenue grinding disc that slowly rotates over the sea of ​​consciousness, and continues to fuse…

[Fusion 99.8% 99.9% 100%! 】

【Fusion is successful! You have obtained the S-rank Divine Seal—the Seal of Light and Darkness. 】

Om~!

At that moment, the seal of light and dark reincarnation burst out with ten thousand golden lights, illuminating the heavens and the universe!

On the divine seal, countless inscriptions of the Great Dao appear, which automatically evolve the laws of the Three Talents, the Four Signs, the Five Elements, the Six Harmonies, the Seven Stars, the Eight Directions, and the Nine Palaces.

Reincarnation is imprinted, and everything is done!

Om~!

At the same time, in the room.

Qin Feng's whole body is full of golden light, illuminating the whole wooden house!

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the heaven and the earth shook, and the void roared!

Behind him, the phantom of the sun and the moon, and the illusion of the starry sky appeared.

As the saying goes: light and dark coexist, the galaxy is brilliant, and the sun and the moon shine together!

At this moment, Qin Feng had the starry sky above his head and the sun and the moon in his body, as if a **** was coming to the world, and he was extraordinary.

After a long time, the sun, moon and starry sky faded, and all visions disappeared.

The hints of heaven follow...

[Congratulations on your fusion of Light and Dark Reincarnation Seal, you have obtained the power of light and dark reincarnation to quench your body! 】

[Under the quenching of the power of light and dark reincarnation, your strength index +1000 points. 】

[Under the quenching of the power of light and dark reincarnation, your agility index +1000 points. 】

[Under the quenching of the power of light and dark reincarnation, your body mass index +1000 points. 】

[Under the quenching of the power of light and dark reincarnation, your energy index +1000 points. 】

Boom~Long~793Long!

Qin Feng's attributes have skyrocketed, and his momentum has soared all the way!

In a blink of an eye, his combat power soared to 1576 stars!

[You have successfully integrated the light and dark reincarnation seal, and the power of the light talent has been increased tenfold. 】

[You have successfully integrated the light and dark reincarnation seal, and the power of the dark talent has been increased tenfold. 】

[You have successfully integrated the light and dark reincarnation seal and obtained the S-level light and dark reincarnation talent (not fully awakened)]

[Reminder: The seventh sense needs to be awakened, and the talent of light and dark reincarnation can be fully awakened. 】

[Reminder: You have awakened the vocation skill - Judgment Summoning (Tier 7). 】

[Reminder: The vocation has been upgraded to level 20, and the talent of the reincarnation of light has been fully awakened, and you can be promoted to the Lord of Judgment. 】

At this moment, a lot of information poured into Qin Feng's mind...

For a long time, he opened and closed his eyes, and slowly opened his eyes.

In the depths of those eyes, a hidden starry sky emerged, and the sun and the moon were disillusioned.

His demeanor was very different from before, and the whole person became extraordinary and refined, like a pure and unsullied son of God, without a trace of vulgarity in the world, sacred and noble.

At this moment, his mood also changed a little.

"I see!"

After a while, his face was stunned, and there was a hint of joy in his eyes.

The original reincarnation talent is divided into three levels, namely S-level light and dark reincarnation, SS-level reincarnation of life and death, and SSS-level six-path reincarnation.

What Qin Feng has just obtained is the lowest S-level light and dark reincarnation, and then he can be promoted to SS-level life and death reincarnation, and finally can evolve into SSS-level six-path reincarnation.

However, his light and dark reincarnation has not fully awakened.

He needs to awaken the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness!

The seventh sense is mysterious and ethereal, and it is very difficult to awaken.

If you want to awaken Mana consciousness, you need to awaken the mysterious soul-type talent.

It's just that it is extremely difficult to awaken the soul-type talent, and the evil judge is stuck here, so he can't fully awaken the reincarnation of light and dark.

Otherwise, he would have been promoted to Judge Master long ago.

Qin Feng will not be his opponent either.

When he thought of soul talent, Qin Feng couldn't help thinking of soul stone.

He has a lot of soul stones in his hand. I wonder if this thing can help him awaken his soul talent?Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He thought about it for a while, and when he had no clue, he stopped thinking about it.

In short, as long as he fully awakens the seal of light and dark reincarnation before his vocation rises to level 20, he will be able to successfully be promoted to the Lord of Judgment.

At that time, his strength will undergo reborn changes.

Having said that, this time he obtained the seal of light and dark reincarnation, and actually obtained a seventh-order vocation skill - Judgment Summoning.

[Judgment Call: You can recruit a light messenger and a dark messenger for you to drive. 】

[Reminder: You can only summon one messenger of light and one messenger of darkness. 】

[Reminder: The recruiting target must sign a master-slave contract with you in advance, and you can be the master before being recruited. 】

After reading this information, Qin Feng laughed.

There are just right candidates by his side, one is Qiyue and the other is Xiaoluaner.

Qiyue signed a master-slave contract with him.

Xiao Luan'er signed a psychic contract with him.

The psychic contract is also a kind of master-slave contract.

Thinking of this, he wanted to try the effect of Judgment Summoning.

This is a seventh-order vocation skill, and it should be good.