Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, he used the voice channel to notify Qiyue.

"Yue'er, come to my room!"

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, I'll be right here!"

Now, everyone is hotly discussing the issue of the Heavenly Punishment Assessment, and they are all worried about the Heavenly Punishment.

She was also apprehensive, but she didn't dare to ask the master, for fear of disturbing the master's retreat.

Now that the master has summoned her out of the customs, she is naturally happy.

She has been waiting for her master to call!

Not long after, footsteps sounded outside Qin Feng's door.

"Owner!"

There was a knock on the door.

"come in!"

squeak~!

The door was pushed open, and Qi Yue walked in beautifully.

Qin Feng was stunned when he saw her.

This little girl was actually wearing a maid outfit, and with her pure and delicate facial features, she was really cute and cute.

"Why are you dressed like this?"

Qi Yue was a little shy: "Master, Yue'er is your little maid, isn't it more appropriate to dress like this?"

Qin Feng looked at her for a while and muttered in his heart.

This little girl has been getting close to Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli recently, and it is estimated that she has been influenced by a lot of Blue Star culture.

I don't know if there are some strange things in her mind.

"Master, it will be dawn in two or three hours, and the punishment test is coming. Master, you must be under a lot of pressure, right? After all, we are dealing with level 4 punishment."

"Level 4 Heavenly Punisher? It's alright!"

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Today, he didn't take the 4th-level Heavenly Punisher in his eyes at all.

What he wants to challenge is the 5th-level Heavenly Punisher!

Qiyue said a little shyly: "Actually, as long as it can help the master relieve the pressure, the master can do whatever he wants. After all, everything about Yueer is yours. Yueer has already made preparations, as long as it can help you Relax…"

"Little girl, what are you thinking about? Come here!"

"Oh!"

Qi Yue obediently walked to Qin Feng's side.

As she approached, her eyes lit up involuntarily.

what!

The master's temperament is a little different from before, becoming more extraordinary and refined, showing sacred and noble in every gesture, and possessing a different kind of charm, which makes people unable to extricate themselves.

Really handsome!

The little girl stared at Qin Feng with starlight in her eyes.

When she entered the room just now, she only reported her work nervously, without looking carefully.

At this sight, she was fascinated by Qin Feng's peerless bearing.

"Close your eyes!"

Qin Feng's voice sounded calmly.

"Oh!"

Qi Yue obediently closed her eyes.

His long eyelashes trembled slightly.

strangeness? !

Why does the master ask me to close my eyes?

Does the owner need to relieve the pressure?

Thinking of this, she jumped around cautiously, both a little nervous and a little bit happy.

Unconsciously, she raised her cute little face and pouted her mouth slightly, as if she was expecting something.

However, she was still a little scared.

Listening to Li Ying and the others, it was a bit painful for the first time.

At this moment, Qin Feng's gentle voice sounded in her ear.

"Yue'er, let go of your mind and accept it with your heart."

"Um!"

Qi Yue shyly responded.

She was ready to endure all the pain.

She is willing to give everything for her master.

It was at this moment that she sensed a faint mental fluctuation in front of her.

However, without the master's order, she dared not open her eyes to see...

I saw that in the room, Qin Feng was drawing a mysterious seal in the air with the blood of his fingertips as a guide.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The talisman was drawn more and more completely, and in the blink of an eye, the golden light burst forth, and the roar was unceasingly roaring.

That is the dark seal drawn by Qin Feng, condensed with his blood.

The next second, he pressed a finger to Qi Yue's eyebrows.

The dark divine seal slowly melted into the smooth brows and disappeared.

Boom~!

Immediately afterwards, Qi Yue's petite body shook violently, and her momentum skyrocketed.

In a blink of an eye, her combat power has skyrocketed from 134 stars to 170 stars.

At the same moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Successful Judgment Summoning! The target Qiyue has become your dark messenger! 】

[Your dark messenger, Qiyue, has obtained an A-level talent - the law of darkness! 】

[Your dark messenger, Qiyue, has obtained an A-level talent - the awakening of the six senses! 】

Whoo~!

Finally finished!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Qin Chuan breathed a long sigh of relief, feeling quite happy in his heart.

It turned out that turning Qiyue into a messenger of darkness would not only increase her talent, but also enhance her strength.

Next, he will transform Xiao Luan'er into a messenger of light.

That little guy was his main target.

The stronger Xiao Luan'er is, the greater the benefit to him.

It will be even more handy to fight against a Level 5 Heavenly Punisher tomorrow.

At this time, Qi Yue also slowly opened her eyes.

At this moment, she also discovered a huge change in herself, and her face was full of ecstasy.

Chapter 266 The strength has skyrocketed, and the future is promising!

"Wow! Master, I got two A-level talents!"

Qi Yue was excited.

Qin Feng smiled: "Little girl, from now on, you are my messenger of darkness. I will explain some things to you later."

"Well, thank you master!"

Qiyue was grateful.

She naturally knows that all this is a gift from the master~.

This made her heart warm, and she became more and more dead to Qin Feng.

"Master, with these two A-level talents, I have three A-level talents, one B-level talent, and one bloodline talent. With such strength, under the same combat power, I am afraid that most people are not - my opponents. already."

Qi Yue suddenly thought of this, and became very excited again.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

What the little girl said is true!

Don't look at Qiyue, who usually doesn't show the mountains and dew, and stays by Qin Feng's side all the time. The current level is only 13.

But her comprehensive strength at this time can already be compared with the prefecture-level threshold.

In Longyuan Village, apart from Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er, no one is her opponent.

In addition, Qin Feng had already assembled a set of fourth-order equipment for her, which made her even more powerful.

It's just that she is Qin Feng's personal assistant, and there are too few opportunities to take action.

"Yue'er, this knife is also for you!"

Qin Feng took out the Dark Night Sword with a casual move.

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master, this is your sword!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "That was before! Now, I have changed to a new sword. This dark night sword has a 100% amplitude of the power of darkness, which is very suitable for you. With it, you can completely match the threshold of the earth level. war."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Thank you, master!"

At the moment, she took over the Heavenly Sword with a look of joy, and started playing with it.

"Little girl, let's go!"

Seeing Qin Feng's expulsion order, Qiyue hesitated for a while.

"Master, in a few hours there will be a battle of punishment. Are you really under no pressure?"

"What's the pressure?"

Qin Feng was really not too worried.

Qiyue took a deep breath: "Master, the 4th-level Heavenly Punisher is the powerhouse of the Nine Heavens! You..."

"Level 4 Heavenly Punisher, I haven't paid attention to it yet."

Qin Feng smiled calmly.

He was telling the truth, not to mention that his target was not a Level 4 Heavenly Punisher.

Hearing that, Qi Yue let out a sigh of relief, and looked at Qin Feng even more obsessively.

She found that the master was getting more and more handsome, and even the self-confidence was so fascinating.

Now, it's a little unwilling to let her leave like this!

"Master, if you have no pressure in your heart, is there any pressure on your body that needs to be released? Yue'er just wants to help the master relieve his worries!"

The more Qi Yue said, the more shy she became.

Qin Feng shook his head slightly, and the little girl started thinking wildly again.

"Yue'er, go get busy! I'm fine!"

"Oh!"