Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue answered and left obediently.

However, along the way, she muttered in a very small voice.

Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli both said that the owner will definitely need it after being single for a long time.

Are they wrong?

Qin Feng's hearing is extremely amazing, and naturally he heard it without a single trace.

He looked at the back of Qi Yue's departure, with suspicion in his eyes.

This little girl will not really be broken by Li Ying and the others, right?

At this moment, Qiyue went back and forth.

"By the way, master, I almost forgot to give this to you. This is the harvest of tonight's transaction, which I exchanged with Aoki core. The harvest is very good!"

The little girl handed over a storage ring,

Qin Feng took a look and found that there were nine golden treasure chests in it, and he was quite happy.

These are exactly what he needs.

"Well done!"

Being praised by this, Qi Yue was elated.

"Master, there are many villages who want green wood cores, but they don't have golden treasure chests, so I will not change them."

"By the way, Guangming Village, Yongye Village, Brahma Village, Kimchi Village, and Tianzhao Village all have golden treasure chests. But they are villages established by Western Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang, and I didn't do anything with them. trade."

Qin Feng admired: "It's right! Don't make deals with those people. If you deal with them, you will be the enemy. In the future, sooner or later, I will clean up these ignorant and arrogant people."

"There are still a few hours left before the novice assessment. There should be people who want to buy. You continue to buy the golden treasure chest."

"Well, master, I'll go right now!"

Qiyue left happily.

After she left, Qin Feng took out all the treasure chests.

After some synthesis, he had two purple diamond treasure chests, four dark treasure chests, and one gold treasure chest in his hands.

Only the last four golden treasure chests are needed before he can close the third purple diamond treasure chest.

This made his heart swell.

After putting away the treasure box, he used telepathy to contact Xiao Luan'er.

"Little Luan'er, come back, Dad wants to give you a chance."

"Dad! Daddy! I'll be right back!"

As soon as he heard the opportunity, the little guy flew up happily and hurried to Tayue Town...

After finishing the conversation with Xiao Luan'er, Qin Feng was about to deal with some trivial matters.

It was at this moment that he sensed that the time flow rate of the wooden house had changed, from three times the original flow rate to five times.

His eyes suddenly lit up.

Could it be that Qiyue's time force field has become stronger?

With this in mind, he used his spiritual voice transmission to contact Qiyue.

Since Qiyue became his dark messenger, there has been telepathy between the two, and telepathy can be transmitted within a hundred miles, which is more convenient than voice channels.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Yue'er, your time force field has become stronger?"

"Yes! Master, you helped me obtain the A-level Six Senses talent. This talent has a bonus effect on the time force field. My current time force field has tripled to five times."

"Not bad!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

This is definitely a good thing for him!

For a long time, he felt that there was not enough time.

Now, Qiyue's time field has been strengthened five times.

One hour has passed in the outside world, and five hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

Buy him a lot of time.

For example, now, after two or three hours from the outside world, it will be dawn.

Many people are too late to sprint levels because there is absolutely not enough time.

However, Qin Feng can have more than ten hours in the zero-degree space to deal with his own affairs.

The effect of the time force field is really great.

"I really didn't expect that I just transformed Qiyue into a dark messenger, and the benefits will show."

Qin Feng was quite surprised.

At this moment, the space in front of him was distorted, and a divine bird covered in golden flames burst out.

Little Luan went home.

Guck! Guck!

The little guy called out as soon as he appeared.

"Dad! Daddy! Where is the chance you say?"

Xiao Luan'er reduced her body and jumped into Qin Feng's arms happily.

"Hey! Dad, you seem to be a little different now than before?"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er seemed to have discovered something, and looked at Qin Feng curiously.

It found that Dad's temperament was more otherworldly, more sacred and respectful than before.

In short, it is more handsome!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Little guy, don't you want a chance? Close your eyes!"

0

"Oh!"

Xiao Luan'er closed her eyes obediently.

Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and began to draw the divine imprint of light in the air.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Gradually, the outline of the divine seal became more and more complete, exuding a dazzling golden light, which shook endlessly.

Xiao Luan'er was curious and secretly opened a small eye to look at it secretly.

"Little guy, close your eyes!"

"Guji! Guji!"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly closed her eyes and pretended to be well-behaved.

Qin Feng smiled and pressed a finger to its eyebrows.

Boom~Long~Long!

A shocking move!

The divine seal of light slowly melted into Xiao Luan'er's eyebrows, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

Immediately afterwards, Xiao Luan'er's phoenix body shook violently, and her momentum rose wildly.

In a blink of an eye, her combat power has soared from 644 stars to 700 stars.

At the same moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Successful Judgment Summoning! The target Xiao Luan'er has become your light messenger! 】

[Your light messenger, Xiao Luan'er, has obtained an A-level talent - the law of light! 】

[Your light messenger, Xiao Luan, has obtained an A-level talent - the awakening of the six senses! 】

good! good!

The strength of the little guy is very powerful!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Xiao Huoluan's combat power has reached 700 stars, plus it is a top-grade foundation.

After controlling the power of heaven and earth, its combat power can reach 1000 stars, which is the tenth level.

However, Xiao Luan'er got two A-level talents, plus it has A-level flame talent, A-level space talent, and B-level bloodline talent (Suzaku).

So many talents, and each talent level is very high.

Among the ten-layered powerhouses, I am afraid that few can compare with them.

In this way, its comprehensive strength is equivalent to the threshold of entering the prefecture-level peak.

The threshold combat power of the prefecture-level peak is 1100 stars.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was very satisfied.

With Xiao Luan'er in such a state, and then psychic integration with him, he completely dares to fight against the extreme powerhouse at the prefecture level.

The combat power of the prefecture-level extreme powerhouse is 1900 stars.

Further up is the category of heaven-level powerhouses!

"Guji! Guji!"

At this moment, the little guy opened his eyes excitedly.

"Wow! Dad! Dad! My strength has improved again! I also got two A-level talents."

The little guy is ecstatic.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

"Dad, you are so kind. You gave Xiao Luan'er such a great opportunity. When Xiao Luan'er grows up, she will definitely treat you well."

Qin Feng said with a smile: "It will take a while for you to grow up. You sprint to level 20 first, and strive to transform as soon as possible. Dad also wants to see what you will look like after you transform."

Xiao Luan'er said happily: "Dad, after I transform, I must look a lot like you, because I am your daughter!"

Having said that, this little guy was bred with Qin Feng's blood, and there is indeed a blood relationship between the two.

"Go! Go! You are only level 16 now, and you are 4 levels away from level 20. Go kill monsters and upgrade!"

"okay!"

"Remember to come back after dawn! Tomorrow morning, there will be a battle of punishment!"

"Got it! Dad!"

Xiao Luan'er agreed and left.

Seeing the little guy leave, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

The important things tonight have basically been dealt with.

Next, he will deal with some chores, and he can wait for the punishment assessment to come.

Chapter 267 Work together, the whole people sprint!

"By the way, to challenge the level 5 punishment, you need to upgrade the village to level 5 first. How is the upgrade progress of the village?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and opened the village chief's operation interface to check it.

After checking this, he frowned.

what happened?

The upgrade progress of Longyuan Village was much slower than expected!

At present, the level 4 wooden houses in Longyuan Village have reached the standard, and there are only 17 level 5 wooden houses left.

But there are only three hours left in the outside world, and it is time for the Heavenly Punishment Assessment.