Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

According to this progress, it is very likely that when the punishment comes, Longyuan Village is still a level 4 village, so it can only accept the assessment of the level 4 punishment.

This is not what Qin Feng wants.

For the level 4 punishment, the village chief can only get 4000 attribute rewards.

Even if you defeat the 4th-level Heavenly Punisher, the reward will be doubled, which is only 8000 attributes.

Level 5 punishment is different, the village chief can get 8000 attribute rewards.

If you defeat a Level 5 Heavenly Punisher, the reward will be doubled, that is, 16,000 attribute rewards!

This is Qin Feng's goal.

no!

He had to urge Qishan to speed up his progress.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng communicated with Qishan by voice.

"Elder Qishan, why has our village's upgrade progress slowed down, much slower than expected."

At this moment, Qishan is taking a group of clansmen to deal with the Guangyao Stone in the Sunlight Canyon.

As soon as he received Qin Feng's communication, he quickly replied.

Qishan: "Master, there is a reason for this, the old man is about to report it to you."

Qin Feng: "What's the reason?"

Qishan: "Master, this is what happened. As the level of the villagers is higher, the efficiency requirements for collecting energy value are higher. Those quarrying, logging, and mining have been difficult to meet their upgrading needs."

"So more and more people gave up logging, quarrying, and mining, and went to kill monsters to upgrade. As a result, the upgrade speed of the village slowed down."

Qin Feng frowned: "This is a hidden danger that must be solved in time. Otherwise, the upgrade speed of our Longyuan Village will be slower and slower in the future."

Qishan: "Yeah! This is the thing that worries me the most. But the fact is: as everyone's level increases, there will be fewer and fewer people willing to log, quarry, and mine, and the speed of upgrading the village must slow down. down."

"The old man also thought about devising a voluntary responsibility system to let the villagers do the tasks and carry out quarrying and mining in batches. But looking back, this can't solve the root cause of the problem after all."

"Forcing the villagers to go logging, quarrying, and digging can only relieve temporary needs. We can't wait for them to reach level 100, and ask them to go logging, right? This is not in the interests of the village."

Qin Feng nodded: "Yes! Our Longyuan Village needs a large number of low-level laborers to help us mine, quarry, and cut wood. Let the time of the villagers be freed from these trivial matters."

"By the way, we are a 4th-level village. Didn't we open the prisoner of war order system! When the time comes, we will go to Baipi Village, Asan Village, Sakurajima Village, and Nanbang Village to capture a group of prisoners of war, turn them into slaves, and help We are logging and mining in Longyuan Village."

Qishan was overjoyed: "Yes! Why didn't the old man think of it? It seems that the old man has forgotten this function when he is old."

At this moment, Qishan's tone was filled with incomparable joy.

Immediately, he was very enthusiastic about capturing prisoners.

Qin Feng thought about it and felt happy.

He has long been unhappy with those Western white skins, Asan, and Nanbangs.

This time, taking those dog things as slaves can not only relieve the anger, but also solve the logistics manpower problem of Longyuan Village. It is really the best of both worlds!

It seems that the capture of prisoners must be included in the charter in advance.

Qin Feng: "Elder Qishan, the novice assessment period is not over. Challenger forces are not allowed to criticize each other. Even if they want to capture prisoners, it will be after the punishment assessment."

"At present, I ask Longyuan Village to reach the level 5 village upgrade standard as soon as possible, can you do it?"

Qishan: "This... Master, this will mobilize the power of the whole village, so it should be too late. But this old man's reputation is limited, so I'm afraid he won't be able to call everyone. Only if you speak up can you succeed."

Qin Feng: "It's okay! I'll take a look!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng switched to the chat channel.

Longyuan Village must be promoted to level 5 village before the end of the novice assessment, otherwise all his previous efforts will be in vain.

As soon as he entered the chat channel, he saw that everyone was chatting hotly.

"Everyone, in two hours, it will be dawn! The last village chief mission will be over."

"Yes! The guys in the regional channel are very crazy tonight, and a lot of people died, but there are also many villages that have succeeded."

"Don't worry about them! I only care about tomorrow morning, the heavenly punishment assessment. Everyone, what do you think the boss has against the 4th-level heavenly punishment tomorrow?"

"At least 50%! After all, the boss should have the strength of Jiuzhongtian. Jiuzhongtian is against Jiuzhongtian, 50% probability!"

"I don't think so! At least 60%!"

"I think the boss has at least a 70% win rate, plus our harassment from the side, maybe there's a 90% win rate!"

"Haha! Upstairs, I feel comfortable listening to you!"

"Brothers, don't be too optimistic. God Punisher! As soon as you hear the name, it is not an easy task. Everyone who can punish the day is not the weakest in the same rank. Therefore, whether the boss can win tomorrow, It's really hard to say."

"Yeah! Little sister thinks so too, I'm really worried!"

At this moment, Qin Feng came forward.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, now there is an urgent task that needs to be completed together."

As soon as these words fell, the audience burst into a commotion.

"Wow! It's the boss! The boss has appeared!"

"Boss, you are finally out!"

"Boss, what do you think of tomorrow's punishment assessment?"

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited, and some people mentioned tomorrow's Heavenly Punishment Assessment.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone be quiet! I didn't listen to the boss just said, there is an urgent task that needs to be completed together?"

"Yes! Everyone be quiet!"

"Listen to the boss's words!"

In the chat channel, everyone quickly quieted down.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, there are still 17 level 5 wooden houses in our village, and we can reach the standard of upgrading to level 5 villages, but now there are fewer people logging, quarrying and mining, which delays the upgrade speed of these level 5 wooden houses to 0"

"I hope that everyone will put down what they are doing, and work hard together to solve the problem of the level 5 wooden house. Try to make Longyuan Village reach the standard of level 5 village before dawn."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was puzzled.

"Boss, there will be a natural punishment assessment tomorrow. Isn't it more important for everyone to kill monsters and upgrade their strength?"

"Yeah! Anyway, we're not in a hurry to upgrade to level 5 villages!"

At this time, Qiyue appeared.

Qiyue: "Everyone, tomorrow's punishment assessment depends on the master to fight. It doesn't matter whether you improve your strength or not. Could it be that you can hurt the fur of the Jiuzhongtian powerhouse?"FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Qiyue: "Since this is the case, everyone should hurry up and hit the level 5 wooden house standard, so that Longyuan Village can reach the upgrade standard. At that time, as long as we pass the natural punishment assessment, we can immediately upgrade to the level 5 village."

Qiyue: "The benefits of upgrading your village will be dozens of times stronger than your current level of killing monsters!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone responded.

"Yes! Miss Qiyue's analysis makes sense!"

"That's right! Even if we don't rush to upgrade the village, let's make the village up to the upgrade standard first."

"Boss, I'm going to cut wood!"

"I'll go as well!"

"I'll dig!"

This time, Longyuan Village mobilized from top to bottom, and the scene was very hot.

Qin Feng wanted to explain, but when he saw this, he quit.

Since everyone went to logging and mining, there was no need for him to waste time explaining.

To avoid talking too much, everyone is still panicking.

In fact, even if Qin Feng didn't explain anything and ordered everyone to go logging and mining, everyone would still actively implement it.

Such is his prestige.

In short, the problem of village upgrade is solved.

He should also take care of his own business.

In the room, after Qin Feng exited the chat channel, he opened the Temple Alchemist interface.

He now has some free time to see if there are any good alchemy tasks.

When he saw it, he was surprised.

The previous Tier 1 elixir was tasked with 5.5 tasks, but he refused all of them, and only accepted the task of alchemy of Tier 2 and above.

Last time, he completed all the tasks above Tier 2.

This time, when the interface is opened, there are more than twenty second-order alchemy quests, and two third-order alchemy quests.

He hurriedly took over all the tasks, then summoned the Dragon and Phoenix Polar Furnace and began to concoct alchemy.

There are still two or three hours left before the Heavenly Punishment Assessment begins.

In zero-degree space, it is ten to fifteen hours.

In such a long time, it was enough for him to refine twenty or thirty potions of medicinal pills.

Before the Heavenly Punishment assessment, refining some Tier 2 medicinal herbs, and then taking them, can improve some strengths.

In order to pass the Level 5 Heavenly Punishment Assessment, he is also making the most extreme preparations.

In this way, Qin Feng opened the alchemy furnace and started the alchemy work.

Time flies!

Before I knew it, two hours passed by outside.

There are less than ten minutes left until the end of the last village chief mission.

At this moment, a Heavenly Dao announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm, causing a sensation in the whole world.

Chapter 268 Qin Feng's space talent opportunity

At this moment, a Heavenly Dao announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm, causing a sensation in the whole world...

[Announcement to the whole world: Wuzhuangguan Village was successfully promoted to level 3 village, won the second place in this village competition, and received rich rewards. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, countless villages were amazed.

At the same moment, Wuzhuangguan Village cheered.

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and beams of reward beams fell from the sky...

When the reward ended, the villagers were extremely happy.

At the moment, the village square.

Qingchengzi stroked his beard and smiled.

The surrounding disciples were even more excited.

"Master! The reward for the second place is really generous!!"

"Yeah! Even if we fail and get downgraded in the next Heavenly Punishment assessment, that's what we earned!"

"I earned it! I definitely earned it!"

"I really didn't expect that our Wuzhuangguan could be promoted to a level 3 village at the last moment."

"Yeah! This level is too critical. If you don't reach level 3 villages, even if you win the second place in the competition, you won't get any rewards."

"What's even better is that we were still worried about whether we could pass the level 2 natural punishment and keep the village at level 2. Now we have saved 100%, and then we will just admit defeat and drop to level 1. We are still a level 2 village."

"Haha! Why didn't I think of it! How wonderful!"

All the children laughed.

At this time, Qingchengzi Fushou sighed: "Disciples, our Wuzhuangguan can be successfully promoted to level 3 this time, and we have to thank one person!"

"Master, who are you talking about?"