Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Village Longyuan - Qin Feng!"

Qingchengzi looked up to the sky and sighed: "10 If he was not willing to suffer and exchange twenty green wood cores for a super synthetic card, would we be able to be promoted to a level 3 village? Not to mention getting this reward."

"In short, our Wuzhuangguan owes the village chief Qin Feng a favor. And we in Longguo know that the grace of dripping water should be repaid with a spring. In the future, if Longyuan Village needs it, our Wuzhuangguan will do my part."

"Master is right!"

All the disciples nodded...

At the same time, the headquarters of Guangming Village.

The village chief Paul's eyes were bloodshot.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

He hadn't slept for three days and three nights in order to sprint to a level 3 village.

Only at this moment, he looked up at the sky with a dazed expression.

Just now, Tiandao announced that Wuzhuangguan Village was promoted to the third-level village and won the second place.

"Master Bishop Paul, Wuzhuangguan Village has won the second prize!"

A villager's voice sounded behind Bishop Paul.

"Oh! Fake squid!"

Paul couldn't help cursing.

"Damn it! The second place should have belonged to our Guangming Village, all from Qin Feng's ignorant Longguo. He helped Wuzhuangguan to let Wuzhuangguan take the second place. At the beginning, I asked him The deal, he refused outright, is really ignorant."

Bishop Paul's tone was full of hate.

The arrogance and shamelessness of the western white-skinned people are reflected in every moment.

"Oh! Lord Bishop, with the frail body of the people of the Dragon Kingdom, they must be lucky to be able to move up to the third-level village, and they have obtained enough village resources. Otherwise, they would not be able to rise so fast."

"Lord Bishop, Longyuan Village will definitely fail the Level 3 Heavenly Punishment Assessment. The strength of Longyuan Village is definitely not comparable to that of our Guangming Village. We have a large number of missionaries who have mastered the talent of Guangming."

Several village priests are comforting themselves.

Paul nodded slightly: "Qin Feng! That damned Dragon Kingdom! This bishop will definitely make him regret it. Oh! God! I hope you will let me meet Qin Feng soon!"

At the same time, Longyuan Village, in the territory space.

Qin Feng had just finished refining a pot of medicinal pills when he heard the news that Wuzhuangguan had received the reward.

He is also a native of Longguo, and he is very pleased.

It is better for Wuzhuangguan to get the reward than to let Western Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and Nanbang get those bastards.

"It's almost time!"

Qin Feng muttered, put away the pill furnace, stopped pill concocting, and began to count the pill concocting harvest this time.

After a while, the inventory is over.

This time, I got a total of 23 second-order elixir and 4 third-order elixir.

He is very satisfied!

When he refines all these medicinal herbs, his strength can skyrocket!

Then he will be even more confident in dealing with the next Heavenly Punishment assessment.

His goal is to defeat the 5th-level Heavenly Punisher and win double the Heavenly Punishment reward.

Therefore, he must consider that the Heavenly Punisher may be an extreme powerhouse at the Earth level, and he has to go all out!

Earth-level limit, that is 1900 star combat power.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to refine the medicinal pills.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: Dawn has come, and the last "Lost Village" mission is over. The Blue Star Realm has established a total of 311,700 villages. 】

[Announcement to the whole world: The novice assessment period will end in one hour. At that time, those who have not reached level 10 will be directly obliterated. Please hurry up. 】

[Countdown: 60:00….59:59…59:58…]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were mourning sounds from countless novice villages.

Some people are broken down, some people are committing suicide, some people are going crazy, and some people are taking advantage of the chaos to kill people...

Qin Feng also felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

Time is running out, he has to hurry to refine the medicine pill.

But at this moment, Qiyue sent a telepathic communication.

Qiyue: "Master, the village tasks in the regional channel are over. This time, twenty-seven novice villages have established level 0 villages, plus our Longyuan Village, Yuelong Village, and Zhanxiong Village. Area 1 There are thirty novice villages, established villages."

Qin Feng: "Thirty is a 3% success rate. This probability is very low. After passing the punishment test, there are still ten. I don't know if there are ten."

Qiyue: "Master, among the 27 newly-built villages, you may never imagine who built one."

Qin Feng: "Who?"

Qiyue: "Miyamoto waves!"

Qin Feng was a little surprised: "Miyamoto Lang was so badly treated by me, can he still build a village?"

Qiyue also sighed: "Yeah! Master, Miyamoto Lang was indeed treated badly by you. They all said that before the master appeared, Miyamoto Lang was known as the first powerhouse in District 1, because he mastered A level space talent."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Spatial talent?

Isn't that exactly what he needs!

If he wants to get SSS-level chaos talent, he must master time talent and space talent.

At present, the dark messenger and the light messenger under his seat clearly master the talent of time and space.

It's just that he didn't master any of it himself.

He was worrying about how to get time and space talent.

The current Miyamoto wave seems to be an opportunity!

At this time, Qiyue's spiritual voice transmission came again.

Qiyue: "Master, that Miyamoto Rang has risen all the way to level 11 by relying on his spatial talent, and he has successfully established a village today. However, the villagers in their village are very miserable. When the novice assessment period is over, there should be few living people. already."

"Miyamoto Lang is very anxious now. He has been jumping up and down in the regional channel, shouting that we should let Longyuan Village send energy stones to all level 9 novices in District 1 for free, and help those level 9 to do the final sprint."

"He said that this is what our Longyuan Village should help, and we must help. If we don't help Longyuan Village, it will be inhumane, and it will be an enemy of the entire regional channel."

"He also threatened that if we don't help, let us in Longyuan Village wait. When the novice assessment is over, all the villages will have no space seal. They can form an alliance army and seek justice from our Longyuan Village."

"They also said that in history, the Allied Forces of Eight Pots invaded the Dragon Country. This time, if we dare not help, we don't mind sending an Allied Force of Eighty Nations to kill our Longyuan Village."

"As soon as his remarks came out, Western Baipi, Asan, and Nanbang followed suit and shouted, all of them were very arrogant. We Longyuan villagers were almost mad at them, and they wanted to shoot them to death. them."

Speaking of this, the little girl was also annoyed.

Qin Feng also laughed angrily.

These dog things really can't be changed to eat shit!

Everything was as expected by 957. At the last moment, those dog things started to go crazy and bite people everywhere.

Qin Feng sneered: "If the sky wants to die, it will make it crazy! Ignore those idiots first, and then deal with them when the punishment assessment is over. We just happen to be short of slaves!"

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, I think so too."

Soon, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng stopped wasting time and started refining medicine pills with all his strength...

Time passed minute by minute.

Ten minutes passed by the outside world, and fifty minutes passed by the zero-degree space.

In a blink of an eye, four hours passed in the zero-degree space.

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng's eyes slowly opened and closed, filled with joy.

He refined all those medicinal pills.

This refinement made his combat power skyrocket to 1597 stars.

"It's almost time!"

Qin Feng glanced at the Tiandao screen, and there were 9 minutes left in the countdown.

At this moment, the space in front of him was distorted, and Xiao Luan'er burst out.

"Dad! I'm back!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he shouted happily.

Qin Feng looked at it, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it had risen by another level, and it was already level 17.

It can be seen that the little guy worked very hard this night.

In order to cope with the punishment assessment, it is also desperately killing monsters to upgrade.

With this upgrade, the little guy has increased his 20-star combat power, and the progress is not small.

At this time, Qi Yue's spiritual communication came.

"Master, in seven minutes, the novice assessment will end. Everyone has arrived at the headquarters of Longyuan Village and is anxiously waiting for you to come."

"Okay! I'll be there!"

Qin Feng got up slowly.

The Heavenly Punishment Assessment will be held at the headquarters of Longyuan Village.

All the villagers of Longyuan went to the headquarters of Longyuan Village.

"Little guy, the punishment assessment is about to start, let's go to the headquarters!"

"Um!"

At the moment, one person and one pet figure flashed, and disappeared into the room out of thin air.

Chapter 269 Promotion to Longyuan Town

It didn't take long for Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er to appear in Tayue Town Square.

One person and one pet went directly to the teleportation array, turned into white light, and teleported to the headquarters of Longyuan Village...

At the same time, the headquarters of Longyuan Village.

In that square, more than 15,000 people gathered densely.

All Longyuan villagers have arrived here.

According to the rules of the Heavenly Punishment Assessment, the Heavenly Punisher will come to attack the village headquarters, so everyone rushed here to prepare to deal with the Heavenly Punishment together.

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the field, and everyone's faces were full of tension and anxiety.

"Brothers, in three minutes, the novice assessment will end. I'm so nervous!"

"Yeah! I'm also a little flustered for no reason!"

"When the novice assessment is over, I guess we can't be called novice, right? I don't know what we will be called in the future?"

"Brother, you are still thinking about these messes. Now I only care if I can pass the Heavenly Punishment test?"

"Yes! I'm also worried about the punishment!"

"Hey! Thinking of the Heavenly Punishment assessment, my little sister is so nervous! You said, can we pass the Heavenly Punishment?"

"Should be able to!"

"It's up to Boss Qin Feng!"

"Yes! The 4th-level Heavenly Punisher is a powerhouse in the Nine Heavens. We are ants in front of him, and it can't work at all. Only the boss can deal with him."

"By the way, why hasn't the boss come yet?"