Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Yes! The boss won't be still in Tayue Town, right?"

"It's so worrying! If he doesn't show up, it's useless for more than 15,000 of us to arrive!"

At this moment, everyone was anxious.

Om~!

At this moment, the teleportation array in the center of the square lit up with white light.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in the array.

Xiao Luan'er had shrunk long ago and turned into a heroic and lovely bird, lying on Qin Feng's shoulder.

When they appeared, the audience immediately became a sensation.

"The boss is here! The boss is finally here!"

"I knew that the boss would be there in time!"

"Woooo! Seeing the boss again, the little sister is so excited!"

"Hey! The boss's temperament seems to be a little different."

"Yes! He's even more handsome than before!"

Soon, everyone found that Qin Feng's temperament had changed, and it was more sacred and noble than before.

All the female villagers were amazed.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

In the crowd, Liu Xuan, Qishan and others came forward to greet them with joy.

Qin Feng nodded slightly and looked at the audience.

"Everyone's here?"

"Go back to the master, all the villagers have arrived, just waiting for the punishment to come."

Qishan responded respectfully.

"it is good!"

Qin Feng waved his hand and released Qiyue.

Boom~!

Afterwards, he released the wings of the wind, soared into the sky, and stayed in the air.

Everyone looked up.

They knew that when the boss flew into the air, he was waiting for the punisher.

But he said that as soon as Qin Feng flew into the air, he secretly thought that the time was almost up.

Immediately, he opened the village chief operation interface, glanced at the progress of the village upgrade, and showed a satisfied smile.

Longyuan Village reached the level 5 village upgrade standard half an hour ago.

At that time, he was refining medicinal pills, so he ignored it.

Now that all the chores are done, it's time to upgrade!

Thinking of this, he pressed the 'one-key upgrade'...

At the same time, news came from Tiandao.

[Announcement to the whole world: The countdown is 0, and the novice assessment period is over! Anyone who is less than level 10 will be immediately obliterated! Those who are above level 10 will be rewarded with 100 attribute points! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, an invisible aura shrouded in the sky above all the novice villages, endless, boundless!

That is the arrival of heaven!

At that moment, everyone's breath was locked by Tianwei, which made everyone's heart palpitate.

The next second, the sky above the major villages.

Nine days of thunder, heaven and earth roar!

One after another black lightning, falling from the sky...

That's killing the losers!

Another white beam of light descended from the sky...

That's rewarding those who pass!

At this moment, at the headquarters of Longyuan Village, the sky shook.

Thousands of reward beams of light fell from the sky and fell on everyone, not a single punishment thunder beam...

Immediately, the attribute points of all the villagers skyrocketed, and they rose by 100 points in a blink of an eye.

Qin Feng and Xiao Luan also received 100 attribute rewards.

From time to time, cheers could be heard from the villagers…

But unlike Longyuan Village, other villages seem to be in purgatory, with countless black lightnings killing one newbie after another.

The shrill screams, one after another, are like purgatory on earth...

At the same time, District 1, Daying Village.

Ozakura Village is the village established by Rami Miyamoto.

At this moment, hundreds of black lightning bolts fell from the sky.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Every lightning strike will kill a Sakurajima citizen.

"Baga~! I don't want to die!...Ah~!"

"Jamaia fell! Jamaica fell! Ah~~!"

The shrill screams reverberated over the village.

In just a few seconds, the corpses of Osakura Village were all over the place, and the ground was scorched with corpses. Only Miyamoto Rami and Takeda Nobuo stood alone in the center of the corpse.

In the whole village, only the two of them survived.

"Lord Miyamoto, we are the only two left in our village."

Takeda Shin was a little sad.

Miyamoto Lang looked anxious: "Takeda-kun, hurry up! Hurry up and collect the resources on these corpses and donate them all in exchange for energy stones!"

At his urging, Takeda Nobuo suddenly realized.

No wonder Rami Miyamoto asked all the villagers to come to the square to gather.

It turned out that Miyamoto Lang knew that these people would die, and also knew that he could not pass the punishment test.

This guy just wanted to grab a power stone before the village was dissolved.

In order to save time, he fooled everyone into the square, so that he would not have to waste time looking for the body.

What's more, the novice assessment is over, and the next is the punishment assessment, and there is no time for him to find the body.

Nobuo Takeda knew that there was no delay, so he hurriedly searched for the remains of the corpses.

But as soon as he turned around, a knife light lit up behind him.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Miyamoto Rami made a sneak attack from behind, slashing Takeda Shin in half with one knife.

Before Takeda Shin was dying, his pupils were wide open.

He is dying!

"Jun Wutian! Qin Feng killed you! You can't blame me!"

"Anyway, you're only level 10, so it's hard for you to survive in this world. Why don't you exchange all your resources for energy stones. When I get stronger, I will definitely kill Qin Feng and avenge you!"

"Takeda-kun! I'm sorry!"

Rami Miyamoto bowed to Takeda Shin's body with great piety.

At this moment, he revealed the perfidious, greedy, shameless and filthy ugly faces of the people of Sakurajima.

The people of Sakurajima are so disgusting, they do something wicked, then give you a fake bow, and then go on.

After finishing those trivial matters, Miyamoto Lang began to search for those corpses.

In order to become stronger, he will not let go of his compatriots, selfishness is his nature...

In just ten seconds, Tiandao's punishment and reward ended.

The headquarters of Longyuan Village.

All the villagers were very excited.

I just got 100 attribute rewards, which is naturally a happy thing.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Regional Announcement: The novice assessment period has ended, and the number of people who passed the assessment in District 1 reached 83,700. 】

[Longyuan Village Reminder: After ten minutes, the Heavenly Punishment Assessment is about to begin, please prepare for the response in all villages. 】

As soon as the news came out, the square was full of sighs.

"Only 83,700 people passed the assessment in District 1. That is to say, over the past seven days, the cumulative number of deaths is nearly 920,000."

"Yeah! It's terrifying!"

"This is only our No. 1 District. How about the situation in other districts?"

"It's probably the same! In short, it's really cruel!"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Yeah! Dao is ruthless, we humans are just ants!"

"Everyone, don't think too much about it. In ten minutes, it will be the Heavenly Punishment Assessment, and the Level 4 Heavenly Punisher will come."

But as soon as these words fell, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Village Chief Qin Feng has upgraded Longyuan Village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: The village has been upgraded successfully! Longyuan Village has been upgraded from a level 4 village to a level 5 village…]

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 1600 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the village chief, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 3200 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 7. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and the villagers opened the permission to upgrade to level 6 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and the population cap was raised to 500,000. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and the upper limit of the teleportation array was increased to 100. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5 village, and the level 4 permission was opened for life occupation. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and the permission to create a Lingquan Well was opened. 】

[Longyuan Village has been successfully upgraded to level 5, and the meritorious appointment function has been activated. 】

[Longyuan Village was successfully upgraded to level 5, and Longyuan Village was promoted to Longyuan Town. 】

[Reminder: When a village reaches level 5 or above, it becomes a town. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the whole audience shook!

Then, there was a wailing in the field.

OMG!