Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When extracting Level 1 Bloodfang Rabbit, you will get 2 Strength attribute points.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Obviously, level 1 beasts are different from humans.

The level of the level 1 beast is too low, and it has no talent and ability itself, but its physical fitness is strong, so the extracted attribute points.

That being the case, he might as well go find Li Yue's body, and maybe get a new talent, which is more cost-effective.

Therefore, he chooses the path with the fewest people.

Because there are fewer people on the route, it is more prone to accidents.

Now, he doesn't know where everyone is going, and can only speculate through such logic.

Immediately, he carried his two knives and rushed in that direction...

[Announcement: Novice Zhou Cheng was killed by a level 1 vicious beast rodent giant rat! 】

Another dead!

It was also killed by a giant rodent!

Qin Feng was shocked.

The two most likely died in the same place.

The danger that this group of people encountered is more terrifying than I imagined!

At least a group of people couldn't handle it, and even two people died.

Are you still going?

He hesitated for a while, but hurried in that direction.

The so-called wealth and risk seek, how can you get opportunities without taking risks.

In this way, Qin Feng carefully shuttled through the bushes and grass, very cautiously.

This is a world full of crises, and if you are not careful, you really die.

There is only one life, and he must cherish it.

Besides, the place he was going could be extremely dangerous.

After a quarter of an hour, he came to a depression.

Before I got close, I smelled blood.

He hurriedly leaned on his waist and used the cover of lush weeds to approach the depression.

When he arrived, he saw that the depression was a mess, with footprints and claw prints everywhere, as well as broken bushes, and traces of fierce fighting.

At this moment, in the center of the depression, lie two broken corpses, one is a fat man in a chef's uniform, and the other is a woman in a black skirt.

The smell of blood in the air was extremely strong, and blood splattered all over the place.

Qin Feng was a little excited when he saw the two corpses.

His speculation was right, and he could extract two more talents.

However, he did not walk over immediately.

Because next to the two corpses, there was still a giant black rat, one meter long, with sharp teeth and sharp mouth, grim eyes, and a violent aura all over his body.

That should be the level 1 vicious beast rodent giant rat.

Now, Qin Feng has some understanding of this killing world.

The combat power of a level 1 beast is 3 stars, but it has no talents and skills.

And human beings have awakened their innate abilities.

This is a balance given by Heaven.

At present, Qin Feng's combat power assessment is 1 star.

It stands to reason that he is not the opponent of this giant rat.

Fortunately, the giant rodent in front of him had both broken hind legs and several blood cuts on his body, and was lying there on the brink of death.

Apparently, it was besieged by a group of people and was seriously injured here.

Then he can just pick up a leak.

A badly wounded giant rodent he was confident he could kill.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng leaned on his waist and approached the giant rodent mouse under the cover of the grass.

Five meters...four meters...three meters...two meters...

Just when Qin Feng was only one meter away from the giant rodent rat, the giant rat seemed to sense it, immediately woke up from the state of confusion, and raised his head suddenly...

Qin Feng hurriedly rushed over, the knife in his left hand flashed, and the knife was directly inserted into the throat of the giant mouse...

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The giant rat screamed!

It wanted to dodge, but its two hind legs were broken, and it couldn't dodge at all.

In a critical moment, it slapped the steel knife directly with its claw.

Pa~!

The giant rat is extremely powerful.

The steel knife was shot straight away.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's right hand flashed a cold light, and another steel knife was inserted into it.

This is his aftermath!

puff~!

Blood shot!

With the strengthening of the talent of power madness, Qin Feng pierced the thick fur of the beast with one knife and plunged into the throat of the giant mouse...

Squeak... Squeak...!

The giant rat let out a piercing scream.

huh~!

Qin Feng pulled out the steel knife!

The blood shot out more than ten feet away.

cluck... cluck...!

The giant rat made a strange noise in its throat, blood gurgled from its throat and mouth, and finally fell to the ground with a tilt of its head.

A level 1 beast that needed four or five people to besiege to kill was just missed by him.

Om~!

At this time, a white light flew from the giant mouse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Succeeded in killing a level 1 giant rodent, and obtained +30 energy points! 】

Qin Feng suddenly felt warm and comfortable.

At the same time, the level column appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 1 (30/100)

Kill a level 1 beast, get 30 energy, level from level 1 (0/100) to level 1 (30/100).

That is to say, with 100 energy points, he can be promoted to level 2.

This is a good start.

Qin Feng was quite happy, walked up again, and put one hand on the giant rodent...

A flash of white light flashed!

The feeling of comfort spreads throughout the body again.

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 Dexterity Attributes! 】

good!

His agility index has risen to 11 points, which has exceeded the normal value of an adult, and his strength has increased again.

Right now, there are two greater benefits.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the woman's body beside him

Chapter 5 Two Stars! Combat power up!

When he came to the woman's body, Qin Feng put his palm on the woman...

Om~!

White light flashes!

【Endless extraction success! Get the E-level talent - Speed ​​Enhancement! 】

[Speed ​​enhancement: Speed ​​talent, double the speed! 】

Cool!

Another talent!

Speed ​​enhancement is agility enhancement.

In this way, under the influence of this talent, his agility index is equivalent to 22 points, which is twice that of an adult.

This made his strength rise a lot!

Then, Qin Feng walked to the fat man's body again.

The guy was wearing chef clothes and should have been a chef before his death.

Qin Feng put his palm on the fat man...

Om~!

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the F-rank talent - Enhanced Sense of Smell! 】

[Strengthen the sense of smell: The sense of smell is strengthened tenfold! 】

This time, the talent extracted this time was actually the worst level of talent, one of the six sense enhancements.

But Qin Feng was ecstatic when he received this information.

The enhanced sense of smell had a great effect on him.

This grassland is very vast, and it is not easy for him to find all kinds of corpses.

Now that his sense of smell is ten times stronger, he can rely on the smell of blood to find corpses, which is ten times easier than before.

At the same time, he can also rely on his sense of smell to smell the odor of the beast and avoid some dangers in advance.

Therefore, this enhancement of the sense of smell is too great for him.

Soon, Qin Feng finished cleaning the battlefield.

He retrieved the steel knife that was slapped by the giant rat...

He picked up the two deceased novice knives, wrapped them in the fat man's chef's uniform, and carried them on his back.

These things are resources that can be exchanged for materials with others.

After doing this, he checked his data again, and was greatly relieved.

In less than an hour, his strength and agility index reached the adult standard, and he also obtained three innate abilities.

Today, on the surface, his combat power is 1 star.

With a variety of innate abilities, his comprehensive strength can definitely reach 2 stars, and may even reach the limit of 2 stars.

After all, the combat power evaluation only looks at the four-dimensional index, not including talent.

Because talent is changeable, it cannot be calculated.

But in this way, the combat power evaluation given by Tiandao can only be used as a reference.