Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! It's so cool this time! My attribute has increased by 20 points, which is equivalent to a half-level increase, and my strength has increased a lot!"

"Yeah! I'm level 1. After getting 20 attributes, my combat power has increased to 2 stars."

"Haha! I'm level 2, and my combat power has now increased to 3 stars. If you count my talent, I can hunt down level 1 beasts by myself, but it's a bit difficult!"

"Fuck~! Everyone has made progress! Our No. 911 Novice Village is mighty!"

"Upstairs, it's not our mighty, but the mighty Qin Feng!"

"That's right! Without Big Brother Qin Feng, we can't win this bet at all!"

"Yeah! It's just that Qin Feng is too low-key and has rarely spoken!"

"He must be busy, let's not disturb him."

"Yeah! Having said that, there are more beasts now, and everyone's strength has become stronger, and the upgrade should be faster."

"That's right! I'm so excited right now! Tonight, I'm going to fight until dawn!"

"Haha! I'm going to fight until dawn. If I don't get to level 3, I won't sleep tonight!"

"Mad! The novice test is too difficult! I've been promoted to level 10 in seven days, but I'm only level 1 now, and this day will be over. Even if I go to sleep, I can't sleep!"

As soon as these words came out, many people became anxious.

yes!

The novice exam is too difficult!

If they are less than level 10 in seven days, they will die!

"Well said upstairs! We have to level up! Level up! Level up again! I don't want to die!"

"I don't want to die either!"

"I still want to enter the top 100, get an upgrade reward!"

"By the way, everyone, everyone's strength has improved. Are there any level 2 powerhouses willing to go to the level 3 vicious beast area with me and hunt down the level 3 vicious beasts? The level 3 vicious beasts have more energy!"

"I go!"

"I'll go as well!"

"Haha! The corpse of a level 3 beast can be exchanged for 10 pounds of barbecued meat from Qin Feng. Now the barbecued meat is in short supply!"

"By the way, three corpses of level 4 beasts can be exchanged for a level 1 steel knife from boss Qin Feng. Are there any level 3 bosses teaming up to kill level 4 beasts? I am level 3! "

"Tier 1 weapon! This is too tempting. I'm also Tier 3. I'll sign up for one!"

"I'm also level 3, and I want to sign up too!"

"Fuck~! You guys are going to kill level 4 beasts! I'm so envious!"

At this moment, the chat channel was boiling.

Many level 2 powerhouses, one by one, asked to form a team and go to the level 3 beast area to kill monsters.

Even some level 3 masters actually wanted to form a team to hunt down level 4 beasts.

"interesting!"

Qin Feng looked at all this with a smile on his face.

For such a situation, he is happy to see it happen.

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged the corpse of the level 3 beast white fox for your 10 jins of barbecued meat. 】

what!

Another benefit!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and the white light flashed in front of him, and there was an extra white fox corpse.

Just as he was about to step forward to extract it, his expression suddenly changed, and he looked up at the bushes in front of him.

In the dark night, there was a rustling noise in the trees.

After a while, a strange wolf with a body length of two meters and a **** sharp horn emerged from the bushes.

Its bloodthirsty eyes stared at the corpse of the giant tiger beside Qin Feng's feet, and then at the bear's paw on the bonfire.

It turned out that it was attracted by the smell of blood and meat.

Finally, its eyes flowed and fell on Qin Feng.

Ha ha!

A small level 5 human actually broke into the area of ​​level 6 beasts!

It's just courting death!

There was disdain in the monster wolf's eyes!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It completely ignored Qin Feng.

Aww~!

With a low roar, its figure flashed, and it rushed towards...

Qin Feng was holding a cigarette butt, the corner of his mouth was slightly upturned, and the sword light flashed in his hand.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one knife, he slashed the monster in half, bleeding all over the floor.

And he sat there, not moving half a minute.

[Succeeded in killing the Level 6 Bloodthirsty Horned Wolf and gained +210 Energy Points. 】

Sure enough!

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He had long thought that the **** smell of the giant tiger's corpse and the smell of roasted bear's paws would definitely attract other beasts.

This is indeed the case!

He is just like Jiang Taigong, sitting here and fishing straight, and wishing that he will take the bait.

Immediately, he stepped forward to extract the bodies of the white fox and the strange wolf.

Got 2 points of energy and 2 points of agility respectively!

Another nice gain!

Bang~!

Qin Feng kicked the corpse of the strange wolf into the mountain stream with a random kick.

The blood of the corpse flows downstream along the stream...

This can spread the smell of blood far away and attract more beasts.

Goo~! Goo~! Goo~!

At this time, the water in the stone pot boiled.

The bear paws on the bonfire also smelled of meat.

The bear paws are also ripe!

Qin Feng chopped down a bamboo by the mountain stream, took out a bamboo tube, and made a bamboo cup.

Afterwards, he used a bamboo cup to take a cup of hot water from the stone pot.

In this way, he drank hot water while eating barbecue.

The night is beautiful!

Like ink, like water.

Qin Feng ate and drank beautifully while waiting for the beast to come to the door.

Feeling very comfortable!

Chapter 33 Winning the Gambling Order

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, two hours passed.

There were more than 20 corpses at Qin Feng's feet.

Thirteen corpses of level 3 beasts and eleven corpses of level 6 beasts...

Those level 6 beasts were killed by him!

Level 3 vicious beast corpse, obtained through trade.

He has already extracted all, and the harvest is full of pots.

At this moment, he was smoking a cigarette and silently looking at the corpses all over the floor.

It has been a long time, and no beasts have come.

It seems that the beasts in this area have been almost killed by him, and it is time for him to act.

Having said that, there are five types of level 3 beasts.

There are four kinds, he has already extracted the upper limit, and only one white fox is left.

There were only four types of level 6 beasts, and he had already filled up three, and only Dark Night Owl was short of two.

He originally planned to go to the level 7 ferocious beast area after the extraction of level 6 was complete.

Now it seems that there is no need to wait.

There was no night owl in this area for a long time, so I could only look for it in another place.

This time, Tiandao opened the map rewards for levels 1 to 10, and also opened the 1-10 level of beast illustrations.

Of course, those ominous beasts illustrated only the introduction of ordinary ominous beasts, but there was no introduction of mutant and king rank.

It was because of the Ferocious Beast Illustration that he knew that there were five types of level 3 beasts and four types of level 6 beasts.

Whoo~!

Qin Feng let out a string of smoke leisurely, and then flicked the cigarette **** into the fire.

He checked his level progress: level 5 (2570/3000).

Not far from level 6.

Then, he checked the rankings again.

[No. 911 Novice Village Level Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng, level 5

Second place: Liu Xuan, level 4.

Second place: Longshan, level 4.

Third place: Wu Yong, level 3.

Fifth place: Gu Ming, level 3

6th place, Lei Jue, level 3

7th place: Yu Wen, level 3

…

good! good!

Two hours later, Liu Xuan and Longshan have been upgraded to level 4 one after another.

There were also 21 people who had reached level 3.

Those who entered the top 100, without exception, were all level 2.

It can be seen that everyone is working hard.