Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1900 star power!

It is really the ultimate powerhouse at the earth level!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Fortunately, he did not take it lightly and always aimed at the limit of the prefecture level.

At the same time, the crowd below muttered.

"The Heavenly Punisher has appeared! What kind of strength do you think this Heavenly Punisher is?"

"He is too powerful. With our ability, we can't see through it at all!"

Only after these words fell, the Heaven Punisher in the air moved.

I saw that he glanced at the people below lightly, without stopping at all, and finally his eyes fell on Qin Feng, showing a trace of respect.

He felt Qin Feng's strength.

This is a respectable opponent!

"Heavenly Punisher - Burning the Sky! Execute Longyuan Village's Heavenly Punishment! My combat power is 1900 stars!"

According to the rules of divine punishment, he needs to introduce his name and strength to prepare candidates for the test.

This is also a greeting from Tiandao to challengers.

Boom~!

As soon as the sentence of the punisher 'Zhao Kong' fell, there was a wailing below.

OMG!

1900-star combat power!

Isn't that the ultimate combat power at the prefecture level!

They were still praying just now, but God sent a weak one, but unexpectedly sent a strongest one.

Done! Done!

It's really over!

But before everyone could cry, there was another space distortion above the sky.

Then, another black-robed old man appeared out of thin air.

The black robe that the old man wore was exactly the same style as Burning Sky's black robe, and he was actually a punisher.

As soon as the old man appeared, he looked around, and finally his eyes fell on Qin Feng, showing respect.

Finally, he looked at Qin Feng and said, "The punisher - Jiuyou! Execute the punishment of Longyuan Village! My combat power is 1900 stars!"

Boom~!

Everyone below was shocked and completely desperate!

Omg!

Just come to a prefecture-level limit!

Two of them came at once!

This time it's a complete bullshit!

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

"Two people, in the Heavenly Punishment Assessment, isn't there only one Heavenly Punisher? Why are there two people in my Longyuan Village?"

Jiuyou smiled slightly: "Little friend, the situation in your Longyuan Village is different. Every time you level up your village, you get twice as much benefit as a village at the same level. Naturally, the punishment from heaven is also from a village at the same level. double!"

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng was stunned.

Below, everyone is completely dead.

They thought it was the way of heaven who made a mistake, but now it seems that they are really dead.

Chapter 271 is a one-vs-two! Battle of the Gods!

"It's over! It's really over now!"

"Woo~woo~! The rewards of the Heavenly Punishment Assessment are no longer with us!"

"Don't talk about rewards, what we have to face next is punishment!"

In the square, everyone was muttering constantly, all of them pessimistic.

Above the sky, after Jiuyou finished explaining, Qin Feng seemed to think of something, and his heart moved.

"Senior Jiuyou, I have a question, I want to ask you for advice!"

"Speak up, little friend!"

Jiuyou seems to be very patient.

In fact, the Heavenly Punishers are all very proud, and they have always been dismissive of the test takers.

It's just that they have some exceptions to Qin Feng.

Of course, people don't - know about this.

At this time, Qin Feng asked: "Senior, since the difficulty of Heavenly Punishment in our Longyuan Town is doubled, will the reward be doubled if we pass the Heavenly Punishment assessment?"

Jiuyou smiled and nodded: "That's true! For other villages and towns to pass the 5th-level punishment, the villagers will be rewarded with 600 attributes, and the village chief will receive 8,000 attributes. If you pass, the villagers will get 1,200 attributes, and the village chief will get 16,000 attributes."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

The reward is really doubled!

The big opportunity is here!

The people below listened numbly.

They feel that they have missed the chance to double or not.

Qin Feng asked again: "Senior, if the junior defeats the two of you with one against two, will the reward be doubled again?"

The two of Jiuyou were stunned for a moment, and they couldn't help looking at each other on the ground.

This kid is crazy!

Based on the ability of their Heavenly Punisher, it has long been seen that Qin Feng's combat power is 1660 stars.

Because of this, they value Qin Feng and are very polite to Qin Feng.

But to say that Qin Feng can defeat them with one enemy and two is a joke.

You know, their combat power is all 1900 stars!

They can beat Qin Feng with a single shot.

What's more, they are two people working together, Qin Feng will lose.

Having said that, if they can defeat the two of them and join forces, they will be called the strongest under heaven.

At least in hundreds of areas in the radius, it can afford such a title.

With Qin Feng's combat power of more than 1,600 stars, it is absolutely impossible to do it.

But, young man!

Being young is inevitable!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

They understood Qin Feng's mentality, but they didn't say anything ironic, but they didn't care.

What's more, Qin Feng is indeed excellent and has a promising future.

Immediately, Jiuyou said: "Little friend is right! If you can win the two of us, the reward will be doubled again. That is, you villagers can get 2,400 attribute points, and you can get 32,000 attribute points. "

hiss~!

32,000 attribute points!

As soon as these words came out, the villagers who had given up long ago were still slightly moved.

The number of rewards is terrifying!

They can never imagine it!

However, this seems to have nothing to do with the boss, right?

He wouldn't really be able to win the two extreme punishments, would he?

Everyone shook their heads in their hearts, feeling that it was impossible.

If true, they must be dreaming.

After Qin Feng heard it, his heart was extremely hot.

At this time, Jiuyou said again: "Little friend, this old man reminds you. The reward is double, and the punishment is double. If the assessment fails, your village will be demoted by two levels!"

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked, and their faces were pale!

The consequences are more serious than they imagined!

At this moment, Zhuo Kong also interjected: "Young friend Qin Feng, time is running out. I'll wait to get started! You must already know the rules. Simply put, if you can stick with us for an hour, that's fine. You pass."

As soon as these words fell, all the villagers became nervous and looked up into the air one by one.

The examination is finally about to begin!

Qin Feng also took a deep breath and was about to fit in with Xiao Luan'er.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Regional Announcement: Daysakura Village's Heavenly Punishment Assessment failed, and the village was automatically disbanded. 】

There was an uproar!

The penalty assessment has only started today, and Da Ying Village has failed!

It seems that the divine punishment assessment is really difficult!

This news made everyone's emotions depressed again.

Qin Feng pondered in his heart that with Miyamoto Lang's urination, most of them would voluntarily admit defeat.

"Little friend, it's time for the old man!"

At this time, Jiuyou took out a black token with a golden lightning mark on the front.

"Senior, time it!"

"it is good!"

Kacha~!

Jiuyou crushed the token.

Immediately, a heavenly reminder resounded in the hearts of everyone.

[Longyuan Town reminder: Longyuan Town level 5 punishment begins, countdown 60:00…59:59….59:58….]

Heavenly Punishment Examination!

Finally started!

Everyone below looked up nervously.

Although they were desperate, there was still a little hope in their hearts.

At this time, Jiuyou and Zhuokong's thoughts moved, and their momentum erupted.

Boom~! Boom~!

The two auras soared into the sky, shocking the sky!

In the next second, Jiuyou held the sword and Zhuokong held the spear.

As soon as the weapon appeared, the thunder exploded!

噼~li~pa~la!

The two of them were enveloped by thousands of thunder lights at the same time, as if two ancient gods of thunder had descended, and countless mad thunder blasted all around, shaking the sky and the earth, and the momentum was astonishing.