Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, the coercion of the two of them was overwhelming, covering the sky and the ground, pressing down on the audience.

Under the pressure, everyone was frightened, terrified, and desperate.

OMG!

Is this the aura of the ultimate powerhouse?

This is completely two gods!

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng pinched the psychic seal, and instantly merged with Xiao Luan'er psychic!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed, one after another, extremely terrifying.

That momentum is completely beyond the two of Jiuyou!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's aura soared to its peak, and suddenly it was also a 1900-star combat power, which was no different from Jiuyou and the other two.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, a pair of sky-reaching phoenix wings were born on his back, and his whole body was also covered with phoenix feather armor, which was extraordinary!

00

So far, the psychic integration is complete.

Qin Feng raised the Dragon Sword!

Ow~!

A dragon roar!

Ringing for nine days!

There is still a vague shadow of a golden dragon, which appears behind him, slowly opening his eyes, overlooking the crowd, to look at the world!

The monstrous dragon power also emerged, covering the sky and the ground, covering the audience.

At this moment, Qin Feng is like a **** in the world, and he dominates the scene!

Everyone was shocked!

Eyes wide open!

OMG!

The boss's aura and coercion were not at all under the two powerhouses of Heavenly Punishment.

At this moment, it seemed as if three gods were confronting each other in the air.

After being amazed, everyone's eyes lit up and they were extremely excited.

Ha ha!

It turns out that their boss is so strong!

It has reached the extreme powerhouse level of the prefecture level!

"Hey! It's interesting!"

"Little friend, the old man underestimated you before!"

The two of Jiuyou were not surprised but delighted, and a monstrous fighting intent erupted in their eyes.

"Go!"

Boom~! Boom~!

Thunder~! Li~! Click~! chah~!

In the next second, the two of them carried the thunder light that destroyed the sky and the earth, and killed Qin Feng at the same time!

For a time, a radius of dozens of miles was filled with thunder light!

"Just in time!"

Boom~!

Qin Feng's whole body burst into golden flames, one after another.

In the next second, he took the sea of ​​flames in the sky and took the initiative to face it.

Is this the momentum of the extreme powerhouse shot?

too horrible!

The people below were stunned!

Boom~Long~Long!

In the blink of an eye, the three people in the air came close!

Swish~!

Jiuyou slashed at Qin Feng with one sword!

That sword slashed away, the sword rushed for thousands of miles, slashing the sky and destroying the earth!

huh~!

Zhuo Kong also shot at Qin Feng!

That shot blasted away, swallowing mountains and rivers in anger, and it could wipe out thousands of miles of rivers and mountains!

Swish~!

Qin Feng met the attack of the two with one knife!

He slashed out with one knife, like opening up the world, and it can make the world collapse!

In the blink of an eye, the three attacks collided together!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

Make the world change color!

Make the gods and demons of the three realms shake!

The whole world seems to be falling apart!

Above the sky, a dazzling explosion of white light lit up, one after another!

The people below were shaken by the huge explosion sound waves, causing their blood to churn.

OMG!

Is this a fight between extreme powerhouses?

powerful!

too strong!

Frighteningly powerful!

The people below are trembling!

When the white light of the explosion disappeared, the figures of Qin Feng and the three of them reappeared.

Oh my God!

The boss is one to two!

It was a draw!

Everyone was stunned!

Immediately, they were all ecstatic in their hearts!

Chapter 272 Time Talent Showdown! Win a fight!

Excited!

too excited!

At this moment, the hearts of everyone in Long Yuan were surging.

They saw hope of victory!

At the same time, above nine days.

Jiuyou and Zhuokong also looked at Qin Feng in shock.

They didn't expect that Qin Feng would be tied with them at the first meeting.

It seems that they still underestimated Qin Feng before!

In the fight just now, they felt that Qin Feng had mastered the talent of the A-level law of force.

This is a rare talent!

In addition, the weapons in Qin Feng's hands seem to have reached the sixth-order peak level, which is stronger than the weapons in their hands.

The weapons in their hands are all ordinary six-tiered.

Because of this, Qin Feng was able to tie the two with one enemy and two.

"Little friend, it's not bad!"

"Qin Feng, you are a bit interesting! It seems that you are worth our efforts!"

Jiuyou and Zhuokong's eyes became more and more hot.

The two of them are getting more and more excited!

They haven't met an equal opponent for a long time.

Today, you can open your arms and fight!

Qin Feng's heart is also hot.

Fighting with these two also completely stimulated his fighting spirit.

"Let's come again!"

Qin Feng declared war aggressively!

Swish~!

In the next second, he took the initiative to kill the two of them.

"Haha! Little friend, it's just right! The Thunder Pond is coming!"

The two of Jiuyou choked at the same time.

In a short time, the space in front of a hundred miles was rapidly twisted.

An incomparably huge thunder pool descended out of thin air.

Thousands of thunders with thick arms danced wildly in the pool!

Pai~! Li~! Pa~! La~!

Every mad thunder, the whole body is dark blue, like a nine secluded mad dragon, with the power of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

Where the thunder light flows, the sky and the earth are cracked, and the space is shattered by every inch!

The power of just a mad thunder is extremely terrifying, and it can kill the Jiuzhongtian powerhouse on the spot.

If it is hit by thousands of wild lightnings, it is enough to kill an earth-level extreme powerhouse.

Qin Feng did not expect that as soon as he rushed over, the other party teamed up to lower the Jiutian Thunder Pond, covering a radius of 100 miles.

Of course he is unavoidable!

Swish~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng involuntarily rushed into the thunder pool.

噼~! Li~! Pa~! La~!

Suddenly, thousands of mad thunders rushed towards him, engulfing him in an instant.