Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The eyes of Jiuyou two showed joy.

The Earth-level extreme powerhouse was engulfed by the Thunder Pond, and even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured.

"not good!"

"The boss was swallowed by lightning!"

The people below were even more exclaimed!

Boom~!

But at this moment, there was a loud bang!

Qin Feng slammed into the ground, wrapped his body in thunder light, and rushed out of the thunder pool, but he was unharmed.

"Are you all right?!"

Jiuyou and the two were dumbfounded, and they were all secretly surprised.

This kid definitely has an A-level thunder talent!

Only when the thunder talent reaches A rank can they, like them, not be injured by the thunder pool, and can come and go freely in it like water.

good boy!

This guy has a lot of talent!

"Haha! Disappointing the two of you! Your thunder pool is invalid for me!"

Qin Feng killed the two in the blink of an eye.

Jiuyou two quickly stepped forward to meet!

Seeing that, the three of them are about to collide again.

huh~!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

But at this moment, Qin Feng suddenly disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared strangely behind Zhuo Kong and slashed at Zhuo Kong's back!

Teleport!

It is Xiao Luan'er's space skills!

That knife slashed, the space shattered inch by inch, and it was extremely terrifying!

"It's teleportation!"

The two of them exclaimed at the same time.

But in the next second, a mutation will occur.

huh~!

The burning sky also disappeared out of thin air.

Even Jiuyou, not far away, disappeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng suddenly fell out of thin air.

He was stunned.

But before he thought about it, the space behind him suddenly distorted, and Zhuo Kong appeared strangely behind him and shot him in the back.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That gun pierced through the void, and its power destroyed the sky and the earth.

"Haha! Brother Qin Feng, Zhuo will also teleport!"

Qin Feng was surprised, turned around and took a knife, facing the shot of Zhuokong.

But as soon as he turned around, Jiuyou appeared strangely behind him and stabbed his back with a sword.

"Little friend, the old man will also teleport!"

Qin Feng is depressed!

At this moment, it was too late for him to avoid Jiuyou's sword.

At this critical moment, his whole body lit up with golden light.

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The Holy Shield of Light came out of the body and met Jiuyou's sword.

When~!

Gold and iron symphony!

All worlds are shattered!

In an instant, the Holy Shield of Light blocked Jiuyou's sword.

At the same time, Qin Feng also slashed Zhuokong back with a knife, slicing it out a hundred feet away.

However, although the Holy Shield of Light blocked the attack, Qin Feng was also knocked back several dozen feet by Jiu You's sword.

This situation is almost a draw.

"Haha! Little friend, fight again!"

Jiuyou laughed and attacked Qin Feng again.

Zhuokong also killed the past.

Qin Feng stepped forward to meet him.

The two sides fought on this, but neither could do anything to the other.

Suddenly, the killing in the field was dark, the space was broken, and the ghosts and gods were shocked.

The three of them are like gods fighting, constantly teleporting and interspersing, and they are all destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

It seems that in the next second, the world will collapse and the universe will end.

The scene is terrifying!

Below, everyone was shocked and stunned.

At this moment, they couldn't help muttering in their hearts.

Such a level of battle is not something they are qualified to be involved in.

Before, they thought that the ants would kill the elephants to harass the punisher.

Now, it looks like a joke!

The outcome of this day's penalty assessment is entirely up to the boss!

Thinking of this, everyone's hearts are suspended, and everyone's hearts are tied to Qin Feng alone.

Time just passed by minute by minute!

Every minute that passed, everyone felt a little bit of joy in their hearts.

They thought, as long as the boss can survive an hour with a tie, they will pass the punishment test!

In a blink of an eye, fifty minutes passed.

The two sides are still undefeated!

The joy in the eyes of the people below became stronger and stronger.

As long as you persist for another ten minutes, Longyuan Town will pass the Heavenly Punishment Test!

Qin Feng became more and more anxious in his heart.

What he wants is to defeat the Heavenly Punisher and win double the reward, not just pass the Heavenly Punishment assessment.

It was at this moment that the field changed abruptly.

"Space Blockade!"

Jiuyou and Zhuokong simultaneously pinched the seal.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

Immediately afterwards, an invisible force spread to the surroundings, covering a hundred miles of space.

In the next second, Qin Feng was shocked to find that the surrounding space was imprisoned, and he could no longer perform an instant.

Of course, the two of Jiuyou couldn't use teleportation either.

However, they just want to ban Qin Feng's teleportation ability.

"Little friend, it's over!"

Jiuyou smiled strangely, and immediately pinched a seal.

Om~!

Time Skill - Slow!

In just a moment, Jiuyou applied a time skill 'slow' on Qin Feng.

As long as he is slow, within ten seconds, the flow of time on Qin Feng's body will be twice as slow as the outside world.

The result is that Qin Feng's speed has doubled.

In master combat, speed is particularly important.

Twice the speed, extremely deadly!

Om~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked, and he was immediately hit.

He was astonished.

Unexpectedly, Jiuyou actually mastered the talent of time.

The next second, he saw that Jiuyou and Zhuokong were slaughtered at the same time.

However, the speed of the two has doubled, which is terrifyingly fast.

At that speed, Qin Feng couldn't avoid their attack at all.

In fact, it's not that the speed of Jiuyou and the others has become faster, but that Qin Feng's own perspective has doubled.

Everything in the outside world has doubled the speed for him.

In the blink of an eye, the two of Jiuyou killed Qin Feng.

Qin Feng shot.

The two easily avoided Qin Feng's attack.

It's too slow!

They can be easily avoided!

In the next second, the two of them were about to take action, and in one fell swoop, Qin Feng was severely damaged and defeated.

At the same moment, everyone below saw that something was wrong, and their expressions changed drastically.

Just when everyone didn't know what to do, a petite figure rushed forward, quickly moved the seal in his hand, and cast it away at Qin Feng.

Time Skill - Speed ​​Up!

The person who shot is Qiyue!

It turned out that not long ago, she became an emissary of darkness and obtained an A-level talent - after the awakening of the six senses, not only the time force field was strengthened to five times, but also a new skill was awakened.

That is - time acceleration.

Cast it on the target, and within three seconds, the time will be accelerated five times!

Om~!

For a moment, above the sky.

Qin Feng sensed that he was possessed by Qiyue's time skills.