Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the flow of time in his body increased fivefold.

After deducting the time before it slowed down, as he came and went, his time accelerated, two and a half times that of the outside world.

At the same moment, after Jiuyou and the others avoided Qin Feng's attack, they shot at Qin Feng at the same time.

But at the moment when they took action, Qin Feng's speed suddenly increased by two and a half times, and it was an earth-shattering 3.1, which has exceeded the limit of the earth level, which is extremely terrifying!

Swish~! Swish~!

Before the two of Jiuyou could react, they felt a flower in front of them, and afterimages flashed again and again.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

A burst of knife light flashes!

Blood shot!

Qin Feng split the two into two at once.

Boom~!

In the next second, the two bodies collapsed and turned into starlight.

After a while, the stars reunited.

The two appeared on the spot again, each with a pale face, and looked at each other.

They were killed by Qin Feng just now.

By the rules, they lose!

This time, the two were stunned.

They never thought that they were going to win, but they turned around in the last few seconds.

hey~!

A sigh!

Both are helpless!

Jiuyou glanced down again, and his eyes fell on Qiyue.

He had already discovered that it was this little girl who turned the tide of the battle in an instant.

This Qin Feng actually has a good subordinate.

This little girl's potential in terms of time talent should be higher than his!

Thinking of this, he threw his hands to Qin Feng.

"Little friend, this time, you won the punishment test!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the people below suddenly burst into earth-shattering cheers.

Chapter two hundred and seventy-three

Qin Feng was delighted: "Thank you! The younger generation is also lucky!"

Jiuyou and Zhuokong smiled bitterly.

It would be embarrassing if this matter was reported back to the temple.

Before they came, everyone in the temple thought that this was a must-win situation.

It is really Qin Feng's strength, which is too unexpected.

Also, that little girl is not bad!

Thinking of this, Jiuyou stroked his beard and smiled: "Little friend, you don't have to be humble. If the old man didn't guess, even if the little girl didn't make a move, you could pass the test."

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled and said nothing.

Jiuyou is right!

Even if Qiyue didn't take action, he could still pass the assessment.

He still has some hole cards that he has not used, such as the skill Dark Atomization.

As long as he atomized his body, even without Qiyue's help just now, the two of Jiuyou couldn't hurt him, not to mention that he still had the Heaven Returning Technique.

However, if Qiyue didn't make a move, it was hard to say whether he could win against Jiuyou.

In short, Qiyue did a lot of credit this time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng glanced at Qiyue below and felt relieved.

The little girl is really growing up!

It was indeed a wise choice to transform her into a dark messenger this time.

"Little friend, the Longyuan Village Heavenly Punishment Assessment has ended, and I should go back and return to my life! Farewell!"

"Brother Qin Feng, farewell!"

Jiuyou and Zhuokong bowed their hands to Qin Feng one after another, with a very polite tone.

Qin Feng's strength really convinced them.

"You two go well!"

"By the way, little friend, this old man found out that you have an A-level thunder talent. Perhaps, little friend will have some fate with our Temple of Heaven Punishment in the future. This token will be given to little friend, I hope it will be of some use to little friend."

Jiuyou waved his hand and threw a black token over.

Qin Feng took it curiously, and found that the material of the token was not gold or jade, and the whole body was black, with a golden lightning mark engraved on the front and a mysterious rune on the back.

"Senior, what is this token?"

Jiuyou smiled and said: "This is the guiding order of our God's Punishment Temple! With this token, as long as the opportunity comes, the little friend will have the opportunity to become a member of our God's Punishment Temple. Become a God of Punishment, there are many benefits."

Zhuokong also interjected: "Brother Qin Feng, guidance orders are extremely rare. Both are punished by God, and not everyone is qualified to be a guidance person. Just like this guidance order, Brother Jiuyou has it, but I don't have it. You But cherish it!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he secretly thought that this should be a chance!

At the moment, he said gratefully: "Brother Jiuyou, thank you very much!"

Jiuyou stroked his beard and smiled: "Little friend take care!"

As soon as the voice fell, the figures of the two of Jiuyou gradually faded, and finally disappeared out of thin air.

As soon as the two left, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement: Longyuan Town has obtained double rewards by defeating the Heavenly Punisher through this Heavenly Punishment assessment. 】

[Congratulations to all Longyuan townspeople, who have received 2400 attribute rewards! 】

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, Mayor of Longyuan, who has won 32,000 attribute rewards! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the news came out, the nine days were shaking, and the sky was shaking!

Immediately afterwards, one after another, dazzling beams of light descended from the sky and fell on the townspeople...

Everyone's attribute points skyrocketed upwards!

At the same time, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er have released the psychic union.

As soon as this was lifted, two reward beams of light, one thick and one thin, descended from the Nine Heavens.

The thick one fell on Qin Feng.

The thin one fell on Xiao Luan'er.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the attribute points of the two of them soared wildly!

In a blink of an eye, Xiao Luan'er gained 2,400 attributes and was automatically allocated, and his combat power instantly soared to 803 stars.

If it exerts the power of building foundation again, its combat power can reach 1103 stars, officially entering the threshold of the peak of the prefecture level.

The power of building a foundation is the power to control the world.

At the same time, Qin Feng also increased his attributes by 32,000 points.

Such a huge reward made him overjoyed.

There were also excited cheers from the crowd below.

"Haha! 2400 attribute points! This is the highest reward we have ever won!"

"2400 points! The reward is so generous! I can't believe it!"

"Brothers, I'm not dreaming, am I?"

"It's not a dream! The boss won two extreme punishments! We won! We got the reward!"

"Little sister is so excited! It's so exciting!"

"Haha! It's cool! It's really cool! Everyone, 2400 points! It takes a long time to add points! I'm going to add points now!"

"Haha! I'll add some too!"

"I'll go as well!"

At this moment, everyone scrambled to open their respective interfaces and began to add points to themselves, and the field fell into a jubilant atmosphere.

In the air, Qin Feng was also infected by the excitement of everyone, and he was in a good mood.

At the moment, he happily opened the personal interface and began to add points to himself.

Thirty-two thousand points!

It will take some time for him to finish adding...

At the same moment, the figures of Jiuyou and Zhuokong appeared above the Vientiane Temple.

There are more than 300,000 people who came to the Blue Star Realm this time, and the two of them are the strongest.

And among the more than 300,000 Heavenly Punishers, only Jiu You has a Guiding Order.

"Brother, your guidance order is extremely precious, and its value is a hundred times more precious than the recruitment order for recruiting the punisher!"

Burning sigh.

Jiuyou Fuxu smiled and said, "The old man is optimistic about that Qin Feng! Give him a road order, and if you give him a favor. Of course, whether he can use the road order or not depends on how he fights for hegemony in the world. performance in.”

"Opportunity! The old man has already given it away. Whether he can get it or not depends on his own ability."

Zhuo Kong nodded slightly: "That's right!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two disappeared at the top of the Vientiane Temple...

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters.

In a courtyard, the patriarch Xuan Qiong looked at the direction of Tayue Town from afar, and there was a hint of worry between his brows.

It's a sunny morning and the sun is high up.

Counting the time, Elder Gu has already reached Tayue Town for a day and a night, but no news has come back.

It's not really going to happen, is it?

Xuan Qiong frowned slightly, vaguely uneasy.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, he is no longer as calm and calm as he was yesterday.

Just then, footsteps sounded behind him.

A young clan entered the courtyard.

"Patriarch, this subordinate has just received a letter from the Cangtu Ministry. Elder Mo led an army of 2,000 and set off an hour ago."

Xuan Qiong nodded slightly, indicating that he knew.

He pondered in his heart, this time Mo Lao went to Tayue Town to support.

Even if Elder Gu encounters some difficulties, he should be able to solve it!

Presumably there won't be a big problem!