Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This time, Mo Lao took ten prefecture-level powerhouses, plus Mo Lao himself was eleven.

In addition, there was an army of two thousand Cang clan disciples.

Counting Old Gu's army, that would be the army of five thousand Cang clan, twenty-nine prefecture-level powerhouses.

With such strength, it should be able to easily sweep through the Tongtian Lake area, not to mention a Moon-Taking Town.

Thinking of this, Xuan Qiong felt a little more at ease.

At this moment, he didn't realize that Old Gu's side had long since been wiped out.

Just then, footsteps sounded outside the courtyard.

Then, another middle-aged man walked in.

The man's breath was calm, his name was Cang Min, and he was also a prefecture-level powerhouse.

"Patriarch, the patriarch of the Yuan clan just sent an urgent letter asking you to go to the Seven Clan Conference today."

Xuan Qiong's face changed slightly.

The patriarch of the Yuan clan is a heaven-level powerhouse and a terrifying existence in the third-level realm of heaven, so he does not dare to disobey.

The Yuan clan is also one of the seven guardian forces, and its strength ranks first among the seven guardian forces.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

There is more than one heaven-level powerhouse in its clan!

"The Seven Clan Conference? It must be for the challengers, because today is the challenger's natural punishment assessment. Once the natural punishment assessment is over, those challengers will no longer seal the 770 enchantment protection, and I will have a chance to find out. They are."

Xuan Qiong said something casually.

Cang Min nodded: "Yes! In the early days of the ten thousand world hegemony, the strength of the challengers is not strong. For the guardian forces such as me, the biggest problem is how to find their traces."

"Patriarch, you are going to the Seven Clan Conference this time. Will you tell the other six clans about the Challenger's discovery in the Tongtian Lake area?"

Xuan Qiong shook his head: "We finally found the traces of the challenger, how can we give away this great achievement? I'll just wait for me to digest this matter. Next, it depends on the achievements of Old Gu and Old Mo. ."

Cang Min smiled and said, "With Lao Gu and Lao Mo together, our clan will definitely win this time. Maybe, this is the opportunity for our clan to stand out from the seven clans."

Xuan Qiong smiled: "I hope so!"

At this moment, the depths of his eyes were full of anticipation.

Up to now, he was still looking forward to Old Gu and the others, not knowing that the danger was approaching.

"Cangmin, go get ready. Later, you will go to the Yuan Clan headquarters with me to participate in the Seven Clan Conference."

"Yes! Patriarch!"

At the moment, Cang Min leads the way...

At the same time, the headquarters of Longyuan Village, above the sky.

Qin Feng pressed the last key and finally finished adding points.

His combat power has reached 2193 stars, and he has officially entered the level of a heavenly powerhouse.

Of course, he stepped into the strength level of the first level of heaven.

The combat power range of the first layer of heaven is from 2000 stars to 3000 stars.

The combat power range of the second level of the sky is 3000 stars to 4000 stars.

The combat power range of the Tian-level triple layer is 4000 stars to 6000 stars

The further back the small realm of heaven, the greater the change in the range of combat power...

In a word, Qin Feng was overjoyed by this surge in strength.

At this moment, his eyes are full of joy

Chapter 274 Long Yuan's strength has advanced greatly, and the task is urgent!

This time, not only Qin Feng's strength has increased greatly, but the strength of the entire Longyuan Town has made a great leap.

More than 5,000 people with a combat strength of 70 stars.

More than 700 people with a combat power of 100 stars.

With such a scale and strength, I am afraid that the Cang clan is no more than this.

Even the Cang Clan might not be as good as Longyuan Town.

After all, Qin Feng has already wiped out more than 3,000 people from the Cang clan.

Today, there are only nearly 10,000 people left in the Cang Clan.

In addition to the fact that the Cang clan has a larger number of prefecture-level powerhouses, the strength of human-level disciples is not necessarily able to surpass Longyuan Town.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Having said that, the Cang clan is a big hidden danger, and he should have cleaned it up sooner.

What's more, killing the guardian is very beneficial to him and the townspeople.

"By the way, it has been 24 hours since I killed the old army of Gu. There should be new actions on the side of the Cang Clan, but they should be careful. There is also the stronghold of the Cang Soil Ministry, which I should also take."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

This time, Long Yuanzhen's strength has skyrocketed, his confidence has greatly increased, and he has taken the initiative to counterattack the Cang Clan's heart.

Besides, with the strength of Longyuan townspeople, a Tayue Town can no longer meet the demand, and must expand outwards.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue's excited voice sounded in his heart.

Qiyue: "Master, Yue'er's combat power has exceeded 227 stars!"

Qin Feng rejoiced: "Very good! Little girl, you have made a great contribution to this time of the punishment assessment."

Qiyue was extremely happy: "Master, Yue'er is so happy to be able to help you."

Qin Feng praised: "Your newly awakened time skill is very useful. When you fight in the future, you will often be able to win by surprise!"

Qi Yue was excited: "Master, do you mean that I can help you fight in the future? However, my time acceleration can only last for three seconds, and I can't use it continuously. I can only use it once an hour."

Hearing this, Qin Feng's heart moved.

He wanted to understand why the Jiuyouhui only used the time skill when the assessment was about to end.

It seems that Jiuyou is also restricted, that is, it can only be used once an hour.

That's why Jiuyou only used time skills at the end of the assessment, because he only had that one chance...

"By the way, Master, we have only completed one third of the third stage mission of our god-level village. At present, the time limit for the mission is only 26 hours. If the time limit is not completed, the entire mission will be judged to have failed."

Qiyue reminded seriously.

As Qin Feng's personal assistant, she is very concerned about the master's affairs.

Right now, everyone is paying attention to the Heavenly Punishment assessment, and no one has noticed the third stage of this S-rank mission.

Even Qin Feng relaxed.

"Only 26 hours left!"

Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

This S-class mission is a must.

Qiyue: "Master, the Totem Temple is thousands of miles away from us. Even if we rush to it immediately, it will take a lot of time. Not to mention, after entering the temple, you still need to explore and trigger the task yourself."

"I'm worried about whether the task can be completed within these 26 hours? If it's too late, it will be troublesome."

The little girl's tone was full of worry.

Qin Feng: "It's true! At present, the most urgent problem for us in Longyuan Town is to race against time to complete the third stage of the task."

"As for the capture of prisoners of war and the extermination of the Cang clan, it will be delayed a little. We don't have enough time!"

Just when the words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: The Blue Star Realm Heaven Punishment assessment has all ended, and the novice assessment period has officially ended. 】

[Announcement to the whole world: The pass rate of this time's punishment assessment is only 29.2%, and only 9 villages have defeated the natural punishment. 】

[Announcement to the whole world: The number of existing villages in the Blue Star Realm is 171,200. 】

[Friendly reminder: After the novice assessment period is over, the seals and enchantments of each novice village will disappear, and you will no longer be protected by heaven. 】

[Friendly reminder: In this big world, there are major guardian forces lurking. The guardian force and the challenge force are hostile to each other, and killing each other can gain great benefits. 】

[Friendly reminder: From now on, you can get points for killing guardians. Points are the basis for points hegemony, which can be used to rank and exchange resources, please cherish them. 】

[Friendly system: 48 hours later, the ranking of villages in the world will be announced, as well as the detailed rules of points competition. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar below!

"My God! After a natural punishment assessment, only 170,000 of the 310,000 villages are left, and nearly 100 million people have become refugees."

"Yeah! It's cruel!"

"This day's punishment assessment is really difficult! Fortunately, we have the boss! We are one of the villages that defeated the heavenly punishment. Haha!"

"Brothers, 48 ​​hours after Tiandao's reminder, the ranking of villages in the world will be announced. I don't know what it means?"

"It must be related to the struggle for hegemony in the world! In the future, that is the goal we have to strive for. The struggle for hegemony in the world, hundreds of millions of forces compete for resources. In order to survive, points will be extremely important!"

"Yeah! Tiandao also reminded that you can get points by killing the guardian immediately."

"By the way, didn't the Cang clan want to invade Tayue Town? They failed last time, and they will definitely make a comeback. If they come again, just use them to earn points!"

Just when everyone was talking about it, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Regional Announcement: There are only ten villages in this district that have passed the natural punishment assessment, and only ten villages have survived. 】

[The ten villages are: Longyuan Town, Zhanxiong Village, Yuelong Village…]

[Reminder: From now on, major villages can recruit refugees in the area to replenish the population. 】

[Reminder: In order to protect the refugees, within 24 hours from now, the refugees shall not be attacked. The major villages are also not allowed to attack each other. After 24 hours, the ban was lifted. 】

[Reminder: The regional chat channel is only reserved for 48 hours, and it will disappear automatically after 48 hours. Please cherish it. 】

[Reminder: The alliance function is enabled between village forces. If the alliance is successful, the alliance chat channel will be shared. 】

[Reminder: All village power maps in this area are now announced...]

[Reminder: Refugees have only 48 hours of permission to view the power map. If the time limit is exceeded, the map function of refugees will automatically disappear. 】

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the audience.

Tiandao wants to announce the power map of this area.

Is this a good thing or a bad thing?

The townspeople were amazed.

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

At the moment, he hurriedly opened the map channel, and sure enough, he found a new change on the map.

I saw that there were nearly a thousand blue markers and ten red markers on those maps.

Those blue markers represent novice villages that have not established villages.

The red marks are the locations of the only ten villages in this area, and even their names are marked.

The distance between each village is not far, ranging from hundreds to thousands of miles, much closer than from Longyuan Village to Cangtu Department.

Obviously, the way of heaven is to facilitate the alliance between villages.

And the announcement of this map is also to give those refugees the last chance to enrich the major villages.

As long as the refugees join those villages, they can become villagers again and regain the villager authority.

After understanding Tiandao's intentions, Qin Feng will no longer pay attention to these trivial matters.

He is now in a hurry to deal with the task of the Totem Temple.

Thinking of this, he fell from the sky and landed on the teleportation array.

Xiao Luan'er followed closely behind.

As soon as he returned to the ground, everyone gathered around enthusiastically, one by one excited.