Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Today, Qin Feng's prestige in Longyuan Town is unparalleled.

He was admired and unconditionally trusted by everyone.

"Boss, it's so lively on the regional channel now! Those refugees are almost crazy, and they are screaming for shelter!"

"That's right! Nine villages, including Yuelong Village and Zhanxiong Village, are frantically collecting people inside."

In the field, many people were watching the regional channel, and naturally they knew exactly what was going on inside.

"Boss, many refugees have asked us to recruit from Longyuan Village, and many of them are white skins from the West. Do we want to accept them?"

Qin Feng firmly said: "No! We in Longyuan Town only accept people from Longyuan, and we will not accept people from other countries. Of course, they can join our Longyuan Village if they really want, that is, they join as prisoners of war slaves."

"That's right! We don't want those disgusting white-skinned skins! Are the white-skinned magpie nests and doves occupying less work? Historically, the aborigines of a certain continent were kind enough to take them in, but they killed almost all the aborigines. Then the magpie nest and the dove occupy it."

"There is also the aborigines of another continent, who also occupied the land by their white skins, and were killed and exterminated by the white skins."

"These white-skinned people are so **** disgusting! They must not be taken in!"

"Everyone, and Sakurajima and Nanbangzi can't accept it either. History has proven that these dogs are all white-eyed wolves!"

"That's right! If you really want to accept them, you can only accept them as slaves!"

"Besides, those guys don't deserve to be the townspeople of our Longyuan Town. Don't look at them all at level 10, but many of them have less than 20 stars in combat power. The level 10 in our town has a basic combat power of 50 stars. above."

"Haha! This is the truth! Those dog things like white skins and nanbangs are only worthy of being our slaves!"

At this moment, everyone agreed

Chapter 275 Space upgrade, unexpectedly strikes!

Qin Feng: "Everyone, you don't need to worry about the regional channel. Those dog things can't make a big climate. By the way, Liu Yuan!"

"I am here!"

Liu Yuan came out in response.

"You are responsible for monitoring those people in the regional channel to see if those dog things will play any tricks. When I finish some trivial matters, I will come back and clean them up!"

"Boss, it's up to me."

Liu Yuan excitedly agreed.

He is a person who likes to gossip.

He is particularly enthusiastic about this kind of intelligence gathering and gossip.

Qin Feng looked at everyone again.

"Everyone, what should be upgraded next, the upgraded village of the village should be upgraded. After 48 hours, the village power ranking will be announced, and the real competition of the worlds is coming. Everyone can't relax!"

"By the way, there is only 26 hours left for the third stage mission of our god-level village. We need to hurry up."FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As soon as these words fell, everyone remembered this matter, and one by one suddenly realized.

"Yes! We almost forgot about this big event!"

"My God! There are really only 26 hours left!"

"What to do? It might be too late!"

The god-level village is a public task, and it is in the interests of all.

After Qin Feng's reminder, when everyone checked the progress of the task, there was really not much time.

The crowd suddenly became anxious.

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't say more, greeted Qiyue to come over, sat in the teleportation array and left together.

He hurried back to Tayue Town to make the next layout.

As soon as Qin Feng left, all the townspeople also left and returned to their respective posts.

It's just that there is one more worry in everyone's mind, and that is the third stage task of the god-level village.

In addition, Liu Yuan has been monitoring every move on the regional channel...

Before long, Qin Feng returned to Tayue Town and entered his novice cabin.

A quarter of an hour later, inside the zero-degree space, outside the wooden house.

Qin Feng looked around the entire space.

I saw that all around the wooden house was full of spiritual flowers and grasses, all of which were colorful.

This makes the whole space as beautiful as a garden!

In the air, there is also the fragrance of flowers, which makes people feel comfortable.

All this is Qi Yue's handwriting.

However, Qin Feng felt that this zero-degree space was a little narrow.

His next arrangement needs to use more space.

"It's time to upgrade the zero-degree space!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out a golden card from the storage ring.

[Space Upgrade Permission Card (Elementary): Fifth-Order Items]

[Effect: Using this card, the 0-order space can be raised to the 1-order space. 】

[Reminder: Raise the 0th-order space to the 1st-order space, and the space range will be expanded by at least ten times. 】

A long time ago, Qin Feng purchased this divine card in the Wanxiang Temple.

He never had time to use it.

Now, he needs more space and has to use it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood and dripped to the **** card.

Om~!

Shenka sucked up the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye, and let out a sound of heaven and earth.

Then, it slowly floated into the air, illuminating a dazzling golden light, illuminating the entire space.

Immediately afterwards, the divine card gradually became larger, and automatically decomposed, turning into thousands of divine patterns, one after another into the entire space.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the sky roared and the earth shook!

The entire space began to slowly spread around.

In a blink of an eye, the space has expanded more than ten times, from the original size of mu xu to a radius of several miles, and even the sky has become higher, giving people a much more spacious feel.

[Reminder: You have successfully used the space upgrade permission card (primary), and the zero-degree space has been promoted from level 0 to level 1. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

good! good!

Zero-degree space is a space-like wonder of heaven and earth. It has changed from level 0 to level 1, and its value is several times greater!

At the beginning, he spent 30,000 contribution points to buy the space upgrade card, which was really worth it.

"This is done, it's time to act!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and was about to leave.

squeak~!

Just then, the wooden door opened.

Qiyue walked out of the wooden house with Xiao Luan'er behind her.

They were startled by the previous movement.

"Wow~!"

"Guji! Guji!"

As soon as they came out, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were startled by the sight in front of them.

"Master, this space has grown so much!"

Qi Yue was amazed.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Only when it becomes so big, can hundreds of people be loaded at one time."

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, this is really good. In the future, Yue'er can plant more spirit flowers and spirit grass here. That will be of great help to the master's alchemy."

Qin Feng smiled: "this is the future. Yue'er, how are Liu Xuan and the others preparing?"

"Liu Xuan and the others have assembled and are waiting for you in the square!"

"Okay, it's time to act. By the way, Yue'er, these two things are for you!"

Qin Feng took out the Tiantian shield and a piece of sky-hardened gold.

Qi Yue was surprised: "This Sky Revolving Shield is a fifth-order equipment, and the master wants to give it to me?"

"Of course! Little girl, you need your help in the next battle. Apart from me and Xiao Luan'er, we are the strongest in Longyuan Town. You have to start to stand on your own."

"Yeah! Yue'er understands!"

Qiyue happily took over the Sky Revolving Shield.

With this fifth-order Xuantian shield, plus the fifth-order dark night sword, and a variety of A-level talents, her comprehensive strength is comparable to that of an earth-level triple heaven powerhouse.

It can be said that the prefecture-level powerhouses in Longyuan Town are only her and Xiao Luan'er.

Qin Feng should belong to the heavenly powerhouse.

"By the way, gold quenching is an essential resource for upgrading to level 6. You can take it and upgrade your cabin as soon as possible. That will improve your strength."

"Thank you master!"

Qiyue happily took it.

Longyuan Village was promoted to Longyuan Town.

Villager's wooden house, with permission to upgrade to level 6.

However, upgrading to a level 6 wooden house requires sky quenching gold.

Sky-quenched gold is a fifth-order material, which is very rare.

Qin Feng only got two pieces in total, which was obtained from the old Gu storage ring.

He had already used one piece, and this piece was left to Qiyue.

Now Qiyue is his key training object.

What's more, Qi Yue made a great contribution in this day's punishment assessment and should be rewarded.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng turned into a white light and left the zero-degree space.

Both Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er stayed in the space, all on standby...

A few minutes later, Qin Feng came to Tayue Town Square.

I saw that there were more than 700 people gathered in the square, all of them with more than 100 stars.

In other words, these seven hundred people are all human-level peak combat power.

Liu Xuan, Qiyun, Lei Jue, Longshan and others, who were headed by them, had even more than 150 stars in combat power.

This level is equivalent to the human-level second-level heaven, and further up is the prefecture-level threshold.

The growth of Longyuan Town has been booming, which makes Qin Feng very pleased.

"Boss!"

"Boss, can you act?"

"Yeah! Everyone can't wait now."

"Boss, time is running out. We have to speed up!"

As soon as they saw Qin Feng, Liu Xuan and others showed their joy.

Looking at their eager expressions, Qin Feng knew that these guys couldn't wait to go to war with the Cangtu Ministry.