Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that Qin Feng's next task was to go to the Totem Temple and complete the third stage task.

If he wants to go to the Totem Temple, he must use the teleportation array of the Cangtu Ministry to teleport to the Cangzu headquarters.

From the Cang Clan headquarters, enter the Valley of Seven Kills and find the Totem Temple.

Because one of the entrances to the Valley of Seven Kills was guarded by the Cang Clan headquarters.

Therefore, if he wants to do this task, he must first capture the Cangtu Ministry stronghold, and someone must guard that stronghold.

Liu Xuan's more than 700 people are the garrison forces he wants to bring over.

"Let's go!"

Qin Feng didn't say much, just waved it.

Suddenly, the space in the field fluctuated strangely.

Everyone turned into white light, and he was taken into the zero-degree space by him.

After doing this, he walked to the teleportation formation on the side and directly activated the big formation...

At the same time, in Sunlight Canyon.

At this moment, the teleportation array in the valley lit up with white light.

The next second, Qin Feng's figure appeared in the array.

Around the teleportation formation, dozens of Qi clan disciples were mining radiant stones.

Qishan is also among them.

He is arranging for his children to mine the new mine here.

Having said that, the discovery of this Guangyao Stone mine has made him excited for a long time.

Today, Qishan is particularly interested in the upgrade of Longyuan Town.

And the discovery of this Guangyao Stone mine will be of great benefit to the future development of Longyuan Town.

In the next ten thousand world hegemony, it will also play a key role.

At this moment, Qishan was startled by the movement of the teleportation formation.

He couldn't help turning his head to look, and saw Qin Feng appear.

"Owner!"

Qishan hurried forward to greet him.

"Elder Qishan, your movements are fast!"

Qin Feng looked around the audience with a satisfied smile.

Qishan said: "Master, in fact, from the moment the novice assessment period ends, the battle for hegemony in the world has already begun. Among the worlds, many excellent villages have already begun to collect points."

"You can get points for killing guardians, and you can also get points for upgrading a village. You can also get points for doing various public tasks. In short, points are extremely important. Because in the early days of the hegemony competition, rankings were based on points."

"And this ranking is related to rewards and elimination. Therefore, we in Longyuan Village cannot relax, and must always prepare for obtaining points."

Qin Feng was moved: "Elder Qishan has a heart! It seems that I have to put points first."

Qishan smiled: "Master, you came to Sunlight Canyon for the third stage mission of the god-level village, right?"

"That's right!"

"Master, this is a public task. We can also get points for doing this task."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "This is killing two birds with one stone! It seems that it is very suitable for us to do this task at this time."

Qishan said: "Yes! Master, the novice assessment period has just ended, and many village forces are still running in with this world. After 48 hours, when the village rankings and various rules come out, the competition for points will become more intense."

"At that time, it will not only be us challenger forces participating in the ranking. The guardian forces will also participate in the ranking."

Qin Feng was surprised: "The guardian forces will also participate in it?"

"Yes!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly, with a sense of urgency in his heart again.

He is not too worried about those village forces.

But if the guardian forces join the competition for points, the pressure will be great.

Many guardian forces have heaven-level powerhouses.

Even some guardian strengths have existences beyond the heavenly level.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng finished talking with Qishan and hurried to the exit of the canyon.

Time is running out, he has to hurry to do the task of the Totem Temple.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

But at this moment, at the exit of the canyon, there was a huge bombardment.

At this time, someone was frantically bombarding the barrier at the exit.

The entire canyon shook violently!

The crowd was shocked!

One by one looked at the exit in astonishment

Chapter 276 Sixth-Order Stealth Technique!

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

"Master, is this?"

Qishan looked at Qin Feng with worry.

The children of the Qi clan stopped their work and looked at Qin Feng, all of them looking uneasy.

They always thought this place was safe, but unexpectedly they were attacked - came to the door.

"You don't have to worry! The barrier at the exit of this canyon is extremely strong. Even if the first-level powerhouse of the Heavenly Rank is attacked, it may not be able to break through. You don't have to worry about your work. I'll go and see!"

"Yes, Master!"

Hearing that, Qishan and the others felt a little relieved.

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped talking and strode towards the exit.

When he walked near the exit, the attack from the outside stopped abruptly.

"Strange! Who is attacking the barrier?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, looking up and looking forward.

I saw that at the exit, there was a large area of ​​light-devouring fog covering a radius of ten miles.

This light fog is the second layer of protection for Sunlight Canyon.

Even if someone passes through the barrier and enters this canyon, they will be lost in the mist.

Don't talk about outsiders, even Qishan and others have been warned by Qin Feng not to break into the fog.

Of course, these light-devouring fogs are ineffective against Qin Feng.

In particular, he has condensed the seal of light and dark reincarnation, which is more able to ignore the effect of the light-devouring fog.

In just a moment, Qin Feng entered the thick fog.

"Huh! That is?"

As soon as he entered the thick fog, he actually saw a figure, staggering and swaying in the depths of the thick fog.

Did someone break in?

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards the figure.

It didn't take long for him to get closer and finally saw the man's appearance.

It was an old man in a black robe, with gray hair, a majestic expression and a strong breath.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he activated the eye of insight and looked at the old man.

【Human】: Guardian

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Level]: Level 61

[Talent]: Law of Fire (A-level), Law of Light (A-level)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 737 stars

[Origin]: A clan from the power of the guardian forces. The Chi and Cang people are both the guardian forces of the Totem Temple, and are inherently opposed to the challengers.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"It turned out to be a member of the Qi clan!"

Qin Feng was stunned.

It seems that the appearance of this old man is related to the powerful clan he killed last time.

This old man is also a talent of light, so he can enter the canyon of light.

It's a pity that this old man can come in, but he can't resist the deprivation of vision ability by the Light Devouring Fog.

At this moment, his eyes were confused, and he stumbled all the way towards the exit.

In fact, he has been trapped in the foggy area for more than an hour.

Just now, the clansmen guarding outside Taniguchi finally madly bombarded the exit barrier as agreed, creating a powerful bombardment sound.

He identified the location by listening to the sound, and finally found the direction of the exit.

At this moment, he just wanted to find the exit and get out of here.

This canyon is so weird!

At this moment, the old man was extremely regretful.

He was also on impulse and broke in.

I just didn't expect that as soon as he entered, he was teleported into the depths of the dense fog, lost his vision, and was lost in the fog area.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng no longer hesitated and strode towards the old man.

Since it is a guardian, and it is specifically looking for trouble, it cannot be left.

Having said that, this old man has more than 700 stars in combat power, and is also a mid-level foundation building.

After using the power of foundation building, the old man's combat power should be able to reach the level of the Nine Heavens.

With such strength, it should be the elder-level figure of the Qi clan.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked dozens of meters behind the old man.

"Who?!"

The old man turned back in horror when he heard the movement behind him.

Of course he couldn't see anything.

Qin Feng sneered and was about to shoot.

But at this moment, the light flashed on the old man's body and disappeared out of thin air.

what!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He did not sense the fluctuation of the power of space, and the old man should not have teleported away.

Why did the old man disappear?

wrong!

Qin Feng's heart moved, his eyes fixed on the place where the old man disappeared.

His powerful Six Senses talent sensed it, and the boss stayed where he was.

At the moment, he waved his hand quickly.