Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, thousands of wind blades shot towards the front.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Blood splashed again and again!

There was a shrill scream in the air ahead!

Afterwards, a corpse that was strangled by the wind blade rolled out of the air and fell to the ground.

It turned out that the old man was invisible!

pity!

The dignified Jiuzhongtian powerhouse was instantly killed by Qin Feng with one move!

Om~!

The next second, a dazzling white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +572 attributes, +4.24 million energy value, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 20/30. 】

[Kill the guardian (prefecture level) successfully, you will get +93 points! 】

[Reminder: In the next ten thousand world power hegemony, the power standings and personal standings will be opened. The higher the standings, the more benefits you will get. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Sure enough, as soon as the novice assessment period ended, the points system appeared.

The points are also divided into power rankings and personal rankings.

The power ranking should be the sum of the points of everyone in a power, which is the power of that power.

Personal points is to see how many points an individual has harvested, even if the number of points is counted.

Interesting!

Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next development.

However, he has no time to think about those trivial matters now.

Having said that, the benefits this old man has provided him are really quite a lot!

The light attribute point has 572 points, and he is indeed a powerhouse of Jiuzhongtian.

In addition, there are 93 points. I don’t know if this is more or less?

However, it was the first time to score.

Qin Feng stepped forward with satisfaction and began to search for the spoils.

0

After a while, he got a storage ring from the old man, which contained several fourth-order equipment and a pile of precious materials.

Qin Feng put away the ring with satisfaction and began to extract the body...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained the sixth-order skill - Invisibility of Light! 】

[Reminder: To master this skill, you must master the Light Element talent above Grade A. 】

what!

I actually got a sixth-order skill!

good! good!

Stealth!

This is a very useful skill.

Qin Feng was very satisfied, so he continued to extract and got another 20 energy attributes...

After doing this, he casually released a ball of Tianyan, turned the corpse into ashes, and hurried to the exit.

Judging from the current situation, there should still be a few children of the Gothic clan at Taniguchi.

For Qin Feng, it is attribute points, energy values ​​and points!

He had to go out quickly and get rid of those people, lest they run away and it would not be worth it.

0

What's more, he needs to collect 30 pass cards for the Totem Temple mission, and he has only collected 20 cards at present, which is not enough.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace.

In just a moment, he walked to the exit barrier, took out the pass, and was about to go out.

At this time, as soon as his mind moved, he cast the 'invisibility' technique and disappeared into place out of thin air.

It was the first time to cast invisibility, and the effect was very good.

Qin Feng is satisfied

Then, he activated the pass in his hand and passed through the sealing barrier in front of him.

In the next second, he was outside Taniguchi.

However, his figure is still invisible.

At this appearance, Qin Feng saw three men in black robes standing outside Taniguchi, two men and one woman, all of them were prefecture-level powerhouses.

At this moment, the three of them all looked at the direction of the Cangtu Ministry and turned their backs to Qin Feng.

The three of them were unaware of Qin Feng's appearance.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

In fact, even if they looked directly at Taniguchi, they might not be able to find Qin Feng's appearance.

After all, Qin Feng is in stealth!

At the same time, Qin Feng checked with the eye of insight, and his eyes showed joy.

These three people really came from the guardians of the clan.

That means three pass cards!

His Totem Temple mission, the collection of access cards, is also imminent!

At the moment, Qin Feng is about to start.

But at this moment, the woman of the three spoke up.

"It's really weird! Early this morning, Mo Lao led the two thousand Cang clan's children to leave in a mighty manner, I'm afraid that something big will happen."

The person who spoke was Ming Xi who was watching here yesterday.

Qin Feng's heart jumped when he heard this.

Knew it!

The Cang Clan has already acted!

The two thousand army led by Mo Lao must have killed Tayue Town.

The elites of Tayue Town were brought out by him, in his zero-dimensional space.

With the current strength of Tayue Town, it must be unable to resist Mo Lao's army.

It seems that he has to stop

Chapter 277 The Eight Village Alliance, the strength will rise again!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, there was another conversation between the three of them in front of him.

I saw the young man among the three spoke.

"Let me see, this must have something to do with the Challenger!"

Ming Xi was curious: "How do you say this?"

The young man said: "Ming Xi, don't forget, today is the end of the novice assessment, the challengers' novice village enchantment will disappear, and they will appear one after another."

Ming Xi's heart moved: "You mean, the Cang clan found the trace of the challenger, and they went to kill the challenger?"

The young man nodded slightly: "It's very possible!"

Ming Xi was moved: "This is a major event, we have to pass this news back to the clan, and we can't let the Cang clan take advantage of it."

"I think so too. Brother Chun, what do you think?"

The young man looked at the middle-aged man beside him.

The man frowned slightly: "This is indeed a major event, but we have another major event at hand. The old man has been in the Sunlight Canyon for an hour, but he hasn't come out yet. I don't know if something happened?"

As soon as these words fell, Ming Xi and the youth's expressions changed slightly.

right!

The old man has been in for more than an hour, but he hasn't come out yet.

The three of them couldn't help looking at the entrance to the canyon, with anxiety in their eyes.

However, they did not find Qin Feng who was hiding beside him.

The young man sighed: "Hey! This Sunlight Canyon has always been very strange. Many prefecture-level powerhouses have entered, but they have never come out again. I don't know what the old man thought? You have to go in!"

Ming Xi sighed: "You can't blame Lao Xie for this. Yesterday, Xie Yuan disappeared near here. It is very likely that he broke into Sunlight Canyon by mistake. Lao Lao was also eager to save his son, so he broke into it desperately. Sunlight Canyon."

It turned out that the old man was the father of the old man.

Xie Lao broke into the Sunlight Canyon this time to find the whereabouts of Xie Yuan.

At this time, the middle-aged shook his head: "If you want me to see, the old man is still impulsive! Even if he is a Jiuzhongtian powerhouse, it is difficult to say whether he can escape safely after entering."

The young man muttered: "Just now, according to the agreement of the old man, we stormed the entrance barrier. It stands to reason that the old man should follow the sound to find the exit. But it has not been so long, and the old man has not come out yet. He will not really Did something happen?"

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the middle-aged man and Ming Xi changed slightly.

"If something happened to the old man, it would be a big problem. We can't handle this matter."

"Otherwise, let's wait another half an hour. If the old man hasn't come back, we will send the Hui clan to rescue troops. Perhaps, this time we will ask the patriarch to come forward. The patriarch is a heaven-level powerhouse, and he should be able to break through this barrier. ."

"I'm afraid it won't work! The patriarch went to the Seven Clan Conference, and he won't be back for a while."

"It seems that the Patriarch of the Cang Clan has also gone to the Seven Clan Conference."

Qin Feng was slightly moved when he heard this.

He seemed to have heard another useful message.

Seven Clan Conference?

It should be a joint meeting to protect the seven clans.

From this news, it can be seen that the patriarchs of the Cang clan and the Qi clan are not at the headquarters for the time being.

That is the best time to go to the Totem Temple by yourself!

Both the Cang clan and the Zhi clan are the guardians of the Totem Temple. If he goes to the Totem Temple, he will surely disturb the two clans.

If the patriarchs of the two clans are not present, his pressure will be much less.

At this time, Ming Xi said anxiously: "Regardless of whether the patriarch is here or not, we still send a message to the Hui clan first. Let the clan send more experts over here, and quickly rescue the old man! The old man is the supreme elder of our clan, and we cannot lose! "

"That's right! I'll send a message to the clan now!"

As soon as the voice fell, the young man took out the communication jade talisman.

Seeing this, Qin Feng no longer hesitated and waved.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Three wind blades suddenly appeared and shot out towards the three of Ming Xi.

It all happened so abruptly!

The three Ming Xi didn't react at all.

What's more, these three are not strong, and their strengths range from the fourth layer to the fifth layer.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Three consecutive beeps!