Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Blood shot!

Before the three Ming Xi could even scream, they were split in half...

[Successfully killed the guardian (earth level), you get +273 attribute points, +2.44 million energy value, +43 points, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 21/30. 】

[Successfully killed the guardian (earth level), you get +284 attributes, +2.67 million energy value, +47 points, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 22/30. 】

[Successfully killed the guardian (earth level), you get +302 attribute points, +2.91 million energy value, +51 points, +1 pass card... The current pass card collection progress is 23/30. 】

Three white lights poured into Qin Feng's body.

His energy value, attribute points, and points are all skyrocketing!

Qin Feng was very satisfied, thinking that killing the guardian would be cool!

After a while, he killed four Earth-level guardians in a row, and he got 1431 light attribute points.

After being excited, Qin Feng did not dare to waste time, and hurried forward to retrieve the body.

Now that he has learned about Mo Lao's hidden dangers, he must clear it up as soon as possible.

This time and again, it is estimated that it will take a lot of time.

And what he lacks the most right now is time, so he can't delay.

Soon, he finished extracting the corpse, and gained 80 attributes and two small skills, which was another big gain.

At the same time, he also got three storage rings on three corpses.

After collecting the spoils, Qin Feng released three groups of Tianyan, turning the three corpses into ashes.

The four prefecture-level powerhouses of the Qi clan were silently exterminated like this.

After doing this, he opened the panel and added all the attributes of the 1431 points he had just obtained.

In a short time, his momentum has skyrocketed, and his combat power has risen to 2217 stars in a blink of an eye, and his strength has improved a lot.

After doing these trivial things, Qin Feng made a random move, and Xiao Luan'er appeared out of thin air.

Guji~! Guji~!

The little guy was overjoyed when he saw Qin Feng.

When it saw that it had reached the entrance of Sunlight Canyon, it was even more excited.

"Dad! Dad! We're near the Blue Soil Ministry! Are we going to take the Blue Soil Ministry now?"

"Don't panic, we still have a more important thing to do."

At the moment, Qin Feng briefly described Mo Lao's affairs.

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly urged: "Dad, then let's hurry up and kill Mo Lao, otherwise it will be very serious!"

Qin Feng nodded: "Yeah! I'm going to the Totem Temple this time, and I won't be able to make it back after a day. Mo Lao's army will definitely arrive at Tayue Town in a day. If they don't get rid of them, Tayue Town will suffer. already."

"Not much to say. Little guy, psychic integration! We have to quickly catch up with Mo Lao's army!"

"Um!"

Boom~!

In just a moment, one person and one pet have completed the psychic fusion.

At this moment, Qin Feng was wearing a phoenix armor and spreading phoenix wings on his back, like a god.

After this integration is completed, his combat power has reached 2531 stars, and his momentum is extremely terrifying.

In the next second, he rose into the sky and flew towards Tayue Town.

That speed is terrifyingly fast, far exceeding the scope of the Earth-level powerhouse.

He had calculated in his heart that Mo Lao and others set off from dawn, and at this moment they marched for two or three hours at most...

And their marching speed, affected by the speed of the Cang clan's children, must be extremely short.

The speed of the Cang clan's children is the speed of Mo Lao's army.

This is far less than the marching speed of Longyuan Town!

Qin Feng has zero-degree space, and he put the army of Long Yuan into the space.

His speed is the speed of Long Yuan's army.

In such a comparison, a judgment is made!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's figure disappeared above the nine heavens...

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town, everyone was discussing.

"Brothers, I just took a look at the mission time limit for the third stage. There are only 25 hours left, and another hour is missing. I wonder how the boss's progress is?"

"It's only 25 hours! It's so frustrating!"

"Yeah! I'm so anxious too! I'm so worried that the third stage mission won't be completed. If this time, we fail the mission because of a timeout, it's too embarrassing."

"If the mission fails, the mission given before will be taken back!"

"I hope the boss and the others can successfully complete the task!"

"Hey! The current situation is not optimistic! We haven't even collected all the pass cards for the second mission!"

"Upstairs, I just saw that the collection progress of the pass card has changed from 19/30 to 23/30, and the boss has already taken action."

"Wow! That's great!"

The channel cheered.

At this time, Qishan jumped out.

Qishan: "Everyone, when the master is immersed in the task. I can't help, so I will hurry up to upgrade and build the village. This is also to share the master's worries and dedicate my strength to the village."

"Yes! Elder Qishan is right!"

"Elder Qishan, I just checked, the conditions for upgrading to a level 6 town are very harsh! The number of level 1 wooden houses alone will reach 10,000. However, these are all good things to say, our town has enough resources. But that 5 Level 1 cabins and level 6 cabins are a little harder."

"Yeah! To upgrade a wooden house to level 5, you need pentium soil crystal core, and to upgrade a wooden house to level 6 requires sky-quenched gold. Our town does not have these two strategic resources!"

"Yes! This is really a hassle!"

"If these two strategic resources are not resolved, our town will be stuck at level 5 forever."

Qishan: "Everyone, the problem of pentad soil crystal nuclei should be resolved soon. The owner revealed that there is a valley next to the Cangtu Department called Gen Valley, which produces a large number of pentagon soil crystal nuclei."

"That is to say, as long as we capture the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, we will be able to get a pentasite crystal core mine."

"That's it!"

"Wow! That's great! I hope the boss can seize the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold as soon as possible!"

"Yeah! In that way, the problem of our pentium nuclei will be solved."

At this moment, everyone was looking forward to capturing the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold.

Qishan: "So, the problem with the nuclei of the pentagon is not big. The biggest problem is the sky quenching gold, and there is no sign yet. However, I believe that the master will be able to solve it soon."

"That's right! Next, let's see how the boss solves it."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Don't worry everyone! The boss has never let us down, and he will be able to solve it soon."

"That's right! Just follow the boss's footsteps."

"Brothers, those guys in the regional channel are a little abnormal!"

"Why isn't it normal?"

"After the population of Zhanxiong Village has reached the upper limit of 1,000 people, it will no longer be recruited. Yue 2.4 Dragon Village, Dengta Village, Xiaowan Village, Ganges Village, Cosmic Bangbang Village... These eight villages clearly have their population capped. , they are still gathering refugees."

"At present, there are about 60,000 refugees who are being gathered by these eight villages. What are they doing to gather so many refugees?"

"Those bastards! I'm afraid there's no good intentions! We have to keep an eye on it! More than 60,000 people! If you really want to make trouble, you can't underestimate it."

"By the way, I heard that these eight villages have already formed an alliance, and they have established an alliance chat channel. Now, they don't talk in the regional channel except for the crazy income in the regional channel."

"They should have gone to the alliance channel to chat, I'm afraid they will talk about things that are unfavorable to our Longyuan Town."

Liu Yuan: "Don't worry, everyone, I have been monitoring their every move. At the same time, I have also made a new secret plan. What they are doing in the dark will soon be known."

"That's great! Mr. Liu Yuan, this matter is entrusted to you."

"Yeah! Boss Liu Yuan, you must find out what those white-skinned people are doing, they are definitely not at ease."

Liu Yuan: "Don't worry, everyone! This is the task that the boss gave me, and I will definitely complete it successfully."

...

Just when everyone was chatting hotly, Qin Feng chased Mo Lao's army all the way.

He is extremely fast!

In just half an hour, he saw the figure of Mo Lao Dajun

Chapter 278 Kill the world and advance continuously!

"Finally see these guys!"

Qin Feng looked at the army in the distance and was delighted.

Immediately, he returned to the ground and summoned Qiyue, Liu Xuan and others.

In an instant, more than 700 people gathered in the field.

"Master, have you caught up with Mo Lao's army?!"

This appearance, Qi Yue quickly stepped forward to ask.

Up to now, Qi Yue, Liu Xuan and others already know about Mo Lao Dajun.

"Well, they are thousands of meters ahead! I'll kill them now, and you'll follow!"

"Yes, Master!"

The crowd was instantly overjoyed.

Finally caught up with Mo Lao's army, and the hidden dangers of Tayue Town could be eliminated.

Boom~!

At this time, Qin Feng soared into the sky and went to kill Mo Lao's army.

"let's go!"

As soon as Qiyue waved her hand, she led Long Yuan's army and killed Mo Lao's army.

Liu Xuan and others followed closely behind, and they were actually obedient to her.

Now, Qiyue has upgraded the level 6 wooden house and received 1600 attribute rewards.

This brings her combat power to 253 stars.

If you add the Night Sword, Sky Shield, and her various A talents.

Her comprehensive strength is not considered weak in the earth-level triple heaven.

Such a powerful strength has long convinced Liu Xuan and others, making them obedient to Qiyue.

In this way, Qin Feng attacked Mo Lao's army from the sky.

Qiyue led the crowd to chase and kill on the ground...

At the same time, thousands of meters ahead.

The army of the Cang clan is marching rapidly towards Tayue Town.

Above the sky, Mo Lao and other ten earth-level powerhouses were flying proudly with their double ten hands on their backs.

"Mr. Mo, according to the current marching speed, we won't be able to reach Tayue Town until tomorrow morning. After such a long time, I don't know what will happen to Tayue Town. Otherwise, my subordinates will take the two of them to see it first?"

At this moment, Lan Xuan's voice sounded behind Mo Lao.

He took the initiative to ask for directions to explore the way.

Mo Lao looked thoughtful: "It's weird to say it! Gu Lao has been gone for so long, and he didn't even reply a bit of information. However, we don't need to wait until tomorrow morning."

"By this afternoon, the distance between us and Tayue Town will be greatly shortened. At that time, the communication jade talisman should be able to contact Elder Gu. At that time, we will know what happened in Tayue Town?"

Lan Xuan nodded: "That's fine too!"