Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The words just fell, and there was a rapid burst of air behind everyone.

Mo Lao and others were startled and turned around, and saw Qin Feng was burning with golden flames, descending from the sky, like a god.

Mo Lao and others were surprised.

The army below was even more shocked!

One by one they stopped.

Oh my God!

The momentum of the people here is so strong!

Absolutely an earth-level powerhouse!

As for how heavy is the earth level?

They saw that Qin Feng was only in his twenties, very young.

Generally, at such an age, the strength can reach the seventh level, which is the limit.

Seventh Heavenly Powerhouse!

That was already terrifying!

Is this young man a seventh heaven powerhouse?

Look at this momentum, it's really similar!

At this moment, no one dared to underestimate Qin Feng.

Even Mo Lao showed a cautious look.

In short, in their opinion, they have attached great importance to Qin Feng, and they have not underestimated it at all.

But they don't know that they still underestimate Qin Feng!

Is Qin Feng comparable to a seventh-level heavenly powerhouse?

His strength is already at the first level!

The high heavenly powerhouse!

These people simply can't imagine!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng had reached the top of the army.

The two sides are getting closer!

Mo Lao and other local powerhouses used detection techniques one after another to spy on Qin Feng...

"Not good! He's a challenger!"

Boom~!

All the local-level powerhouses spied out Qin Feng's identity at once, and all of them were shocked.

There was an exclamation in the field!

But without waiting for the strong people to react, Qin Feng has already taken action.

I saw that he had a seal in his hand!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, within a radius of 10,000 miles, the world changes color!

Countless thunder, wind, fire, earth, water, crazy riots...

Immediately after that, the sky is falling apart, and the end is coming!

Boom~boom~boom~bang!

Earth cracks, volcanoes erupt!

Countless magma spurted out, instantly engulfing a large number of Cang clan disciples.

Ka~ka~ka~cha!

Nine days of shock, dark clouds cover the sky!

Thousands of wild thunders, like torrential rain, slashed at all the Cang clan disciples.

At the same time, countless flame meteorites, wind blades, ice arrows, and fireballs fell from the sky and smashed into the crowd frantically.

Suddenly, in a radius of 10,000 miles, the sky and the ground are full of attacks.

Everything is falling apart!

The doomsday natural disaster has officially arrived!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Under the natural disaster, the Cang clan army suffered a devastating blow

Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!

Terrible screams, one after another!

Among the Cang clan's children, some were killed by meteorites, some were killed by thunder, some were swallowed by magma, some were chopped by wind blades, some were penetrated by ice arrows...

The field instantly turned into a purgatory on earth!

One after another Cang clan disciples fell!

Corpses are everywhere!

Bloody!

At the same moment, another white light of energy flew up from those corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically...

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +140,000 energy value, +2 points, your pet will get +13,000 energy value...]

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +90,000 energy value, +1 point, your pet will get +08,000 energy value...]

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +150,000 energy value, +2 points, your pet will get +14,000 energy value...]

 …

Suddenly, Qin Feng's energy value and points were soaring all the way!

In just a moment, he slaughtered more than a thousand Cang clan disciples...

His monstrous weather that summons wind and thunder, meteorites, earthquakes, and various natural disasters is like a demon **** coming to the world, killing all living beings and slaughtering the world!

"Do not!"

"Stop him! Stop him!"

The eyes of the local-level powerhouses were blood red.

They can no longer allow Qin Feng to kill.

Otherwise, Qin Feng will slaughter the entire army!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, Lan Xuan's nine prefecture-level powerhouses attacked Qin Feng together.

The nine earth-level powerhouses joined forces, and the momentum was earth-shattering and invincible!

At the same moment, Mo Lao roared, his body suddenly swelled several times, and his shirt burst in an instant, revealing his muscular upper body.

On its back, there was a tattoo of a mythical beast unicorn, which seemed to be resurrected at the moment, with smart eyes and golden light all over the body.

That is Mo Lao's totem **** pattern!

At this moment, he saw that Qin Feng was not easy to mess with, so he used his trump card directly.

The totem pattern is now!

Mo Lao took out a small ball of golden light divine blood and swallowed it...

At the same moment, Lan Xuanjiu had already killed Qin Feng.

"stop!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Lan Xuan and nine people shot Qin Feng at the same time.

Nine attacks, earth-shattering!

Together, the momentum is monstrous!

"die!"

Qin Feng raised his hand with a knife and faced the attack of the nine people.

All of a sudden, the sword qi shot up to the sky, one after another!

That knife slashed away, slashing the heavens of life and death, and the six reincarnations!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Blood splashed again and again!

With just one knife, Qin Feng cut off the attack of the nine people, and even split the nine people in half.

The shrill screams echoed endlessly!

One after another, dazzling white light poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the guardian (prefecture level) successfully, you get +193 attributes, and your pets get +44 attributes... The current pass card collection progress is 24/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (prefecture level) successfully, you get +203 attributes, your pets get +51 attributes... The current pass card collection progress is 25/30. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +227 attributes, and your pets get +56 attributes... Currently, the progress of collecting 187 cards is 26/30. 】

…………

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng instantly killed nine earth-level powerhouses.

Not far away, Mo Laogang swallowed the drop of divine blood and raised his aura to the level of Jiuzhongtian.

But at this moment, he was dumbfounded!

He opened his eyes wide in horror.

Heaven level!

This is a peerless powerhouse at the first level of heaven!

Omg~!

He actually encountered a heavenly powerhouse!

That's one of the best characters!

Rumor has it that when you reach the heavenly realm, you can rejuvenate your youth.

Now this young man is not a young man, but an old monster who has been rejuvenated.

"Kill!"

It was at this moment that an earth-shattering cry of killing sounded from below.

Qi Yue led Long Yuan's army to kill!

At this moment, the Cang clan army in the field was almost killed by Qin Feng, only three or four hundred people were left, and they were all disabled and defeated soldiers.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Qiyue waited for more than 700 people, like a flock of tigers into a flock of sheep, and as soon as they arrived, they defeated the remnants of the soldiers, killing people to their knees, and the shrill screams rang out again!

Mo Lao woke up, turned around and ran away!

huh~!

Qin Feng teleported and arrived behind him.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!