Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

After all, these people are his own Dragon Country compatriots, and he naturally hopes that these people can be stronger.

After experiencing the resource gambling incident, he realized that there should be resource gambling in the future.

On Blue Star, it is not uncommon for countries to have bad intentions towards the Dragon Kingdom.

Thinking of this, he switched to the chat channel.

It was late at night, and the chat was still hot on the channel.

The diligence of the people of Longguo is evident.

At the moment, Qin Feng sent two sentences directly.

Qin Feng: "From now on, only the corpses of the level 3 vicious beast white fox will be acquired, and the corpses of the remaining level 3 vicious beasts will be stopped."

Qin Feng: "The corpses of level 4 and level 5 beasts will continue to be acquired. Remind everyone that the number of level 1 exquisite steel knives is limited, first-come first-served!"

"Wow! Big Qin Feng has spoken!"

"Wow! Idol! I'm so excited to see Qin Feng appear!"

"My God! Boss Qin Feng, do you only want the corpse of a level 3 white fox? Do you want the corpse of other level 3 beasts?"

"Woo~! Woo~! I'm still thinking, if I kill another level 3 beast, I'll exchange some barbecue with you! I didn't expect you to need it!"

"Upstairs, Qin Feng's boss made it very clear that he needs the corpses of level 4 and 5 beasts the most now. Let's go hunt and kill level 4 beasts!"

"Haha! Upstairs, our team has already hunted down 2 level 4 beasts. As long as we collect the corpse of another level 4 beast, we can exchange a level 1 steel knife with Boss Qin Feng!"

"You guys are so efficient! It took our team a long time to surround and kill a level 4 beast!"

"Fuck~! You guys are so awesome! You can even hunt down level 4 beasts!"

Qin Feng was relieved to see this.

These people are already hunting level 4 beasts.

That would save him a lot of time.

At this time, in the chat channel, the head of a man jumped.

It was an elegant middle-aged man named Gu Ming.

Qin Feng was very impressed with him.

Because this person is always in the top five on the ranking list.

Gu Ming: "Boss Qin Feng, I just hunted down a level 2 mutant beast, got a black iron treasure chest, and opened a level 1 item—resource gambling order!"

As soon as the news was released, there was an uproar in the chat channel.

"Fuck~! Resource Gambling Order!"

"Good stuff! Good stuff!"

"Boss Gu Ming, then you launch a betting order! Let's play another resource bet with other novice villages!"

"Yeah! I really want to bet on resources again! Then we can get 20 attributes again, and the resources will be doubled again!"

"Haha! These words touched my heart! The last time was so cool, I really want to do it again!"

"Upstairs, be careful! What if we lose?"

"Haha! We have Qin Feng in our village, can we lose?"

"Gu Ming, you said the resource gambling order, do you want to tell everyone that you want to launch this order?"

Gu Ming: "No. There are special requirements for using this token. I can't use it. I want to use this token to make a transaction with Qin Feng."

Seeing this, Qin Feng was curious.

Qin Feng: "What deal?"

Gu Ming: "I want to use this token, plus the novice short knife in my hand, in exchange for a first-order exquisite steel knife, what do you think?"

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

For him, the deal was a good deal.

The attack power of Tier 1 weapons is generally around 5-8 points.

His Tier 1 Steel Knife only has +5 points of attack, which is considered the most **** among Tier 1 weapons.

But for these newcomers, it is still full of temptation.

Let him use this steel knife in exchange for a resource gambling order, plus a novice short knife, which is very cost-effective.

Qin Feng: "Yes! However, you have to add the corpse of the mutant beast."

Gu Ming: "No problem! I'll give you the corpse! Thank you so much Qin Feng!"

Gu Ming was overjoyed, with excitement in his tone.

Qin Feng: "Come to the hyperspace trading channel!"

Gu Ming: "Okay!"

At the moment, the two switched to the trading channel.

Soon, the two completed the transaction.

Qin Feng took out the harvested items.

A token, a novice dagger, and a corpse of a vicious beast.

The token is all black, made of non-gold and non-iron materials, and is engraved with strange runes. It is a resource gambling order.

[Resource Gambling Order: Each novice village will only appear once, and only the village with the highest level is eligible to use it. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng understood why Gu Ming wanted to sell it to him.

[Reminder: After the token is activated. The village wins, and the activator's reward is doubled. If the village fails, the penalty for the initiator is doubled. 】

Huh~!

It turns out that the rewards and punishments for the initiators are doubled.

In other words, if the bet is lost, other villagers will be deducted 20 attributes, and the initiator will be deducted 40 points.

So, Edward is miserable!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to laugh.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

However, if you win, the Activator's reward will also be doubled.

This doubling is not just a 40-point attribute reward.

If the activator leads the village to victory, the additional 50 attribute points will be doubled to 100 points.

Good stuff!

This token is definitely a good thing!

Qin Feng was very happy.

This token suits him so well.

He couldn't wait, and immediately launched a resource bet.

[Reminder: Wu Yong exchanged three tier 4 beast corpses for one of your tier 1 exquisite steel knives. 】

[Reminder: Hu Neng exchanged your 10 jins of barbecued meat with the corpse of the level 3 beast white fox. 】

[Reminder: Wu Yong exchanged your 10-pound barbecue with a 0-level novice short knife. 】

At this moment, Tiandao sent a series of reminders.

Good things come one after another!

Qin Feng was delighted and quickly took out the bodies of those beasts.

He has brought another good harvest......

Chapter 34 The role of prestige, strength soars!

After a while, Qin Feng finished extracting the corpses.

With four corpses and a mutant beast, he gained another 11 attributes.

good! good!

So far, the level 3 beasts have been fully extracted by him, and there is no need to continue the acquisition.

Thinking of this, he entered the chat channel.

There was a lively chat in there.

Gu Ming: "First-order weapons are easy to use! Haha!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! I was also at Boss Qin Feng's just now, in exchange for a steel knife!"

"Wow! I really envy the two bosses! When will I also have a Tier 1 weapon!"

Wu Yong: "Upstairs, if you work hard to level up and hunt down more level 4 beasts, you will naturally be able to get it!"

"Boss, you said it simply! The level 4 beasts are so strong, we, the level 2 ones, don't dare to touch them at all!"

"By the way, Gu Ming, you just said that you can't use the resource gambling order, why?"

Gu Ming: "The token is only qualified to be used by the highest-ranking person in the village, and it is unique. A novice village will only appear once."

As soon as these words came out, the audience was in an uproar.

"Wow! That's what it is!"

"Haha! Now that the token is in the hands of Qin Feng, that's just right!"

"Boss Qin Feng, when did you start the resource gambling?"

"Yes! We are looking forward to it!"

"Boss Qin Feng, give us a letter!"

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone was looking forward to it.

Seeing this, Qin Feng replied.

Qin Feng: "Don't worry, everyone! It's midnight now. I believe many people are mentally tired and not in the best state. When everyone returns to their best state during the day, we will start gambling again!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone agreed.

"Makes sense!"

"It's still big brother Qin Feng who is thoughtful!"

"Yes! I've been so sleepy that I can't hold it anymore. Even if there is barbecue, it can only restore my physical strength, not my energy, and I can't do it without rest!"

"Support Qin Feng's decision! Let's prepare well, raise our spirits, and fight again in the daytime tomorrow!"

"Haha! That's how it should be!"

Seeing everyone agree, Qin Feng smiled.

Before he knew it, he had established his prestige in No. 911 Novice Village.

In fact, his real thoughts were not delayed because of sleepiness.

With the strength of his energy, he has long surpassed the realm of mortals. Even if he does not sleep for three days and three nights, he will not feel sleepy at all.

His real idea is to go deep into the most dangerous level 10 beast area first, and then start a resource bet.

Level 10 beasts are the most dangerous, provide the highest energy value, and upgrade the fastest.

He has the greatest chance of winning!

After he enters the level 10 fierce beast area, then start the bet, which can save him a lot of time on the road.

The journey from the level 6 area to the level 10 area is not short!

It's just that he doesn't want to say these real thoughts.

Thinking of this, he sent another sentence in the chat area.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, from now on, stop buying the corpses of all level 3 beasts, and only buy the bodies of level 4 and 5 beasts, as well as the corpses of mutant beasts."