Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Tongtian Dao Qi slashed down!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split Mo Lao in half, and the corpse rolled down from the air.

The next second, an extremely dazzling white light poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +571 attributes, +4.34 million energy points, and +81 points. 】

[Successful killing the guardian (earth level), your pet gets +131 attributes, +970,000 energy points, and +13 points. 】

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, two upgraded white lights lit up on Qin Feng's body.

One is his!

One is Xiao Luan'er!

They are all upgraded at the moment!

Chapter 279 The order is now, and the harvest is overwhelming!

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, two upgraded white lights lit up on Qin Feng's body.

One is his!

One is Xiao Luan'er!

They are all upgraded at the moment!

【Your level has been promoted to level 24! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

【You get 20 free attributes! 】

In just a moment, Qin Feng was promoted to level 24, and his momentum skyrocketed.

Immediately afterwards, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: Mayor Qin Feng has killed more than 30 prefecture-level guardians, obtained 30 guardian pass cards, and the pass card collection task is complete! 】

[Task reminder: The third stage of the task of the god-level village, the collection of guardian vouchers and pass cards is completed, and the mayor Qin Feng has obtained the pass order for the Totem Temple. 】

Om~!

A golden token slowly fell along the beam of light.

Qin Feng was delighted and caught the token.

Token in hand!

At this point, the third phase of the task is considered to be two-thirds completed.

Next, he only needs to take the token, go to the Totem Temple, and complete the task of the last stage.

At the same moment, this mission reminder also resounded in Longyuan Town.

Longyuan Town suddenly cheered up and down!

The progress of the mission has finally taken a big step forward!

But he said that after Qin Feng got the pass, he put it away, and then slowly fell from the air.

At this moment, the battle below is drawing to a close.

Those Cang clan remnants are not the opponents of Long Yuan's army at all.

In particular, Qiyue's strength is comparable to that of an earth-level triple heaven powerhouse, and one person can sweep the audience.

When Qin Feng fell to the ground, those battles were all over.

At this point, the Cang clan army was completely wiped out.

Time is running out!

The crowd began to clear the battlefield.

Qin Feng also released the four avatars, only to clean up the bodies of those powerful people at the prefecture level.

The corpses of ordinary Cang clan disciples have already been taken out by him, and there is no need to deal with them.

And he didn't like the items on the human-level disciples.

In this way, Qin Feng and others were busy cleaning up the audience...

At the same moment, the Cang Clan headquarters, next to the teleportation formation.

Patriarch Xuan Qiong stepped onto the teleportation formation.

Cang Min followed.

The two were about to go to the Yuan clan headquarters to participate in the Seven Clan General Assembly.

At this moment, Xuan Qiong was looking in the direction of Tayue Town, feeling a little uneasy for no reason.

"Patriarch, are you worried about Elder Gu and Elder Mo?"

Cang Min asked in a low voice.

Xuan Qiong sighed with emotion: "I don't know why, I feel a little uneasy for no reason. Gu Lao and Mo Lao will not really have an accident, right?"

Cang Min reassured: "Patriarch, don't worry! Old Gu and they will be fine! Now, the challengers have just finished the novice assessment period, and their strength is very weak. They have no power to resist in front of Old Gu."

"As for Mo Lao, let alone. He has just set off, and he is still far away from Tayue Town, so it is even more unlikely that an accident will happen."

Xuan Qiong nodded slightly: "It makes sense! I was overthinking it!"

Cang Min said to himself again: "Patriarch, maybe when we come back, we can get news of the great victory of Gu Lao and others. Tu Guang, a novice village, should be able to get a lot of points, right?"

"Maybe, relying on Gu Lao's battle, our Cang clan will be able to enter the top 100 in the rankings. That's a lot of benefits!"

Speaking of this, Cang Min's eyes are full of hope.

When he said the top 100 points, he was referring to the top 100 in the Blue Star Realm Challenge Zone.

This includes the participation of hundreds of thousands of village forces above level 0, thousands of guardian forces, and some mysterious forces.

It's not that easy to get into the top 100.

However, as long as you enter the top 100, the benefits will be unimaginable.

After Cang Min said this, Xuan Qiong's heart also floated.

yes!

With the strength of Elder Gu and Elder Mo, how could something happen?

If they go this time, they will definitely be able to win.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "Cangmin, let's go! I hope that when we come back, we can hear the good news from Elder Gu and Elder Mo."

"Haha! That's natural!"

"Cangmin, wait until the Yuan Clan headquarters. When you communicate with the elders of the other clans, don't let the rumors go."

"The patriarch can rest assured that information is the most precious resource in the early stage of the hegemony. Cangmin will never reveal anything about Tongtian Lake."

"That's good!"

At the moment, the teleportation array lit up with white light.

The two left with a relaxed look on their faces...

From the beginning to the end, they never thought that Old Gu and Old Mo's army were completely wiped out.

The big crisis of the Cang clan is slowly approaching...

At the same time, on the other side of the battlefield.

Qin Feng has already collected the spoils.

The corpses of ten prefecture-level powerhouses provided him with 3 skills and 340 attributes, as well as ten storage rings.

Among those storage rings, there are more than a dozen fourth-order equipment, and there is even a fifth-order equipment, and the harvest is extremely rich.

As for various material resources, there are more.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng was quite satisfied.

At this time, he took out a small ball of divine blood from a storage ring.

It was obtained from Mo Lao.

I saw that the divine blood had its own aura, and it also contained a looming divine might.

[Kirin blood essence (low-grade): a sixth-order item, low-quality kylin blood essence, contains a huge power of kylin blood, and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the talent of Qilin blood can refine the blood of Qilin. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of Qilin blood essence. 】

It really is the blood of the divine beast unicorn!

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

The Qi clan has the talent of the Qilin bloodline, and Qiyue is the best among them. She is already a C-level bloodline talent.

This small group of Qilin blood essence should enable that girl's bloodline talent to be promoted to B rank, and then it can greatly enhance her strength.

As the messenger of light and the messenger of darkness under Qin Feng's seat.

Xiao Luan'er's talent and strength are not a problem.

Qiyue's talent is also extremely good, but her strength is weak.

Qin Feng is also worried about how to improve the strength of this little girl.

Now, the opportunity for this improvement is coming.

This mass of blood essence can greatly enhance the strength of the little girl.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out a white jade bottle and collected the Qilin blood essence.

Having said that, the unicorn is also the top existence among the divine beasts, but compared with the real dragon, it is still a step behind!

Both are low-grade blood essence, the real dragon blood essence can reach the seventh rank, and the unicorn blood essence only reaches the sixth rank.

Based on this comparison, we can judge!

The dragon is the spirit of all beasts, and has its own extraordinary qualities.

Having said that, Lao Gu and Lao Mo both have totem marks on their bodies, as well as the blood of divine beasts.

Presumably these things are related to the Totem Temple.

Maybe, there are more advanced gods hidden in the totem temple.

If so, it is a great opportunity!

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart became hot, and he was even more looking forward to going to the Totem Temple.

At this moment, Qi Yue and others also finished cleaning up the battlefield and came over one after another.

"Master, the battlefield has been cleaned up!"

Everyone's faces were full of joy.

In this battle, they all gained a lot.

Especially Qiyue, who killed dozens of Cang clan's children in a row by one person, gained the most benefits, his level has also risen to level 15, and his combat power has reached 270 stars.

At this moment, she couldn't hide the joy on her face.

"Master, all the spoils of war are placed in this storage ring, please take a look!"