Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qi Yue respectfully handed over a storage ring.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't look at it! It's an old rule, half of these spoils are rewarded to today's fighters. The other half will stay and be used as the logistical resources of the village."

"Yes!"

Qiyue put away the storage ring.

Everyone was overjoyed.

"Thank you boss!"

"Thank you boss!"

"Haha! That's great! However, we didn't do much, so we're a little ashamed!"

Liu Xuan and others expressed their gratitude.

They naturally know that this is the boss's care for them, and they are naturally grateful.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's talk less, there is not much time. Everyone, go back to the zero-dimensional space and stand by! Next, there is a battle to seize the Cangtu Ministry!"

"Yes!"

The people took orders.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he put Liu Xuan and others into the zero-degree space, and only Qiyue was left in the field.

"Yue'er, this armor is for you!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he took out a set of silver armor from the storage ring.

That battle armor is full of light, exquisite workmanship, and extraordinary bearing.

After Qiyue took it, she was surprised.

That was actually the fifth-order battle armor - the silver moon battle armor!

It's Tier 5 equipment again!

The master has given her two fifth-order equipment in a row, and this is the third one.

"Master, why did you give Yue'er such good equipment?"

The little girl was a little embarrassed.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Take it!"

This silver moon armor was obtained from Mo Lao's storage ring.

"Um!"

Qiyue put it away obediently.

At this moment, her heart is warm and her heart is very happy.

The master is so kind to himself, he should like himself.

The last time, she wanted to dedicate herself to the master, but she didn't succeed.

However, the master should understand her intentions.

Next time, if she tries harder, she will definitely succeed.

Thinking of this, the little girl's face turned red.

Qin Feng didn't know that the little girl was thinking wildly, so he took out another white jade bottle and handed it over.

"Yue'er, this is for you too!"

"Oh!"

Qi Yue took it and glanced into the bottle.

The next second, she was shocked.

The bottle contained that drop of Qilin's true blood.

"Master, this is the blood of the sixth-order divine beast, you..."

"Little girl, accept it! This drop of blood essence is the most suitable for you. Besides, Xiao Luan and I are both B-level blood talent, but you are C-level blood talent. You still want to be pulled down by us. ?"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Hearing this, Qi Yue's heart moved.

right!

As one of the master's two messengers, she can't be compared by Xiao Luan'er all the time, and she can't keep holding her back.

In terms of talent, she is inferior to Xiao Luan'er, only the bloodline talent is left.

She really had to accept this mass of blood.

"Master, accept it that month."

Qiyue put away the jade bottle with a serious look on her face.

"Yue'er, next, you still have the task of guarding the Cang Soil Department. You must improve your strength as soon as possible to be able to defend the Cang Soil Department, so you must refine this group of divine blood as soon as possible."

"Well, Yue'er understands!"

"Let's go! Time is running out!"

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng took Qiyue into the zero-degree space, and then released a fire, turning all the corpses in the field into ashes.

After doing this, he hurried to the Cangtu Ministry.

Chapter 280 Tianwei kills

Just as Qin Feng rushed to the Cangtu Department, something was happening in Longyuan Town.

Longyuan Town has a huge site, and there are as many as 17 branch villages.

At this moment, in a novice wooden house in Longqi Village.

Liu Yuan received a man and a woman.

The man's name is Li Xianhu, and the woman's name is Li Xianyue.

These two people are not from Longguo, but from Xiaopoguo in Asia.

However, they are descendants of the Chinese, and their ancestors are from the Dragon Kingdom.

"Brother Liu Yuan, can you really help us join Longyuan Village?"

At this time, the Li Xianhu brothers and sisters looked at Liu Yuan expectantly.

As we all know, Longyuan Village only recruits people from Longguo.

In the regional channel, countless people wanted to join Longyuan Village, but they were all rejected.

This made the villagers of various countries very disappointed.

Brother and sister Li Xianhu also felt sorry.

They thought that they would never have the opportunity to join Longyuan Village again.

But he didn't want to, Liu Yuan came to the door on his own initiative and said he wanted to make a deal with him, and then sent him an animal fur through the trading channel.

Li Xianhu felt strange, so he took out the animal fur.

Seeing this, he was surprised.

I saw that the animal skin was bought, and a paragraph was written in the language of the Dragon Kingdom.

If it is not a descendant of the Chinese family, I am afraid that I cannot understand the words.

The main idea of ​​the text was to ask their siblings to come to Longqi Village to meet Liu Yuan.

Liu Yuan had a way to get them to join Longyuan Village.

However, this must be kept secret!

When Li Xianhu got the news, he was very excited.

Immediately, he pulled his sister, avoiding everyone's eyes and ears, and rushed to Longqi Village without stopping, and as expected, he saw Liu Yuan.

"No! Not to join Longyuan Village, but to join Longyuan Town. Today, our Longyuan Village is a 5th-level town."

Liu Yuan said proudly.

"Hey~! Level 5 town!"

"Oh my God!"

Brother Li Xianhu was stunned.

The two looked at each other without saying a word.

Other villages can't even build a level 0 village, and Longyuan Village is already a level 5 town.

Just like their 716 villages, they managed to build a level 0 village with 000 Yi, but they failed the natural punishment assessment and were beaten back to their original shape.

Now, their siblings have become homeless refugees.

Such a comparison is really a high judgment!

No~!

It is a sky and an underground!

Longyuan Town is in the sky!

They are in the village!

It doesn't match up at all.

Thinking of this, the two brothers and sisters were even more eager to join Longyuan Town.

At the moment, Li Xianhu regained his excitement and looked at Liu Yuan with a serious face.

"Brother Liu Yuan, let's get straight to the point now! What do you need me to do? Are we two brothers and sisters qualified to join Longyuan Town?"

His tone was sincere.

Liu Yuan nodded in satisfaction, secretly thinking that this guy is indeed a smart person.

No wonder he was able to build the 716 village into a level 0 village, but he failed in the first level of punishment.

But it is undeniable that this Li Xianhu is a talent.

"Very good! It's easy to deal with smart people, so I won't make detours. Li Xianhu, I need you to go undercover and join Yuelong Village."

Li Xianhu was surprised: "Why?"

Liu Yuan sneered: "In the regional channel, Yuelong Village, Dengta Village, Cosmic Bangbang Village...these eight villages are openly allied. They are recruiting a large number of refugees, and they should make some moves in the next step."

"Now, I need someone to enter their alliance and know what they are going to do next. And you are the most suitable candidate. You are already level 12, and your strength is among the best in the regional channel."

"If you go to Yuelong Village, they will definitely give you a place as a villager. When the time comes, you will naturally know what they are plotting. After the matter is completed, your brothers and sisters will be eligible to join our Longyuan Town."

Li Xianhu was stunned, but not surprised.

Longyuan Town has always refused to accept people outside the Dragon Kingdom, and now they are willing to accept their brothers and sisters.

He pondered for a while, and then said: "I am willing to go to this matter."

Liu Yuan's eyes lit up: "Refresh!"

Li Xianhu added: "However, after I went to Yuelong Village, if I discovered their secret, how should I tell you secretly?"

Liu Yuan smiled slightly: "It's very simple! You can write the secret on the animal skin through the trading channel and trade it to me."

Li Xianhu's eyes lit up: "This method is feasible! Then this matter should not be delayed. If it is late, I am afraid that Yuelong Village will become suspicious, and it will be difficult for me to get in a good position."

"It's true! Then you go now! Yuelong Village is not far from Longqi Village, and you should be able to arrive this afternoon."

"Okay! Then my sister..."

"She stays here!"

"clear!"

Li Xianhu simply bowed his hands and was about to leave.

"elder brother!"