Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Li Xianyue was a little panicked.

Since childhood, she has never left her brother's side.

The siblings have a great relationship.

Li Xianhu turned his head and smiled: "Xiaoyue, you stay in Longyuan Town. Wait for my brother to complete this secret mission. Our brothers and sisters are from Longyuan Town."

"Brother...I..."

"Xiaoyue, it's safe for you to stay here. Brother Liu Yuan, please take care of my sister."

"Of course!"

At the moment, Li Xianhu stopped talking and left directly.

He naturally knew that Liu Yuan kept Li Xianyue as a hostage.

The purpose is to prevent him from betrayal!

He can understand this very well.

Smart people don't need much explanation.

Besides, he didn't intend to betray.

He really wanted to complete this secret mission.

At the moment, after Li Xianhu got out of the wooden house, he hurriedly left Longqi Village and rushed to Yuelong Village...

With his level 12 strength and his status as the number one powerhouse in 716 Village, it shouldn't be difficult to become a villager in Yuelong Village.

Presumably the head of the village, Nguyen Phuc, will definitely greet him...

At the same time, inside the wooden house.

After Li Xianhu left, Li Xianyue looked a little uneasy.

Liu Yuan reassured: "Don't worry! It will only take a day or two for your brother to be an undercover agent. When our boss finishes dealing with the trivial matters in his hand, he will clean up the group of guys."

"Boss? Is it Qin Feng?"

As soon as Qin Feng was mentioned, Li Xianyue's eyes lit up, and worship was hidden deep in his eyes.

Qin Feng's fame has long resonated throughout the regional channel, and a girl like her is somewhat throbbing.

What's more, Qin Feng himself is a rare handsome guy.

"Of course! There is only one boss in our town, and the only one, and that is Qin Feng!"

Liu Yuan's tone was full of respect.

For Qin Feng, he has great respect.

"Okay! Just rest in this room! If you need anything, I will send someone to arrange it."

Leaving this sentence behind, Liu Yuan walked out of the wooden house.

As soon as he came out, a female townsman walked over.

"Brother Yuan, how are things going?"

The female townsman asked with a concerned look on her face.

Liu Yuan breathed a sigh of relief: "It's over, the problem shouldn't be big. By the way, is Li Xianhu gone?"

"Let's go! I think he is heading towards Yuelong Village."

"That's good! Xiaolin, you are optimistic about Li Xianyue, let her stay in your wooden house, and don't let her run around."

Chen Lin smiled slightly: "Brother Yuan, don't worry! With my strength, it's easy to watch over her."

"That's good!"

Liu Yuan let out a sigh of relief.

This matter, he finally dealt with.

The task arranged by the boss, he will definitely do it perfectly.

He is very honored to be able to solve problems for the boss.

Gradually, the people of Longyuan Town grew up unconsciously...

At the same time, the Cangtu Ministry stronghold.

In a certain stone house, Heiming frowned.

He is the son of Heilong and the current head of the Cangtu Ministry.

However, his strength is only at the peak of human level.

Today, the Cangtu Ministry has become more fragile than ever.

There are only more than 600 people left in the entire tribe, all of them in the human-level realm.

"Boss Heiming, we just went to check. At the entrance of Sunlight Canyon, except for some scorched marks, we didn't see any suspicious people."

A disciple of the Cangtu Ministry reporting to Hei Ming.

Heiming's brows furrowed even deeper.

The entrance to the Sunlight Canyon is near the Cangtu Department, only a few dozen miles away.

Just an hour ago, there was a huge bombardment sound, as if someone was attacking the barrier at the entrance of Sunlight Canyon.

He was worried in his heart, so he sent his children to check.

"Hey! Not long after Mo Lao's army left, there were all kinds of strange explosions near our tribe. I don't know which force did it."

"Right now, our Cangtu Ministry is unprecedentedly vulnerable. The disturbing movement around here is unsettling!"

Hei Ming sighed helplessly.

The disciple hurriedly said: "Boss Heiming, if you don't report this to the headquarters, there will be monsters when things go wrong! Sunlight Canyon, which has been quiet for many years, has been making frequent explosions recently. I'm afraid it's not normal."

Hei Ming nodded slightly: "It makes sense!"

But as soon as those words fell, an exclamation came from outside the house.

"Boss Heiming! It's not good! It's not good! An army is coming!"

"My God! An enemy is coming!"

Boom~!

Hei Ming was shocked and rushed out of the stone house!

As soon as he rushed out, he saw that a group of people were slaughtering their stronghold.

Those people are all agile!

The leader was a fifteen- or sixteen-year-old girl in silver armor, carrying a long black sword and arrogant arrogance.

That was exactly what Qi Yue led the Long Yuan army to kill!

"Fight! Fight!"

Heiming cried out anxiously.

Immediately, Cang Clan disciples poured out from every corner of the Cangtu Ministry.

In just a moment, five or six hundred people gathered in the field.

But at this moment, above everyone's heads, the space was distorted.

Then, a handsome young man with a phoenix feather on his back appeared out of thin air, standing proudly in the air.

Qin Feng appeared!

Before Hei Ming and others could react, the monstrous dragon's might radiated from Qin Feng's body, overwhelming and overwhelming the audience in an instant.

As soon as the dragon's might appeared, an invisible force field was formed in a radius of hundreds of miles, suppressing the world.

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

Suddenly, within a hundred miles, the ground cracked and the stone house collapsed!

Wow~! Wow~! Wow~!

Hei Ming and the others spurted blood, swaying and standing unsteadily.

Some people with poor strength are directly paralyzed to the ground.

Omg!

This young man can make them hurt just by his own coercion.

This is clearly the power of heaven only possessed by the powerhouses!

As soon as the cultivation base reaches the realm of heaven, it will bring its own power, which can kill some weaker people.

Because of this, Heaven-level powerhouses often regard human-level as ants, invincible in the world!

fear!

Infinite fear!

Hei Ming and the others all turned pale and looked at Qin Feng in horror.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue and others arrived, like a flock of tigers entering a flock of sheep, killing them instantly.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

The sound of slicing meat continues!

The blood shoots again and again!

The terrifying screams continued!

One after another Cang clan disciples fell!

Qiyue and the others were like chopping melons and vegetables, killing the Cangtu tribe without the ability to fight back.

Above the sky, Qin Feng stood still.

But one after another, white light of energy flew from below and poured into his body.

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +43,000 energy points, +1. points...]

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +51,000 energy value, +1. point...]

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +47,000 energy points, +1. points...]

His energy value and points are skyrocketing!

It turned out that he had injured all the Cang clan disciples with Longwei Zhen just now.

Right now, those Cang clan children were slaughtered by Qiyue and others, and Tiandao assigned him the corresponding energy value and points according to the rules of team formation.

In just a moment, Qiyue and others killed the Cang clan's children and successfully seized the Cangtu tribe's stronghold.

Qin Feng also took out a title deed card!

Now that he can finally collect his third land

Chapter 281 Crazy harvest, tens of thousands of attributes!

Qin Feng also took out a title deed card!FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Now that he can finally collect his third land...

Immediately, he broke his finger and dripped blood into the **** card.

Om~!

After a while, Ditchka absorbed the blood essence, and the aura was released!

The entire Cangtu Ministry's stronghold was affected by the sensation of heaven and earth, and it shook endlessly.

Then, the title deed card turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You are integrating the land deed card (Cangtu Department's land boundary)...]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the land of the Cangtu Ministry, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (lower grade) and get 100-0 points. 】