Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

It turns out that you can get a site - you can also get points!

Points are a good thing!

What a surprise!

Looking at the meaning of this information, the site is also graded, and the higher the grade, the higher the points.

The land of the Cang Soil Ministry is of the lower grade, and it should be the worst first-class site.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was secretly delighted, he glanced at his personal score, and suddenly reached 4171 points.

Looking at the points of Longyuan Town, it has reached 5211 points.

The points of Longyuan Town are the sum of the points of all people in Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng is quite satisfied with so many points.

The competition for points hegemony has just begun. According to Elder Qishan, if you can get 1,000 points in the first three days of the competition, that's pretty good.

And Longyuan Town has broken five thousand points.

He also broke 4,000 points personally.

Should be a good result.

As for whether he can make it to the top ten list, he has no idea in his mind.

After all, not only hundreds of thousands of village forces, but also thousands of guardian forces, and a very small number of mysterious forces participated in this ranking.

Qin Feng didn't take village power seriously.

Although the number of guardian forces is small, all of them are at the elite level and are very powerful.

The mysterious force is even more so!

These forces are his rivals with Longyuan Town.

Thinking of the guardian force, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

At least one-fourth of the guardian forces will have heaven-level powerhouses, and there are many powerhouses above the second-level of heaven.

With his current strength, he is not yet a heaven-level second-level opponent.

Now, he has captured a stronghold of the Cang clan, which is equivalent to actively exposing Longyuan Town.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Next, Longyuan Town will definitely have to fight with the guardian strength of this area, and all kinds of wars are inevitable.

Therefore, he must improve the strength of himself and Longyuan Town as soon as possible in order to cope with the various challenges that follow.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Congratulations, the number of sites has increased to 3, and the upper limit of your subordinates' combat power has been increased to 1,000 people again. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, a series of prompts followed.

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue has a combat power of over 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Qi Jie's combat power has exceeded 100 stars, and you have received 50 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your villager Sun Lei's combat power has exceeded 100 stars, and you have been rewarded with 50 attribute points. 】

 …

Boom~Long~Long!

One after another, the energy feeds back, rushing frantically.

Those energy feedbacks are all above 100 stars.

Each one can feed back 50 attributes!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's attribute points soared wildly all the way, extremely terrifying...

Every time the number of sites increases, the upper limit of feeding back will increase by 1,000 people!

This is the biggest advantage of acquiring a new site!

In short, such a shocking feedback!

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour before it ended.

Qin Feng has received feedback from his subordinates 700 times in total.

According to Tiandao's reminder, with his current combat power, he can only get feedback from the townspeople whose combat power exceeds 100 stars.

Longyuan Town's battle strength has broken through 100 stars, and currently there are only about 700 people.

Of course, with the speed of development of Longyuan Town, sooner or later the number of people breaking through the hundred stars will reach a thousand.

In short, Qin Feng is already very satisfied.

"I don't know how many attribute points have accumulated?"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Feedback is over, it's time to check the results.

Thinking of this, he opened the panel and checked it.

[Free attribute points]: 37630 points

Boom~!

A full thirty-seven thousand points!

The gain is huge!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were ecstatic.

Of course, so many free attribute points are not only fed back, but also obtained a lot of attribute points when killing Mo Lao and others.

This accumulation is more than 37,000 points!

good! good!

The gain of so many attribute points is more than 5,000 points more than what he gained in the punishment assessment.

When he finishes adding these points, his strength will skyrocket again.

At this moment, Qi Yue and others had already cleaned up the battlefield.

Qin Feng descended from the sky, released the psychic fit, and released Xiao Luan'er.

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she looked around in surprise.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Dad! We have occupied the Cangtu Ministry!"

The little guy shouted excitedly.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Hey~! Dad! My combat power has reached 900 stars!"

At this time, the little guy found that his strength had improved greatly, and he screamed even more.

Qin Feng looked at it dotingly and smiled without saying a word.

This way, one person and one pet are combined to do the task, but Xiao Luan'er has gained a lot of benefits.

Today, its combat power has reached 900 stars, and with the power of foundation building, it can reach 1200 stars, which is a proper prefecture-level peak strength.

In addition, its level has also reached level 18, which is not far from the level 20 transformation.

He is looking forward to the appearance of the little guy after transformation.

"Master, the battlefield has been cleaned up!"

At this time, Qi Yue, Liu Xuan and the others came over with excited faces.

In this battle, Qin Feng almost didn't make a move, allowing Qi Yue and others to gain the greatest benefit.

As a result, Qi Yue and others all upgraded one after another, and their strength also increased greatly.

Especially Qiyue, who killed the most and gained the most benefits.

Now, she has skyrocketed to level 16.

Having said that, it took Qin Feng half an hour to get from the place where Mo Lao was killed to the Cangtu Department.

But in the zero-degree space, two and a half hours have passed.

In the past two and a half hours, the little girl has refined the sixth-order Qilin blood essence, raising her bloodline talent to B-rank.

Her combat power has also skyrocketed.

In addition to what she gained from the battle just now, her combat power suddenly reached 400 stars, a proper fourth-level strength.

However, the little girl is equipped with Tier 5 equipment, as well as a variety of powerful talents, and even mastered the talent of time, and her comprehensive strength can completely compare with Wuzhongtian.

Seeing such a situation, Qin Feng was greatly relieved.

Next, he assuredly handed over the heavy responsibility to Qiyue.

"Master, the spoils are all here."

"Old rules!"

Qin Feng glanced at it lightly and didn't care about the spoils.

He didn't even care.

"Yes, Master!"

Qiyue put it away respectfully.

Liu Xuan and the others were all excited.

According to the old rules, they will soon get a large number of rewards again. Following the boss, they really have meat to eat!

Having said that, after this series of battles, Liu Xuan has also risen to level 15.

Now, his combat power has reached 180 stars, which is not far from the goal of 200 stars.

Generally, if you reach 200 stars, you can try to go to the Holy Martial God Temple to challenge the foundation building assessment.

Lei Jue, Long Shan, Wu Yong and others are only slightly worse than Liu Xuan, and the situation is similar.

"Boss, I left a living hole!"

At this time, Qi Jie walked out from the crowd.

He also carried a dying Cang clan disciple in his hand.

That child, his legs have been cut off by him.

Liu Xuan frowned: "Qi Jie, how can you keep alive? These guardians should be killed so as not to leave hidden dangers."

Qi Jie hurriedly said: "I left this alive because I wanted to force him to find out everything about the Cang clan. Today, we still know very little about the Cang clan forces."

0

"How many people do they have left, how many prefecture-level powerhouses, how many strongholds, and what is the task of the Cang clan and the clan to guard the totem temple? We all know nothing."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly.

It does!

At present, Longyuan Town's understanding of the Cang Clan is really limited.

Qin Feng also nodded approvingly.

This Qi Jie, like Liu Yuan, has a more flexible mind.

"Yue'er, heal this man!"

"Um!"

Qi Yue hurriedly stepped forward and used her wood talent to heal the Cang clan prisoner.

I saw the blue light flashing in her palm, and strands of wood anger poured into the captive's body.

After a while, the dying prisoner was more than half of his injuries.