Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He opened his eyes weakly.

As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw Qin Feng and others surrounding him, and his eyes suddenly became frightened, and his face turned pale.

Qin Feng glanced at the captive lightly, then turned to Qi Jie.

"Qi Jie, this guy is handed over to you!"

Qi Jie was overjoyed: "Don't worry, boss!"

As soon as the words fell, he dragged the prisoner and walked to the stone house beside him.

He has incomparable respect for Qin Feng.

Since the boss has personally arranged the task, he can definitely ask the useful information for Longyuan Town from the prisoner's mouth.

"Next, you clean up the battlefield. Clean up this stronghold! Those unnecessary stone houses are also flattened. We will turn this into our new stronghold in Longyuan Town."

"Yes!"

All the subordinates agreed.

"Liu Xuan!"

"exist!"

"Go to the chat channel to post information. Anyone with a combat power of 70 stars can come to the Cangtu Ministry. For the time being, there are only 3,000 people."

"This subordinate will do it!"

Liu Xuan respectfully took the order.

Unconsciously, Liu Xuan and others claimed to be their subordinates in front of Qin Feng.

This is very rare for Blue Star, which focuses on equality.

But in this world of killing the heavens, everyone's mood is changing.

Liu Xuan and others willingly followed Qin Feng.

After the task, everyone immediately took action.

One by one, they began to clean up the bodies and flatten some useless stone houses.

Xiao Luan'er also cooperated with them, releasing golden flames one after another, turning those corpses into ashes...

Qin Feng also started busy with some chores.

After a while, Tiandao's announcement resounded through Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Longyuan Town has obtained the third base - the land boundary of the Cangtu Ministry. 】

[Longyuan Village Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar', the address is located in the boundary of Cangtu Department... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Mayor Qin Feng has modified the teleportation authority of the Teleportation Array (Cangtu Ministry), canceling the teleportation authority of all external forces. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Town cheered.

So far, Longyuan Town has completely controlled the territory of the Cangtu Ministry, and the sphere of influence has expanded again.

At this moment, Liu Xuan was very excited.

With the teleportation array, he can transfer 3,000 townspeople from Longyuan Town whose combat power exceeds 70 stars in a very short period of time.

As long as these people arrive, the defense strength of the Cangtu Ministry will be greatly enhanced!

What's more, the boss has established a guardian altar to assist the defense in the Cangtu Ministry, making the Cangtu Ministry's station more stable.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

With this thought, Liu Xuan entered the chat channel to make arrangements.

The task arranged by the boss, he naturally has to actively complete it.

At the same time, the land of the Cang Soil Ministry was beside the teleportation formation.

Qin Feng opened the property panel as soon as he finished dealing with the teleportation array.

After a while, his free attribute points have reached 38130 points.

Just built a guardian altar, and let him get 500 attribute rewards.

The trivial matters have been dealt with, it is time to add some points and improve the strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng cheered up

Chapter 282 Sneak into the Cang Clan Headquarters, Seven Killing Valley!

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town, everyone was excited.

"Brothers, that's great! Boss got another turf!"

"Yeah! Our sphere of influence in Longyuan Town has expanded again."

"Haha! I'm going to be stationed at the Cangtu Ministry!"

"I want to go too! I heard that there is a place called Gen Valley next to the Cangtu Department. It is a strategic resource point where a large number of pentium nuclei are produced."

"Pentysite core! That's a necessary resource for upgrading to level 5. My wooden house is already level 4, and I just need a piece of pentagonal core to upgrade to level 5."

"Me too! There is only one piece of pentadium crystal nucleus! Upstairs, go to guard the land of the Cangtu Ministry together, maybe you can get the moon first and get the pentadium crystal nucleus earlier."

"Everyone, don't worry! Elder Qishan has brought a group of Qi's children to the Cangtu Department. The problem of the lack of Wutu crystal cores in our Longyuan Town will be solved soon."

"Wow! That's great!"

"As a result, our Longyuan Town is currently upgraded to level 6, and it's just a matter of quenching gold."

"Yeah! Ice stone, green wood core, and pentagon crystal nucleus, these strategic resources, we all have mines. Huo Liuli, the boss has a solution, and every time I buy in large quantities. Next, it will be hardened. gold."

"Ice stone, green wood core, fire glaze, pentagon earth crystal, sky quenched gold, these are born according to the five elements! Water produces wood, wood produces fire, fire produces earth, earth produces gold, and gold regenerates water, which is interesting!"

In the chat channel, everyone was excitedly analyzing.

Today, Longyuan Town is booming, and everyone is full of expectations for the future.

At the same time, Liu Xuan has organized townspeople with a combat power of 70 stars to come to the Cangtu Ministry.

It's just that there are too many applicants, and he has to make some choices.

Today, Longyuan Town has nearly 6,000 combat power that has broken through 70 stars.

A quarter of an hour later, the land of the Cangtu Ministry.

Qin Feng has finished adding points.

After this addition, his combat power skyrocketed to 2971 stars, reaching the peak level of the first layer of heaven.

The combat power range of the first layer of heaven is from 2000 stars to 3000 stars.

The combat power range of the second level of the sky is 3000 stars to 4000 stars.

If he is combined with Xiao Luan'er, he can completely reach the second level of heaven.

This increase in strength made him very satisfied.

"The first level of the sky is at its peak! I should be able to enter the Totem Temple alone!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Exploring the Totem Temple is a B-level quest.

Killing the Alienized Judge is a C-level task with triple difficulty.

The Alienization Judge is the pinnacle of prefecture-level strength.

Generally speaking, B-level tasks are at least ten times as difficult as C-level tasks, and may even be twenty times as difficult.

In this comparison, there should be a BOSS of the first level of the sky, or even the BOSS of the second level of the sky in the B-level mission.

With his current strength, he is just right for that task.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Everything is ready, just waiting for him to go.

At this moment, footsteps were heard not far away.

Qiyue and Liu Xuan came over.

"Master, the corpses at the scene have been cleaned up, the layout of the stronghold has been sorted out, and the wooden houses of the townspeople can be moved over."

"Boss, the three thousand townspeople who are here to be stationed have been selected. They are preparing and will come over by teleportation soon."

The two reported the progress of the work.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Very good! Qiyue, from now on, you will be in charge of all matters of this station. Xiao Luaner, Liu Xuan, you assist Qiyue and guard this stronghold."

Guji~! Guji~!

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly flew off Qiyue's shoulder and cried out anxiously.

"Dad! Dad! Didn't I go to the Totem Temple with you? Why did you keep me here?"

The little guy was obviously in a hurry.

It knows that the totem temple must be very dangerous, and there is definitely a heavenly existence in it.

Dad went alone, I was afraid it would be unsafe.

Only when it goes with Dad, and the two of them join forces, can they deal with the existence of heaven.

"Yes! Master, the Totem Temple is very dangerous, you should let Xiao Luan'er go with you!"

Qi Yue also looked anxious.

The master is everything to her, but she doesn't want the master to have an accident.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't worry! With my current strength, even if there is no help from Xiao Luan'er, the second level of heaven can't do anything to me. At most, I can't beat me, just run away."

Hearing this, Qiyue and Liu Xuan were all moved.

The speed at which the master's (boss) strength increases is really terrifying!

Qin Feng continued: "On the contrary, it is this station that has deeply guarded the sphere of influence. Not only the Cang clan, but also the people of the Zhi clan frequently appear around. Sooner or later, they will find out what is unusual here."

"It's impossible to hold on to you alone. If you let Xiao Luan'er stay, it's not a big problem to hold on. After all, Xiao Luan'er is already at the peak of the prefecture-level strength. It can be said that one side is the overlord and guards the other side."

Hearing this, both Qiyue and Qiyue nodded their heads.

Qin Feng's words are very reasonable.

They have just established the Cangtu Ministry's stronghold, and the foundation is not stable. This is the most dangerous place.

If there is no prefecture-level peak sitting in the town, it will definitely not be able to hold.

If there is Xiao Luan'er in charge, it shouldn't be a big problem.

Coupled with Qiyue's assistance from the side, one masters time talent, and the other masters space talent, so that ordinary top-level peaks can't do anything to them.

Qin Feng's arrangement is perfect.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Dad! Then you must be careful when you go to the Totem Temple alone!"

Xiao Luan'er called out a few times reluctantly.

It is worried about Qin Feng.

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Don't worry! I can handle it! When that task is completed, we will annihilate the Cang clan and completely clear up the hidden dangers in this area. By the way, the scorpion clan must also be eradicated!"

Guji~! Guji~!

Xiao Luan'er and the others' eyes lit up and their hearts were boiling with enthusiasm.

That's what they most want to do.

However, Qin Feng is currently pressed for time, and he must complete the task of the Totem Temple as soon as possible, so the task of annihilating the Cangzu will be postponed.

After all, the nine clans of the Cang clan are very scattered, and it will take a lot of time to annihilate them all.

And Qin Feng's Totem Temple mission has only 23 hours left, so he must speed up.

At the moment, after explaining these trivial matters, Qin Feng went to the teleportation array.