Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, he released a clone and stood beside the teleportation array.

Om~!

After a while, the teleportation formation was activated, Qin Feng turned into white light, and disappeared into the formation.

At the same moment, the clone was sealed, penetrated into a spiritual light, and penetrated into the teleportation array.

Kacha~!

A soft sound!

In the teleportation array, the mark left by the Cang clan was completely wiped out.

So far, the people of the Cang clan can no longer use this teleportation array to teleport to the Cangtu Ministry stronghold.

Qiyue and others will also be safer.

puff~!

At this moment, there was a soft sound!

The clone collapsed and turned into starlight.

At this moment, Qin Feng was thousands of miles away, and his clone collapsed.

If the clone is too far from the main body, it cannot exist alone. This is the law of heaven.

"Master is gone!"

Qiyue looked at the direction in which Qin Feng disappeared, a little reluctant to part.

Guji~! Guji~!

Xiao Luan'er is even more reluctant 0

"Miss Qiyue, the boss will be back soon. We should also lay out this stronghold and do a good job of defense."

"That's right!"

At the moment, the group is busy...

At the same moment, thousands of miles away, the Cang Clan headquarters, the square in the northwest corner.

There are two teleportation formations there, one leads to the nine tribes of the Cang clan, and the other leads to other guardian forces.

Beside the teleportation array, there are two Cang clan disciples guarding it.

In the pavilion not far away, an old man was sitting, sipping tea leisurely.

The old man had a strong aura, and suddenly he was a powerhouse of the Earth-level triple heaven.

He is also responsible for guarding the teleportation array.

The teleportation array is very critical, often the first time intelligence information, as well as the attack of foreign enemies, may come through the teleportation array, so it must be guarded by special personnel.

Om~!

At this moment, one of the teleportation formations lit up with a dazzling light.

Someone sent it over!

The two guardian disciples quickly looked over.

Even the old man in the pavilion put down the teacup in his hand and looked over.

But in the next second, the three of them were stunned!

I saw that after the white light passed, there was no one in the formation.

what happened?

Shouldn't someone send it over?

Is it just air being sent?

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Just when the three of them were puzzled, three white lights suddenly lit up in the formation, rushing towards the three of them.

The speed was so fast that it broke the sky, and it was appalling!

puff~! puff~!

Two quick beeps!

The two guardian disciples were pierced between their eyebrows, and blood shot out from the back of their heads.

not good!

The last old man was horrified and turned to flee.

puff~!

But after all, he took a step slower, and was still pierced by the white light hole, and he fell down.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Three corpses fell in a row!

The old man's body even knocked over the tea table, causing the tea cup to fall and smash to the ground, but it still made a lot of noise.

At this moment, the light in the teleportation array distorted, and a figure appeared, it was Qin Feng.

It turned out that he just used invisibility.

This appearance, the three corpses flew three white lights, pouring into his body...

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you get +170,000 energy points, +2 points and 3.8 points. 】

[Kill the guardian (human level) successfully, you will get +190,000 energy value and +3 points. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +137 attribute points, +1.04 million energy value, +24 points. 】

Knew it!

It is still cost-effective to kill the Earth-level Guardian!

Today, Qin Feng's murder-level guardian has no attribute points to feed back, only energy points and points.

Still, it's not bad!

This appearance, Qin Feng did not dare to delay, he quickly waved his hands and took the three bodies into the zero-degree space.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

In the space, his clone will deal with these corpses.

After doing this, Qin Feng looked around.

This place is the headquarters of the Cang Clan, which is much larger than the Cangtu Department, surrounded by loud voices, and there should be prefecture-level powerhouses.

The movement here, I am afraid that it will be discovered soon, and it is not suitable to stay for a long time.

Soon, Qin Feng's eyes locked in one direction.

On the left side of the Na Cang Clan headquarters, there is a huge valley entrance.

That should be the Valley of Seven Kills!

The Totem Temple is in the Valley of Seven Kills.

One of the guardian duties of the Cang Clan is to guard the entrance to the Seven Kills Valley and prevent any outsiders from breaking in.

At the moment, Qin Feng became invisible again and dived towards the entrance of the valley.

Chapter 283: Heaven Level 2, Beast God!

Qin Feng quietly sneaked out of the Cangzu headquarters.

It went very smoothly!

It didn't take long for him to dive to Taniguchi.

Before he entered the valley, he heard chatter coming from the valley.

"Brother Xuan Ye, today is the end of the novice assessment period. Those challengers' novice villages and space barriers should have disappeared, so should my family be dispatched?"

"Yeah! Time is money! Presumably, many guardian forces have been secretly dispatched. Whoever finds a challenger's novice village first will develop. That's a lot of points!"

"Hey! The day after tomorrow, Tiandao will announce the ranking list, and the competition will be more intense at that time. If we don't do it now, I'm afraid that our clan will fall behind! I heard that the Han clan's children have already found it in the Ten Thousand Beast Mountain area. Signs of some challengers."

Hearing this, Qin Feng's heart moved slightly.

The Ten Thousand Beasts Mountain area is far from Tongtian Lake and should be the site of the No. 2 area.

It seems that the scope of these seven guardian forces is not only the No. 1 area, but also borders other challenger areas.

In fact, Qin Feng guessed right.

The seven major guardian forces, including the Cang clan, bordered more than a dozen challenger forces, and District 1 was only one of them.

At this time, there was another voice inside.

"Brother Cangyun, in fact, our clan has already dispatched. Today, the clan leader has sent Gu Lao and Mo Lao, each leading a few thousand people, to the Tongtian Lake area. It seems that a few days ago, in which area, the challenger was discovered. trace."

"That's great! With the strengths of Elder Gu and Elder Mo, they must be able to reap the rewards soon. Especially during this period, the challengers have no barrier protection, and their positions are open to the outside world."

"Yeah! The old man also heard that Tiandao divided the challengers into 10 regions. Villages in the same region know the locations of other villages."

"So, as long as Old Gu and the others find one of the villages and catch two survivors, they can follow the path and find other villages."

"exactly!"

"Haha! Then this time, Elder Gu, Elder Mo and the others will make great contributions."

In the valley, the tone of the two was full of confidence.

Qin Feng frowned slightly when he heard this.

yes!

In the same area, other villages know the location of the headquarters of Longyuan Village.

This is not a good thing!

It seems that when he finishes dealing with the Totem Temple, he will destroy the villages of those western white-skinned people, so as not to leave future troubles.

With that in mind, he quietly stepped into the valley.

After entering the valley, he saw the entrance of the valley and built a pavilion.

Inside the pavilion, an old man and a middle-aged man gathered around the stone table, chatting while drinking tea.

Looking at the momentum of the two, they all reached the fifth level.

And below the pavilion, there was still a group of Cang clan disciples, all of them with peak human-level strength, there were more than 30 people.

Obviously, this group of people is guarding Taniguchi and forbids anyone from entering.

This Valley of Seven Kills seems to have become a forbidden area for the Cang Clan.

At this moment, the voice of the man Cang Yun came from the front.

"Brother Xuan Ye, I have been guarding this Valley of Seven Killings all the year round, and I have long been suffocated. This time, the battle for hegemony in the world is imminent. I want to find the patriarch and ask to go out to fight those challengers. It should be much more comfortable than guarding the Valley of Seven Killings. ."

Xuan Ye smiled: "Brother, guarding this Valley of Seven Killings is boring, but you have priority to enter the Totem Temple. Don't you want to be like Gu Lao and Mo Lao, and get totem Divine Marks and Holy Blood from the Totem Temple?"

Cangyun sighed: "Hey! Of course I thought about it! Unfortunately, without the strength of the seventh heaven, I can't accept the totem sacrifice at all. What use do I think? After all, the beast **** in the temple is really mysterious! Is it a human, or a beast?"

Xuan Ye's face changed slightly: "Try not to talk about him behind the back of Lord Beast God. If he finds out and we are talking about it, it will be bad."

Cang Yun also looked nervous: "No way? Isn't Lord Beast God asleep? How could he know?"

Xuan Ye took a deep breath: "Brother, don't underestimate Lord Beast God. His strength is at least the second level of heaven. Otherwise, how could my clan and the clan be willing to obey him?"

"Especially the patriarch of the Qi clan, he is already a first-level powerhouse. But he has great respect for the beast god. Obviously the beast **** is much stronger than him."

Cang Yun took a deep breath of cold air: "So the Beast God is so strong!"

Xuan Ye lowered his voice again and said, "I heard from the patriarch that the Beast God used to be stronger. He was injured for an unknown reason, and his cultivation fell to the second heaven level, so he would fall asleep every once in a while."

"Every time he wakes up, his injuries will recover and his strength will increase."

Cang Yun was surprised: "So, when the beast **** wakes up again this time, his strength will become stronger again!"

Xuan Ye nodded: "That's true! That's why the beast **** asked my clan and the clan to guard the entrances on both sides of the Seven Kills Valley, just because I didn't want anyone to disturb his sleep."

Cangyun nodded slightly.