Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Not far away, Qin Feng was slightly moved when he heard this.

Only at this moment did he know that the hidden BOSS in the Totem Temple was the Beast God.

That is a heaven-level second-level existence!

It seems that it is not an ordinary sky-level double-layer, but it should be the best in the double-layer.

He was careless!

He thought that he had the strength of the peak of the first level of the sky, and with his many talents, his comprehensive strength should be comparable to some weaker existences of the second level of the sky.

But this kind of strength should not be able to deal with the beast god!

That guy is the leader in the second level of heaven, and it is definitely not easy to deal with.

Unless, he can find Xiao Luan'er.

It's not realistic to go back and find Xiao Luan'er now.

He has cut off the connection of the teleportation formation, and he cannot go to the Cangtu Department from the Cangzu headquarters.

Besides, the Cangtu Ministry really needs Xiao Luan'er to guard.

"Don't care! As soon as it comes, let it go! Listening to the meaning of these two people, the beast **** is sleeping, and after I enter the temple, I may not be able to complete the task."

After Qin Feng muttered in his heart, he was ready to go deep into the Valley of Seven Kills.

"Hey! This is..."

But he only took a few steps when he suddenly sensed that the energy around him was fluctuating.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, a flash of aura lit up all around.

Qin Feng looked at it quickly, and saw that there were hidden rune pillars emerging one after another, and all of them were enlightened at this moment.

As soon as those rune pillars appeared, the light in a radius of dozens of miles was distorted.

The aura on Qin Feng's body distorted for a while, and the figure emerged.

His invisibility was broken!

Immediately, he was exposed to Taniguchi.

It turned out that the Cang Clan secretly placed a ban on Taniguchi, just to prevent those who would be invisible from sneaking in.

Sure enough, this time someone actually sneaked in stealthily.

Boom~!

When he was exposed, the audience exclaimed.

"Someone!"

"It's stealth!"

"kill him!"

As soon as Cangyun waved his hand, more than 30 Cang clan disciples rushed towards Qin Feng, all of them with hideous expressions on their faces.

The Valley of Seven Kills is a forbidden place for their clan!

How dare this unfamiliar youth trespass into their forbidden land!

court death!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, more than 30 disciples of the Cang clan who were at the peak of the human level were killed.

hey~!

Qin Feng sighed.

He originally wanted to sneak into the Valley of Seven Killings silently, but it seemed impossible.

Immediately, with a wave of his hand, thousands of wind blades shot towards the thirty or so people.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Blood light shot again and again!

In the blink of an eye, the more than 30 Cang clan disciples were cut into pieces, and they were all slaughtered before they could even scream.

A streak of white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

Another wave of energy value and points harvest!

Cang Yun and Xuan Ye were dumbfounded, their eyes filled with terror.

The young man just raised his hand, and instantly killed more than 30 people-level peaks, looking at the posture is definitely above the Jiuzhongtian.

"escape!"

An exclamation!

The two quickly turned around and fled towards Gu for 190.

"Die~!"

Qin Feng raised his hand with a knife and slashed at the two of them. The thousand-zhang knife swept across the valley, as if cutting the world.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

A bang!

Blood shot!

With just one knife, Qin Feng cut two people in a row.

puff~! puff~!

The two corpses rolled and fell, and two white lights flew towards Qin Feng...

[Successfully kill the guardian (earth level), you get +327 attribute points, +3.04 million energy points, +51 points]

[Successfully kills the guardian (earth level), you get +343 attribute points, +3.27 million energy points, +54 points]

good! good!

After beheading two prefecture-level guardians, I got hundreds of attribute points and 105 points.

It's a nice gain!

However, the movement here is not small.

He had to leave quickly, so as not to get caught and interfere with his mission.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng threw the corpses of Cangyun into the zero-dimensional space and let the clone deal with it.

Afterwards, he cleaned up the battlefield at will, and set a fire to turn the corpses of the more than 30 Cang clan disciples into ashes.

Just after finishing this, he heard a commotion from the Cangzu headquarters.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Hey! Why is the elder Aoki guarding the teleportation formation gone?"

"His table and teacup are overturned!"

"Quick! There is blood here!"

"Not good! Something happened! Something big!"

"Quick! Hurry up and inform a few Supreme Elders! There is something wrong with the teleportation array!"

Suddenly, the riot at the Cang Clan headquarters became heavier.

Qin Feng secretly thought that he should not stay for a long time, and quickly accelerated to the depths of the Valley of Seven Kills...

He only has twenty-two hours left, but he still has to find the Totem Temple in the Valley of Seven Kills.

After entering the temple, he has to go to trigger the task.

After all, time is running out!

he must hurry

Chapter 284 The task is triggered, the nine beast emperors!

At the moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he rushed towards the depths of the Seven Killing Valley.

As soon as he entered the valley, he found that the Valley of Seven Kills was huge.

Looking around, hundreds of miles in radius!

There are lush trees everywhere, and there is no end in sight, and I don't know where the Totem Temple is.

Looking at the sky in the valley, it has always been gray, like an enchantment, and the atmosphere seems a little depressing.

"I don't want so much! Find the Totem Temple first!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and continued to rush to the depths of the Seven Kills Valley.

He estimated in his heart that within an hour at most, the abnormality at Taniguchi would be discovered by the Cang people.

The people of the Cang clan would have guessed that someone had sneaked into the Totem Temple.

Therefore, he has to speed up to find the Totem Temple...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's four avatars perform their respective duties.

Some are extracting several prefecture-level corpses that have just been obtained, some are dealing with novice daggers, and some are alchemy.

There is also a clone that is studying the upgraded functions of Longyuan Town.

Longyuan Village has been upgraded to Longyuan Town, and many new functions have been added, which naturally needs to be studied.

Qin Feng's time is short, and he has no time to pay attention to those, so let the clone do some research first...

At the same moment, the Cang Clan headquarters was in chaos.

Elder Aoki, who was guarding the teleportation array, disappeared, leaving blood on the ground, which is definitely not normal.

The only four remaining elders of the Cang clan have all been dispatched...

Time flies fast!

In a blink of an eye, two hours passed.

At this moment, the deepest part of the Valley of Seven Kills.

Qin Feng looked up at the front.

Just 100 meters in front of him, there is a black temple, reaching a height of 10,000 feet.

Around the temple, there is a vast gray fog, covering most of the temple.

If you don't get close, it's really hard to discover the existence of this temple.

"This should be the Totem Temple, right?!"

Qin Feng carefully looked at the temple in front of him.

I saw nine huge statues of fierce beasts standing at the entrance of this temple, all of them reaching a height of hundreds of feet, with domineering imposing manners.

Take a closer look at those statues, some resemble dragons, some resemble phoenixes, some resemble tigers, some resemble turtles, and some resemble unicorns…

Finally, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the entrance of the temple, where there was a translucent enchantment with a dazzling white light.

Qin Feng thought about it, took out the pass of the temple, and walked towards the entrance...

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.

"Master, the affairs of the Cangtu Ministry's base have been handled almost. At present, there are more than 3,700 people stationed here. However, everyone's wooden houses cannot be moved. You need to do this after you come back."

Qiyue sent a voice communication to report the latest progress.

Voice communication can ignore distance and can be connected tens of thousands of miles away.

This is one of the benefits that Tiandao gives to challengers.

Qin Feng was delighted: "You did a good job! You defend the Cangtu Ministry. As for the wooden house, I will arrange it."

After saying this, Qin Feng called up the village chief operation interface and performed some operations.