Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In order for Longyuan Town to take root in the Cangtu Ministry, it is natural to move the novice cabins of those stationed there.

After a while, a prompt sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Qin Feng, the mayor of the town, appointed Qiyue as the subordinate village head (the land of the Cangtu Ministry), and Qiyue has the village chief-level management rights over the land of the Cangtu Ministry. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Longyuan Town shook up and down.

Even Qi Yue was taken aback.

Has she become the mayor?

It turned out that after Longyuan Village was promoted to a level 5 town, the meritorious appointment function was opened.

This function is to appoint a village chief on the new site.

The village head has the village head-level management authority on that site, such as moving wooden houses, managing public buildings, controlling and guarding the altar, recruiting new villagers, and so on.

With this authority, Qiyue can move the wooden houses of the guards to the realm of the Cangtu Ministry without Qin Feng's personal control.

Of course, Qin Feng's authority is absolutely above his subordinate village chiefs.

Qiyue: "Master, have you appointed me as the village head?"

The little girl's tone was a little surprised.

Qin Feng smiled: "This is a new function of Longyuan Town. In the future, there will be more and more sites in Longyuan Town. It is impossible for me to be meticulous, and naturally I need a group of competent subordinates to take care of it."

Qi Yue suddenly said: "Yue'er understands! Master, before you come back, Xiao Luan and I will definitely guard the Cangtu Ministry. By the way, Master, have you found the Totem Temple?"

Qin Feng: "I should have found it!"

Qi Yue rejoiced: "Master, that's great! There are still twenty hours left, and you should finish it in time."

Qin Feng: "I hope so!"

Soon, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked towards the temple.

This time, he had no idea whether he could successfully complete the task.

After all, the beast **** is a second-level existence, and he can only do his best.

Soon, he reached the entrance of the temple.

Om~!

As soon as he thought about it, he activated the pass in his hand.

I saw that the token bloomed with golden light, covering Qin Feng's whole body.

In the next second, he was wrapped in golden light and easily penetrated the barrier and entered the temple.

This penetration made Qin Feng secretly happy.

All he needed was this silence.

According to the current information, in the temple, the beast **** is sleeping.

It would be best if he could complete some tasks without disturbing the beast god.

Fortunately, he completed the first two stages of tasks and was rewarded with a pass by Tiandao, and then he entered smoothly.

"here is…"

Qin Feng looked up and looked around.

He found that he was in a long corridor with tall white jade walls on both sides, which were carved with many designs of divine beasts.

Behind him is the exit barrier, and the front leads to the unknown.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: You have entered the Totem Temple, and the task of this stage is automatically activated. 】

[Task content: Kill the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god, and receive the task item: the core of the beast emperor (nine)]

[Task content: Kill the Beast God and get the quest item Beast God Core. 】

[Reminder: The Totem Temple is divided into ten floors. From the first floor to the ninth floor, there are nine beast emperors stationed; the tenth floor is stationed with beast gods. Your current location is the first floor of the temple. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Mission content triggered!

With a goal, there is a direction.

No matter whether he can kill the beast **** or not, he will kill the nine beast emperors first.

Thinking of this, he put away the pass, used the invisibility technique, and walked towards the end of the passage.

He wanted to see what the strength of the Beast Emperor on the first floor was? ...

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters.

At the entrance of the Valley of Seven Kills, a large group of people surrounds.

In the crowd, the four old men looked at the bloodstains on the ground and the scorched marks with gloomy expressions on their faces.

These four old men are the remaining four Supreme Elders of the Cang Clan.

Coupled with the patriarch Xuan Qiong, the top combat power of the Cang Clan is only so much.

However, the four Supreme Elders were strong and weak.

Among the four, the black-robed old man had a breath of abyss and was the most powerful. He was suddenly a top-level powerhouse.

This old man is called Hei Lao. Not long after he broke through to the pinnacle of the prefecture level, his strength is only under the patriarch Xuanqiong.

At this moment, he frowned tightly and looked in the direction of the Totem Temple.

"Old Hei, what do you think?"

A Taishang elder respectfully asked.

When the patriarch is absent, all matters within the clan are left to the old Hei to decide.

Hei Lao sighed: "The current situation is very clear. After the murderer killed Aoki, he came to Taniguchi and killed Xuan Ye and Cangyun."

"This person's behavior is silent, and it is very likely that he has invisibility. And his goal is to go to the Totem Temple. Depending on his method, it is very likely that he is a top-level powerhouse."

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the other elders changed slightly.

"Old Hei, what can I do now? Do I need to hunt in?"

A grand elder asked.

Old Hei shook his head slightly: "No! There is an enchantment in the Totem Temple, and outsiders are not like my clan and the clan, who can freely enter the temple."

"If they want to enter the temple, they must forcibly break through the barrier, which will surely disturb the nine beast emperors and beast gods in the temple. At that time, even if he is a top-level powerhouse, he will have to die!"

"And at most, we will be blamed by the beast **** for not being able to protect him. If we wake him up from a deep sleep, there should be no punishment."

"That being the case, we might as well guard this Taniguchi with heavy troops to prevent the murderer from escaping."

As soon as these words fell, the elders nodded slightly, feeling reasonable.

Hei Lao continued: "In addition, we will inform the Qi clan that someone has broken in, and let them send someone in to search. As for the strength of the murderer, we will hide it for the time being."

Today, Hei Lao and others think that Qin Feng is the pinnacle of prefecture-level strength.

This kind of strength is already extremely amazing, and the old man wants to hide it, obviously wanting to make the clan become cannon fodder.

"It makes sense! The old man will inform the clan and let them be on guard, lest the murderer escape from the exit where they are stationed!"

Immediately, a Taishang elder took out a communication jade talisman and began to send messages to the clan.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

At this moment, another Cang clan disciple hurried over and bowed to Old Hei.

"Hei Lao, my subordinates just checked it. There is indeed a problem with the teleportation array! Our teleportation array can no longer communicate with the Cangtu Ministry!"

As soon as these words fell, the whole audience was shocked.

The loss of contact with the teleportation array is definitely a major event.

"It's the Cangtu Ministry again!"

The old man frowned.

Recently, there have been many problems in the Cang Soil Department. First, all the elder-level characters have fallen, and then after the army of Lao Gu and Lao Mo set out from the Cang Soil Department, they lost contact one after another.

Thinking of this, Hei Lao suddenly felt that the problem was not small, and he was inexplicably a little uneasy.

Immediately, he looked at the three Supreme Elders.

"Three, the old man will go to the Cangtu Department to see what happened there?"

"Old Hei, are you going alone?"

Hei Lao: "At the speed of the old man, it only takes a few hours to go alone. This matter should not be delayed!"

"The three of you will stay here and stationed at the exit. With the strength of the three of you together and the support of everyone, even if the opponent is at the peak of the prefecture level, you can keep him. Besides, the patriarch will be there in two or three hours. coming."

"It makes sense! Old Hei, then go to the Cangtu Department and find out what happened there!"

"As it should be!"

At the moment, the group ended the conversation.

Hei Lao hurriedly left the headquarters and flew towards the Cangtu Department.

Chapter two hundred and eighty fifth kill the swallowing viper

At the same time, inside the Totem Temple.

Qin Feng hid his figure and sneaked silently towards the end of the corridor.

I am afraid that Hei Lao and others did not expect that Qin Feng could sneak into the temple without breaking the barrier of the temple.

The Cang clan and the Chi clan have signed a guardian contract with the beast god, so the children of the two clans can freely enter the temple, which is the role of the contract of heaven.

And Qin Feng killed so many Cang clan children before, and obtained a lot of guardian credentials and guardian pass cards

Those cards are formed by the power of the contract.

Tiandao used those voucher cards and pass cards to condense the pass order of the temple, allowing Qin Feng to sneak into the totem temple unimpeded.

Don't say that Hei Lao and others couldn't guess this, even the Beast God and the Nine Great Beast Emperors didn't know.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng walked to the end of the corridor, and his eyes suddenly opened up.

I saw in front of him a magnificent and huge hall, thousands of feet high and tens of thousands of feet wide.

In the center of the hall, there is a strange brown python with a length of 1000 zhang and two front-bending sharp horns.

The scales on his body, like armor, are layered on top of each other, and they are not easy to mess with at first glance.

At this moment, the strange python, with its huge body coiled up like a hill, was lying there quietly, squinting and dozing off.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he launched the eye of insight towards it...

【Ferocious Beast】: Swallowing Viper (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 51

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1000 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Earth (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (Soaring Snake)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Feature] 537: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

"One thousand-star combat power, plus mid-level foundation building, is the strength of the pinnacle of the prefecture level. Even the weakest beast emperor is the pinnacle of the prefecture level. I wonder what the strength of the beast emperor on the ninth floor is?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and went to the west corner of the hall again.

There is a door of light there, which should be the entrance to the second floor.