Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Because the entire hall is closed, except for the corridor to enter, the only thing left is to take the door of light.

Don't want so much, solve this swallow first.

With this in mind, Qin Feng dived towards the swallowing viper.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, the swallowing viper is dozing, it is the best time to kill it silently.

In just a moment, he arrived at the side of the swallowing viper.

The swallowing viper is too huge, and it is nearly a hundred feet high just like a hill.

Qin Feng is like an ant in front of it.

If he wants to kill the swallowing viper in one blow, it is best to hit it on the head.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly unfolded the wings of the wind, soared into the sky, and flew to a height of 100 zhang, reaching the head of the python.

This action caused a gust of wind.

Swallowing Viper was alert and suddenly opened his eyes.

Those huge snake eyes are as tall as two people, which is incomparably astonishing.

At that moment, Qin Feng clearly saw that his figure in the snake's eyes was like looking in a mirror.

Boom~!

Swallowing Viper was shocked and angry, and the momentum burst out.

When did this human come in?

It was right in front of my eyes all of a sudden!

Damn it!

But without waiting for it to think about it, Qin Feng has already taken action.

I saw him pointing at the same sword, and suddenly a thousand-zhang lightsaber burst out from the fingertips, stabbing the swallowing viper head!

That lightsaber is made up of the spirit of gold and energy, and its power is extremely sharp.

puff~!

A soft sound!

The lightsaber directly penetrated the swallowing viper's head!

The scales explode!

Splash around!

A burst of blood spurted out!

The poor swallowing viper had just opened its huge mouth, and before he could react, his head was penetrated.

It suddenly went soft, and its huge head slumped weakly.

The next second, a dazzling white light flew out from the snake corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 51 swallowing viper (imperial level), you get +5.71 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 51 swallowing viper (imperial level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 51-level swallowing viper (emperor level) successfully, two golden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing the 51-level Swallowing Viper (Emperor-level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (second floor) was released. 】

[The 51-level Swallowing Viper (Emperor-level) was successfully killed, and the mission item - Beast Emperor Core (Swallowing Viper) was released. 】

The energy poured into the body, and Qin Feng's level progress skyrocketed a lot.

Killed so easily!

He was overjoyed and hurried forward to pick up the spoils.

[Passing Order of the Inner Temple (Second Floor): Passing Order to the Second Floor of the Totem Temple]

Qin Feng took the token and looked at the door of light not far away.

It seems that he must kill the beast emperor guarding each floor and obtain the corresponding pass before he can enter the next floor!

In fact, when the children of the Cang clan and the Qi clan came to visit the beast gods, they also needed to be confirmed by the beast emperors one by one before they could enter the next floor and finally meet the beast gods on the tenth floor.

Every Beast Emperor has a token that leads to the next level.

Either they take the initiative to let you enter the next floor, or kill them to steal the pass before entering the next floor.

In order to prevent people from disturbing his sleep, the beast **** took great pains and arranged layers of levels.

Qin Feng put away the token and continued to pick up the spoils.

A beast emperor core, two golden treasure chests.

As soon as he saw the two golden treasure chests, he seemed to have thought of something, and his heart suddenly became alive.

He was originally short of four gold treasure chests to close the third purple diamond treasure chest, and now he has two.

If he kills the second Beast Emperor, will two more golden treasure chests explode?

If he can, then when he has all three purple diamond treasure chests, he can immediately use his luck card to open three purple diamond treasure chests.

Three Purple Diamond Treasure Chests!

With the help of the luck card, three seventh-order treasures can definitely be opened.

If he is supported by three seventh-order treasures, he should have a good chance of killing the beast god.

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he saw the hope of completing the task.

Immediately, he happily put away the treasure chest and core, and went forward to extract the body of the swallowing viper.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained the sixth-order soil skill - super petrification! 】

good! good!

Got a skill!

He continues to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Serpent Essence (Lower Rank). 】

[Snake Essence and Blood (Lower Grade): A fifth-order item, the lower-quality Essence Essence of Ascension contains a huge power of Ascension, which can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of the Soaring Snake blood can refine the Soaring Snake blood essence. Or use the Totem Secret Art to temporarily stimulate the power of the Soaring Serpent. 】

Soaring Snake, one of the top divine beasts.

However, it is weaker than True Dragon, Suzaku, and Qilin.

In a word, the blood essence of the fifth-order divine beast is definitely a good thing!

Qin Feng took out a jade bottle, filled it with the blood of the snake, and put it in the storage ring.

After doing this, he made another move, and the huge corpse of the swallowing viper turned into a white light and disappeared.

That was teleported into zero-dimensional space by him, and let the clone deal with it.

The bones of the emperor-level beasts were the best materials for the construction of the teleportation array, and he naturally wanted to collect them.

After dealing with this, Qin Feng took out the pass and walked to the entrance of the second floor.

I hope the Beast Emperor on the second floor can give him two golden treasure chests.

In that case, he will soon be able to open three seventh-order treasures

After a while, Qin Feng arrived at the door of light.

He activated the pass, and easily stepped into the door of light in front of him.

With a whirlwind, it was like being teleported.

In the next second, he was down-to-earth and found himself in a valley, where birds and flowers were everywhere, and there were many spiritual fruits in the valley.

He was suddenly a little stunned!

He thought he would enter a temple, but he did not expect it to be a valley.

Look at those spirit fruits, one by one is extremely tempting.

Lingguo can be eaten directly!

Great help for strength improvement!

Looking at the number of spiritual fruits in front of him, there are hundreds of them, all of which are above the third rank.

Get rich now!

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

Then, his eyes moved forward, and his expression became serious.

Just a few hundred meters in front of him, a giant ape with a height of 100 meters was staring blankly at his position.

The aura on the giant ape suddenly reached the pinnacle of the prefecture level.

It turned out that it was the Beast Emperor on the second floor.

At this time, it seems to have discovered Qin Feng!

Because when Qin Feng came in, the entrance light door trembled.

However, it didn't see anyone, because Qin Feng was invisible.

This made the giant ape puzzled.

It hesitated for a while, then threw away the core in its hand and walked towards Qin Feng's position

Chapter 286 Seventh-order skills! Heavenly hegemony!

Seeing the giant ape coming, Qin Feng hurriedly probed the giant ape.

[Ferocious Beasts]: Tongbei God Ape (Emperor Grade)

[Level]: Level 52

[Boundary]: Earth ~ level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1300 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Wood (A-level), The Law of Body (A-level), B-level Bloodline Talent (Zhu Yan)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi-, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

The combat power of 1,300 stars!

In addition to the power of mid-level foundation building, there should be 1,500 star combat power.

The strength of this back-handed ape is much stronger than that of the swallowing viper!

As expected of the Beast Emperor on the second floor!

"Hey! This guy actually has the law of A-level innate body!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

Four basic indexes: strength, agility, physique, and energy.

He acquired an A-level talent in strength - the law of force.

In terms of energy, he obtained an A-level talent - the awakening of the six senses.

The talents in agility and physique still stay on the B-level talents.

It is really an A-level talent with agility and physique, which is too rare. It is not easy for him to be promoted to A-level.

Unexpectedly, there is an opportunity for an A-level physique talent right now!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, the Tongbei God Ape approached step by step.