Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It was huge and weighed ten thousand kilograms, and every time it took a step, the ground trembled.

In just a moment, it reached the entrance of the light door, and stretched out the hand of the ape, and patted Qin Feng's position.

Although it couldn't see Qin Feng, it felt that this position was a bit weird, so it had to pat it down to see if there was anything there.

Boom~!

When the palm was slapped, the vitality rolled, and the sky shook, as if it could shatter everything.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng took action.

huh~!

As soon as he waved his sword finger, the light-shaped sword energy shot up into the sky, piercing the giant ape between the eyebrows.

This sudden attack caught the giant ape by surprise.

Before its palm fell, the lightsaber approached its eyebrows in the blink of an eye.

Dangerous breath!

Coming in an instant!

But it was too late to dodge!

roar~!

At that moment of extreme crisis, it roared furiously, and the whole body suddenly lit up with golden light, and behind it, the phantom of the divine beast 'Zhu Yan' appeared, penetrating the sky and the earth.

Inherited Skills - Tongtian Hegemony!

Activate instantly!

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

The lightsaber stabbed the giant ape between the eyebrows, but did not pierce its head as expected.

The giant ape just snorted, and was stunned by the lightsaber, back and forth again and again.

It actually blocked Qin Feng's blow!

You must know that Qin Feng's combat power is the peak of the first level of the sky. With the addition of the Law of Strength and the Spirit of Gold, the power of that lightsaber is comparable to a blow from the second-level threshold of the sky.

This giant ape actually blocked it!

That is the power of its inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body'.

Once cast, the physical defense power is increased hundreds of times.

However, although the giant ape blocked the blow, there was still a shallow blood opening between the eyebrows.

Qin Feng's attack is too powerful!

"interesting!"

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and took the initiative to kill the giant ape.

At this moment, his figure was revealed.

In high-speed motion, his invisibility will fail.

roar~!

As soon as the giant ape stabilized, the brows lit up with blue light.

Its injuries recovered instantly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

But before it could take a breath, Qin Feng suddenly killed him and appeared.

When Qin Feng appeared, the monstrous weather rolled over, covering the sky and covering the ground, and suddenly brought its own power.

Omg!

This is a heavenly powerhouse!

The giant ape is terrified!

At this moment, it just wanted to ask for help from the other Beast Emperors.

In the face of the Heaven-level powerhouse, it is not an opponent at all, and can only ask for help.

However, it has a ‘Heavenly Hegemony Body’, even if this human is a Heaven-level 1st-level powerhouse, it will not cost its life.

It can handle it!

Ow~!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot again.

A shocking dragon roar!

Ringing for nine days!

Swish~!

The Shocking Dragon Blade smashed into the sky!

Om~!

The golden light shines again on the giant ape!

Heavenly hegemony!

Activate again!

In the blink of an eye, a knife fell!

Chop on top of Tongtian Hegemony!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Only one knife!

Qin Feng split the giant ape into two halves, and the Tianba body was not blocked.

Before the giant ape died, his eyes were wide open.

It couldn't believe it until it died, Qin Feng was able to break its Tongtian hegemony!

Bang~!

The huge ape body fell heavily to the ground, the whole valley was shaking, and the air was filled with a thick smell of blood.

"Hoo~! Fortunately, it was killed in time!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

If this giant ape sends a distress message, it is very likely to wake up the beast **** in advance, which is not good for his situation.

With his current strength, he still has no grasp of defeating the Beast God.

If the beast gods lead several great beast emperors to besiege them together, his situation will not be good.

Having said that, the defensive skills of this giant ape are indeed very powerful.

If the giant ape has the strength of the first layer of heaven, even if he uses the shocking dragon blade, he will not be able to break the giant ape's defense.

It's hard to deal with then!

Om~!

At this moment, a white light flew from the corpse of the giant ape and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully killed the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor-level), you will get +6.24 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor-level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor-level) successfully, three golden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor-level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (third floor) was released. 】

[Killing the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor Grade) successfully, the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Tongbei God Ape) was exploded. 】

[Killing the 52-level Tongbei God Ape (Emperor-level) successfully, burst out the skill imprint-Tongtian Tyrant Body (seventh-order). 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's body was shocked.

Explosion of the skill seal!

Heavenly hegemony!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

It was a seventh-order skill!

No wonder the defensive power of the Heavenly Ape is so terrifying.

It turned out to be a seventh-order skill!

All items reaching the seventh level are extremely rare and precious.

This time, he made a lot of money!

Qin Feng happily stepped forward and picked up the skill seal.

[Tongtian Tyrant Body: A seventh-order skill, after being used, it strengthens the physical body a hundred times, and strengthens the physical strength several times. 】

good! good!

As expected of a seventh-order skill!

Not only can it strengthen the physical defense a hundred times, but it can also strengthen the physical strength several times.

This is also a way to improve combat power!

However, it is not easy to learn it.

Qin Feng also aimed at the conditional information for learning.

[Learning conditions: Master the law of the body (A-level), and at the same time have the bloodline of the divine beast Zhu Yan, before you can learn. 】

It seems that this skill, he still can't learn it!

The law of the body is better to say.

How to obtain the bloodline talent of Zhu Yan Divine Beast?

0·

This one is almost innate and seems hard to acquire the day after tomorrow.

Otherwise, Lao Gu and Lao Mo would not use the totem pattern, and indirectly used the blood power of the beast.

"Hey! By the way, Totem Divine Rune! If I acquire the secret technique of Totem Divine Rune, and indirectly fuse Zhu Yan Divine Blood, will I be able to learn this skill?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that this method is feasible.

However, where did the totem mysticism come from?

Maybe only the beast **** can master it.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

If he can seize the secret totem technique from the hands of the beast god, I am afraid that he will be able to master the power of the blood of a variety of gods and beasts.

That would be of immeasurable benefit to his future strength improvement!

If nothing else, he will have the opportunity to learn this seventh-order skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body'.

"I don't want so much! Let's finish the scene first!"

Qin Feng collected the skill seal and began to clear the battlefield.

As soon as he waved his hand, he released the four avatars and asked them to pick the spiritual fruit.

Those are all third-order spiritual fruits!

Of course, the four avatars are connected with trees and fruits, and they are uprooted together, ready to be transplanted into zero-degree space.

At the same time, Qin Feng is also cleaning up the scene.