Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"What?! I don't want a level 3 white fox corpse?"

"Woo! Woo! Qin Feng, you are so advanced, we can't keep up with your speed!"

"Hey! It seems that I have to work hard to level up and strive to have the ability to hunt down level 4 beasts!"

"Yes! Let's work hard!"

"Boss Qin Feng, I have something special in my hand. I want to exchange 10 pounds of barbecue with you."

At this time, a man named Huang Longjing's head jumped.

Qin Feng was curious: "what?"

Huanglongjing: "It's some tea! I took it to the Tiandao trading system to judge, and it was judged to be a tier 0 resource. I just picked a pound of tea and wanted to exchange 10 pounds of barbecue with you. Do you think it's okay?"

"Fuck~! Tea is actually a tier 0 resource? I took stones and weeds and went to the trading channel to judge that they were all tierless resources and were judged to have no transaction value."

"Huanglongjing, how do you know which are tea leaves? Don't get me wrong, you picked some poisonous leaves."

Huang Longjing: "You can't go wrong! On Blue Star, my family grows tea leaves. I can recognize it at a glance. I just picked some out of curiosity. I didn't expect it to be a Tier 0 resource."

Qin Feng also became curious when he saw this.

Tier 0 resources are still somewhat useful.

For example, the novice short knife is a tier 0 resource, and it still has 2 attack power.

Why don't you exchange a pound of tea and see what's the use? Maybe you will find something new.

Nowadays, few people in Novice Village have true eyesight.

Many people can't tell the difference even if they get the resources.

The trading channel only determines what level it is, not the specific role.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng had an idea.

Qin Feng: "Okay! Then change it!"

Huang Longjing was overjoyed: "That's great! Boss Qin Feng, thank you so much!"

Qin Feng: "Come to the trading channel!"

Huang Longjing: "Okay!"

Soon, the two entered the trading channel and completed the transaction.

A few minutes later, there was an extra catty of tea leaves in Qin Feng's storage ring.

He took out a little tea and put it in the palm of his hand to observe.

The tea leaves were green and fragrant.

"Looking at the appearance, it can be regarded as a top-grade tea. I don't know what it does?"

With a thought in his mind, the Eye of True Sight activated...

【Name】: tea

[Tier]: Tier 0 (one of the basic resources of Novice Village)

【Efficacy】: Non-toxic, drink after brewing, can promote body fluid and quench thirst, clear heat and relieve fatigue.

"Promoting fluid and quenching thirst, clearing heat and relieving fatigue?"

Qin Feng was curious, so he took a cup of hot water in the stone pot with a bamboo cup, and put in a few pieces of tea leaves.

After a while, the tea fragrance overflows and refreshes the heart.

He picked up the bamboo cup, took a sip of the tea, and felt a mouthful of fragrance.

In the next second, the tea entered the stomach, and there was a surge of fresh air...

[Successful drinking of hot tea, energy recovery +1]

[Successful drinking of hot tea, energy recovery +1]

[Successful drinking of hot tea, energy recovery +1]

………………

"Huh! This is?"

Qin Feng heard Tiandao's reminder in his mind.

At the same time, he found that after drinking a sip of tea, he was particularly refreshing.

He originally had some mental fatigue, but now it is quickly fading...

It turns out that drinking hot tea can eliminate mental fatigue.

good! good!

This is a very useful discovery!

Qin Feng took a few sips of hot tea.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Soon he was in high spirits and reached his peak again.

[Announcement: Qin Feng, a novice, discovered that drinking hot tea can eliminate mental fatigue. As the first finder, reward Qin Feng with 1 reputation! 】

At this moment, Tiandao's announcement sounded in everyone's mind.

Everyone was stunned.

Qin Feng was also slightly taken aback.

But before everyone thought about it, Tiandao came with a new reminder.

[Announcement: The novice Qin Feng's reputation has reached 10 points, he has been awarded the title of 'Novice Elite', and he has received the blessing of heaven. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice elite, the strength index has increased by 5 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice elite, the agility index has increased by 5 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice elite, his body mass index has increased by 5 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice elite, the energy index has increased by 5 points. 】

The original prestige reaches a certain level, but also can increase the strength.

How cool!

Qin Feng was very happy.

The chat channel is even more frying!

"Tsk tsk!! Big Brother Qin Feng has gained 20 attributes again! The strength has increased greatly!"

"It turns out that reputation has such great benefits!"

"Envy! I'm really envious!"

"My God! I found that the boss Qin Feng is very leisurely! Everyone is working hard. He finds that eating barbecue is good for a while, and drinking hot tea is good for a while."

"Yeah! People who don't know, think he's on vacation!"

"Wow! I'm so envious!"

"I want prestige too! I want to be a novice elite too! Woo~ Woo! I'm so envious!"

At this moment, everyone is crazy with envy...

In that mountain stream, after Qin Feng was delighted, he took out the three novice short knives he had acquired.

In just a moment, he transformed the three rank 0 novice short knives into rank 1 exquisite steel knives.

So far, everything is complete!

"It's time to go!"

Qin Feng looked at the night and was ready to leave.

He wanted to get to the level 10 vicious beast area before dawn.

Tomorrow morning, he will start the second resource gambling......

The thirty-fifth chapter has been upgraded again, and the combat power is soaring!

At the moment, Qin Feng cleaned up the scene and was ready to leave.

But at this moment, a huge black shadow flew in the air.

He looked up and saw that it was a giant black bird.

Its wings are spread out, it is three meters long, and it has an owl-like head.

Its golden vertical pupils reflect the cold light that bites people.

This is exactly the level 6 vicious beast—Dark Night Owl!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, revealing a hint of joy.

There are four kinds of level 6 beasts, and he is only short of Dark Night Owl to withdraw twice, and the remaining three are full.

Unexpectedly, another one flew at this time.

Whoo~!

Night Owl hovered in the air.

It looked at the corpses of fierce beasts all over the ground with horror in its eyes.

It was attracted by the smell of blood.

However, it did not expect that this mountain stream was like a purgatory, full of beast corpses.

Dark Yexiao's eyes fell on Qin Feng again, and caution appeared in his golden pupils.

Although this human is only level 5, it feels extremely terrifying and makes him dare not approach it.

The beast corpses all over the ground are full of temptation to it.

Night Owl likes to eat meat, especially the meat of ferocious beasts.

Swish~!

Suddenly, it turned into a black light and dived towards the beast corpse furthest away from Qin Feng.

Swish~!

A sharp claw hook, a pair of wings.

Dark Yexiao grabbed the beast corpse and flew away into the distance, not approaching Qin Feng at all.

In the blink of an eye, it flew dozens of meters away, and it was already in the air.

Seeing it was about to run away.

huh~!

But at this moment, a cold light pierced through the sky, like a white rainbow penetrating the sun, and penetrated Dark Night Owl's body at once.

puff~!

Blood spurt!

Night Owl screamed a few times, and rolled down in the air.

It turned out that when Qin Feng saw that it was about to escape, he was in a hurry and threw a steel knife to shoot it down.

Bang~!

Dark Night Owl fell to the ground, twitched a few times, and stopped moving.

[Successfully killed the 6th-level Night Owl, and obtained +220 energy points. 】

A white light flew into Qin Feng's body.

A warm feeling spread all over his body...

After a while, his upgrade progress reached level 5 (2790/3000). As long as he kills another level 6 beast, he can level up.

Qin Feng was delighted, and hurried forward to extract it, and got 2 more energy attributes.

Nice start!