Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

0

After a while, he got a beast emperor core, a travel order, and three golden treasure chests.

He was overjoyed when he saw the three golden treasure chests.

The explosion rate of this Ape with the back of the back is much higher than that of the swallowing viper.

His third purple diamond treasure chest can be crafted right away.

However, he did not immediately go to synthesis.

There is also the corpse of the Heavenly Ape, waiting for him to extract it!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the corpse and pressed it down with one palm.

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the A-level talent - The Law of the Body. 】

[Your physique talent is automatically promoted from B level to A level successfully! 】

good!

Another A-level talent!

This has enhanced his overall strength by a large margin, and the threshold for learning Tongtian Tyrannical Body has also reached a threshold.

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Zhu Yan blood (lower grade). 】

[Zhu Yan blood essence (lower grade): A fifth-order item, low quality Zhu Yan blood essence, contains a huge Zhu Yan power and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of Zhu Yan blood can refine Zhu Yan blood. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of Zhu Yan. 】

And got a group of divine beast blood.

Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction.

At this time, the four avatars also collected the Spirit Fruit Spirit Tree.

He obtained a total of 73 spiritual trees and 431 third-order spiritual fruits.

The overall harvest is full, much richer than the swallowing viper on the first floor.

This is the second floor!

It's already so rich!

I don't know how much benefit the beast gods on the third, fourth or even tenth floor will bring him?

After adjusting his excitement, Qin Feng put Zhu Yan's body into the zero-degree space and let the clone deal with it.

After a quarter of an hour, the whole place was cleaned up.

At this time, three treasure chests with bright purple light were suspended in front of Qin Feng, all with their own rays of light, which seemed sacred.

That's the Purple Diamond Treasure Chest!

Just now, he finally synthesized the third purple diamond treasure chest.

[Purple Diamond Treasure Chest: 98% chance of opening a sixth-order item, 2% chance of opening a seventh-order item. 】

"It's finally time to open the treasure chest!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and took out the golden luck card from the storage ring.

Whether he has the chance to kill the beast **** depends largely on the result of opening the treasure chest this time.

Chapter 287 Exceeds estimates! Surprise again and again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the **** card in his hand again.

[Luck God Card: A fifth-order **** card blessed by heaven. After using this card, the user's luck will increase a hundredfold within one minute. 】

[Reminder: To use this card, you need to activate it with blood essence. 】

Immediately, he broke the blood clot on his finger and dripped a drop of blood essence into the Qi and Luck God Card.

Om~!

Shenka absorbed the blood essence, and immediately became golden!

huh~!

In the next second, it turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

Boom~Long~Long!

A shocking move!

Qin Feng roared in his body!

Suddenly, the avenue circulates, and the luck reverses!

An invisible and colorless mysterious force spread out from his body.

Mysterious luck!

It can capture the creation of heaven and earth, and shape the intangibility of the sun and the moon.

In a blink of an eye, the God of Luck Card took effect.

[Reminder: You have completely activated the Qi Luck God Card, and within one minute, your Qi Luck will increase by a hundred times. Countdown: 60…59…58…]

The luck is in effect!

Open the treasure chest now!

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and quickly opened the first purple diamond treasure chest.

[Purple Diamond Treasure Chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the seventh-order item - Shinra Heavenly Blade! 】

With a burst of spiritual light, the purple diamond treasure chest disappeared, and Qin Feng had a long knife with a purple handle and a white blade in his hand.

Om~!

As soon as the divine sword appeared, it roared at Qin Feng, as if seeing the master, looking cheerful.

This knife is so smart!

Qin Feng couldn't help but stare at it.

[Shinra Sky Blade: Tier 7 equipment, attack power +2000, strength +500, attack speed +300%, armor breaking +200%, wound tearing +200%, power of the five elements increased +100%, wind, thunder, The power of light and darkness is increased by +100%, and the accompanying skill - a sky-shattering blow, the master is not recognized! 】

[Heaven-shattering strike: The divine sword comes with its own skills. This sword can absorb the energy of heaven and earth independently and store it in the blade. Those energies can be released in an instant and can get 1000-star attack power. 】

[Reminder: The Shinra Sky Blade needs to be stored for 24 hours before it can release a 'Sky Breaking Strike'. 】

Qin Feng's eyes are shining!

good! good!

This Shinra Heavenly Blade is worthy of being a seventh-order battle blade, not only its attributes are better than that of the Jinglong Blade, but it also comes with a powerful skill - Heaven-shattering Strike.

Performing that sky-shattering strike can instantly increase the attack power by a thousand stars, which can be used as a trump card and a sure-fire strike.

The only pity is that this sky-breaking blow requires 24 hours of energy storage before it can be cast once.

However, Qin Feng was already extremely satisfied.

With this Shinra Heavenly Blade, he suddenly had some confidence in the beast-killing god.

Especially the 'sky-shattering blow', which might make him a one-hit kill.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

However, he did not immediately drop blood to confess the Lord.

Time is running out!

He immediately opened the second purple diamond treasure chest.

[Purple Diamond Treasure Chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the seventh-order item - the holy fruit of the soul! 】

The treasure chest disappeared, and Qin Feng had a red spiritual fruit in his hand. The whole body was like jade, and it was translucent, exuding strange spiritual fluctuations.

As soon as it appeared, it automatically released a golden light wheel, and there was a purple glow outside the light wheel.

Within the glow of the glow, the illusion of the disillusionment of the stars and the ups and downs of all beings appeared.

[Sacred Soul Fruit: The seventh-order spiritual fruit, after taking it, can automatically awaken the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

As long as he awakens the seventh sense, he can immediately activate the S-rank talent - the reincarnation of light and dark.

At that time, he will be able to have the first real S-rank offensive talent, which will make his strength skyrocket.

Before, he had been worrying about how to awaken the seventh sense, now the opportunity is in front of him.

But the next second, he saw the reminder to take Lingguo, and he was a little worried.

[Reminder: Eating this spiritual fruit requires an extremely powerful soul body. The souls of human-level and earth-level realms will instantly collapse under the power of this spiritual fruit. 】

[Reminder: Only the soul of the god-level foundation building and the heaven-level realm can withstand the power of this spiritual fruit, please eat it with caution. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was a little stunned.

This sacred fruit of the soul is really unusual. Ordinary earth-level powerhouses cannot eat it, otherwise the soul will collapse.

Only the souls of god-level foundation building and heaven-level powerhouses can withstand its medicinal power.

The process of foundation building will strengthen and reshape the body and soul.

Therefore, the soul strength of the earth-level powerhouse is much stronger than that of the human-level realm.

However, different levels of foundation building have different degrees of soul strengthening.

Low-level foundation building, soul strengthening is the weakest, and the benefits are the least.

The gods build the foundation, strengthen the soul the most, and get the most benefits.

Generally speaking, the soul of a god-level foundation building is equivalent to a heaven-level powerhouse.

"In this way, when I finish dealing with trivial matters, I have to go to the Temple of Vientiane to complete the foundation of the gods."

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, full of expectations for the future foundation building of the gods.

It is related to the complete awakening of his S-rank light and dark reincarnation talent.

Thinking of this, he opened the third purple diamond treasure chest.

[Purple Diamond Treasure Chest has been opened successfully! Get the seventh-order **** card-hyperspace teleportation card! 】

"Hey! What's the use of this?"

Qin Feng was a little puzzled.

However, he didn't have time to take a closer look.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Only the last three seconds are left for the authority of the Luck God Card.

In the last three seconds, he flipped it over and found a golden treasure chest in his hand.

The next second, he hurriedly opened the treasure chest.

【The golden treasure chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the fifth-order pill furnace - Qiankun Hunyuan furnace! 】

[Reminder: The countdown to the luck bonus is 0! The effect of the Luck God card disappears! 】

Ha ha!

The last three seconds!

The golden treasure chest has been opened successfully!

The effect of the luck card has reached its limit!

All the treasure chests on him have been opened!

Three purple diamond treasure chests and one gold treasure chest were all opened.

No regrets left!

Everything is perfect!

At this moment, Qin Feng happily looked at the fifth-order pill furnace in his hand!