Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It was also an item he desperately needed.

He has four avatars to help with alchemy, and none of them have good quality alchemy furnaces.

This Pill Stove can alleviate the lack of high-end Pill Stove0

For an alchemist, the value of a fifth-order pill furnace is probably comparable to a sixth-order item.

Because the fifth-order alchemy furnace can greatly improve the success rate of alchemy.

At the moment, Qin Feng satisfactorily put away the pill furnace and the holy fruit of the soul, and then released the relationship with the Jinglong Blade.

After doing this, he broke the blood and dripped it towards the Shinra Heavenly Blade.

According to the rules of Tiandao, there can only be one certified weapon, so he needs to remove the identification with the Jinglong Blade first.

The blood essence was dripped in, and the Shen Luo Tianren quickly absorbed the blood essence, turned it into a golden light, and merged into Qin Feng's body.

The seventh-order war sword recognized the master successfully!

His aura suddenly skyrocketed!

After doing this, he looked at the last seventh-order item.

[Hyperspace Teleportation Card: Seventh-order God Card, use this card to obtain the permission to create a 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array'. 】

[Hyperspace Teleportation Array: Advanced teleportation array, which can teleport across space regardless of distance. 】

[Reminder: Although it is possible to teleport across spaces, the two spaces need to be in the same big world. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were ecstatic!

Hyperspace teleportation!

This one suits him so well!

If he builds a hyperspace teleportation array in zero-dimensional space, it means that he can return to the major sites of Longyuan Town at any time in any corner of this big world.

For example, he can return to the Cang Soil Department at any time now, and he can immediately return to the Totem Temple from the Cang Soil Department.

In the same way, he can also summon Xiao Luan'er to help.

At the same time, if the Cangtu Ministry was in danger, he and Xiao Luan'er would be able to rush back immediately.

With the hyperspace teleportation array, and with the zero-dimensional space, he is equivalent to carrying a back-and-forth teleportation skill with him, so he can return to his own territory at any time, or come to the battlefield at any time.

In this way, he doesn't have to worry about any forces attacking any of his sites in the future.

As long as it is in this big world, no matter where it is, he can rush back to the rescue scene in an instant.

Ha ha!

This hyperspace teleportation array, 5.1 is really powerful!

After it is paired with the zero-dimensional space, the benefits to Qin Feng are no less than eighth-order items, and I am afraid that it is higher than the Shenluo Tianjian and the soul holy fruit.

At this thought, Qin Feng became more and more excited.

Immediately, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the **** card.

He created a hyperspace teleportation array earlier, summoned Xiao Luan, and fought with him in the Totem Temple.

With that hyperspace teleportation array, even if there is no Xiao Luan'er guarding the territory of the Cangtu Ministry, it doesn't matter much.

Because as long as the Cang Soil Department encounters a problem, he and Xiao Luan'er can immediately sit in the 'hyperspace teleportation array' and rush back to the Cang Soil Department within a few seconds...

Om~!

A clear cry!

God card activated!

It turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: You have successfully activated the hyperspace teleportation card, and you have obtained the permission to create a 'hyperspace teleportation array'. 】

"Success!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and quickly opened the creation channel, and he found that there was an option of 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array'.

He hurriedly clicked on the options to check the materials needed to build the large array

Chapter 288 Strength promotion! Heavenly Level Two!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and quickly opened the creation channel, and he found that there was an option of 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array'.

He hurriedly clicked on the options to check the materials needed to build the large array...

[Hyperspace Teleportation Array Construction Conditions]

[1000 units of stone (level 0 resource)]

[200 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[200 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[50 Space Stones (Tier 3 Resources)]

[30 units of Tier 6 beast bones]

After reading it, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He can easily get these materials.

The space stone was purchased at the Wanxiang Temple. He bought hundreds of them before, and there are still hundreds of them in the storage ring.

Grade 5 vicious beast bones are king-level vicious beast bones and the main material for building ordinary teleportation arrays.

The 6th-level vicious beast bones are the emperor-level vicious beast bones.

The Sky-Swallowing Viper and Tongbei Divine Ape he killed were all emperor-level vicious beasts, and their bones were the bones of level 6 vicious beasts.

He calculated, an emperor-level beast can provide about 10 units of Tier 6 bones.

As long as he kills another emperor-level beast, he will be able to gather enough bones.

As for materials such as stone, fine iron, and fine wood, it is easier to get them.

The only trouble is that it consumes a lot of money, and it takes some time to collect them all.

However, if he activates the power of the whole town, he should be able to collect them soon.

Thinking of this, he was ready to contact Qiyue.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"By the way, Longyuan Town has been upgraded to level 5, and I also have the authority to upgrade to level 7 wooden house. Right now, I need to improve my strength. Why don't I also upgrade to level 7 wooden house to improve my strength."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He had calculated that with the Shen Luo Tian Blade and Xiao Luan's help, there should be a 70% chance of killing the beast god.

If he can improve some more strength, this win rate will be even bigger.

That being the case, why didn't he increase his strength?

What's more, 10, he has this way to improve his strength, why not use it?

You know, upgrading to a level 7 wooden house can get 3200 attribute rewards.

Thinking of this, he opened the operation panel and checked the conditions for upgrading the wooden house to level 7.

[Level 7 cabin upgrade conditions]

[1000 units of stone (Tier 1 resource)]

[300 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[100 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[100 units of high-grade fur (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 Brilliant Stone (Level 5 resource)]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

The most crucial shining stone, Longyuan Town has ready-made.

For today's Longyuan Town, it is easier to upgrade to level 7 than to upgrade to level 6.

Because the 7th level wooden house needs the shining stone, and the 6th level wooden house needs the sky quenched gold.

There are Guangyao Stone mines in Longyuan Town, but there is no sky-quenched gold.

However, this is convenient for Qin Feng!

"It's really good luck! It's time to ask Qiyue for help!"

Thinking of this, he used the voice channel to contact Qiyue.

"Moon!"

"Owner!"

As soon as Qi Yue heard Qin Feng's voice, she quickly responded with joy.

"Master, what's the situation on your side? Everyone is in a hurry now. They keep asking me, how is the progress of your mission? Yue'er doesn't dare to disturb you."

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

Qin Feng also understands.

There are only 19 hours left in this third phase of the task, and everyone is worried that there is not enough time.

In case of failure due to timeout, all the efforts made before will be in vain.

Tiandao will take back the quest rewards of the first and second stages.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er, I have a task for you. This task is related to the success or failure of this task."

Qiyue: "Master, say it!"

Qin Feng: "I need the following materials, the sooner the better!"

At the moment, Qin Feng will build a hyperspace teleportation array, and send a list of materials such as stone, fine iron, fine wood and other materials needed to upgrade the 7-level wooden house.

This time, the amount he needs is not small.

After Qiyue received it, she was still a little surprised.

However, what the master needs, she will definitely go all out to complete it.

What's more, this matter is related to the success or failure of the mission of the Totem Temple, and it must be completed as soon as possible.

Qiyue: "Master, Yue'er will start the whole town to collect it. It should be completed soon."

Qin Feng: "Don't start the garrison of the Cangtu Ministry. Just let them stay where they are and prevent them from being disturbed."

Qiyue: "Well, I asked the townspeople of Tayue Town and Longyuan Headquarters to collect them."

Qin Feng: "By the way, how is the arrangement of the land of the Cangtu Ministry?"

Qiyue: "Master, I have moved the wooden house where the army is stationed. Everything is ready, just wait for you to complete the task of the Totem Temple."

Qin Feng: "That's good!"

After a while, the two ended their conversation.

It's finally arranged!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, he felt a little more relaxed.

Because the materials he needs are not difficult to obtain, it just takes some time.

With the strength of Longyuan Town, it will be able to gather together soon.

When his hyperspace teleportation formation is completed, all the situation will become favorable.

Thinking of this, he took out a spiritual fruit from the storage ring.

The Lingguo is white and red in color, looks like a peach, and has its own fragrance.

Light that fruity aroma, inhaled, it is refreshing.

[Nine Fragrant Fruit: The third-order spiritual fruit can greatly strengthen the physique and enhance the strength. This fruit can also be used to refine the third-order 'Nine Spirit Pill',]