Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Nice spirit fruit!

Qin Feng smiled.

This is the spiritual fruit he got before, and he got a total of more than 400 pieces.

He was also a little hungry, so he took out this spiritual fruit.

Now, when he smelled the fruity aroma, he had a big appetite and took a big bite.

squeak~!

The pulp is crunchy, sweet and juicy!

When the juice entered his throat, it turned into energy and flowed to his limbs, instantly making him feel refreshed...

【Eating Jiuxiangguo is successful! You got +11 points of physique, +3 points of strength...]

【Eating Jiuxiangguo is successful! You got +10 Constitution, +4 Strength...]

【Eating Jiuxiangguo is successful! You got +12 points of physique, +2 points of strength...]

…

At the moment, Qin Feng ate the spirit fruit beautifully, filling his stomach first...

At the same moment, Qiyue entered the chat channel.

She posted Qin Feng's needs.

Everyone knew that it was something the boss desperately needed, and they all responded.

At the moment, everyone who has the conditions has mobilized to help collect materials.

This kind of response made Qi Yue very happy.

She sighed in her heart, the prestige of the master in the hearts of the townspeople is really high...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Qin Feng has filled his stomach.

At the moment, he opened the panel and checked his free attribute points.

Seeing this, he was delighted.

That free attribute point suddenly reached 1970 points.

Those attribute points were not only gained from killing the elders of the Cang clan, but also from the battle strength of their subordinates.

In today's Longyuan Town, more and more people have broken through 100 stars in combat power. For every 100 stars, he can get 50 points of attribute feedback.

In short, he was very satisfied with so many free attribute points.

Immediately, he started adding...

After a while, add points and finish!

His combat power suddenly reached 3011 stars, officially stepping into the threshold of the second level of heaven.

There is such a big progress, not only the addition just now, but also the help of the Nine Spirit Fruit.

Just now, in order to fill his stomach, he ate more than 30 spiritual fruits in one go, and got great benefits.

In short, after this, his combat power has reached the second-level threshold of heaven.

This gave him more confidence for the next task.

"It's time for the next level!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked towards the entrance of the third floor

At this time, he thought of a question.

That's why there is no point reward for killing these beasts?

According to the rules of points hegemony, there are also points rewards for doing tasks.

Perhaps, when he completes the task of the third stage, there will be points reward!

I just don't know, how many points will be awarded for this B-level task? …

At the same moment, in the big world outside, the sun was already setting.

Before you know it, the day will pass.

At this moment, above a certain jungle, four figures are rushing on their way.

There were two people flying in front of Yukong, and one was Xuan Qiong, the patriarch of the Cang Clan.

Beside Xuan Qiong was a gray-haired old man, whose aura was extremely terrifying, suddenly reaching the first level of heaven.

That old man is the head of the cockroach clan - cockroach.

They had just finished attending the Seven Clan Conference and returned together.

After all, the headquarters of the two clans are close to each other, and they are respectively stationed at the two entrances of the Seven Killing Valley.

At this moment, the two were flying and talking.

"Brother Xuanqiong, has your Cang clan discovered something recently?"

The cockroach stroked his beard and smiled, as if testing.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Xuan Qiong felt proud.

Their Cang clan did discover something, and successively dispatched the army of Lao Gu and Lao Mo.

Perhaps, when he rushes into the Hui clan, he will hear the good news of the great victory of Old Gu and the two.

Up to now, he is still full of illusions about Gu Lao and Mo Lao.

He didn't know that Old Gu and Old Mo's army had long since been wiped out.

987 "Brother Fei, you think too much, where did you find anything. With the strength of my Cang clan, even if there is any discovery, it will be behind yours."

Xuan Qiong snorted haha, with a hidden mentality.

The cockroach seemed to be smiling, but not smiling: "Brother Xuanqiong, the old man heard that Mo Lao took a lot of people to the Cangtu Ministry yesterday. If you don't find anything like this, it will be unconvincing!"

Xuan Qiong hurriedly said: "Brother, if I wait for any action, it will be a small fight! By the way, the head of the Yuan family said today that the Yaotian Clan has scored 7431 points. I wonder if this is credible?"

The cockroach's face sank: "The Yaotian clan is the only mysterious force we know about within a million miles. They can get points for killing challengers, and they can also get points for killing guardians. To say that the Yaotian clan has scored 7431 points , not surprising!"

Xuan Qiong sighed: "Hey! These mysterious forces are all blessed! With 7431 points, I'm afraid no force can match it?"

The cockroach was worried: "The mission of the mysterious forces is different from ours. It's not a good thing for them to get so many points! I don't know, the Yaotian family, the next step is to start with the challenging forces or the guardian forces?"

"Yeah! That's really worrying!"

Xuan Qiong smiled slightly.

At this moment, his expression changed, and he took out the communication jade talisman from the storage ring.

It turned out that he had already approached the boundary of the Cang clan headquarters, and the communication jade talisman was finally able to receive information from the clan.

The communication jade is limited by distance.

At the same moment, the cockroach also sensed it, and took out the communication jade talisman from the storage ring.

His clan also sent him messages.

The two looked at the message at the same time.

But after reading the information, Xuan Qiong's face changed greatly.

"No! Brother, I received a message that someone killed a few of my clansmen and broke into the Valley of Seven Kills!"

The cockroach was also shocked: "I also received the same information. My clan has sent several prefecture-level powerhouses to the Totem Temple to investigate."

Xuan Qiong panicked: "Brother, the Beast God asked you and my clan to guard the Valley of Seven Killings, and we cannot tolerate any mistakes. This matter should not be taken lightly! You and us hurry up to the Hui clan and guard the two major exits of the Valley of Seven Killings. The intruder escaped!"

"Exactly!"

Immediately, the two of them rushed towards the Seven Killing Valley.

The headquarters of their two clans are located at the two major entrances of the Valley of Seven Kills.

Chapter 289 Illusory Mirage clone, real dragon blood!

At the same time, over another jungle.

An old man in black robe was flying rapidly towards the boundary of the Cangtu Ministry.

This old man is the black old man!

At this moment, Old Hei's expression changed slightly, then he stopped and took out the communication talisman from the storage ring.

It turned out that the clan sent him a message.

After he read the message, a happy expression appeared on his face.

"The patriarch is finally back!"

Hei Lao put away the communication jade talisman.

As soon as the head of his family rushes back, the head of the Qi clan will definitely rush back at the same time.

As long as the two patriarchs guarded the exit of the Seven Kills Valley, the invaders would never be able to escape.

He was also relieved for the most part about the Totem Temple.

He didn't believe that the invader could go all the way to the tenth floor of the Totem Temple.

I'm afraid that when I'm on the first floor, I'll be eaten by the swallowing viper.

Come to think of it, that intruder is really stupid!

Even the head of the Yuan family did not dare to offend the beast **** easily, that the intruder dared to take the initiative to send it to the door, it was really courting death!

You must know that the Yuanjia Patriarch is a third-level existence.

And Lord Beast God is among the best in the second level of heaven.

Don't think about it anymore, his most urgent thing at the moment is to get to the Cangtu Department as soon as possible to see what happened?

Thinking of this, Hei Laoyao looked in the direction of the Cangtu Ministry.

He'll be there in an hour at most.

The truth will soon be known!

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he continued to fly towards the Cangtu Ministry...

At the same time, inside the Totem Temple.

Qin Feng took the pass and stepped into the light door on the third floor.

With a whirlwind, his feet settled.

Then, he found himself on an isolated island, surrounded by vast seas of smoke and waves, as far as the eye could see...

Look at the green trees on the island, the fragrance of flowers is overflowing, and there are spirit flowers and spirit grasses of the third and fourth orders everywhere, forming a picturesque and beautiful scenery.

Just looking at it makes me feel good.

So many third-order and fourth-order spirit flowers and spirit grasses are the main materials used to refine third-order and fourth-order spirit pills.

The effect of the third-order medicinal pill is better than that of the third-order spiritual fruit.

Not to mention the fourth-order elixir.

Every floor of this totem temple is a treasure!

Qin Feng was delighted to see it.

However, he did not focus too much on the spirit grass, but looked forward.

Just a few kilometers ahead, a strange Jiaoyu protruded its huge head from the bottom of the water, looking in the direction of Qin Feng.

As soon as Qin Feng came in, the light door would light up with white light, causing a little space fluctuation, which was naturally sensed by it.

While it looked at Qin Feng, Qin Feng also looked at it...

I saw that strange Jiaojiao, with white scales all over its body and horns like colorful corals.