Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

His head is the size of a house, and his eyes as big as a grinding disc are overlooking Qin Feng, and he has the potential to look at the world.

Qin Feng also instantly activated the eye of insight.

【Ferocious Beast】: Mirage (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 53

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1500 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Water (A-level), Six Consciousness Awakening (A-level), B-level Bloodline Talent (True Dragon)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

what!

This beast emperor actually has the blood of a true dragon!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

If he kills this mirage, he will definitely get the blood of the real dragon.

And the real dragon blood essence is one of the items he needs urgently.

That can improve his bloodline talent.

Having said that, the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast **** are all rare bloodline spirit beasts!

However, so far, they have not met two beast emperors with the same major attributes.

Wouldn't it be gold, wood, water, fire, earth, light, darkness, wind, and thunder?

If so, it has far-reaching implications!

All nine series!

I don't know what the Beast God is messing with?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the mirage stared at Qin Feng's position, and his eyes lit up with a silver light.

In the next second, the light around Qin Feng's body changed, and his invisibility was cracked.

He was exposed to the mirage.

For a moment, one person and one beast face each other.

There was ridicule in the eyes of the mirage.

It has the eyes to see the truth, can see all essence, can break all illusions, and can break all methods of invisibility.

This humble human being used the technique of invisibility in front of it, which is simply beyond his capabilities.

No matter what, this **** human dares to break into its realm, then he must die!

Ow~!

A shocking roar!

The sound waves swayed, and the sky trembled!

Boom~!

In the next second, the mirage rushed out of the water, with a body of 1000 feet, bringing a mist all over the sky.

Then, it went straight to Qin Feng.

Suddenly, the vitality of the sky and the earth rolled, and the murderous aura filled the sky.

This is the third floor of the Totem Temple!

For ordinary humans to break into this place, they need to defeat the swallowing viper and the ape.

However, it felt that Qin Feng should not be able to defeat Tiantian Viper and Tongbei Divine Ape.

Because it spied out that Qin Feng was only at the human level, and his level was only 24.

How could a 24th-level human in the human-level realm defeat the swallowing viper and the ape.

This guy must have used invisibility to sneak in.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

However, it does not dare to be careless.

With this move, it is ready to exert its full strength

In the blink of an eye, it came close.

Boom~!

The huge Jiaojiao slapped Qin Feng's head with all his strength.

Suddenly, the world changes color!

Wherever the Jiaojiao went, the space shattered inch by inch!

The time force field is also distorted!

The power is terrifying!

That was a full blow from 1,700 stars!

Mirage Jiao's eyes were full of pride.

In its view, Qin Feng will definitely be photographed into meat sauce when this claw goes down.

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Shinra Heavenly Blade meets that claw!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Scales fly!

Blood splashes!

That knife was like cutting tofu, it cut off the claws of the dragon, and continued to slash towards the head of the dragon!

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Thousands of feet of sword energy, slashing the sky!

Directly split the huge dragon head into two halves!

Blood and scales are flying everywhere!

Terrible roar!

Echoes above the island!

The mirage's eyes were wide open, and there was boundless terror in his eyes.

It didn't know until he died that Qin Feng's strength was so terrifying.

But it's too late!

puff~!

The huge Jiao body rolled down from the air...

[Successfully kills the level 53 Mirage (Emperor level), you get +6.84 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 53 Mirage (Emperor level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the level 53 Mirage (Emperor level) successfully, a hidden treasure chest burst out. 】

[The 53-level Mirage (Emperor-level) was successfully killed, and the access order for the inner hall (fourth floor) was released. 】

[Killing the level 53 Mirage (Emperor) was successful, and the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Mirage) was released. 】

[Killing the level 53 Mirage (Emperor level) successfully, the Phantom Mirage Bead (Level 6) burst out. 】

Killing this mirage unexpectedly broke out a hidden treasure chest, which is obviously stronger than the Tongbei God Ape.

Qin Feng happily stepped forward to collect the spoils.

After a while, the loot was collected, and there was a milky white spirit bead in his hand.

[Illusory Mirage Beads: Sixth-order, heaven and earth wonders, can be merged with clones, no master. 】

[Reminder: After the clone is fused with the mirage beads, it can get rid of the limitation that it cannot be far from the main body. Even if it is hundreds of millions of miles away from the main body, the clone can still remain unbroken,]

"Hey! This thing has such a wonderful effect!"

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

For a long time, he felt that the clone was useless.

Some things, he wants to send clones to deal with.

But the clone can't stay away from the main body and can do nothing.

And this Phantom Mirage Bead solved this problem.

At the moment, his mind moved, and he released the four avatars.

Afterwards, the three clones went to collect the spiritual flowers and grasses of the whole island.

Another clone came to him.

Qin Feng hurriedly broke his fingers and dripped blood into the Mirage Bead.

The phantom bead suddenly glowed red, and the recognition of the master was successful.

The next second, under Qin Feng's control, it poured into the detached body on the side.

Boom~Long~Long!

A roar of heaven and earth!

The Mirage Bead released countless divine runes.

One dollar and two poles!

Three talents and four elephants!

Five Elements and Six Harmonies!

After the fusion of those divine runes and avatars is completed, the Mirage Bead will be completely integrated with the avatar.

Suddenly, the aura of the clone changed a bit, and the originally illusory body became extremely solid.

Qin Feng is in the same mind with the distraction.

At this moment, he could clearly sense that this clone was different from the previous clone.

Its aura became more and more stable, and it would not happen again, and the imagination that it would automatically collapse as soon as it was away from the main body.

This is an extremely rare ability!

Qin Feng looked at the avatar with satisfaction.

After a little thought in his heart, he named this clone the 'phantom mirage clone'.

With this phantom avatar, there is no need for him to come in person for many things in the future, just send the phantom avatar to deal with it.

Thinking of this, his mind moved, and the phantom avatar went with the other three avatars to collect those spirit grasses.

Qin Feng glanced at it with satisfaction, then withdrew his gaze and looked at the corpse beside him.

Another emperor-level beast corpse is needed, and the sixth-order bones for building a hyperspace teleportation array are enough.

Next, it was time for him to extract the benefits.

Thinking of this, he stepped forward to extract...