Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the skill - Eyes of Truth]

[Your skill 'Eye of Insight' is automatically promoted to 'Eye of Truth'. 】

The Eye of Insight is an upgraded version of the Eye of Insight. In addition to the ability of the Eye of Insight, it also has the ability to break invisibility. It can distinguish all falsehoods and is stronger than the Eye of Insight.

Qin Feng was satisfied and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood (low-grade). 】

[True Dragon Blood Essence (Lower Grade): A seventh-order item, low-quality True Dragon Blood Essence, contains a huge amount of True Dragon power and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of true dragon blood can refine the blood of true dragon. Or use the totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the true dragon. 】

Got the real dragon blood again!

Qin Feng took a breath and swallowed the blood of the real dragon...

He urgently needs to improve his strength now, and naturally he will not hesitate.

Boom~Long~Long!

The dragon's blood entered his throat and immediately turned into an incomparably majestic energy, like a tsunami that washed away at his whole body!

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +100, Agility +100, Constitution +100, Energy +100! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +101, Agility +97, Constitution +102, Energy +91! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +98, Agility +101, Constitution +98, Energy +92! 】

...

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's body roared constantly, his skin flushed, his muscles soaring, and his momentum soared.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Gradually, his whole body lit up with golden light, and a phantom shadow of a real dragon appeared behind him, and the mighty dragon covered the sky...

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! The concentration of dragon blood in your body is greatly increased! 】

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! You have added 200 star dragon blood power! 】

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Dragon blood refining successfully!

This time, his bloodline talent has not been promoted, but his combat power has increased by 200 stars.

This has raised his combat power to 3211 stars, a big improvement!

At this time, the four avatars have also collected those spirit grasses, and obtained a total of 327 third-order spirit flowers and spirit plants, and 46 fourth-order spirit flowers and spirit plants!

This is another huge gain!

Qin Feng is quite satisfied.

Then, he let the clone return to the zero-degree space, put away the corpse, and walked towards the entrance of the fourth floor.

Having said that, with this corpse, the sixth-order bones have been gathered, and they are waiting for Qiyue's materials.

Chapter 290 The fire of Nirvana is immortal and immortal!

Soon, Qin Feng stepped into the fourth floor of the light gate.

With a whirlwind, his feet settled.

As soon as he appeared, he felt the monstrous heat wave coming in waves.

He hurriedly looked around, and found that he was in a land of fiery rocks, surrounded by cracked earth.

In those cracks, fiery red magma flows.

The ground was scalding hot, and the temperature of the air was extremely high, causing the entire space to be scorched and twisted.

In addition, among the gravel on the ground, some red crystals were born, flashing with aura.

Qin Feng took a closer look and showed joy.

Fire Glass~!

Those red crystals are actually a strategic resource - Fire Glass.

Looking around again, this space is dozens of miles wide, and fire glaze has grown in the deposits that can be seen everywhere.

Obviously, this is a fire colored glass mine.

If it is mined with all its strength, even if it produces millions of pieces of Fire Glazed Glass, it will not be a problem.

What's more important is that even if this kind of mineral spot is mined, after a while, new fire glaze will be born.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was suddenly excited.

Although he can buy Fire Glass in the Wanxiang Temple, if there is a Fire Glass mine, it will be more reliable.

Who knows if Tiandao will change the rules, and it will not be able to be purchased at the Temple of Vientiane that day.

Therefore, it would be more reliable to have your own Fire Glazed Glass mine.

This Fire Glazed Glass mine, he wants to settle.

When he finishes dealing with the beast god, he will come here to build a teleportation formation.

At that time, he will occupy the Cangzu headquarters again, and connect the teleportation array at the Cangzu headquarters with the teleportation array here.

At that time, this mine can be used by Longyuan Town.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up again and looked forward.

In that direction, there is a huge lava lake full of tumbling lava.

A strange bird with a body length of ten feet, covered in golden flames, shaped like a crow and crowned with feathers, was bathing in the lava.

Look at the crown of feathers on the head of the strange bird, the golden light is shining like a crown, with extraordinary momentum.

At this moment, the strange bird turned its back to Qin Feng and was bathing comfortably, but did not notice Qin Feng's arrival.

This scene made Qin Feng secretly happy.

It is best to not find his arrival, so as not to give birth to some unnecessary troubles.

What he wanted was to unknowingly kill the tenth floor of 650 and catch the beast **** by surprise.

Thinking of this, he held his breath and walked quietly towards the lava lake ahead.

At the same time, his peeping eyes also detected the strange bird.

[Ferocious Beast]: Phoenix (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 54

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1700 stars

[Talent]: Law of Fire (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (Suzaku)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty, undead.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

"Phoenix? Couldn't this strange bird be killed?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Having said that, this Firebird's combat power is 1700 stars, and coupled with its mid-grade foundation building power, the comprehensive combat power is 1900 stars, which is exactly the ultimate combat power at the pinnacle of the prefecture level.

Such strength is nothing to Qin Feng.

Unconsciously, he walked to the lava lake.

At this moment, he is invisible.

The phoenix still didn't find him, and was still bathing comfortably somewhere, drinking a big mouthful of flaming magma.

That terrifying magma is actually a delicious drink to it.

At this time, Qin Feng stepped into the lava lake and walked on the lake of fire.

He has mastered the law of fire, and the terrifying magma can't hurt him in the slightest.

But his action, the phoenix finally sensed it, and couldn't help but look back.

It is a fire-type spirit beast, and it is extremely sensitive to the fluctuations of the fire energy around it.

In order to get close to it, Qin Feng had to walk on the lake of fire.

Because the flamingo is in the middle of the lava lake, some distance from the shore.

And Qin Feng's action will naturally cause the surrounding fire energy to vibrate slightly.

Firebird was keenly aware, and quickly looked back.

But at the moment when it turned back, Qin Feng suddenly shot.

huh~!

A flash!

Qin Feng instantly killed the firebird.

His figure was also revealed.

Boo~!

Firebird screams!

Suddenly a human appeared, making it extremely shocked.

But before it could react, Qin Feng had already taken action.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split it in half, even splitting his head.

It should directly die and can't die any more!

Boom~!

But in the next second, the corpse of the phoenix instantly turned into a monstrous golden flame!

The momentum is burning!

Boo~!

Another loud bang!

Firebird was instantly revived!

The speed of the resurrection is so fast!

It completely exceeded Qin Feng's expectations!

He had seen quite a few monsters that could be resurrected, but none of them had resurrected so quickly.

After this resurrection, the phoenix slapped Qin Feng with a paw.

How dare this abominable human attack it!

Just now, it saw at a glance that this is a human at the human level.

Only human level realm!

If it weren't for a sneak attack, it would never hurt it!