Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Humiliation and anger!

At this moment, all flooded into its heart.

It couldn't bear it, and he was beheaded once by a human-level realm.

It's going to blow up this human being!

Wash away your humiliation!

Boom~!

That paw shot!

Thousands of miles of vibration!

The sky is roaring!

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a knife.

The claws meet in an instant!

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

The scales explode!

That knife easily split the claws!

Jointly split the firebird in half again!

The momentum of the sword has not diminished, and it continues to smash the sky!

The magma lake below was split open, and the monstrous magma splashed everywhere!

The scene is earth-shattering!

It's like doomsday!

Boo~!

Once again the world is shocked!

The broken bird corpses in the air turned into golden flames all over the sky.

This time, Qin Feng could see clearly that there was a fist-sized red spirit bead in the center of the flame, emitting a purple-gold flame.

It is because of the existence of the bead that the phoenix can be resurrected continuously, and there seems to be no limit to the number of resurrections.

If so, it would be terrifying.

You know, Qin Feng has killed many monsters that can be resurrected before, but every time those monsters die, their momentum will drop a lot, and they will eventually collapse.

And after the undead bird was resurrected, the momentum of the whole body did not decrease at all, as if it had never been injured.

"That bead is definitely a treasure!"

Boo~!

The phoenix is ​​resurrected again.

At this resurrection, it looked at Qin Feng in horror.

It can't believe that a human at the human level has such a terrifying strength.

It is completely vulnerable in front of this human being!

Boo~!

But in the next second, it roared angrily, spit fire in its eyes, and hysterically killed Qin Feng.

It is a phoenix!

Born to be immortal!

No matter how many times you are killed, you will never die!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The momentum will not be damaged in the slightest!

Because of this, it is not afraid of death, dares to fight the enemy desperately, and can often defeat the strong with the weak.

In its record, there are more than a dozen times, it is using this method to beat away the existence of the first layer of heaven.

This time will be no exception!

It's going to fight this kid!

Let's all work together to see who can last to the end!

You must know that this is its territory, and the power of fire energy is continuously provided and will never be exhausted.

It will consume this human being!

Boo~!

The phoenix rushed towards Qin Feng fiercely.

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng once again split the firebird in half!

Boom~!

Firebirds turned into flames.

The red spirit bead reappeared in the flames again.

"Right now!"

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he shot like electricity and grabbed it into the golden flames that filled the sky.

He grabbed the red spirit bead at once.

But purple flames emanate from it, and the power is extremely terrifying.

In just an instant, Qin Feng's palm was scalded.

sigh~! sigh~! sigh~!

The burning pain instantly came from the palm of his hand, and there was also a scorching stench, making Qin Feng unable to let go.

You must know that he has mastered the A-level fire element talent, and he is not afraid of all flames, but he can't resist the purple flames on the spirit bead.

At the same moment, the mind of the phoenix jumped in the flames.

It naturally sneered when it saw this scene.

The fire of Nirvana that comes with the Lingzhu is extremely powerful, comparable to the seventh-order fire-type skills. Even if you master the A-level fire-type talent, it is difficult to resist.

This human thinks that he has mastered the A-level fire element talent and is not afraid of any flames. He is really superficial.

This time, it was time for him to taste the pain of the fire of Nirvana.

And as long as the fire of Nirvana is not extinguished, it can continue to be reborn.

Thinking of this, the phoenix saw that Qin Feng's hands were trembling with pain.

Seeing this, it was instantly proud of it!

But at this moment, a mutation arose.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Countless ice appeared in Qin Feng's palm and devoured the spirit bead.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Fire and ice battle!

The roar continued!

Countless ice is vaporized!

The phoenix was amazed.

This human has actually mastered the ice element talent.

The ice-type talent is the nemesis of this spirit bead!

However, the ice element is against the fire element, and the A-level is against the A-level!

The two levels of talent are equal!

This human being will never be able to extinguish the fire of Nirvana, so it cannot be prevented from resurrecting.

What he did would be in vain after all!

It just had this thought in its heart, and the thought regenerated in the field.

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, he activated the second A-level talent - the connection of the five elements.

Wood fire!

Fire earth!

Native Gold!

Gold water!

The power of the five elements, the layers of each other!

The five elements are interlinked, the power of wood, fire, earth, and gold talents are born from the talents of water.

The power of the water system talent is five times stronger!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's ice element talent increased five times, and instantly overwhelmed the flame power of the spirit bead.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw a bang!

Freezing ice!

The spirit bead is frozen!

puff~!

A soft sound!

The fire of nirvana in the spirit bead could no longer resist the power of ice, and it was extinguished!

Boo~!

A shrill scream!

The golden flames in the sky were twisted, and the remnants of the firebird were re-imagined, tumbling down from the air, and falling to the lava lake below...

Without the help of the Lingzhu, the phoenix could no longer be resurrected, and it fell...

puff~!

The huge bird corpse fell, splashing monstrous magma!

A dazzling white light also flew from below and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills a level 54 Phoenix (Emperor level), you get +7.04 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 54 Phoenix (Emperor level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the level 54 Phoenix (Emperor level) successfully, a dark treasure chest exploded. 】

[Killing the level 54 Phoenix (Emperor level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (fifth floor) was released. 】

[Killing the 54-level Phoenix (Emperor) successfully, the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Phoenix) is exploded. 】

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally killed this monster!

At this time, he looked at the red spirit bead in his hand.

[Nirvana Lingzhu: Seventh-order item, heaven and earth wonders, unidentified owner. 】