Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

hiss~!

This is actually a seventh-order treasure!

Qin Feng was a little surprised and continued to look.

[Reminder: Those who master the A-level Fire Law talent and possess the Suzaku bloodline talent can be recognized as the master refining. 】

[Reminder: After the refining is successful, you can use the power of your soul to ignite the fire of nirvana in the spirit bead. At this point, if the fire of Nirvana is not extinguished, one can be reborn continuously. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with ecstasy in his eyes.

This Spirit Orb, Xiao Luan'er can refine it!

As long as Xiao Luan'er masters the fire of Nirvana, that little guy can continue to be reborn, and he will not be afraid of being killed in the future.

And Xiao Luan'er has mastered the ability of Nirvana rebirth, which means that he has mastered the whole ability.

Because after the psychic integration, he can use all the skills that Xiao Luan'er has mastered.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Chapter 291 The great formation is completed, and the battle will be fought across time and space!

After a moment of joy, Qin Feng put away the Nirvana Spirit Bead and began to clear the battlefield.

This time, he got another hidden treasure chest.

In this way, he has two dark treasure chests in his hand.

After putting away the treasure chest and the core of the beast emperor, he fished out the corpse of the phoenix from the lava lake and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the sixth-order skill - Burning Heaven and Golden Flame! 】

Got another Tier 6 skill!

Qin Feng is in a good mood and continues to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Suzaku Essence and Blood (Lower Rank). 】

[Suzaku Essence and Blood (Lower Grade): A sixth-order item, the lower-quality Suzaku Essence and Blood contains a huge amount of Suzaku's power, which can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of Suzaku blood can refine the blood of Suzaku. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of Suzaku. 】

good! good!

This mass of blood is just right for Xiao Luan'er to refine.

Having said that, both are low-grade blood essence, Suzaku blood essence is a sixth-order item, and true dragon blood essence is a seventh-order item.

From this, it can be seen that Zhenlong is still stronger than Suzaku, and deserves to be the head of all spirits.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the blood of Suzaku with satisfaction.

The body of the phoenix was also taken into the zero-dimensional space by him.

So far, the battlefield has been cleaned up by him.

Immediately, he walked to the fifth floor...

As for the fire glaze mine in this space, he will deal with it after he has completely solved the beast god.

In just a moment, he walked to the entrance of the fifth floor.

Today, there are still five remaining beast emperors.

This beast emperor is really stronger than one layer, but the benefits it brings to Qin Feng are still more than one.

I just don't know what kind of beasts will appear on the fifth floor?

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and took out the pass.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his ear.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Master, the materials you want have already been collected by Yue'er!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Okay! Let's make a deal!"

Qiyue: "Yeah!"

[Reminder: Your subordinate, Qiyue, has traded you 100 units of high-end fur for free…]

At the moment, Qiyue traded those materials one by one.

Qin Feng quickly summoned the Mirage clone.

In the next second, he turned into a white light and entered the zero-degree space, leaving a white space node in place.

As soon as the mirage avatar waved, it sucked the space node into the body.

This avatar is equivalent to Qin Feng's body extension, and it is also equivalent to the clan of the zero-dimensional space, and can naturally control this space node freely.

After doing this, the phantom avatar took out the shocking dragon blade from the storage ring, guarding the fourth floor and waiting for the main body to return...

Since the phantom avatars were condensed, Qin Feng found that Jinglong Blade could recognize the phantom avatars as the main body.

In this way, the Jinglong Blade can be used by the Mirage clone.

This is something other clones can't do, which makes Qin Feng secretly amazed.

So far, Qin Feng has used the Shenluo Tianblade, the Mirage clone has used the Jinglong Blade, and the two weapons have been used to the best of their ability...

But he said that after Qin Feng entered the zero-degree space, he couldn't wait to open the operation interface, select the 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array', and press a button to create...

At the same time, the Cangtu Ministry stronghold.

In a stone house, Qiyue breathed a sigh of relief after completing the operation in her hands.

She finally completed the task assigned by the master.

According to the master, those materials are related to the success or failure of this mission.

Now, all the materials have been collected and handed over to the master. I wonder if I can help the master?

Also, how is the progress of the master's quest?

Qi Yue checked the public task channel, and there were eighteen hours left.

Looking at the sky outside, it was already sunset.

This day is over again.

After tonight, from the dawn of tomorrow, the protection period of the refugees will end, and challengers from different forces can also kill each other.

I don't know if the master's task can be completed before then?

If the task is completed, the master should start with those white-skinned villages, right?

Moreover, the master must also start.

Just a quarter of an hour ago, she received a secret report from Liu Yuan that the eight village alliances, including Yuelong Village, Dengta Village, and Cosmic Bangbang Village, were going to take the initiative to attack the headquarters of Longyuan Town at dawn tomorrow.

When she got the news, she was shocked and couldn't believe it.

Are those eight villages crazy?

It's good that Longyuan Town didn't trouble them, they dared to take the initiative!

According to Liu Yuan, if it wasn't for tomorrow morning, the refugee protection period would not end.

Those eight villages will attack the headquarters of Longyuan Town tonight.

Up to now, those guys still thought that Longyuan Town was just a third-level village, a big piece of fat.

They decided to eat Longyuan Village!

Because they recruited a large number of refugees, the number reached more than 67,000, which was several times the number of Longyuan Village.

When there are more people, the courage will be fat!

In addition, Miyamoto Lang, Amir, Edward, and Park Chengxin have been encouraging him from the sidelines.

Ruan Fu's ambition is not small.

Since that guy successfully established the village, he wanted to surpass Longyuan Village, and even changed the name of the village to Yuelong Village, as the name implies, surpassing Longyuan.

Of course, the successful establishment of the Anti-Longyuan Alliance is deeply rooted in the underestimation of Longyuan Village by those idiots.

It's so funny that they think more people can win!

Thinking of this, Qi Yue felt funny.

With the current strength of Longyuan Village, the garrison of Guanglongyuan Headquarters can sweep them without the need for the troops of Tayue Town and Cangtu.

"Master is right! Those dogs should be slaves!"

Qiyue muttered in her heart.

At present, only she and Liu Yuan know about this matter.

She didn't want to tell the master about it, so as not to disturb the master's state of mind.

At present, it is the most important for the master to complete the task of the Totem Temple.

As for the clown-like anti-Longyuan alliance, she can solve it.

Of course, if the master can complete the task in time and let the master solve it himself, the master may feel more relieved.

Just when Qiyue was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully established the 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array'. The Earthly Branch is located in the zero-degree space, the number of public buildings in Longyuan Town +1, and the mayor Qin Feng has obtained 2000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has successfully upgraded his wooden house to level 7, and Mayor Qin Feng has received 3200 attribute rewards. 】

what!

The owner has successfully upgraded the 7-level cabin!

Qiyue was surprised and delighted.

At this moment, not only she was surprised, but the whole Longyuan Town was also pleasantly surprised.

The boss was successfully upgraded to level 7 wooden house, and the **** conditions for Longyuan Town to be upgraded to level 6 town were completed.

At the same time, Qiyue is also curious, what type of public building is the 'Hyperspace Teleportation Array' just created by the owner?

Tiandao actually rewarded 2000 attributes all of a sudden, it seems that the rank is not low!

Just when Qi Yue was thinking wildly, a roar suddenly resounded through the sky over the entire Cangtu Department.

"Wait for Xiao Xiao! How dare you occupy the territory of our clan! Courting death!"

Boom~!

The voice just fell, and a gust of air was oppressed from under the sky, and instantly enveloped the entire Cangtu tribe.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

It looks like something has been smashed to pieces!

The entire Cangtu Ministry stronghold shook violently!

Suddenly, countless townspeople exclaimed!

Qi Yue's expression changed drastically.

The crisp sound was the protective mask held up by the guardian altar, which was blasted by the incoming enemy.

Guardian Altars can only be constructed by the Challenger faction.

No matter how strong the incoming enemy is, it can resist the first blow of the incoming enemy.

This is Tiandao's care for the challenging forces.

Swish~!

At the moment, Qiyue dodged and rushed out of the stone house.

As soon as she appeared, she saw above the sky, an old man in black robes, volleying into the sky, looking down at the bottom with incomparable anger.

At the same time, the stationed townspeople poured out from every corner of the base.

Everyone looked at the black-robed old man in the air in astonishment.

The black-robed old man was the black old man who had come from afar.