At this moment, Old Hei was also a little stunned.

With his full blow, he didn't hurt this stronghold in the slightest.

what!

That seems to be guarding the altar!

Soon, Hei Lao noticed that there was an altar in the center of this stronghold, exactly the same as the legendary guardian altar.

Rumor has it that the Guardian Altar can only be built by the Challenger faction.

No matter how strong the incoming enemy is, guarding the altar can block the first blow.

Are these people all challengers?

This is impossible!

Looking down, there are more than 3,000 people, all of which are at the peak of the human level above 100 stars.

With such a large number of human-level peaks, even their Cang clan headquarters did not have so many outstanding talents.

A challenge force has just ended the novice period, how can it have so many people-level peaks all at once?

0

Hei Lao hurriedly looked at one of the Longyuan townspeople.

Boom~!

Seeing this, his body shook violently, and he was immediately dumbfounded.

Challenger!

These are really challengers!

OMG!

how can that be?

Isn't the novice assessment period that ended today?

According to common sense, a challenger force can produce dozens of human-level peaks, which is already very good.

There are more than 3,000 people here at once!

Does he have no dazzling eyes?

The old man was shocked!

He didn't know that these 3,000 people were only one-fifth of the population of Longyuan Town, and only half of the peak human level of Longyuan Town.

But after being shocked, Hei Lao was extremely angry.

Don't think too much, it turns out that the disciples of the Cangtu Ministry must have been killed by these guys.

"You **** challengers! Go to hell!"

The old black roared and was about to shoot.

Om~!

At this moment, the guardian altar automatically propped up the protective mask.

As soon as the mask guarding the altar is broken, in another minute, the mask will be propped up again.

The old man doesn't care about that much anymore.

This time, he is going to blast through the mask, then rush into the stronghold, and slaughter wantonly to avenge the children of the Cangtu tribe.

Boom~!

With this thought in mind, Old Hei slapped it with a palm, and the monstrous palm slammed down.

Boo~!

At this moment, a phoenix roar resounded through the sky!

Immediately afterwards, a divine bird with a length of ten feet and golden flames soared into the sky.

Xiao Luan's shot!

I saw a flash of white light, and Xiao Luan'er teleported to Old Hei at once, and raised his claws to meet Old Hei's palm.

In the blink of an eye, the palms and claws collided!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

Both Xiao Luan'er and Hei Laoji groaned, and they were each shaken back several dozen feet.

This round, the two sides fought evenly.

The people below cheered.

In the air, Hei Lao was a little dumbfounded.

The bloodline spirit beast at the pinnacle of the prefecture level!

A challenger force that has just ended the novice period has such a powerful town and village spirit beast.

What kind of challenge force is this?

Boo~!

But before he could think about it, Xiao Luan'er let out a long cry and took the initiative to kill him.

"Damn!"

Old Hei cursed and took the initiative to fight.

The two sides fought together.

Suddenly, the sky above the Cangtu Ministry was slaughtered in darkness, and explosions continued.

Everyone watched nervously.

In such a confrontation between the peaks of the prefecture level, they can't interfere at all, they can only watch silently, and they are also worried about Xiao Luan'er.

In the crowd, Qiyue stared at the battle closely, and the skill seals had already been pinched in her hands.

She just waited for the right moment to give Xiao Luan'er a time-accelerating skill, and let him hit the old man in one fell swoop.

By the way, do you want to tell the master about this?

Qi Yue suddenly had this idea

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng looked at the teleportation array in front of him with joy.

With this hyperspace teleportation array, he can rush back to any stronghold in Longyuan Town at any time.

By the way, he just got a lot of attribute rewards, it's time to add some more.

Thinking of this, he opened the operation panel and glanced at it.

There are a total of 5200 free attributes, which is really pleasant!

At the moment, he is ready to add some more.

At this moment, the voice of Qiyue rang in his ear.

"Master, the Cangtu Ministry is being attacked by an old man at the top of the prefecture level. At this moment, Xiao Luan'er is fighting against him. Xiao Luan'er has the upper hand."

"If Yue'er secretly uses time skills, it's not a big problem for Xiao Luan'er to defeat the old man, but it is impossible to keep the old man."

"According to Yue'er, this old man is probably sent by the Cang Clan headquarters. They should have discovered some problems."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Qiyue told him these things in order to let him know about the changes in the outside world, and did not mean to let him take action.

But Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He was about to give it a try, the effect of this hyperspace teleportation array.

Since the enemy is here, how can we let the enemy go away?

He wants to let the old man come and go!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly added some more.

When he finishes adding points, he will go out to fight......

The 292nd chapter rises into the sky and explodes with a punch!

Soon, all 5200 free attributes were added.

Qin Feng's combat power reached 3301 stars in one fell swoop.

The combat power has skyrocketed again.

good! good!

With such strength, it should be easy for him to kill the top of the prefecture level.

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and walked to the teleportation array in front of him.

Om~!

In the next second, the big formation will start!

He turned into white light and disappeared into the great formation...

At the same time, various explosions continued over the Cangtu Ministry.

Xiao Luan'er and Hei Lao killed in the dark!

Liu Xuan and the others looked on with trepidation.

They were afraid that Xiao Luan'er would lose.

Xiao Luan'er failed, and the consequences would not be imagined.

At this moment, in the crowd, Qi Yue shot.

Om~!

She instantly completed the skill - time acceleration, superimposed on Xiao Luan'er.

The next second, above the sky.

Xiao Luan'er's body trembled slightly, and everything suddenly increased fivefold in speed.

Even the speed of the shot was instantly accelerated by five times.

Boom~!

I saw its figure flashing, and its claws were like electricity.

That speed was so fast that the old black couldn't react!

Bang~!

That claw hit Old Hei's chest firmly.

Kacha~!

Broken bones!

Chest collapsed!

Wow~!

Hei Lao screamed, and then spewed out a large mouthful of blood, and flew backwards.

Boom~!

There was a cheer from below.

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed, and with a teleport, he chased and killed the old man.

In the next second, it appeared out of thin air behind Old Hei, and it was about to take another shot.

But at this moment, Old Hei's chest flashed with blue light, and his injuries were rapidly recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com