Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that this old black man actually mastered the wood element talent and could heal himself.

At this moment, he sensed the fluctuation of the space behind him, his face changed slightly, and he hurriedly turned to resist.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Both sides fight!

Hei Lao was blasted back thousands of feet again.

But this time, he stopped in time.

His injury also recovered between this fight.

The people below were disappointed when they saw this scene.

Qi Yue also sighed in her heart.

People with wood-type talent are really not easy to kill!

Unless one hit kills!

Otherwise, as long as this kind of person breathes a sigh of relief, he can repair the injury and return to the peak.

But he said that the old man recovered from his injuries, turned around and fled.

The blow just now made him tremble with fear, and he didn't dare to fight.

After all, today's Cangtu Ministry has become someone else's lair.

He dare not fight to the death!

Boo~!

A phoenix cry!

Xiao Luan'er was unwilling and chased after him again.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, above the sky, there was a constant roar.

Hei Lao retreated while fighting.

"Haha! Nasty beast! The old man is leaving, you can't keep it!"

The old man laughed loudly.

At this moment, he was extremely angry in his heart.

He wanted to flee back quickly, inform the patriarch of what happened here, and then join forces with the patriarch to kill him back.

He must avenge the children of the Cangtu Ministry!

Some of the children of the Cangtu tribe are children with the surname Hei, and that is his direct bloodline!

Besides, there are so many challengers here, which is a lot of points and benefits, how can he miss it.

Thinking of this, Hei Lao fled while fighting.

In a blink of an eye, he had escaped for a few miles.

Xiao Luan'er was entangled, but she couldn't stop it...

Below, everyone sighed when they saw this scene.

"Hey! It seems that the old man is about to escape!"

"Yeah! What a pity!"

"Everyone, if he escapes, will he attract more enemies?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's expressions changed slightly.

In the crowd, Qi Yue frowned.

She wanted to go up and help, but she couldn't fly.

The time skills she uses are limited by distance.

The distance is too far, and she can't superimpose the time skill on Xiao Luan'er.

As a result, she could only helplessly watch the old Hei escape.

She also knew that it would definitely not be a good thing to let Old Hei escape.

That would attract more powerful enemies.

But this is also helpless.

Just when everyone felt helpless, in the corner of the stronghold, the solitary teleportation array lit up.

The next second, a slender and tall figure appeared in the great formation.

Qin Feng appeared!

No one was found.

Because everyone's attention is on the battle in the air.

But he said that as soon as Qin Feng appeared, he looked up at the sky.

Soon, he saw that several miles away, above the sky, Xiao Luan'er was desperately chasing and killing an old man in black robes.

The old man fled while fighting, the further he ran away.

According to such a posture, the old man will escape sooner or later.

After all, Xiao Luan'er and the old man have the same strength, so he doesn't have the ability to keep the old man.

"Looks like I'm here just in time!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly, and suddenly released the wings of the wind.

Boom~!

In the next second, he soared into the sky and went straight for nine days.

"Huh! That is?"

"My God! It's the boss! That's the boss!"

"Haha! The boss is back! The boss is back!"

Everyone recognized Qin Feng at once, and suddenly cheered, and their voices were full of boundless surprises.

Qin Feng's speed was extremely fast, and in just a few seconds, he caught up with Xiao Luan'er.

At this moment, Old Hei was doing his best to deal with Xiao Luan'er, and didn't pay much attention to Qin Feng.

It was at this moment that Xiao Luan'er caught up with Hei Lao again and slapped Hei Lao on the back with a paw.

Hei Lao turned around and punched him to attack 0Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

In the blink of an eye, fists and claws collided!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

Everyone snorted as soon as they were pampered, and flew backwards.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng arrived.

With a flash of his figure, he slaughtered towards Old Hei.

Hei Lao only felt a flower in front of his eyes, and there was a strange young man in front of him.

He was shocked and angry!

He finally knocked back that terrifying spirit beast, and another young man came to court for death, which was really disgusting.

"roll!"

Hei Lao roared and punched Qin Feng's face.

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a punch.

The two fists collided in an instant!

Bang~!

A shocking explosion!

Flesh explosion!

Bloody fog!

With just one punch, Qin Feng blasted Old Hei into scum.

Terrible scream!

Above the sky, echoing endlessly!

The people below were stunned.

Shock!

Shocked!

A top-level powerhouse!

It was bombed by the boss like this!

That terrifying punch was simply invincible and extremely overbearing!

At this moment, they looked at Qin Feng's back, as if they saw the **** of war coming into the world, sweeping the world, which was amazing.

The next wonderful thing, two white lights flew out of the blood mist, one poured into Qin Feng's body, and the other poured into Xiao Luan'er's body

[Successfully kills the guardian (prefecture-level peak), you get +971 attributes, +10.34 million energy points, and +154 points. 】

[Killing the guardian (prefecture-level peak) successfully, your pet gets +231 attributes, +2.97 million energy points, and +41 points. 】

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er lit up with an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 25! 】

[Your strength refers to 1.4 points increased by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

【You get 20 free attributes! 】

[Reminder: Congratulations on your promotion to level 25, the maximum amount of feedback you can give to murder-level guardians has increased by 1,000 person-times. 】

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of surprises.

Level 25!

He is now a murderer-level guardian, and he can get attribute feedback again.

That's one of the benefits of upgrading.

Of course, it only increased the feedback of a thousand people.

However, the feedback of this thousand people can at least harvest more than 5,000 attributes, and even reach 10,000 points.

That's a lot of money!

At this time, Xiao Luan'er also completed the upgrade.

The little guy has also risen to level 19, and he is only one level away from transforming to level 20.

Chapter 293: The Heavenly Powerhouse is Coming

Qin Feng looked at Xiao Luan'er, and his eyes showed joy.

This little guy's basic combat power has reached 1,000 stars. With the power of building a foundation, his combat power can reach 1,300 stars, and his strength has improved a lot.