Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Guck! Guck!

"Dad! Daddy! Why are you back?"

As soon as the little guy finished his level, he happily flew to Qin Feng.

"I heard that someone invaded, I'll come back and see."

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Dad! Thank you for coming back! Otherwise, Xiao Luan'er wouldn't be able to keep this old guy at all. It would be troublesome if he escaped back."

The little guy's tone was full of joy.

Qin Feng smiled: "Let's go! Go back and talk about it!"

At the moment, he cleaned up the battlefield, found Hei Lao's storage ring, and extracted dozens of attributes from the corpse.

After doing this, he and Xiao Luan'er returned.

When Qin Feng returned to the stronghold of the Cangtu Ministry, the subordinates happily surrounded him.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

Everyone came forward to say hello, and they were all excited.

"Master, aren't you doing a mission in the Totem Temple?"

"Yes! Boss, why are you back?"

At this time, Qiyue asked everyone's doubts.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "I have created a 'hyperspace teleportation array' in zero-degree space. With this teleportation array, I can rush back to any base in Longyuan Town from all corners of the world at any time."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was surprised.

"It's still possible!"

"That's great!"

"Yeah! Having said that, if there is a problem with any stronghold in the future, as long as you notify the boss, the boss will be able to arrive."

"Haha! This means that every stronghold in our Longyuan Town is guarded by a strong man like the boss!"

"Almost! Unless someone attacks our two strongholds at the same time, the boss will be useless."

"Haha! As long as they don't attack two strongholds at the same time, and there is such an existence as the boss, our Longyuan Town will be solid."

"10 yeah! That's awesome!"

The more everyone talked, the more excited they became, and they were full of confidence in the future of Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Everyone didn't know that Qin Feng also had a phantom avatar.

Even if the enemy attacks both Longyuan Town strongholds at the same time, he and the Mirage clone can act separately.

The strength of the phantom avatar is 60% of the main body, which is just the threshold of the first layer of heaven.

At this time, Qi Yue seemed to think of something, and asked an excited question: "Master, so, Xiao Luan and I can follow you together? If someone invades that stronghold, just let us know. "

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Indeed!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master, that month will follow you!"

She has long been used to it and has been following Qin Feng.

This time, the two have been separated for a while, which has already made her miss her very much.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Daddy! I'll follow you too!"

Xiao Luan'er also called out excitedly.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "I'm coming back this time to take you two away. I'm afraid I still need your help for the Totem Temple mission this time."

Qi Yue was excited: "That's great! Yue'er just wants to be by the master's side all the time!"

Guck! Guck!

"Dad! Dad! Then let's do the task quickly!"

Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Let's go then! Time is tight, we can't delay. By the way, Liu Xuan!"

"Subordinates are here!"

"It's up to you to take care of things here for the time being!"

"Yes!"

Liu Xuan quickly took the order.

After this order, Qin Feng was about to leave.

At this moment, Qi Jie came over.

"Boss, this is the information that the subordinates asked the prisoner and got."

After he finished speaking, he handed over a piece of animal skin.

Qin Feng took a look and found that the information was very detailed.

For example, how many people are left in the Cang clan, how many local powerhouses are there, and who are the leaders of the nine clan members of the Cang clan, and those guys all have land deeds on them.

There are also the locations of the other eight clans of the Cang clan, the distribution of population resources, and information on everything.

Even the portraits of several Supreme Elders and the patriarch Xuan Qiong were painted on it.

After reading it, he learned that the black-robed old man he killed just now was the black old man who was one of the two peaks of the Cang clan.

This information is really useful.

Qi Jie is a talent!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

"It's done very well! From the current point of view, the Cang Clan is not enough to be afraid of. The total number of their remaining members is only more than 7,000, and the prefecture-level powerhouse is less than 30 people."

Qin Feng handed the animal skin back to Qi Jie.

"Qi Jie, please pass this information on, let everyone get acquainted with the situation of the Cang clan, and prepare for us to destroy the Cang clan in the future!"

When these words came out, everyone was overjoyed.

A massive attack on the Cang clan would not only remove a major hidden danger, but also allow them to reap a lot of benefits.

At the moment, Qi Jie readily agreed.

After Qin Feng arranged the trivial matters, he led Qiyue and Xiaoluaner away.

After a while, the two of them sat in the teleportation formation and disappeared in the Cangtu Department.

The next second, the two of them appeared in the zero-degree space.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad, is this the hyperspace teleportation array? It's so big!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he looked at the teleportation formation under his feet curiously.

The hyperspace teleportation array is ten times as large as the ordinary teleportation array, and it is engraved with divine patterns, which looks more imposing.

As soon as Qiyue arrived in the zero-degree space, it automatically released the time force field.

Five times the time force field is here again.

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

Without Qiyue by his side, he was also a little uncomfortable.

Even with the help of the four avatars, the work efficiency cannot be improved.

Now that Qiyue is back, with the five times the time force field, the efficiency of waiting has been improved five times.

"Yue'er, during this time, please help me buy a super synthetic card in the world channel and see if anyone sells it?"

Qin Feng arranged a new task for Qiyue.

His last Super Synthetic Card was exchanged with Qingchengzi on the World Channel.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It can be seen that there is still a chance to get the Super Synthetic Card.

For others, Super Synthetic Cards are useless because Dark Treasure Chests are so hard to come by.

If you want to kill monsters and explode the hidden treasure chest, you must at least kill the beasts above the peak of the prefecture level. With the strength of those villages, it is impossible to do this.

Instead, it's easier to get super synthetic cards.

Some peculiar tasks will reward super synthetic cards.

For example, Qingchengzi's Super Synthetic Card, which he got by doing a D-rank quest.

Because of this, Qin Feng came up with the idea of ​​a super synthetic card.

It's easier for him to get dark treasure chests than super synthetic cards.

He now has two dark treasure chests in his hands.

Further down there are five beast emperors, at least two hidden treasure chests can be exploded.

However, with his current net worth, he no longer looks down on the hidden treasure chest, and he is too lazy to open the hidden treasure chest.

What can arouse his interest is at least the treasure chest above the purple diamond.

That's why he asked Qiyue to buy the super synthetic card, just to get the purple diamond treasure chest.

Of course, it would be even better if he could get an epic chest.

Epic treasure chests, on top of the purple diamond treasure chests, have a certain chance of opening tier eight treasures.

"Master, Yue'er will go to the World Channel to buy it!"

At the moment, Qiyue received the task and returned to the wooden house.

"Dad, let me go to the Totem Temple with you to fight!"

Xiao Luan'er volunteered to fight.

It knows that the mission of Qin Feng Totem Temple is still going on.

"Little guy, the current task progress, without your help, I can handle it alone. However, in the final stage, when you kill the beast god, you and I need to join forces."

"Before that, you need to improve your strength. I have a bunch of Suzaku blood essence here, and a seventh-order nirvana spirit bead. You can refine it!"

Qin Feng took out the ball of Suzaku blood and nirvana spirit beads.

Guck! Guck!

"Wow! Dad! So many goodies!"

The little guy took it excitedly.

After arranging these trivial matters, Qin Feng also made up his mind.

As long as Xiao Luan'er refines blood essence and nirvana spirit beads, she will definitely improve her strength.

When the time comes, he and Xiao Luan'er will be psychic together, and their strength will skyrocket, so the chance to kill the beast **** will be even greater.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng withdrew from the zero-degree space...

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters.

At this time, at the entrance of the Valley of Seven Kills, a large army of the Cang clan had gathered, and there were more than 5,000 people.

Patriarch Xuan Qiong was suspended in the sky, overlooking the crowd.

He has come back.

Behind him, there were three old men, whose breaths ranged from the eighth heaven to the ninth heaven.

Those three old men were the only three remaining elders of the Cang clan.

At this moment, Xuan Qiong looked gloomily inside the Seven Kills Valley.