Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It put him in a good mood.

As soon as he was about to set off, a beast was automatically sent to the door, which could be described as luck.

At the moment, he dealt with the battlefield and left...

Not long after, in a valley, he encountered a level 6 beast—the Sharp-clawed Giant Orangutan.

Qin Feng stepped forward and killed him with one knife.

[Succeeded in killing the level 6 Sharp-clawed Giant Gorilla and obtained +220 energy value. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 6! 】

【Your strength index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

【You get 5 free attributes! 】

Finally got to level 6!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

However, he didn't stay in place for long.

After dealing with the scene a little, he didn't go into the night and continued to kill monsters...

Time flies!

Half an hour later, he entered the level 7 vicious beast area.

Along the way, he also hunted down two level 6 beasts, one of which was the Night Owl.

At this point, the level 6 beasts are complete, and all the withdrawals are full.

An hour later, he entered the level 8 vicious beast area and killed two level 7 vicious beasts on the way.

Another hour later, he entered the level 9 vicious beast area and beheaded a level 8 vicious beast on the way.

Another hour passed, and he came to the junction area of ​​level 9 and level 10.

Along the way, he killed another level 9 beast.

"The level 10 beast zone is coming soon!"

Qin Feng looked into the distance.

At this time, the mountains and forests were empty, and the surroundings were dark.

A gust of night wind caressed his face, and the cloak fluttered slightly.

Qin Feng was a little excited when he saw that the destination was not far away.

Before he knew it, he had traveled for nearly four hours.

It was also late at night.

It is estimated that in an hour or two, it will be dawn.

[Reminder: Lei Jue exchanged three level 4 beast corpses for your level 1 exquisite steel knife. 】

what!

Harvest again.

Qin Feng was delighted.

In the four hours they were on the road, Liu Xuan, Longshan, and Yu Wen had already exchanged for a fine steel knife.

Let him get nine corpses of level 4 beasts.

This time, Lei Jue also came to exchange, and let him get three corpses of level 4 beasts.

In this way, there are twelve corpses of level 4 beasts.

At the moment, Qin Feng took out the corpses of twelve beasts and began to extract...

After a while, he finished extracting the nine corpses and gained 24 attributes, which made him feel dark.

"Level 4 vicious beasts are almost the same, only one lightning mink is needed, and they are all full."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

There are four types of level 4 beasts in total, of which the lightning mink is only extracted twice.

As long as you extract it again, the level 4 beasts are all full, and you don't need to collect them in the future.

Thinking of this, he entered the chat channel.

At this moment, the chat channel is relatively quiet, not as lively as before.

Many Level 1 players couldn't hold it any longer and went back to the novice cabin to sleep.

Sleeping in a novice wooden house, with the protection of heaven, is absolutely safe.

At the same time, the novice cabin's recovery of physical strength and energy is doubled.

And the ones who are still fighting are basically the powerhouses above level 2.

In short, even with the assistance of barbecue and hot tea, under the high-intensity hunting activities, the 1st-level players still can't hold it, and they can't do it without rest.

However, after fighting for so long, nearly 200 people have risen to level 2 or above.

There are still some popular ones in the chat channel.

Seeing this, Qin Feng sent some messages.

Qin Feng: "From now on, only Lightning Mink will be purchased for the corpses of level 4 beasts, and the rest will be stopped. The corpses of level 5 beasts will be purchased normally!"

Qin Feng: "In addition, I have been looking for a long-term purchase of novice short knives, various tier 1 spirit grasses, and spirit fruits."

As soon as these news came out, there was an uproar in the chat channel.

"Isn't it? Mr. Qin Feng, I worked so hard to collect the corpses of level 4 beasts, and I managed to collect one. You don't need it anymore."

"Woo~! Woo~! Boss Qin Feng, your progress is so fast that it always catches us off guard!"

"Hey~! It's really not easy to get Boss Qin Feng's Tier 1 weapon!"

"Yeah! I have a level 4 beast corpse in my hand, but unfortunately it's not what Qin Feng wants."

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Boss Qin Feng, I have the corpse of a lightning mink. By the way, do you accept the corpse of a level 2 mutant beast?"

Qin Feng: "Accept!"

Liu Yuan: "Then I will use the corpse of the lightning mink, plus the corpse of a level 2 mutant beast, and the novice short knife in my hand, in exchange for an exquisite steel knife, okay?"

Qin Feng: "Yes!"

Liu Yuan: "That's great! Boss Qin Feng, come to the trading channel."

Qin Feng is also happy.

Soon, the two entered the trading channel and completed the transaction.

Afterwards, Qin Feng took out two corpses, completed the extraction, and obtained 5 attributes.

Another nice catch!

At this point, the level 4 beasts are all full, and he doesn't need to bother to collect them anymore.

At the same time, his latest data appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 6 (1960/8000)

[Occupation]: Level 1 Judge (10/100)

[Reputation]: 10 (novice elite)

[Strength]: 173+7 (power crazy, D grade)

[Agility]: 179 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 181 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 188 (intensive mind, D-level, visual hypersensitivity, E-level; olfactory enhancement, F-level)

[Elemental Talent]: Fire Control (D Grade)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Animal Control (Tier 3)

[Combat evaluation]: 17 star limit

[Free attribute]: 5

The 17-star combat power is the limit!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Unconsciously, the combat power has soared to such a powerful level.

It's so cool!

At this moment, his mood is extremely comfortable!

With such strength, it is not a problem for him to hunt down level 10 beasts.

And the level 10 fierce beast area is right in front of you.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng picked up his long knife and rushed towards the first level 10 area......

Chapter Thirty-Six Cerberus Two-Headed Dog

A moment later, Qin Feng rushed to the edge of the level 10 area, and there was a large plain in sight.

According to the introduction on the map, this plain is called the Bone Wasteland.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

In the dark night before dawn, the sky was slightly brighter.

Qin Feng could vaguely see that the huge wasteland was full of scorch marks, as if it had been burned by some fire.

There were many dried bloodstains on the ground, it was pitch black, and it was unknown how long it had coagulated.

In the distance, there are many huge white animal bones, some as long as 100 meters, and some as long as 20 to 30 meters, like high-rise buildings, which is very amazing.

All this gives the impression that it is like the remains of an ancient battlefield.

Suddenly, a gust of night wind blew.

There was a faint smell of corpse in the air.

what!

Corpse smell?

Are there dead bodies nearby?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

For him, the corpse represented the harvest.

Immediately, he followed the smell of corpse and followed...

A few minutes later, he encountered the first monster in a place full of dead bones and weeds.

It was a giant two-headed dog, with a black body, red eyes, and a height of two feet.

It exudes a corpse stench all over its body, as if it came from hell, and its momentum is extremely amazing.

Qin Feng sensed that the monster in front of him was not simple, and quickly activated the Eye of True Sight...

[Evil Object]: Hell Two-Headed Dog (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 10

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 15 stars