Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

What an eventful time it is now!

As soon as the novice assessment period ended, someone killed their headquarters and broke into the Valley of Seven Kills.

I don't know who is so bold!

However, no matter who that person is, they will all die if they dare to kill their Cang clan disciples.

"Patriarch, how's the situation on the Shi clan?"

A Taishang elder asked in a low voice.

"I just asked the head of the family. He has already arranged heavy troops and guarded the other exit. In addition, he has entered the Valley of Seven Killings in person, preparing to enter the Totem Temple, and report the situation to the nine beast emperors, lest anyone disturb the beast gods. The slumber of adults."

As soon as these words fell, the three Supreme Elders behind him all showed joy.

"This is great! The two exits are guarded by heavy troops, and the intruder cannot escape!"

"What's even better is that the head of the family has taken the shot himself. He is a powerhouse of the first level of heaven. When he enters the Totem Temple in 507 and reports the matter, the nine beast emperors will be dispatched. At that time, the intruder will There is nothing to hide.”

"Humph! Dare to kill my Cang clan's children, that person will surely die!"

The more the three supreme elders said, the more confident they became, as if they had already settled on Qin Feng.

Xuan Qiong also looked calm.

In his opinion, the intruder this time is sure to die.

Thinking of this, he turned his head to look in the direction of the Cangtu Ministry again, with a worried expression on his face.

After counting the time, Hei Lao has already arrived at the Cangtu Department, but there has been no news from there, and I don't know what's going on?

"Patriarch, are you worried about Old Hei?"

A Supreme Elder asked in a low voice.

Xuan Qiong sighed: "I'm not worried about Old Hei, but only about the disciples of the Cang Soil Department. If there was a problem with the Cang Soil Department's teleportation array, I don't know what happened to the Cang Soil Department disciples?"

"Patriarch, maybe the enemy just destroyed the teleportation formation, and the disciples of the Cangtu Ministry are still intact."

"It's hard to say! However, Old Hei should be here soon. The answer will be known soon."

"That's right! Then wait for Old Hei's news!"

Xuan Qiong also said: "Forget it, let's not consider the affairs of the Cangtu Ministry, and the old Hei will take care of the affairs over there. Our focus now is to guard the exit of the Seven Kills Valley and not let the intruders escape. "

"The patriarch is right!"

The three Supreme Elders agreed.

Until this moment, Xuan Qiong four did not realize that Hei Lao had fallen.

They are still fantasizing about how to cut off Qin Feng's escape...

At the same moment, Seven Kills Valley.

A figure is rushing towards the Totem Temple.

That person's speed was extremely fast, far surpassing the earth-level powerhouse, reaching the level of the first layer of heaven.

He is the patriarch of the cockroach - cockroach!

Heaven-level first-level powerhouse!

He has arranged for a heavy guard at the other exit of the Seven Kills Valley, and let a top-level powerhouse sit in the town.

At the same time, for safety reasons, he summoned all the disciples who had entered the valley to search for them back to guard.

He went to the Totem Temple by himself.

First, he wanted to see if he could meet an intruder.

Second, he had to report the matter to the Nine Great Beast Emperors to alert them in advance.

Thinking of this, the cockroach looked up in the direction of the Totem Temple.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

In half an hour at most, he will be able to arrive at the Totem Temple.

Chapter 294 S Grade - Killing Dao Talent!

At the same time, Qin Feng returned to the fourth floor of the Totem Temple.

The Mirage clone was doing nothing, and was digging fire glass there, and in just a while, he had already dug up nearly a hundred pieces.

From this, it can be seen that the Fire Glass Minerals on the fourth floor are indeed extremely rich.

Having said that, the strategic resource of Longyuan Town is currently the most lacking in Heavenly Quenching Gold.

That's one of the essential resources for level 6 towns.

Now, Longyuan Town has even the Glory Stones that can be upgraded to level 7 towns, but it is stuck on the sky quenching gold required for level 6 towns.

In this regard, Qin Feng is also very helpless.

At present, he also does not know where to find the Tianqueu Gold Mine.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Mirage clone and walked towards the fifth floor.

Only a moment, he stepped into the door of light.

With a whirlwind, he stepped into a new space.

He looked up quickly, and saw the silver light all around, it seemed that there was a huge mining area, with a radius of a hundred miles, and there was an endless sense of slaughter hidden in it.

"Are these mines?"

Qin Feng thought about it and looked at the ores.

I saw that those ores were all silver-white, looked like white stones, and had their own metallic luster, interspersed with pieces of golden minerals.

[Mithril Ore: Tier 3 resource, can automatically absorb the gold energy between heaven and earth. The blacksmith profession can use the refining technique to extract the fourth-order resource - mithril. 】

[Mithril: It can be used to create Tier 4 equipment, one of the very valuable resources. 】

[Reminder: After Mithril ore absorbs enough gold energy, it will also undergo alienation, giving birth to a fifth-order resource - Heavenly Quenching Gold! 】

what!

Heaven quenched gold?

After reading the last prompt, Qin Feng hurriedly looked at the golden minerals dotted in the deposit.

Boom~!

When he looked closely, his eyes lit up!

Heaven quenched gold!

Those golden minerals are sky-quenched gold!

Qin Feng was surprised.

It's really hard to find a place to break through the iron shoes, and it takes no effort to get it.

Longyuan Town's most urgent shortage of Heavenly Quenching Gold was solved in this way.

He looked around and saw that this mining area was hundreds of miles in diameter, and it was endless, producing millions of pieces of sky-quenched gold.

What's even better is that it can continuously generate new sky-quenched gold, and at the same time, it can also obtain another resource deposit - Mithril.

"Good luck!"

Qin Feng is in a good mood.

Thinking about it, the swallowing viper, the ape with the back of the god, the mirage, and the phoenix represent the four attributes of earth, wood, water, and fire, respectively.

According to this speculation, this fifth floor is the time for the appearance of metallic beast emperors.

By the way, what about the beast emperor on this floor?

Qin Feng looked around and saw no trace of the beast.

Suddenly, his expression changed slightly, and he turned to look at a valley dozens of miles away.

He heard a slight snoring sound coming from that direction.

Could it be that the beast emperor is sleeping?

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he released the wings of the wind and flew quietly in that direction.

It didn't take long for him to fly over the valley.

I saw that the valley was very huge, and there was a huge door of light standing at the bottom of the valley.

That should be the entrance to the sixth floor.

Right next to the gate of light, there was a giant tiger-shaped beast with all its white hair lying down, sleeping soundly and snoring from time to time.

Qin Feng visually observed that the giant beast was very huge. If it stood up, it should be ten feet tall, like a tall building, and its body length was more than thirty feet.

And the temperament exuding from his body is extremely sluggish, even in a sound sleep state, it is still murderous, which makes people palpitate.

This beast looks extraordinary!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he snooped away.

[Ferocious Beast]: Tiger (Emperor)

[Level]: Level 55

[Boundary]: Earth level (middle grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1900 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Killing (S-level, borrowed from things), the Law of Gold (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (white tiger)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty, ignoring defense.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

"Hey! S-level talent - the law of killing!"

Qin Feng's body was shocked, and his eyes were shocked!

It was the first time he had seen that the beast had an S-rank talent.

S-class talent!

Extremely rare!

Also very hard to get!

Even if he uses his head to extract endlessly, it is difficult to evolve an S-level talent.

In the past, he extracted B-level talents twice, and they could be superimposed and synthesized into A-level talents.

But S-level talent is different, extracting two A-level talents superimposed, it is impossible to evolve to S-level talent.

S-level talent is often not a single attribute. For example, the S-level light and dark reincarnation talent requires A-level light talent, A-level darkness talent, and the awakening of the seventh sense, Mana, in order to fully awaken.

S-level talents are often the result of the fusion of different A-level talents, not a single attribute.

And the talent of a single attribute, upgrading to A rank is the limit.

For example, the law of fire is the limit of a single fire talent.

"I didn't expect it! This tiger has an S-level killing talent. If I kill it, will I extract the S-level talent?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and his heart was hot.

S-class killing talent!

If he can get it, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

Having said that, the basic combat power of this Tiger is 1900 stars, which just reaches the limit of the prefecture level.

But if you count its foundation building power and S-level killing talent, its comprehensive strength is a proper first-level heaven, which should not be underestimated!

However, this guy is asleep, just in time to kill it silently.

Of course, he must also kill with one hit.

Because this guy is lying at the entrance of the sixth floor, if he doesn't die in one hit, it will be troublesome for him to escape to the sixth floor.