Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng summoned the Shen Luo Tian Blade with one hand, then held his breath and quietly approached.

It didn't take long before he walked to Huan Hu's side.

At this moment, he could clearly feel the hot air spewing out of the giant tiger's nose.

Standing in front of the giant tiger, he was not even half the size of his nose.

If this giant beast wakes up, it can swallow him as long as it opens its mouth and sucks.

"It's now!"

Swish~!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and slashed at the tiger's head with a knife.

Heaven-piercing sword qi, slashing down!

The power of slaying the heavens and the earth is revealed in an instant!

The monstrous killing intent, overturned!

roar~!

The tiger was awakened instantly.

It opened its eyes wide in horror, only to see a sword light strike, and it was too late to dodge.

In the panic, it had a **** mouth and spewed out a white light, like a lightsaber, directed at Qin Feng.

huh~!

The lightsaber instantly approached Qin Feng's eyebrows, and the speed was terrifyingly fast.

At such a close distance, Qin Feng either avoided or resisted.

But in this way, his attack on the tiger will come to an abrupt end.

This is the way the Tigers want to lose both in exchange for a chance of survival.

Qin Feng will naturally not stop.

Om~!

A clear cry!

A protective light shield condensed in front of him to block the lightsaber.

puff~!

A soft sound!

The lightsaber instantly penetrated the mask and shot directly at him.

Om~!

It was at this moment that the Light Shield Holy Shield emerged, blocking the lightsaber.

puff~!

Another soft sound!

The lightsaber penetrated the Light Shield again.

Qin Feng was shocked.

The power of this lightsaber was so terrifying, it even broke two of his defenses, and the speed was not reduced in the slightest.

What's more terrifying is that the lightsaber has approached his eyebrows.

It was too late for him to dodge!

puff~!

Another soft sound!

The lightsaber penetrated Qin Feng's head, and blood shot out.

Kacha~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's knife also fell, directly splitting Huanhu's head in half, and blood splashed everywhere.

roar~!

A mournful roar echoed in the valley.

Huan Hu's eyes before he died were extremely angry and unwilling.

madman! madman!

This guy is absolutely insane!

He chose to die with it!

It is not willing to die like this!

But before its thoughts collapsed, Qin Feng's body collapsed and turned into a black fog.

Skill - Dark Atomization!

This moment is completely activated.

In the next second, the black mist regrouped and condensed into a human form, Qin Feng reappeared, his brows were as clean as usual, and there was no trace of injury.

roar~!

The tiger is completely desperate!

The last thought completely collapsed!

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew out of the tiger and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Successfully kills a level 55 Tiger (Emperor level), you get +8.17 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 55 Tiger (Emperor level), you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the level 55 Tiger (Emperor level) successfully, two hidden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing the level 55 Tiger (Emperor level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (sixth floor) was released. 】

[Successfully killed the 55-level Tiger (Emperor), and the quest item—Beast Emperor Core (Tiger) was released. 】

"Hoo~! Finally killed it!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and was secretly delighted.

This tiger actually exploded two hidden treasure chests, and the explosion rate was higher than the previous beast emperors!

By the way, extract the S-level killing talent!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to extract it.

Chapter 295: Soul Strength, Transforming Soul into Weak Water!

By the way, extract the S-level killing talent!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to extract it...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired an A-level talent - the Golden Rule! 】

[Your gold talent is automatically promoted from B level to A level. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy.

The gold talent has finally reached the A level.

At this point, all his nine-element talents have reached A-level, and as long as he obtains time talents and space talents, he is expected to obtain SSS-level chaos talents.

However, the S-level talent he wants has not been obtained yet, so he continues to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of White Tiger Essence (Lower Rank). 】

[White Tiger Blood Essence (Lower Grade): A sixth-order item, the low-quality White Tiger Blood Essence contains a huge white tiger power and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the talent of the blood of the white tiger can refine the blood of the white tiger. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the white tiger. 】Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This is also a very good gain.

only…

Qin Feng is a little stunned!

Ferocious beasts above level 20 can only be extracted twice indefinitely.

He has already extracted it twice, but he didn't get the S-level talent he wanted - the Law of Killing Dao!

Did you just lose the chance?

Qin Feng was not reconciled and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction failed! 】

[Reminder: You have reached the maximum number of withdrawals! 】

Why!

Qin Feng sighed, feeling helpless.

By the way, what is this?

Qin Feng suddenly thought of it and turned to look not far away.

I saw that there was a white sword light floating in that direction, and it was shaking slightly.

That 140 was the sword light that broke Qin Feng's two defenses and pierced Qin Feng's sword.

After it attacked, it condensed and did not disperse, and it hovered in the air.

Even after the tiger fell, it was still stagnant in the air and did not collapse.

It just lost its owner, it seemed a little dazed.

This thing is kind of weird!

It looks like a lightsaber on the outside, but it looks more like an item on closer inspection.

Only objects can stay coagulated forever.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved at the lightsaber, and an invisible force shrouded away...

huh~!

The next second, the lightsaber was easily sucked by him.

Immediately, he peeped at the lightsaber...

[Alienation Golden Spirit: A seventh-order item, the Golden Spirit that incorporates the law of killing, can ignore all defenses and can only defend against it by attacking. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

No wonder, this lightsaber was able to break through his two defenses before, but it turned out to be able to ignore the defense!

It's so scary!

Just ignoring the defense, you have the opportunity to kill the enemy by leaps and bounds.

Those who don't know the truth are likely to be killed in one hit.

Attacks with this attribute can only be defeated by attacking them.

This also coincides with the law of killing!

In fact, this lightsaber has the feature of ignoring defense, which is given by the law of killing.

Ignoring all defenses is really one of the characteristics of killing Dao talent.

[Reminder: Huanhu obtained this alienated golden spirit by chance. After fusion, he obtained the S-level talent—the Law of Killing Dao, but the fusion was not thorough enough to truly exert the power of his killing Dao talent. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng knew for a while.

He checked the information of Tiger Tiger before, and it showed that his S-rank killing talent was born from things, so it turned out to be so.

In other words, if he completely refines this alienated golden spirit, he will not be able to get the talent of S-rank killing!

Thinking of this, his eyes suddenly lit up, and his heart was fiery.

It really is another village!