Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He has another way to get the talent of killing Dao.

Now, he continues to watch...

[Refining conditions: Master the laws of the A-level gold system, the laws of A-level power, and awaken the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness, you can try refining. If the power system talent is lacking, the refining will be incomplete. 】

[Reminder: After refining is complete, this alienated gold spirit can be completely integrated into the soul, so that it can completely obtain the S-level killing talent. 】

[Reminder: If you have bred a golden spirit, using your own golden spirit to fuse with this alienated golden spirit can speed up the speed of complete refining. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He also understood why Huanhu couldn't be completely refined, because Huanhu lacked the talent for strength.

But Qin Feng has all the prerequisites for complete refining.

The only thing lacking is that he has not awakened the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness.

However, when he opened the purple diamond treasure chest, he opened the holy fruit of the soul.

As long as he eats the sacred fruit of the soul, he can immediately awaken to the mana consciousness.

The premise is that to eat the sacred fruit of the soul, the strength of the soul needs to reach the heaven level, and he can't eat it now.

Unless he completes the foundation of the gods, he can eat the holy fruit of the soul.

After the god-level foundation is established, the soul will be greatly strengthened, which can be comparable to the soul of a heaven-level powerhouse.

"It seems that when I finish this task of the Totem Temple, I have to go to the Holy Martial Hall to complete the foundation of the gods as soon as possible!"

Qin Feng sighed in his heart.

His chances of acquiring the two major S-rank talents were all stuck on the awakening of Mana consciousness.

That is to say, it is imperative to build a foundation with divine quality.

As long as he completes the foundation of the gods, he will immediately get the S-level light and dark reincarnation talent, and the S-level killing talent talent.

At that time, his strength will definitely improve dramatically!

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

He means that he has two major opportunities for soaring strength. As long as he completes the foundation, he can soar into the sky.

However, now that he is running out of time, to do the task of the temple, the foundation building has to be postponed.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away the spirit of alienation gold.

This is his S-rank talent opportunity!

Afterwards, he started to clear the battlefield, and got two more dark treasure chests and a beast emperor core.

After a while, the battlefield was processed, and he walked to the sixth floor.

More than half of the nine beast emperors have been killed, and only four are left...

Just as Qin Feng walked to the entrance of the sixth floor, a human figure appeared on the first floor of the Totem Temple.

The person here is a cockroach!

At this moment, he looked at the empty first floor with a look of astonishment.

"Strange! Why is the swallowing viper gone? Isn't it guarding the first floor? Did it go after the invaders?"

Cockroach murmured in his heart.

Suddenly, his eyes fell on a corner of the hall.

Right there, there was blood on the ground.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He hurriedly stepped forward, squatted down, and checked the blood.

I saw that he touched the blood with his fingers, and it was already in a semi-dry state, indicating that the time was not short.

He used his fingers again, sticking some bloodstains on his nose and smelling it, his face changed slightly.

The smell of this blood was clearly snake blood, not human blood.

Is it...

Cockroach seemed to think of a possibility, but he couldn't believe it.

Immediately, he got up and walked to the entrance of the second floor...

He signed a contract with Lord Beast God, and he can go back and forth freely without a pass.

Soon, he entered the second floor...

At the same time, Qin Feng had entered the sixth floor.

At this time, he found that he entered a new space, surrounded by an endless ocean, with a radius of 10,000 miles.

The space here is a hundred times larger than the space on the previous floors.

And the space entrance to the seventh floor is actually suspended above the sky.

If you don't have flying skills, you can't reach the entrance at all, and there is no way to enter the seventh floor.

It seems that without the strength above the prefecture level, there is almost no way to enter the seventh floor.

Qin Feng sighed and looked around.

He found himself standing on a huge stone pillar.

The stone pillar was thousands of zhang high, slender and long, standing alone in the sea.

Looking at the distance, there are several similar stone pillars, one by one standing in the vast sea.

Surrounded by surging waves, surging constantly.

The violent waves slapped on the stone pillars from time to time, bursting with clattering sounds and splashing water all over the sky, as if the stone pillars could be smashed in the next second, which was shocking.

This scene is inexplicably depressing!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and looked at the surrounding sea water.

The water is dark and cold, and it always feels weird.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he went to detect those seawater.

[Soul-turning weak water: a fourth-order strange object, which can be used to purify the soul, and it can also be used to purify medicine pills. After the soul is purified, the strength will increase. After the medicinal pill is purified, the purity will increase. 】

[Reminder: Soul-turning weak water can ignore the protection of the body and directly invade the sea of ​​consciousness to purify the soul. The soul of the human-level realm is too weak, and will be turned into nothingness by it. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

This soul-turning weak water is a good resource, but it is extremely poisonous to the human-level realm!

It can actually turn the soul of the human-level realm into nothingness.

And Qin Feng is the realm of human level.

The lack of soul strength is his biggest weakness.

If he wants to eliminate this weakness, he has to quickly complete the foundation building.

As long as he succeeds in establishing the foundation of the gods, the strength of his soul can be comparable to that of a heaven-level powerhouse.

By then, he will have no weaknesses.

However, it is useless for him to think about this now.

"I have to be careful not to fall into this sea of ​​soul transformation. Otherwise, it will be a big trouble."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

By the way, what about the Beast Emperor on the sixth floor?

Why didn't he see it?

This thought came to me, and a shocking cold hum sounded on the bottom of the sea.

"Who are you?!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the sea in front of him burst open, and a huge body burst out of the sea.

Chapter 296 Heaven and Earth Harmony! Datong style!

Boom~!

The voice just fell, and the sea in front of it burst open, and a huge body burst out of the sea...

Qin Feng was startled and looked around quickly, and saw a strange fish with a length of 10,000 zhang and the shape of a long whale, breaking out of the water and causing monstrous waves.

Whoa~la~la!

The waves fell, turned into black rain, and poured down.

Om~!

Qin Feng quickly held up a mask to stop the black-rain.

Those are the torrential rains formed by the weak water of the soul, if they stick to the body, I am afraid that it will cause damage to his soul.

Of course he didn't dare to be careless!

In just a moment, all the waves fell!

The black rain that drifted towards Qin Feng was also stopped.

At this moment, the shape of the giant fish in the air was twisted, and it turned into a monster with a length of 10,000 feet, a bird's head, a fish body, and 10,000 feet of wings on its back.

Qin Feng quickly snooped away...

[Ferocious beast]: Kunjing (Emperor level)

[Level]: Level 56

[Realm]: Heaven-level realm (low-grade combined Dao)

[Combat Strength]: 1500 stars

[Talent]: Law of Wind (A-level), Law of Speed ​​(A-level), Water Law (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (Kunpeng)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty, super speed.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

"It really is the realm of heaven!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

This bird-like fish is the descendant of the mythical beast Kunpeng, so it can not only dive deep into the sea, but also soar for nine days. It has two forms.

The beast emperor in this space should be the main wind element.

However, as a beast emperor in the heaven-level realm, its basic combat power is only 1500 stars, and it is not as good as a tiger.

The basic combat power of Huanhu is 1900 stars, which is 400 stars more than this squid.

Could it be that the Kunyao is not as powerful as the Tiger?

This is impossible!

The nine subordinates arranged by the Beast God, one layer is stronger than the other, the strength of this Kunyao is definitely higher than that of the tiger.

Although the basic combat power of the Kunyao is not as good as that of the Tiger, it is a fierce beast of the heaven-level realm, and its power to control the laws of heaven and earth is far stronger than that of the Tiger.

Even if it is the worst low-ranking Dao in the Heaven-level realm, it is far stronger than the tiger.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was curious, what kind of strength will this scorpion have after exerting the power of the realm?

It turned out that when the human-level realm broke through to the earth-level realm, it was necessary to build a foundation.

The quality of the foundation building is also divided into grades, the lowest grade is the worst, and the divine grade is the highest.

The higher the quality, the stronger the foundation building power obtained.

The strength of the prefecture-level powerhouse is the basic combat power plus the power of building the foundation.

In the same way, to break through the realm of the earth level to the realm of the heaven level, it is necessary to join the Tao.