Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The quality of Hedao is also divided into grades, and the lower grades are the worst.

The strength of a heaven-level powerhouse is the basic combat power plus the power of the way.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Kunyao was also looking at Qin Feng.

Its eagle-like eyes flashed with strange brilliance, and it saw through Qin Feng's invisibility at once.

In front of the Heaven-level powerhouse, such a stealth technique cannot deceive their eyes.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After looking at it for a while, there was a look of astonishment in the eyes of the scorpion.

This human being is neither a child of the Cang clan, nor a child of the Zhi clan, and he is only a human-level realm.

The squid was stunned!

As a bloodline beast, it is neither a guardian force nor a challenge force, so it cannot see the information that Qin Feng is a challenger.

This makes it even more confusing!

A human at the human level, and not a child of the two guardian clans, how did he come in?

Are they not interrogated?

In its view, without the consent of the tigers and tigers, this human being will never get in.

It never thought that Qin Feng came all the way.

"Human, how did you get in?"

The mackerel spit out human words again, with a high tone.

Most of the heavenly beasts can speak human words, and some high-ranking beasts can transform into human figures.

From this aspect, it can be seen that, both of them are bloodline spirit beasts, Xiao Luan'er is of higher rank than Huhu and Kunyao, and the potential is also greater.

Xiao Luan'er has not yet cultivated to the realm of heaven, and she can speak human words.

"Lord Beast Emperor, I'm here on the order of the head of the Cang clan to come to see Lord Beast God."

Qin Feng was full of nonsense.

He could see that the squid didn't feel like an enemy.

Its lofty attitude, as if everything is under control, without the slightest nervousness.

Obviously, it did not take Qin Feng into account.

It's just a human being in the human-level realm, and it is two big realms lower than it.

It can kill it with a hand, and naturally it won't take it to heart.

"Humph! That Xuan Qiong is so big. He's just a servant of my master. If he doesn't come to meet the master himself, he sends a kid like you here. He's really floating recently!"

The carp's tone was full of disdain and extreme dissatisfaction.

Qin Feng sneered: "Master Beast Emperor, I'm just following orders!"

But at this moment, a light flashed in Kunyao's mind: "Hey! No! Even if Xuanqiong wants to send someone here, he should send his sons and daughters here, why send you such a stranger..."

Boom~!

Before the words were finished, Qin Feng suddenly shot.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Shinra Sky Blade, slashing towards the Kunya!

Thousands of feet of sword energy, slashing the sky!

Boo~!

A terrifying chirping!

Mackerel is furious!

How dare this humble human attack it!

court death!

Boom~!

It slapped it directly with a claw and met Qin Feng's knife.

Boom~Long~Long!

At the same moment, the entire space is shaking!

The power of the law of the wind and the power of the law of the water poured into him at the same time.

The majestic momentum suddenly soared all the way, and in the blink of an eye, it soared to 2,500-star combat power, an entire increase of 1,000-star combat power.

It turns out that the power of inferiority and Taoism has a thousand stars.

If it is the middle-grade Hedao and the top-grade Hedao, it is even more terrifying.

On this day, the laws of the earth and the earth were unified, and the combination was successful.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

With that claw, the space shattered inch by inch.

The sharp claws left a few spatial tear marks in the air!

At this moment, Kunyao's eyes were full of hideousness.

It wants to smash this human with one paw!

Let him pay for his stupidity!

It's a big joke that a person-level person dares to challenge a heaven-level person!

In the blink of an eye, the claws collided!

Boom~!

A loud explosion!

With the attack of one person and one beast as the center point, it blasted toward the surrounding sea, and thousands of huge waves rose into the sky.

The stone pillar at the foot of Qin Feng also collapsed!

Kacha~!

Then there was a bang!

Scales fly!

Blood splattered!

Qin Feng cut off the bird's claws with one knife.

The squid let out a scream, and was suddenly bombarded and tumbled and flew out.

Boom~!

Qin Feng instantly unfolded the wings of the wind and chased him away.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the squirrel.

The scorpion was extremely frightened, and his eyes were full of disbelief.

If it hadn't fought in person, it would never have believed that just one face-to-face with a human-level realm could severely damage it.

Swish~!

The knife light is on again!

Thousands of feet of sword energy, once again smashed into the sky!

Boo~!

The scorpion screamed and didn't dare to fight again.

huh~!

I saw a flash of blue light on its body, and it turned into an afterimage, which instantly escaped several miles away.

That speed is as fast as teleportation.

Bang~!

Qin Feng's knife slashed into the air, slashing the sea below, with huge waves, and the world shook.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng scolded and chased the Kunyao away.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But the mackerel flies extremely fast!

I saw its wings vibrate and fled directly towards the entrance of the seventh floor, leaving a trail of afterimages in the air.

It turned out that he knew that he was not Qin Feng's opponent, so he wanted to escape to the seventh floor and find helpers.

And Qin Feng's speed is far inferior to it, and it is pulled farther and farther.

This mackerel is indeed a spirit beast that is good at wind.

This is the fastest beast Qin Feng has ever seen in history.

Seeing that Kunyao was about to escape into the seventh floor entrance, Qin Feng was anxious.

He must not let the mackerel escape!

Otherwise, follow-up troubles will be big!

I'm afraid it's not as simple as the cooperation of the sixth and seventh floor beast emperors, and it is likely to alarm the 80% and ninth floor beast emperors, and even wake up the beast gods in advance.

Ten thousand times gravity!

Boom~!

Qin Feng pinched a seal in his hand, and the gravity technique was instantly applied to the scorpion.

The mackerel was caught off guard, and suddenly staggered, rolled and fell from the air.

Afterwards, it struggled a few times and got rid of the 10,000-fold gravity.

But before it rose into the sky again, another 'super petrification' was applied to it.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Its whole body was instantly told the truth, turned into a huge statue, and fell directly into the sea below.

Boom~!

But after a few seconds, it broke out of the sea again and brought the monstrous wolf.

At this moment, its eyes were full of horror.

This human being is not only strong, but also has a lot of innate power, so he restrained it for a while.

0

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But the idea of ​​it came up, and Qin Feng made another move to absolutely freeze it, freezing it into a huge ice sculpture, and freezing it into an icicle together with the waves that it brought up, standing above the sea of ​​ice.

Bang~!

In the next second, the ice sculpture shatters!

The mackerel broke through the ice!

But at this time, Qin Feng had already arrived, and chopped the sky and the earth, and chopped down.

The knife shines for thousands of miles!

The momentum covers the world!

The mackerel had no time to dodge any longer.

It widened its eyes in horror.

But in the next second, a ruthless look appeared in its eyes.