Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Since they are all dead!

Then let's die together!

Whoo~!

It opens its mouth and squirts!

It blew a cyan wind towards Qin Feng!

Qin Feng was startled, but he didn't have time to dodge, so he quickly put up a protective mask.

The wind blows!

He ignored the protective mask and penetrated Qin Feng's body.

Qin Feng suddenly felt his whole body and was pierced by the strange wind.

What is even more terrifying is that the strange wind seems to contain the power of transforming the soul, blowing into his sea of ​​consciousness, and blowing through his soul body.

His soul was penetrated by the strange wind.

A sharp pain came from the depths of his soul, and his face showed a painful color.

Kacha~!

At the same moment, his knife slashed and also split the scorpion into two halves, with blood flying all over the sky.

Before he died, he also saw the pain on Qin Feng's face, with deep hatred and some happiness in his eyes.

It ended up killing this **** human too!

Under the blowing of its Great Harmony, under the realm of the earth level, no one can survive whether it is a human being or a beast.

It turned out that the strange blue wind was called Datong Wind, which specialized in the human soul.

As the saying goes: Datong takes flight on the same day, and the soul is scattered for 90,000 miles.

That is, the squid used the invisible wind (level 5) and the weak water of the soul (level 4), fused together, and got the Datong wind of the sixth level.

The invisible wind is all-pervasive, and no defense can resist it, but it has no destructive power.

Datongfeng not only has the pervasive characteristics of invisible wind, but also contains the power of soul-turning weak water to hurt the soul.

As soon as this wind blows, all the soul bodies under the earth-level realm will be blown away and scattered, thus falling.

Although this human's combat power is extremely strong, he is only a human-level realm after all, and his soul body is his only weakness.

He is dead this time!

This is the last thought of the squid.

But at the moment when this idea was about to disappear, the pain on Qin Feng's face disappeared, instead showing a very comfortable expression.

The scorpion's thoughts were stunned!

But at this time, it couldn't hold it any longer!

puff~!

Mind shattered!

Miserable roar echoes!

With endless unwillingness and resentment, the scorpion fell on the spot, and its huge body fell into the sea of ​​souls below, splashing huge waves...

At the same moment, Qin Feng's mind sounded Tiandao's reminder.

[Reminder: Your soul body has been purified by Datongfeng, and once the soul body is strengthened, your combat power will increase by 10 stars...]

Immediately afterwards, an extremely comfortable feeling came from the depths of the soul.

Qin Feng also showed a pleasant expression on his face, and he was also full of surprises.

The strange wind didn't hurt him, but instead strengthened his soul.

After a little thought, Qin Feng understood what was going on.

It turned out that the Great Harmony Wind can only blow away the souls below the earth level, but it has a purifying effect on the soul bodies above the earth level.

This part of the effect comes from the weak water of the soul.

Because the soul-turning weak water can purify earth-level soul bodies, and continuously strengthen those soul bodies.

Although Qin Feng has not yet established a foundation, and his soul body is not yet at the ground level, he has awakened the A-level talent and six consciousnesses.

This is an A-level talent for energy.

In other words, he belonged to a person with a naturally strong soul body. Even in the human-level realm, the strength of his soul body was comparable to that of a low-level foundation-building earth-level soul body.

In this way, Datongfeng not only failed to harm him, but instead purified his soul.

What an unexpected discovery!

It turns out that his soul body is not weak.

Qin Feng was surprised.

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out from the bottom of the sea and poured into his body...

[Successfully kills the 56-level scorpion (Emperor-level), you get +10.17 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills a level 56 squid (imperial level), you get +20 reputation points. 】

[Successfully killed the 56-level squid (imperial level), and three hidden treasure chests were exploded. 】

[Killing the 56-level scorpion (emperor level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (seventh floor) was released. 】

[Killing the 56-level mackerel (imperial level) successfully, the task item - the beast emperor core (macro) is exploded. 】…………

Chapter 297 Soul strengthening, strength improvement!

Finally killed!

This time, three hidden treasure chests were revealed.

Qin Feng is delighted!

Then, he turned his head to look not far away, a cyan wind was whistling and whirling.

That is Datongfeng!

Without the master's control, it is raging aimlessly.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he sucked Datong Feng over.

[Datongfeng: The sixth-order wonders of heaven and earth are formed by the fusion of invisible wind and weak water. 】

[Reminder: Master the natural law of wind (level A) and the law of water (level A) to refine. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly, condensed the wind into a ball, then took out a jade bottle and put the wind ball in it.

So far, Datongfeng has been closed.

After all, this wind is a sixth-order strange thing, and it may have some magical uses in the future, such as to kill groups of human-level guardians.

In short, when he has the opportunity, he will refine it.

After doing this, he plunged into the sea of ​​souls and began to collect his spoils.

It didn't take long for him to go deep into the sea, and he saw the corpse of the carp, three dark treasure chests, and a beast emperor's core, floating on it.

Qin Feng stepped forward to put away the spoils and began to extract the corpses...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the A-level talent - the law of speed! 】

[Your agility talent is automatically promoted from B-level to A-level speed law. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

So far, his talents in the four indices of strength, agility, physique, and energy have all been promoted to A-level talents, reaching the pinnacle.

Besides, he has now comprehended the A-level speed law, and the speed has increased several times.

In terms of speed of light, I am afraid that he can be compared with the powerhouses of the third level of heaven.

You know, his current combat power is only the second level of heaven.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this harvest,

Then, he continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Kunpeng blood essence (low-grade). 】

[Kunpeng blood essence (lower grade): A sixth-order item, the low-quality Kunpeng blood essence contains a huge Kunpeng power and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with Kunpeng bloodline talent can refine Kunpeng blood essence. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of Kunpeng. 】Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Another nice catch!

After the extraction, Qin Feng put the corpse of Kunya into the zero-degree space and let the clone deal with it.

Then, he looked up and looked around, there were dark soul-turning weak water everywhere.

As soon as he thought about it, he removed the protective masks around him.

Boom~!

In the next second, the weak water of soul-turning from all directions rushed towards him frantically.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng was engulfed by endless weak water.

As soon as the soul water sticks to the skin, it turns into a black spiritual energy, silently infiltrating the body and flowing everywhere.

Qin Feng intuitively felt cool all over.

Afterwards, he clearly sensed that a stream of cool air rushed straight into his mind, rushed into the sea of ​​​​knowledge, and then continuously washed his soul body

A strange feeling came from the depths of the soul.

Tiandao also kept sending reminders...

[Reminder: Your soul body has been purified by the soul-turning weak water, the soul body strength is +1, and the combat power is increased by 1 star]

[Reminder: Your soul body has been purified by the soul-turning weak water, the soul body strength is +1, and the combat power is increased by 1.2 stars]

[Reminder: Your soul body has been purified by the soul-turning weak water, the soul body strength is +1, and the combat power is increased by 1.1 stars]

Sure enough!

The strength of the soul body increases, and the combat power will also increase.

This is one of the benefits of increasing the strength of the soul body.

Qin Feng was surprised.

At the moment, he closed his eyes and began to enjoy the purification of the soul-turning weak water with all his heart.

This is also a rare opportunity! ...

At the same time, the second floor of the Totem Temple.

Cockroach looked at the messy valley with a look of astonishment on his face.

In this valley, the fruit forests were gone, as if they had been uprooted, and there were upturned soil everywhere.

In the middle of the valley, there is still a large pool of wet blood, which is the blood of ape-like beasts.

problem occurs!

Absolutely something went wrong!

First, the swallowing viper, and then the ape with the back of the back, all of which were a mess on the site, and there were bloodstains on the scene.

Did the enemy kill them?

This is impossible!

No matter how much, he will go in and have a look!

Cockroach hurriedly walked to the third floor.

At this moment, he also wanted to contact Lord Beast God.

But he is only the servant of the Beast God, and the spiritual connection between the two is made by the Beast God.

In other words, Lord Beast God can contact him at any time.