Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

But he couldn't contact Lord Beast God.

So far, Lord Beast God has not contacted him, indicating that the incoming enemy has not awakened Lord Beast God!

He also has the communication jade talisman of the ninth-layer Beast Emperor in his hand, and he also contacted the ninth-layer Beast Emperor, but he did not respond.

It is rumored that the ninth-layer Beast Emperor is breaking through in retreat, I am afraid it is true.

Otherwise, Lord Beast Emperor on the ninth floor should have responded long ago.

As for the beast emperors on the other layers, they have not yet changed their shape, so there is no communication talisman in hand, so they cannot be contacted!

No matter what, he has to go in and check quickly.

Maybe, the enemy is already inside, fighting with other layers of beast emperors.

He's going now, just in time to help.

Thinking of this, the cockroach quickened his pace.

Soon, he entered the third floor.

There was an isolated island full of Cangyi, all the spiritual flowers and grasses were gone, the beast emperor mirage was also gone, and there was only a pool of blood on the ground.

Seeing this, the cockroach's heart tightened a little.

Then, he walked to the fourth floor.

By the way, the fourth floor is the undead bird and beast emperor, whose ability is immortality.

Even if the enemy is a first-level powerhouse, it is impossible to kill the undead bird on the phoenix's territory.

Thinking of this, the cockroach suddenly came to the spirit.

In his opinion, the enemy is probably on the fourth floor, fighting against the Phoenix!

He has to hurry to help!

Thinking of this, the cockroach hurriedly entered the fourth floor.

But when he entered, he was stunned.

The scene was a mess, and there were traces of explosions everywhere, except for the phoenix.

Cockroach's heart became heavier.

Immediately, he took a deep breath and walked to the fifth floor.

The fifth floor is guarded by the Tiger Beast Emperor!

Although the tiger is at the prefecture level, its comprehensive strength is the first level of the real value.

This time, it should be able to hold it!

After a while, the cockroach entered the fifth floor.

He didn't see the figure of the tiger, only a pool of blood.

He was completely dumbfounded!

Start to panic!

In the end what kind of existence killed all the way here?

Is it the second level of heaven?

The cockroach took a deep breath and walked to the fifth floor with an uneasy mood.

Even if the enemy is at the second level of heaven and dares to invade the Totem Temple, he will have to die.

With the strength of the beast god, there is still a way to kill the second level of heaven.

Especially since this is the territory of the Beast God.

Now is the time for him to show his loyalty.

Thinking of this, the cockroach became more and more determined to go to the sixth floor...

At the same moment, the sixth floor of the temple.

Boom~!

A blast!

Qin Feng broke out of the sea.

At this moment, his face was full of joy.

After some purification of Soul Transformation and Weak Water, the strength of his soul has been greatly improved, and it is infinitely close to the level of middle-grade foundation building.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

His combat power also increased to 3350 stars unknowingly.

He is very satisfied with this progress.

However, the soul-turning weak water has a limit on the purification of the soul body, and now it is ineffective for him.

Of course he's leaving!

"It's time to go to the seventh floor!"

Qin Feng looked up at the seventh floor entrance 3.4.

Then, he looked at the Soul Transformation Sea under him.

This soul-turning weak water has infinite magical uses!

He can get some back for Xiao Luan'er.

That little guy was born in the realm of foundation building, and his soul is born strong and can withstand its purification.

In addition, these soul-turning weak waters can also be used to wash and refine medicine pills, which is indeed a good thing.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out the glass bottle and directly filled tens of thousands of cubic meters of soul water.

After doing this, he flew to the seventh floor entrance with satisfaction.

In just a moment, he entered the seventh floor.

The moment Qin Feng entered the entrance of the seventh floor, the figure of the cockroach appeared on the sixth floor.

At this moment, the cockroach looked at the calm sea of ​​souls, and became even more anxious.

In the past, as soon as he stepped into this place, the Kun Kun Beast Emperor would sense it.

This time, the figure of the Kunyao Beast Emperor disappeared.

"It seems that we can only go to the seventh floor to see!"

Cockroach took a deep breath and flew towards the seventh floor.

At this moment, a reminder came from Tiandao.

Chapter 298 Mutation! Prestige Challenge!

Cockroach took a deep breath and flew towards the seventh floor.

At this moment, a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Area reminder: The guardian force Yuan clan activated the prestige challenge order, and launched a prestige challenge to the leaders of all challenger forces in the No. 1 area. 】

[Challenge content: After 24 hours, if the prestige of the leader of the challenged force is lower than 200 points, the location of his force will be automatically revealed to the Yuan clan. 】

[The leader of the challenge force with more than 200 reputation points will continue to keep his position secret, and can get 10,000 attribute rewards, and can obtain the location of the Yuan family. 】

[Reminder: If you challenge the leader of the faction, if the reputation value reaches 300 points, the reward will be doubled, you can get 20,000 attribute rewards, if you reach 400 points, you can get 30,000 attribute rewards, and so on….]

[Reminder: The attribute point rewards for this challenge are deducted from all the descendants of the Yuan clan. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news was announced, the cockroach was shocked, and his eyes widened in astonishment.

what!

It's a prestige challenge!

The Yuan clan has a prestige challenge order!

After the cockroach was startled, a look of envy appeared on his face.

This prestige challenge order needs a big chance to get it!

As long as it is activated, you can find out the positions of all challenging forces by betting on reputation.

It is rumored that some mysterious forces do just that.

That Yaotian Clan used this method to find out the positions of more than a dozen challenging forces, and slaughtered those villages in one day, earning more than 7,000 points.

This makes all the guardian forces envious.

More than seven thousand points!

Definitely get a spot in the standings.

It's just that the cockroach didn't expect that the Yuan clan would get a prestige challenge order so quickly.

The Yuan clan will soon be able to find out the positions of all the challenging forces in the No. 1 area.

At that time, they will launch a large-scale attack to slaughter the challenger villages, and they can get a lot of points, and it can be estimated that it can reach more than 5,000 points!

The more the cockroach thought about it, the more envious it became.

The Yuan clan deserves to be the leader of the seven guardian forces in this area.

How on earth did they get the prestige challenge order?

If their clan can also get a prestige challenge order, that's fine, but unfortunately the challenge order is too difficult to get.

In short, the challenging forces in this area will not be considered in the future, and will definitely be slaughtered by the Yuan clan.

In the future, he will start looking for challenging forces from Area 2.

Cockroaches are envious.

He never thought that among the challenge strengths in this area, there was already a power leader whose reputation exceeded 200 points, or even 300 points.

That is Qin Feng!

Twenty-four hours later, it was the Yuan clan who should cry.

In the opinion of the cockroach, the challenger who challenged the world on this side came from the world of Xiaoqian, and his strength would definitely not be too strong.

What's more, today is the first day of the end of the novice assessment, and the challengers don't have that much time to earn prestige.

Those power leaders, if the reputation can reach 100 points, is already very good.

Not to mention the humans in the Xiaoqian World, even if the humans in the Middle Thousand World have reached 200 reputation points within these eight days, it is impossible.

Thinking of this, the cockroach felt that the Yuan clan had decided on all the challenging forces in the No. 1 area, and was envious in his heart.

Afterwards, he sighed and continued to rush towards the seventh floor.

He doesn't have a prestige challenge order, so in addition to envy, he can only envy...

At the same moment, this message spread throughout the seven guardian forces.

These seven guardian forces are Yuan Clan, Cang Clan, Zhi Clan, Ye Clan, etc.

At this moment, the major guardian forces are extremely envious, each and everyone secretly thinking that the luck of the Yuan clan is really good!

I actually got a prestige challenge order!

Only the Xuan Qiong of the Cang clan was suspicious.

Their Cang clan found a terrifying challenger near Tongtian Lake, and that person killed Cangyuan and others.

In his opinion, that person's reputation might have reached more than 200 points.

To this end, he sent Old Gu and Old Mo, but so far no information has been sent back.

This time the Seven Clan Conference, he did not disclose this information.

If he revealed this information, I am afraid that the Yuan clan would not dare to launch a prestige challenge easily.

Maybe, the Yuan clan will suffer this time!

Thinking of this, Xuan Qiong secretly rejoiced.