Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The seven guardian forces compete with each other.

If the Yuan clan suffers, he is so happy.

Just when Xuan Qiong was secretly overjoyed, a Supreme Elder quietly came over.

"Patriarch, the Yuan clan actually launched a prestige challenge order. I wonder if they will suffer this time? The person my clan met at Tongtian Lake last time, I'm afraid there is hope to reach 200 prestige points."

Xuan Qiong smiled slightly: "We don't know exactly what challenge forces are in this area. But one thing is certain, there should be an extremely powerful challenge force near Tongtian Lake. Maybe, the Yuan clan will lose 10,000. attribute points."

The Supreme Elder also secretly rejoiced: "Ten thousand attribute points is not a small number, I'm afraid the Yuan clan will be very painful."

Xuan Qiong smiled and said: "There are advantages and disadvantages! The items given by Heavenly Dao have always been double-edged swords, and there is no such thing as a huge profit! Besides, the damage to the Yuan family is not a bad thing."

"Makes sense!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two looked at each other and smiled...

At the same time, this challenge message also resounded through the top ten challenge forces in District 1.

These ten challenging forces are Longyuan Town, Zhanxiong Village, Yuelong Village, Cosmic Bangbang Village, etc...

When the people in Longyuan Town got the news, they couldn't help but laugh.

At the same time, they are also happy for Qin Feng.

As we all know, the prestige of their boss has already exceeded 200 points.

The 10,000 attribute point reward this time, the boss has decided!

At the same time, the eight major villages including Yuelong Village, Dengta Village, and Cosmic Bangbang Village were in chaos.

In the alliance chat channel, there was already a lot of noise.

"Omg! That **** Yuan clan, he actually launched a prestige challenge. My God! The location of our eight villages will be revealed in 24 hours!"

"Baga! With our current strength, we are not the opponents of those guardian forces at all!"

"Axi! It's so embarrassing! What should I do?"

"Yeah! Among the village heads of our eight villages, the most prestigious one should be Nguyen Phuc. But his reputation is only 84 points, which is far from 200 points."

"Evacuate! Our eight villages must evacuate as soon as possible!"

"Evacuate? Where to evacuate? What about those wooden houses?"

At this time, Miyamoto Lang jumped out.

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! Everyone, have you forgotten? Qin Feng's reputation should have reached 200 points. Their Longyuan Village should not be exposed. We can directly kill Longyuan Village, destroy them, and occupy their village."

Miyamoto Lang: "When the time comes, we will move our wooden house. After that, we will occupy the nest and live in Longyuan Village. The eight exposed village locations will be given to the Yuan clan."

Amir: "Mr. Miyamoto, your idea is great!"

Edward: "Oh! Dear Mr. Miyamoto, you are so reasonable. It just so happens that we are going to attack Longyuan Village early tomorrow morning. This time, the Yuan clan's prestige challenge is not necessarily a bad thing."

Nguyen Fu: "Everyone, I'm a little worried. Can we join forces with the Eight Villages, can we really deal with Longyuan Village?"

Park Chengxin: "Village Ruan Fu, the people of our eight villages, plus the refugees, there are more than 67,000 people in total. Just the tactics of the sea of ​​people can kill the people of Longyuan Village, Smecta!"

Edward: "Oh! That's right upstairs! We're sure to win!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Those **** people from the Dragon Kingdom will not be saved during the novice assessment period. I hate them! Besides, if we don't destroy them this time, the Yuan clan will attack them. We must grab their territory. , to protect yourself."

Edward: "Oh! It makes sense! I believe that our Hachimura Alliance will definitely win!"

Park Chengxin: "Haha! In history, the Eight Pots Allied Forces invaded the Dragon Country. This time, our Eighth Village Allied Forces invaded Longyuan, which is equivalent to making history repeat itself. This is the fate of history, Smecta!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Yo Xi! That's exactly what I want to say! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, the channel was full of laughter.

They seemed to see history repeating itself.

In their opinion, it seems that Longyuan Village has been settled.

On the Alliance Channel, Li Xianhu watched all this silently, sneering inwardly.

He has infiltrated the Hachimura Alliance for some time.

He witnessed with his own eyes the arrogance and arrogance of these people, and the great underestimation of the people of the Dragon Kingdom by these people.

Longyuan Village is already a level 5 town.

The funny thing is, these guys have always thought that Long 873 Yuan Village is still a third-level village with a population of no more than 10,000 people.

They thought that if they had more people, they would definitely win.

Wait until tomorrow morning, after the Hachimura Alliance invades Longyuan, who is the unlucky one?

Thinking of this, Li Xianhu sneered.

Afterwards, he silently took out a piece of animal skin and began to write a secret letter on it, ready to send it to Liu Yuan...

On the other hand, Qin Feng heard the announcement as soon as he stepped into the seventh floor.

He couldn't help stunned!

Is it even possible?

Reputation reaches 200 points, you can get 10,000 attribute rewards, and you can also get the position of the Yuan family!

In the early days of this hegemony, the opponent's position was kept secret.

If you can get the opponent's position, you can get a head start, which is a good thing!

When Qi Jie pressed the prisoner last time, he not only obtained the information of the Cang Clan, but also the information of the guardian forces in this area.

If he remembers correctly, the Yuan clan is the head of the seven guardian forces in this area, and there are three heavenly powerhouses in the clan.

I don't know how many attributes the Yuan clan will lose this time?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly checked his reputation.

[Level]: Level 25 (human level)

[Holy Duty]: Level 15 (Judge)

[Reputation]: 396 points (novice supreme)

After reading this, Qin Feng laughed.

He's not far from 400 reputation.

In this way, when he has 400 reputation points, he will have 30,000 attribute rewards in 24 hours.

By the way, I wonder if he has any hope of hitting 500 reputation points?

If the impact is successful, you can get 40,000 attribute rewards.

He kills a heavenly beast and can gain 20 reputation.

The beast emperors on the seventh, eighth, and ninth floors should all be heavenly beasts, that is, 60 reputation.

The prestige of the beast **** is higher!

After all, he has a chance!

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Forty thousand attributes!

This is a huge reward!

I just don't know, will the Yuan clan mourn after their 40,000 attribute points are deducted?

Chapter 299 S Grade - The Law of Destruction!

Just when Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised, far away on the border of No. 1 area, the headquarters of the Yuan clan.

In a tall attic, a dignified middle-aged man was looking at the prestige gambling order in his hand with joy.

This middle-aged man is the head of the Yuan family - Yuan Kong.

"Reputation gambling order! This is really good stuff!"

Yuan Kong looked at the betting order with a happy face.

This was purchased from the Yaotian family at a great cost.

Because the same gambling method cannot be used twice, the Yaotian family has already used it once, so the extra tokens are useless and will be sold.

"Patriarch, we will bet this time, won't there be any accident?"

A woman's voice sounded behind Yuan Kong.

It was a beautiful woman in a fancy dress.

"Do you think there will be an accident?"

Yuan Kong looked back at the beautiful woman.

The beautiful woman was a little worried: "Patriarch, according to the rules of gambling, if one of those challenger forces reaches 200 reputation points, my clan will be deducted 10,000 attributes, which is not a small amount!"

Yuan Kong smiled casually: "Ningmei, don't worry! This time, we will definitely not risk it. The Yaotian clan used it in the second area. Guess how many of those challenging forces have the highest reputation?"

"How much"

"It's only 91! It's not even over 100! Do you think there will be a big difference between the No. 1 area and the No. 2 area?"

The beautiful woman's eyes lit up: "I can't even do more than 100! From this perspective, the Blue Star's foundation is really bad!"

Yuankong sneered: "Blue Star is just a small world! No matter how strong they are, they will never be too strong. This time, our clan is destined to receive a lot of money."

The beautiful woman rejoiced: "Patriarch, then the subordinates will go down and prepare the clansmen. After 24 hours, as soon as the results come out, we will divide our troops to attack."

Yuan Kong nodded: "That's how it should be!"

Immediately, the beautiful woman took the lead.

Yuan Kong looked at the slender and slender back of the beautiful woman, and couldn't help but narrow his eyes, showing admiration.

It seems that he hasn't had a good relationship with Ning Mei for a while.

At this time, he was in a good mood, as if he had decided on all the challenging forces in this area.

I don't know, will the forces of the Cang Clan, the Qi Clan, and the Ye Clan be jealous of them?

Even, will those guys keep an eye on their Yuan clan and want to share a piece of the pie?

In this way, Yuan Kong kept thinking wildly.

He never thought that this game of gambling might be a nightmare! ...

At the same time, the seventh floor of the Totem Temple.

After Qin Feng figured out the content of the bet, he looked around.

Soon, he found himself entering a huge swamp, thousands of miles in radius.

The sky was grey, full of grey clouds.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, one after another, the mad thunder with the thick mouth of the bowl continuously fell from the air and smashed on the ground. The bombardment caused the ground to tremble, and the scorch marks were everywhere!

There were also some wild thunders that landed on the swamp, and the electric snakes danced wildly and roamed everywhere.

In short, the entire space roared continuously, scorch marks were everywhere, and electric snakes danced wildly, like a scene of purgatory.

This should be the legendary land of Leize!

Looking at the scene in front of him, Qin Feng was amazed.

At this time, his eyes fell on the strange residual trees in Lei Ze again.

Those residual woods are half burnt and half blue, and they have their own aura.

Whenever a mad thunder strikes on the residual wood, the electric snake dances wildly, wanders on the residual wood for a while, and is finally absorbed by the residual wood.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

This scene surprised Qin Feng and couldn't help but peep away.

[Lightning Wood: The sixth-order heaven and earth wonders, the thunder attribute, the necessary material for building the 9th-level wooden house. 】

what!

The necessary materials to upgrade the 9th level wooden house!