Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is a strategic resource!

Although Longyuan Town can't use it now, it will definitely be needed in the future.

And the earlier the strategic resources are discovered, the more beneficial it will be to the development of Longyuan Town.

Seeing that there were a lot of lightning strikes in this game, there were more than ten thousand trees in a radius of thousands of miles.

What's more, this kind of land of thunder is the place where lightning strikes wood.

Ha ha!

Mine!

Another mine found!

It's still a Tier 6 mine!

Absolutely a big catch!

Qin Feng was surprised.

By the way, he came here to kill the seventh-layer Beast Emperor.

Where is the beast emperor?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly looked around, and finally his eyes fell on the sky.

I saw that above that high sky, a giant beast was lying on the ground in the clouds and was taking a nap.

A giant beast that can doze in the air can only be done by a beast above the sky level.

He took a closer look, and saw that the giant beast was a hundred feet long, with blue scales all over its body, and a single red horn on its head.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he went to detect the giant beast...

【Ferocious Beast】: Xiezhi (Emperor Class)

[Level]: Level 57

[Realm]: Heaven-level realm (low-grade combined Dao)

[Combat Strength]: 1900 stars

[Talent]: Law of Destruction (S-level), Law of Thunder (A-level), Law of Fire (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (Kirin)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty, destruction.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

"Hey! Another S-level rule!"

Qin Feng was surprised.

Before, the tiger he met had the S-level talent to kill the law.

However, Huo Hu's talent for killing is born out of things.

This Xiezhi's talent for destruction is his own.

If he kills this Xiezhi, can he directly extract the talent of destruction?

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart suddenly became hot.

In addition, this Xiezhi is of the Qilin bloodline, and the Qilin divine blood in its body can just be refined for Qiyue.

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly released the wings of the wind and flew towards the Xiezhi in the air.

Right now this giant beast is taking a nap, which is a good opportunity to kill it.

In just a moment, Qin Feng flew over a thousand feet, only a few hundred feet away from Xiezhi.

But at this moment, the light door at the entrance of the seventh floor swayed.

Then, a figure walked in, it was the cockroach.

As soon as the cockroach entered, he saw Qin Feng rising into the sky and Xie Zhi who was dozing off.

He suddenly felt bad, and immediately exclaimed loudly.

"Lord Xiezhi! Be careful of sneak attacks!"

This violent roar resounded throughout the Lei Ze space.

Xiezhi, who was sleeping soundly, was shocked by this roar.

The next second, it opened its eyes furiously, and saw a human being rushing towards itself.

At the same moment, it also saw the cockroach and was shouting from below.

It instantly understood what was going on.

It is the human below who wants to sneak attack on himself.

"Sneak raider! You are courting death!"

Xiezhi spit out human words, and the sound shook for nine days.

Above the sky, Qin Feng looked depressed.

He was about to attack, but was destroyed.

At the moment, he couldn't help but turn his head and saw the cockroach.

The eye of truth can't help but detect...

【Human】: Guardian

[realm]: heaven level

[Level]: Level 58

[Talent]: Law of Wood (A-level), Law of Fire (A-level)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat evaluation]: 1500 stars

[Origin]: The patriarch of the guardian force of the clan.

what!

This guy is actually the patriarch of the clan!

Then if you kill him, you can get the title deed card of the headquarter of the clan.

Qin Feng's eyes are shining!

He is very interested in occupying territory.

"Human! Go to hell!"

At this moment, above the sky, the roar of Xiezhi sounded.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the sky shook, and the law rioted!

The power of countless thunder and wind laws and fire laws poured into Xiezhi's body at the same time.

Heaven and earth together!

Law Manipulation!

Xie Zhi's aura suddenly skyrocketed, and in the blink of an eye, it soared to a 2900-star combat power, reaching the peak of the first level of heaven, and the aura was extremely terrifying.

In the next second, it will shoot Qin Feng.

But at this moment, the roar of the cockroach sounded below.

"Lord Xiezhi! I'll help you!"

Boom~!

Cockroaches take flight!

At the same moment, his body and mind were in harmony, his aura soared, and he reached 2500 stars in a blink of an eye, and his combat power was extremely terrifying.

So far, one in the sky and one in the ground.

One beast and one person came to Qin Feng at the same time

Chapter 300 Beheading! Get the Destruction Talent!

At that moment, Xie Zhi's fighting power and momentum, covering the sky and the ground, shrouded Qin Feng.

2900-star combat power!

Shocking!

Qin Feng's combat power is only 3350 stars!

The two sides are not much different!

At this moment, Xiezhi's red horn lit up with a dazzling red light.

In the next second, the unicorn slashed out a fiery red thunderbolt, carrying the potential of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and slashed towards Qin Feng!

Kacha~!

Where the red thunder and lightning passed, the space was split open, leaving a trail of scorch marks, rushing down!

At that moment, Qin Feng felt inexplicably heart palpitations.

He realized that this is definitely not a mad thunder in the general sense!

In fact, he was right!

That red thunderbolt contains the terrifying power of S-level talent - the law of destruction.

Its power is invincible, and nothing is indestructible.

Destroy everything!

At the same moment, when the cockroach saw this scene, surprise appeared in his eyes.

Master Xiezhi is really decisive.

With all these shots, it unleashed its strongest blow—the World Destruction Crazy Thunder!

World Destruction Thunder!

Only by comprehending the Law of Destruction can we master it!

He had witnessed with his own eyes that Lord Xiezhi used this move to repel a second-level powerhouse.

In terms of the strength of the attack, Lord Xiezhi can be compared with the second-level powerhouses.

This sneak attack is absolutely unstoppable!UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Moreover, he also shot!

This time, he and Xiezhi joined forces to fight against the enemy.

The two of them joined forces to strike, and the power was devastating.

Kacha~!

In the blink of an eye, the world-destroying thunder came to Qin Feng's eyes.

At the same time, the cockroach also killed.

I saw that he was holding a black long spear, raised his hand and stabbed Qin Feng with a shot.

Two attacks!

One fell from the sky!

Soaring into the sky together!