Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Attack Qin Feng together!

The momentum is devastating!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot.

Cold light flashes!

Thousands of swords!

Turn into an arc knife light!

Like a crescent moon!

Between the sky and the earth!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two consecutive loud bangs!

High-altitude blast!

Lightning flashes!

The 370th bang!

Qin Feng split the world-destroying wild thunder!

Second bang!

Qin Feng split the cockroach!

And chop it up to vomit blood and fly out!

One against two!

Qin Feng has the upper hand!

At this moment, his clothes fluttered, arrogantly burning in the air, like a **** of war.

Xie Zhi was dumbfounded.

It's the strongest blow!

Under the addition of the Law of Destruction, the power is comparable to the full-strength strike of the second-level peak of the sky.

This human being was smashed with a knife!

What's more terrifying is that the knife also slashed the cockroach.

From this, it can be seen that this human's knife just now has vaguely surpassed the strike of the second-level peak of the sky.

Naturally, it didn't know that Qin Feng's combat power had reached the second rank of heaven. In addition, the Shenluo Heavenly Blade was a seventh rank sword, and it was assisted by the law of power. Its attack power was already stronger than that of Xiezhi.

At this moment, the cockroach stabilized in the air.

In the next second, a azure light lit up on his body, his wood-type talent was activated, his injury recovered instantly, and in a blink of an eye he reached its peak.

As a result, neither side has made merit.

However, Qin Feng had a slight advantage with one enemy and two, and had completely shocked Xiezhi and cockroach.

One beast and one person could not help but look in awe, looked at Qin Feng with a serious expression, and looked at it secretly.

"Hey! Human realm!"

"how can that be!"

Boom~!

One person and one beast are completely dumbfounded!

How can a person-level realm be so strong!

Are they right?

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng took the initiative to kill Xiezhi.

roar~!

Xiezhi roared in alarm and quickly confronted him.

Swish~!

The cockroach also hurriedly killed it.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The two sides fought together.

Suddenly, the two sides killed the sky in the dark, and the thunder was intertwined!

A hundred miles in the sky, shattered inch by inch!

In a blink of an eye, the two sides have fought for nearly a hundred rounds, and neither can do anything about the other.

However, the Xiezhi and the cockroach became more frightened the more they killed them.

They found that Qin Feng seems to have mastered a variety of talents, even the thunder talent.

Therefore, he was sometimes hit by the rushing electric light, and it was as if nothing had happened.

On the contrary, the cockroach and Xiezhi teamed up, and on the surface it seemed that they were not at a disadvantage.

But the cockroach has been injured frequently.

He relied on the wood element talent, which greatly strengthened his ability to continue fighting.

But this is not the way to go.

"Lord Xiezhi, this son is terrifying. If you and I join forces, I'm afraid we won't be able to subdue him. Why don't we go and call the Lord Beast Emperor on the eighth floor to help!"

At this moment, the cockroach whispered in Xiezhi's ear.

Xie Zhi suddenly felt heartbroken.

But at this moment, Qin Feng killed again.

The two sides fight together again!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Another loud bang!

Killing the sun and the moon in the field!

Xiezhi thought to himself that this was not the way to go, and couldn't help but glanced at the sky behind him.

The entrance to the eighth floor is there, so close at hand

As long as it enters the eighth floor and calls for help, it can definitely suppress this human kid.

The Beast Emperor on the eighth floor is even stronger than it.

Thinking of this, it was about to go to the eighth floor.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field.

Qin Feng's body suddenly flashed with light.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~! Swah~!

The four avatars suddenly appeared!

When these four clones appear, they will attack the cockroach at the same time.

Cockroaches are horrified!

He also did not expect that Qin Feng had hidden the four avatars.

Being caught off guard, he could not dodge in time, and directly greeted the joint strike of the four avatars.

But the four avatars have 60% of Qin Feng's combat power, and each of them has reached the threshold of the first level of heaven.

Especially the phantom avatar, with the dragon blade, the combat power is stronger.

The four avatars joined hands to strike, and under the blessing of the law of power, the attack power destroyed the sky and destroyed the earth, which was comparable to the full-strength strike of the second layer of heaven.

"Not good! Lord Xiezhi save me!"

Cockroach's face changed greatly, knowing that he couldn't resist, and hurriedly called for help.

Swish~!

Seeing that this was not good, Xie Zhi hurriedly rushed over to rescue him.

Boom~!

I saw it rampage, and the single horn on the top of the head rushed straight towards the phantom avatar.

It can be seen that as long as the four avatars are broken and the joint attack of the three avatars is only broken, the life of the cockroach cannot be hurt.

In the blink of an eye, it rushed to the front of the Mirage clone.

Swish~!

At this moment, the light and shadow flashed!

Qin Feng killed him and slashed at Xiezhi.

The long knife and the sharp corner collided instantly!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Qin Feng knocked Xiezhi back with one knife!

Let it go wild!

Boom~!

Another blast!

The four avatars joined forces and blasted the long spear in the hands of the cockroach.

Yu Wei bombarded him, causing his seven orifices to bleed on the spot, his body cracked and almost crumbled.

In the next second, blue light flashed on his body, and he was about to recover from the injury.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng slashed back with a knife, slashing the sky with a thousand zhang knife.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

This time, the cockroach could no longer resist, and was cut in half by a knife, and the corpse rolled down from the air.

Terrible roar!

Echoes in the sky above Razer!

The next second, an extremely dazzling white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kill the guardian (the first level of the sky), you will get +2171 attributes, +30.34 million energy points, and +501 points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Killing the guardian of the first layer of heaven, actually got 2171 attributes!

It's a great deal too!

He was overjoyed.

It was at this moment that Xie Zhi saw the scene of the killing of the cockroach, and he was immediately terrified.

The next second, it turned around and fled towards the eighth floor!

In the face of such a terrifying existence!

It can only be dealt with by joining forces with the eighth-layer beast emperor.