Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"not good!"

When he saw that Xiezhi was about to flee, Qin Feng was anxious.

He must not let Xie Zhi join forces with the eighth-layer Beast Emperor.

Immediately, his wings shook, and he chased after Xiezhi.

At that moment, the Law of Wind and Law of Speed ​​talents were activated at the same time.

His speed skyrocketed dozens of times in an instant!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just one second, he left a series of afterimages in the air at an astonishingly fast speed.

At this moment, Xie Zhi fled to the entrance of the eighth floor, which was only a few dozen meters away.

But at this moment, there was a flower in front of it, and Qin Feng arrived.

That speed is as fast as a squid.

Xie Zhi was shocked!

Nine Great Beast Emperors!

In terms of speed, the squid should be the first!

But the speed of this human can be comparable to that of a carp.

How on earth did he do it?

He is almost omnipotent!

What's more terrifying is that he is at the realm of human level!

Is this really human?

Wouldn't this be a descendant of the God Realm?

Boom~!

Qin Feng slashed down with a knife and directly knocked Xiezhi back.

Then, the four avatars also arrived.

At the moment, the two sides stood up again.

Without the help of the cockroach, Xiezhi would not have been Qin Feng's opponent.

What's more, Qin Feng has four avatars to help.

In this fight, Xie Zhi was greatly defeated.

After a while, a shrill roar sounded in the field!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

I saw the head of a huge beast rolling down from the air...

Huge roar!

Reverberates in the air!

[Killing the 57-level Xiezhi (Emperor-level) successfully, you get +14.17 million energy points. 】

[Killing the 57-level Xiezhi (Emperor-level) successfully, you get +20 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 57-level Xiezhi (Emperor-level) successfully, three hidden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing the 57-level Xiezhi (Emperor-level) successfully, the inner hall pass order (the eighth floor) was released. 】

[Killing the 57-level Xiezhi (Emperor-level) successfully, burst out the seventh-level skill God Seal (Destroying the World Thunder). 】

[Killing the level 57 Xiezhi (Emperor level) successfully, the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Xiezhi) was released. 】…………

Whoo~!

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

The battle at this level is obviously more difficult than the previous six levels.

However, the harvest is also more plentiful.

Among the items that Guang Xiezhi exploded, there were three dark treasure chests and a seventh-order skill divine seal.

By the way, there are 20 reputation points.

This brings his reputation to 416 points, and in the next reputation bet, he can get 30,000 attribute rewards.

However, this is not enough for Qin Feng.

He wants to reach 500 reputation points and win 40,000 attribute rewards!

By the way, Xiezhi's S-level talent!

Qin Feng thought of this question again, and hurriedly descended from the sky and walked towards Xiezhi's body.

This Xiezhi is clearly a first-tier Heavenly Rank, but his combat power is comparable to that of Heaven-ranking Second-tier, because he has the S-rank Destruction Talent.

That was what he wanted most.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the corpse and couldn't wait to press it with one hand...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the S-rank talent - Law of Destruction! 】

Extraction succeeded!

It went so well!

Qin Feng's eyes are ecstatic

Chapter 301 The harvest is amazing! The army gathers!

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the S-rank talent - Law of Destruction! 】

Extraction succeeded!

It went so well!

Qin Feng's eyes are ecstatic...

[Reminder: The Law of Destruction is a fusion of the Law of A-level Thunder and the Law of A-level Fire. You also need to awaken the seventh consciousness, Mana, in order to fully grasp it. 】

Seeing this piece of information, Qin Feng was stunned.

The Law of Destruction is a fusion of the Law of A-level Thunder and the Law of A-level Fire.

The law of killing is a fusion of the law of A-level gold and the law of A-level force.

The reincarnation of light and dark is also formed by the fusion of the A-level law of light and the A-level secret law.

It seems that the fusion of two A-level laws often results in S-level-laws.

In addition, they all have a common requirement, that is, they all need to awaken the seventh consciousness, Mana consciousness, in order to fully grasp it.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

It seems that he must complete the foundation building earlier!

As long as he builds 10% of the foundation, he will immediately be able to completely master the three S-level talents, namely: Destruction, Killing Dao, and Reincarnation of Light and Darkness.

In short, the extraction results this time are not bad!

Qin Feng was satisfied.

Although he can't use the Law of Destruction yet, but at least he has it, and he is just one mana consciousness to awaken.

Then, he continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Qilin blood essence (low-grade). 】

[Kirin blood essence (lower grade): A sixth-order item, low-quality kylin blood essence, contains a huge unicorn power and can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the talent of Qilin blood can refine the blood of Qilin. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the unicorn. 】

Qin Feng was delighted.

This blood essence can just be refined for Qiyue, and it will definitely make the little girl's blood flow greatly, and her strength will skyrocket.

Thinking of this, he satisfactorily put away his blood essence and began to clean up the battlefield. He also obtained a Beast Emperor core, three dark treasure chests and a seventh-order skill seal.

So far, there are ten dark treasure chests in his hand.

Putting away the treasure chest and core, his eyes fell on the skill seal.

[Destroying the World: The seventh-order skill, the fusion of thunder and fire, requires the Law of Destruction to refine it. 】

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, the blood clotted his fingers and dripped into the divine seal.

He already has the Law of Destruction, but he has not fully awakened, but it does not prevent him from learning the skills.

Condition prompts possession, not complete awakening.

Om~!

Essence and blood into the seal, lit up with dazzling golden light.

In the next second, the skill Divine Seal was integrated into him.

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have acquired the seventh-order skill - Destroyer Crazy Thunder! 】

It was a success!

Qin Feng was delighted.

This is a seventh-order skill!

This is also the strongest single attack skill he has mastered!

With this skill in his body, his overall strength has been improved a bit.

By the way, there is also a patriarch of the clan.

Thinking of this, after Qin Feng put away Xiezhi's body, he walked towards the cockroach's body again...

It didn't take long for him to come to the corpse and get a storage ring, a sixth-order spear, and a land deed card.

The harvest is still very rich!

Completely not under Xiezhi!

Not to mention the sixth-order spear, just a land deed card can allow Qin Feng to get 2000 points.

Because the headquarter of the clan belongs to the middle-level site.

Of course, all of this has to wait for him to collect the points before the points can be in place.

The future points are very useful, and naturally the more the better.

After collecting these items, Qin Feng extracted the cockroach's body again, extracted twice in a row, and got another 100 attributes.

There is a subtle change here.

That is, he thought that by extracting the guardian, he could get 20 attributes at a time.

Now extracting the cockroach of the heaven-level realm, you can get 50 attributes when you mention it once.

In short, this harvest made him very satisfied.

After cleaning up the spoils, Qin Feng released Jin Yan and turned the cockroach's body into ashes.

Then, he contacted Qiyue.

Qin Feng: "Yue'er!"

Qiyue: "Master, what are your orders?"

Qi Yue was very happy when she heard Qin Feng's voice.

Qin Feng: "How is Xiao Luan'er's progress?"

Qiyue: "Luan'er has finished refining the Suzaku blood essence, and his strength has increased a lot. At this moment, it is refining the Nirvana Spirit Orb, and it is estimated that it will be completed soon."