Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng rejoiced: "That's good! By the way, I have some soul-turning weak water here. After it refines the Nirvana Spirit Bead, let it use the soul-turning weak water to purify the soul body, and it will be very good for it. Great help."

When the soul body becomes stronger, it is not only the strength that is enhanced, but also the comprehension and the perception of the laws of heaven and earth.

If the soul body of the earth-level powerhouse is strong enough, when it breaks through to the heaven-level realm, it is likely to reach the middle-level combination.

The middle-grade Hedao is much stronger than the low-grade Hedao.

Today, Xiao Luan'er is at the prefecture level.

Its next step should be to break through the heaven-level realm, so refining the soul body is very important to it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sent a bottle of soul-turning weak water into the zero-degree space.

Qiyue: "Master, I have received the thing. When Luan'er refines the Nirvana Spirit Orb, I will give it to it."

Qin Feng: "Yue'er, I just got a ball of Qilin blood essence, you can refine it!"

As soon as the words fell, he sent the ball of Qilin blood essence into the zero-dimensional space.

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Master, this is the sixth-order blood essence! Do you want to give it to Yue'er?"

Qin Feng smiled: "If there is one for Xiao Luan'er, there is one for you. You two are my right-hand man."

Qiyue was moved: "Thank you, Master! By the way, Master, I got the super synthetic card you asked for. Guess how many I bought?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "How many? Is there more than one?"

Qiyue smiled and said, "I have received three so far! Those guys are very eager for strategic resources, and I exchanged them for Aoki Core and Pentacle Core. The transaction is very cost-effective."

Qin Feng also smiled.

There are not many other things in Longyuan Town, but there are many strategic resources.

And the super synthetic card is one of the things he wants most.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your servant Qiyue will trade you three super synthetic cards for free! 】

At the moment, the two ended their conversation.

Qin Feng happily took out three super synthetic cards, and combined the ten dark treasure chests in his hand into two purple diamond treasure chests.

At this point, he still has an extra Super Synthetic Card in his hand.

Afterwards, he was satisfied that he put away the purple diamond treasure chest and the super synthetic card, and did not rush to open the treasure chest.

Without luck, even if he opened the purple diamond treasure chest, he would most likely be a sixth-order item, which could no longer satisfy Qin Feng's appetite.

By the way, there is a phantom card temple on the first floor of the Vientiane Temple. I wonder if there are any luck cards for sale in it?

Thinking of this, he felt more and more that he had to go to the Temple of Vientiane when he was done with the Totem Temple.

One is to complete the foundation of the gods, and the other is to buy some items that you need.

However, the most urgent thing for him at present is to complete the task of the Totem Temple.

The beast emperor on the seventh floor has been killed!

Next, he should go to the eighth floor.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

However, the Xiezhi on the seventh floor is so strong, the eighth floor should be stronger.

With his current strength, I'm afraid it won't be easy to kill.

As for the ninth floor, it can only be stronger.

Needless to say about the beast god, I am afraid that few are his opponents in the second level of heaven!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng vaguely felt that his strength was insufficient.

After this battle, he found that he still underestimated the beast god.

00

Even with Xiao Luan'er's help, he wouldn't necessarily be able to defeat the beast god, and it would be even more difficult to kill him.

strength!

It's all about improving strength!

By the way, he killed the cockroach just now and obtained more than 2,000 attribute points, so he should add some points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel.

Seeing this, he smiled.

I saw that his free attribute points had accumulated to 3070 points, but it was more than 2000 points.

It turned out that during this period of time, there were some townspeople in Longyuan Town, whose combat power exceeded 100 stars, which brought him a lot of feedback.

The brothers are really hardworking and very empowering!

At the moment, he happily added his starting point.

After a while, the attribute points were added, and Qin Feng's combat power soared to 3400 stars.

Another big improvement!

However, with only these combat powers, Qin Feng was still worried that he would not be able to kill the beast god.

Perhaps, when his combat power reaches 4,000 stars, he will be sure of it.

He is still 600 stars away from 4000 stars.

By the way, count the time, it's already dark outside!

Then he should also carry out the second step of the plan.

Thinking of this, he thought about it and issued an order to the phantom avatar.

0

After doing this, he will fly to the entrance of the eighth floor...

At the same moment, the outside world was already pitch black.

It's late at night now!

At this moment, the Cangtu Ministry stronghold is brightly lit.

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qi Yun, Long Shan, Wu Yong and other leaders, leading more than 6,000 Longyuan townspeople, guarded the teleportation array.

During this period, another 3,000 townspeople rushed to the Cangtu Department.

As a result, the strength of the Cangtu Ministry has reached as many as 6,000.

At this moment, they are waiting for something.

At this moment, the teleportation array lit up with white light.

"I'm coming!"

Everyone looked at the teleportation array.

In the next second, a handsome figure appeared in the great formation, holding the Shocking Dragon Blade in his hand, it was the Mirage clone.

"Boss! Boss!"

"Boss, you have finally arrived!"

Liu Xuan and others were overjoyed.

They thought it was Qin Feng himself coming back, but they didn't know that what was in front of them was just a clone of Qin Feng.

"How are you preparing?"

The Phantom Mirage asked casually.

"Boss, everyone is ready! Just waiting for you!"

"Haha! With the boss leading us tonight, we will definitely be able to annihilate the Cang clan in one fell swoop!"

It turned out that Qin Feng's plan was to take advantage of the cover of the night, let the phantom avatar lead the army of Longyuan, and destroy the Cang clan in one fell swoop.

Destroying the Cang Clan will not only get a lot of points, but also get a lot of attributes.

This is of great help to Qin Feng's strength improvement.

"it is good!"

At the moment, the phantom avatar didn't say much more, and began to pinch the seal and control the teleportation array in front of him.

At the beginning, Qin Feng cut off the connection between the teleportation formation and the Cangzu headquarters, but the Cangzu headquarters did not cut off the connection with the Cangtu Department.

The initiative all fell into Qin Feng's hands.

I saw that after the operation of the Mirage clone, the teleportation array lit up.

After a while, there was joy in his eyes.

The teleportation array reconnected.

"Teleportation resumed!"

The Mirage clone looked at everyone.

"Great!"

"Boss! Let's go! We can't wait!"

"yes!"

Everyone was overjoyed.

"lets go!"

Immediately, the Mirage clone entered the teleportation array.

Leaders such as Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, and Qi Yun also entered the teleportation array.

In the next second, the big array starts!

Then a burst of white light lit up, and everyone disappeared in the big formation.

Chapter 302 Kill the Quartet! Level up!

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters, at the entrance of the Valley of Seven Kills.

Hundreds of Cang clan disciples held torches in their hands, and the scene was also brightly lit.

Xuan Qiong and the three Tai elders guarded the air at the entrance.

Below them, there are more than ten prefecture-level powerhouses, leading a 7,000-strong army, and guarding the exit.

Ninety percent of the Cang clan's children are concentrated here.

In order to prevent Qin Feng from escaping, the Cang clan came out in full force.

At this moment, Xuan Qiong looked at the gloomy Valley of Seven Kills with anxiety on his face.

It was getting dark before I knew it, how come there is no news of the intruder?

Counting the time, the cockroach has entered the totem temple for a while.

But there was still no message from the Totem Temple.

"Patriarch, I don't know what happened to the invader? It stands to reason that the cockroach patriarch should have arrived at the Totem Temple, right?"

"Yeah! As long as the cockroach patriarch arrives at the Totem Temple, Lord Beast God will know about it. Then the Lord Beast God will take action, and the invaders will have nothing to hide."

The two grand elders murmured.

Xuan Qiong guessed: "Maybe the intruder found that the situation was wrong and did not dare to forcibly break into the temple, and was running around in the Valley of Seven Kills. Now, the Patriarch Cockroach and the beast emperors are searching for him in the valley!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded slightly.

"It's possible!"

"I want to come! Judging from the traces left by the invaders, it is the strength of the peak of the prefecture level. With such strength, he is not qualified to enter the temple. If he breaks into the temple, I am afraid that he is dead, and we have already heard the news. "

"That's right! That guy should have fled in the Valley of Seven Kills!"

"That's the case! We have to guard the exit, and we can't let that person escape!"

Several Supreme Elders agreed.