Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A Taishang elder asked.

At the time of this sentence, the person who came has already come to the crowd.

At this moment, they finally see clearly!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The visitor was a handsome young man.

But after a closer look, everyone was astonished!

This young man is a challenger!

And only the human-level realm!

The incoming person is naturally a mirage clone.

But before they could think about it, the Mirage clone shot.

I saw that he had a seal in his hand!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, within a radius of 10,000 miles, the world changes color!

Countless thunder, wind, fire, earth, water, crazy riots

Then, the earth cracked and the volcano erupted!

Countless magma spurted out, instantly engulfing a large number of Cang clan disciples.

Thousands of mad thunder, madly slashed at the Cang clan disciples.

There are also countless flame meteorites, wind blades, ice arrows, and fireballs, falling from the sky and smashing into the crowd frantically.

Suddenly, in a radius of 10,000 miles, the sky and the ground are full of attacks.

Everything is falling apart!

The doomsday natural disaster has officially arrived!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Under the natural disaster, the children of the Cang clan suffered a devastating blow

Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!

Terrible screams, one after another!

The field instantly turned into a purgatory on earth!

One after another Cang clan disciples fell!

Corpses are everywhere!

Bleeding!

"Stop it! Stop it!"

"Let's kill him together!"

The three Supreme Elders roared again and again.

At the moment, the three of them rushed towards the phantom avatar at the same time.

They have to stop this young man, his group attack skills are just terrible.

If he doesn't stop it, the Cang clan's children will be slaughtered by him alone.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At the same moment, sixteen figures flew from the crowd, all of them were prefecture-level powerhouses.

They also slaughtered towards the Mirage clone at the same time.

They must stop this young man.

In the blink of an eye, the three Great Supreme Elders were the first to kill the Mirage clone.

But in such a short time, the Cang clan's children had already suffered 0.8 casualties and over a thousand, all of them were injured.

Under the natural disaster, the losses are extremely heavy!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The three Supreme Elders, with monstrous resentment, shot at the Mirage clone at the same time, all of which were their strongest blows.

The clone had to stop, raised his hand and stabbed to meet the attack of the three.

Swish~!

That knife cut the sky and the ground!

Sweep the Eight Wastelands!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Three consecutive beeps!

Blood splattered again and again!

With just one knife, the Mirage clone broke the attack of the three, and split the three into two halves...

The three Supreme Elders are nothing but the Eighth Heaven and the Nine Heavens.

The strength of the three of them joined forces, but they can't stand up to the Xuanqiang, how can they stop the sword of the phantom avatar!

This scene stunned all the sixteen Earth-level powerhouses who were about to rush up!

One by one, their eyes widened in horror.

Below, thousands of Cang clan disciples were also dumbfounded.

Mirage's natural clone will not let them go!

Swish~!

After beheading the three grand elders, he slaughtered the sixteen prefecture-level powerhouses.

"Kill!"

At the same moment, not far away, there was an earth-shattering cry of killing!

Liu Xuan led Long Yuan's army to kill them too!

Suddenly, an earth-shattering battle broke out in the field

Chapter 303 Eighth-order Heaven and Earth Spirit Tree

Before, the doomsday natural disaster has been raging!

All the Cang clan disciples were injured!

What's more, they are only one-third of their peak human-level strength.

And all the disciples of Long Yuan are all human-level peak combat power!

In this battle between the two sides, Long Yuan's army was like a flock of tigers into a flock of sheep, gaining the upper hand.

Suddenly, screams came one after another!

One after another Cang clan disciples were cut down to the ground.

And every time he kills a Cang clan child, Qin Feng will benefit.

Because these people have been injured by the phantom avatar, if they kill them, Tiandao will distribute the benefits to Qin Feng in the form of a team...

At the same time, the Mirage clone rushed into the team of the sixteen prefecture-level powerhouses.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Knife light flashes!

In just a few seconds, he killed five people in a row!

Boom~!

The remaining eleven people collapsed and fled desperately in all directions.

At this moment, they have no resistance at all, some are just boundless fear!

This young man is horrible!

Obviously only a human-level realm, but with the strength of a heaven-level powerhouse, he killed the three great elders with one knife.

Even if the sixteen of them join forces together, it would be a death sentence.

They didn't know that this was just a clone of Qin Feng.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In this way, eleven prefecture-level powerhouses scattered and fled in all directions.

In their opinion, no matter how strong the phantom avatar is, the avatar is incapable of chasing and killing in every direction.

How many people can they escape after all.

But they underestimated the speed of the phantom avatar. With the two talent bonuses of the law of wind and the law of speed, the speed of the phantom avatar is comparable to the second level of the sky.

Suddenly, light and shadow flashed in the field!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

A flash of light flashed!

The Mirage clone killed another six people...

As a result, there are only 10 five people left, facing five directions, and each escaped thousands of feet...

The Mirage clone selects one and chases after it.

He wants to solve it one by one, and eradicate the roots of the Cang clan...

Below, the army of Long Yuan is like the autumn wind sweeping the leaves, killing those Cang clan disciples.

The shrill screams have been echoing in the night sky...

At the same time, the eighth floor of the Totem Temple.

Qin Feng looked around.

At this moment, there are thousands of white lights coming from the sky, constantly pouring into his body.

At this moment, his attribute points, energy points, and points are all soaring!

That feeling is so refreshing!

Of course, Qin Feng's attention was not on that, but in the surrounding space.

I saw that the space he was in was like a dark night. Looking around, I didn’t know the end and where it came from.

However, on the ground of this world, there are many faint starlights.

Those starlights were very weak, but they also brought some light to this pitch-black world.

With these sparse lights, people can vaguely see some things.

What's more, Qin Feng has awakened his six sense talents, and his eyesight is extremely powerful.

He stared at this world carefully, and found that in the darkness, there were flowers, trees, mountains, rivers, and rivers, which seemed to exist in the normal world, and everything was here.

Only there is no sunlight here, only endless darkness.

It's a dark world!

By the way, what are those starlights?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he looked at the stars on the ground.

Soon, he discovered that those starlights were emitted from blocks of black spar.