Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, above the treetops.

Yin Wu in the dark night seemed to be alarmed, and slowly opened his eyes and looked down.

Qin Feng sighed helplessly when he saw this scene.

It seems that he wants to sneak attack is not successful.

Thinking about it, this Yinwu has the strength of the second level of heaven, and the six senses must be extremely keen.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Besides, it was just having an epiphany, not sleeping.

As soon as he approached, he would naturally startle Yinwu.

At the same moment, Dark Ye Yinwu saw Qin Feng, and his eyes also showed surprise.

Its territory was actually broken into by a human being.

What surprised it even more was that it didn't feel anything until the human was approaching Baizhang.

Seeing this human being sneaky, it is obvious that he has no good intentions!

"Human! How dare you! How dare you break into this emperor's territory!"

Yinwu spit out human words, but it was the voice of an old woman.

"This Lord Beast God is under the order of the Cang Clan Chief to come here to meet the Lord Beast God."

Qin Feng repeated his old tricks, and while talking, he continued to approach the Yuehuashu.

"Humph! I don't care who you are ordered by this emperor! Hurry up and get out! If you want to see the Beast God Lord, please ask Xuan Qiong to come by yourself!"

Yinwu was extremely arrogant and didn't take Xuan Qiong seriously at all.

The attitude revealed by the tone of voice clearly is to treat Xuan Qiong as a junior.

"Lord Beast Emperor, this is the situation"

"roll!"

Qin Feng still wants to talk nonsense.

His purpose is to get close to Yinwu.

But he didn't want to, Yinwu didn't give any face at all, was short-tempered, and scolded him directly.

Qin Feng was so angry that he was about to attack

"you wanna die!"

But before Qin Feng attacked, Yinwu took the first shot.

It turned out that it thought Qin Feng hesitated for a second!

Just this second of hesitation is the biggest disobedience to it!

It has always been used to it, and it has a kind of contempt for human beings, so it is extremely unfriendly to Xuanqiong and cockroaches.

Now, Qin Feng claims to be Xuan Qiong's person, and hesitant to its orders, it will get used to it, and it will kill it directly.

Anyway, in its identity, even if he killed a Cang clan disciple, Xuan Qiong would not dare to fart.

Boom~!

It only thought about it, and the power of darkness between heaven and earth rioted, like a tsunami, rushing towards Qin Feng and oppressing it.

In just a moment, Qin Feng felt that the power of infinite darkness invaded his body and was freezing to the bone, and wanted to corrode every cell in him.

Dark erosion!

That is a skill that anyone who masters the power of darkness will use.

However, what the Dark Night Silver Crow displayed was—Dark Devour, which was a hundred times more powerful than Dark Erosion.

Its darkness can not only erode the body, but also devour the soul.

This disobedient human boy!

It has to be taught a hard lesson.

Even if this move will devour this human soul, that is what this human being deserves!

There is cruelty in Yinwu's eyes

Boom~Long~Long!

Wave after wave of dark power.

It frantically washed Qin Feng's body and rushed into his sea of ​​consciousness, as if to devour everything.

But Qin Feng didn't have any pain on his face.

His eyes were clear, and there was even a hint of ridicule.

Even if the darkness swallowed it, it couldn't hurt him in the slightest.

"what!"

Yinwu quickly found out that something was wrong.

Its darkness swallowing is ineffective against this human being!

Could it be that this human has mastered the A-level dark law?

Because only by mastering the A-level dark law, can it withstand its dark swallowing.

There are very few human beings who may master the laws of darkness!

Thinking of this, it looked at Qin Feng.

Boom~!

Looking at it, it's full of shock!

Human realm?

This human being has only a superlative realm!

how can that be!

It also thought that this young man was an earth-level powerhouse, so he could bear it.

Swish~!

But before it thought about it, Qin Feng suddenly launched and took the initiative to kill it.

Boom~Long~Long!

The momentum was astonishing!

Stir up the world!

Boo~!

The Silver Crow screamed in anger!

How dare a human at this human level take the initiative to attack it! ,

It's just looking for death!

This is also the biggest insult to it!

Swish~!

At the moment, it will take the initiative to cull the past.

In the blink of an eye, one person and one black person approached.

Boom~!

Yinwu slapped Qin Feng's chest with one claw.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the power of the law of heaven and earth poured into his body frantically.

Yinwu's momentum continued to soar, reaching a 3300-star combat power in the blink of an eye.

It hates Qin Feng's rudeness.

This shot, it did its best, and wanted to slap Qin Feng with one claw!

sigh~!

When the claw was slapped, a long crack was opened in the space, and the power was extremely terrifying.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Qin Feng also shot!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade greeted that claw!

At that moment, the sharp blade Qi rose into the sky, invincible!

In the blink of an eye, the claws collided!

Bang~!

Scales fly!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng cut off Yinwu's claws with one knife!

Boo~!

With a miserable roar, Yinwu rolled backwards and flew out, blood spilled all the way, and finally slammed into the Moon Flower Tree.

The tree trunk trembled and the earth shook!

At this moment, Yin Wu's heart was extremely shocked!

It was hit hard by this human being!

OMG!

Is this human really just a human-level realm? !

Swish~!

While you are sick! kill you!

At this moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he chased after Yinwu again.

Seeing this, Yinwu's eyes showed panic, and he was no longer arrogant.

tie~!

As soon as its mind moved, it launched the sixth-order skill - Eternal Bound!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the world roared!

Countless dark tentacles stretch out from this dark world!

Some stick out from the ground, some stick out from the air.

The heaven and the earth are connected together, forming a web of darkness.

In an instant, Qin Feng was bound in place by thousands of dark tentacles, making him unable to move.

Seeing this scene, Yinwu's eyes showed surprise.

It finally trapped this human.

Next, it was its turn to fight back.

But only after this thought came up, a dazzling white light lit up on Qin Feng's body.

Holy Light activates!

The power of light activates!