Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Dispel all darkness!

Under the strong power of light, those dark tentacles collapsed one after another!

Qin Feng suddenly regained his freedom.

Yinwu was dumbfounded!

Bright talent!

That's bright talent!

how can that be?

In one person, light and darkness cannot coexist.

This person obviously has the talent of darkness, how can he still have the talent of light?

This is completely beyond its common sense!

It naturally doesn't know that Qin Feng is a mysterious judge, who is in charge of darkness and light, and judges life and death and reincarnation...

Swish~!

As soon as he got rid of the bondage, Qin Feng slaughtered Yinwu again...

"Hey! I can only use that trick!"

Yinwu sighed in his heart and leaned back.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The next second, its huge body slowly merged into the Moonflower Tree...

This scene made Qin Feng feel a little stunned.

After a while, Dark Night Silver Crow was completely integrated into the Moon Flower Tree.

Then, a strange scene happened.

That Moon Flower Tree seems to have come alive, causing the world to be turbulent...

Boom~Long~Long!

I saw the power of the dark law between heaven and earth, and suddenly madly poured into the Moon Flower Tree.

It exudes a monstrous aura and terrifying mental power fluctuations.

As if at that moment, it changed from a spiritual tree to a demon tree!

In just a moment, the monstrous weather emanating from the Moon Flower Tree suddenly reached 4,000 stars.

4000 stars!

This is the ultimate combat power of the second level of heaven.

It's terrifying!

It turned out that Yin Ye Yinwu was the companion beast of the Moon Flower Tree.

It was bred from the moonflower tree.

When the two are one, it is the true form of the Moon Tree!

The real master of this world is the Moon Flower Tree, not the Dark Night Silver Crow!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng had already killed Yuehuashu.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, slender black roots broke out, like black spears, stabbing towards Qin Feng.

The combat power of each spear suddenly reached 4,000 stars. It seemed to be able to open the sky and smash the stars. The power was extremely terrifying.

What is even more terrifying is that it also contains the power of the S-level extreme yin law!

In just a moment, Qin Feng was besieged by seven or eight black spears.

Chapter 305 One thing descends one thing! Breaking the S-Class Law!

The combat power of each spear suddenly reached 4,000 stars. It seemed to be able to open the sky and smash the stars. The power was extremely terrifying.

What is even more terrifying is that it also contains the power of the S-level extreme yin law!

In just a split second, Qin Feng was besieged by seven or eight black spears...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed repeatedly, and at the same time he attacked with a knife!

When~! When~! When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Every long spear collided with the heavenly saber, and the sound waves swayed, resounding through the heavens and the earth!

And every violent impact made Qin Feng's arms go numb, and his figure kept retreating backwards!

With Qin Feng's combat power and the assistance of Shen Luo Tianren, he can also reach the level of 4,000 stars.

Naihe Yuehuashu's attacks were too intensive!

Such a crazy superposition, Qin Feng naturally couldn't resist, and could only be shaken back again and again.

But he said that just after the first wave of attacks, there were hundreds of slender tree roots that burst out of the ground, bringing up the sky with dust.

Then, the hundreds of slender tree roots, like hundreds of spears, attacked Qin Feng like a storm...

When~! When~! When~!

Another sudden mad attack!

Qin Feng was shocked and retreated again and again!

In a blink of an eye, he withdrew thousands of feet away!

That is also the limit of the attack range of Moon Flower Tree.

At this moment, the weakness of the demon tree was also exposed.

That is, it cannot move, and it will only be attacked by it if it is within a thousand feet of it!

But even so, Qin Feng was helpless.

In the mad attack just now, he was at a disadvantage.

Because he was repelled by the demon tree all the way!

He can't even get close to the body of the demon tree, so what about defeating the demon tree? !

In front, there are thousands of slender tree roots floating in front of Yuehua Tree, like thousands of black spears, which is extremely strange.

At the same time, a powerful mental fluctuation came out from the tree, and a strange sound echoed in the sky.

"Human! You can't even get close to this emperor, and you want to hurt this emperor. It's just a dream! Jie~! Jie~!"

The demon tree gave a smug smile.

That laughter was the voice of Yinwu in the dark night.

590 In fact, it still hasn't said a word.

That is, there is a special connection between it and the ninth-layer beast emperor.

As long as it and the Moon Flower Tree are fully integrated, the ninth-level Beast Emperor will receive a warning message, and it can be known that the eighth-level situation is serious.

Under normal circumstances, it will not merge with the Moonflower Tree.

In short, as long as the ninth-layer beast emperor gets the news, he will come down to help.

The strength of the ninth-layer beast emperor is stronger than it.

With the help of the ninth-level beast emperor, it will definitely be able to kill the human beings in front of him.

It's just that the ninth-layer beast emperor is retreating and breaking through, and at the last critical moment of the breakthrough, I am afraid that he will not be able to come down for a while.

However, that's okay.

In its current form, this human can't get close to it, let alone hurt it.

It can fully persist until the ninth floor beast emperor exits!

Thinking of this, the demon tree's laughter became even more frantic.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng scolded and stroked the long knife with one hand.

Boom~Long~Long!

The palm stroked, and the golden flames that reached the sky rose from the long knife!

The burning golden flame is attached to the Shinra Heavenly Blade.

Suddenly, the combat power of the long sword increased greatly.

Swish~!

The next second, Qin Feng waved his long knife and rushed towards the demon tree.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

As soon as he approached, dozens of roots were stabbed, leaving a long space gap in the air, and the power was extremely terrifying.

At this moment, the first root stabbed Qin Feng in front of him.

Swish~!

Qin Feng waved his knife to meet him!

The monstrous flame light knife soared into the sky!

The lethality has surpassed the 4,000-star level!

Qin Feng is very confident in this knife and thinks that it will cut off the root of the tree.

In the blink of an eye, the long knife collided with the spear of the root!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

At the same moment, a monstrous extreme yin power erupted from the black roots.

The flame damage attached to the long knife was completely absorbed by the tree roots in an instant, causing no damage to it, let alone cutting off the tree roots.

Qin Feng was still shocked and stepped back half a step.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

That is to say, the roots that came after that kept stabbing towards him.

When~! When~! When~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

Qin Feng was pushed back thousands of feet again!

Damn it!

In this round, he was completely useless.

Burning the sky and golden flames are ineffective against the demon tree!

What about the ice?

Qin Feng pinched a seal in his hand.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, the temperature dropped sharply, and the world was frozen.

In an instant, the entire demon tree was frozen into a huge ice sculpture.

But before Qin Feng was happy, the extreme yin law on the surface of the demon tree broke out, and the ice layer quickly melted and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

Damn it!