Freezing doesn't work either!

What about super petrochemicals?

Qin Feng pinched another seal.

In the next second, the surface of the demon tree was rapidly petrifying at a speed visible to the naked eye...

But only half of it was petrified, and the Demon Tree's whole body surged with the extreme yin law again, swallowing all the damage of the earth element, and it was still intact.

Qin Feng was stunned!

The demon tree laughed proudly.

"Jie~! Jie~! Stupid humans, those methods of yours can't hurt me at all!"

"What about this?!"

Qin Feng pinched another seal and launched the strongest single attack skill - Destruction Thunder!

Kacha~!

A loud bang!

Above nine days!

The clouds are split!

A fiery red thunder!

Carrying the trend of destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

Cleaved on the demon tree!

Boom~!

A loud cracking sound every day!

Thunder struck!

The demon tree swayed slightly!

The whole body is lit up with a strange black light!

The power of the extreme yin law has also been pushed to the extreme!

Countless electric lights are flowing on it!

After a while, the electric light dissipated.

The demon tree is intact!

"Jie~! Jie~! Stupid humans! You can't hurt me at all!"

In the night sky, the demon tree's incomparably proud laughter echoed.

Qin Feng was extremely annoyed and anxious.

He can't get stuck on this one.

He must kill Yinwu and get the pass to enter the ninth floor.

Faced with such a victory, he was naturally unconvinced, and launched the wind blade attack again...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

For a time, the field was roaring with wind, snow and ice flying, lightning and thunder, and flames flying.

In order to deal with the demon tree, Qin Feng used various means, even light and dark attacks.

The demon tree is also extremely shocked!

Is this human being too exaggerated?

He possesses nine talents of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, light, and darkness.

He alone is equivalent to a collection of nine beast emperors!

Isn't this kind of physique what the beast gods dream of?

In order to complete that great plan, Lord Beast God has been pursuing the nine-element body.

But in the eyes of everyone, that kind of physique is a legend, and it is absolutely impossible to appear.

Unexpectedly, it was seen today!

This human has the physique that the Beast God wants.

Omg!

If this person has mastered the totem technique of Lord Beast God, is he expected to achieve that extremely terrifying achievement?

That's an SSS-level talent!

It is the lifelong goal of the Beast God!

Previously, it felt unlikely.

Until this moment, when he saw the various means Qin Feng used, his heart suddenly became hot.

There are really nine factions in this world that are concentrated in the same person!

The SSS-level talent ideal of Lord Beast God finally has the hope of realizing it.

But he said that after Qin Feng's bombardment, he found that all those methods were ineffective.

It turns out that one of the effects of the extreme yin law is that it can devour all elemental damage.

All elemental damages such as wood, fire, ice, water, wind, thunder, light, darkness, etc., are swallowed up by the extreme yin power of the demon tree, causing no harm to it.

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop attacking, standing thousands of feet away, and began to think.

"Jie~! Jie~! Ridiculous little thief! Don't waste your energy! You can't hurt me at all!"

In front, the smug laughter of the demon tree still echoes!

Qin Feng ignored it.

This attack is not without achievements.

He found a detail, that is, the demon tree can swallow elemental damage, but its defense against gold-type attacks is much worse.

When he burst out the power of the golden law with all his strength, each of them would leave a shallow wound on the root of the tree.

However, the demon tree will recover in a very short period of time and will eventually be intact.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"In this way, although this demon tree has a dark attribute, it is a tree after all, and its origin is still wood! Then, will the purest power of gold cause damage to it?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Thinking of this, he approached the demon tree again.

"Jie~! Jie~! Stupid human being! Aren't you out of your depth? Do you still have the means to deal with me?"

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng flicked his finger.

huh~!

A lightsaber shot out from his fingertips and shot towards the demon tree!

That is the lightsaber formed by the Golden Spirit!

The golden spirit is the purest golden power!

In the blink of an eye, the lightsaber shot within a thousand feet.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

As soon as the demon tree thought about it, hundreds of tree roots intercepted it towards the lightsaber.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

But in the next second, an astonishing scene happened!

All the intercepted tree roots were cut in half by the lightsaber, and finally the lightsaber reached the tree and pierced it through a hole.

puff~!

A soft sound!

Blood shot out of the hole!

And there was the scream of Yinwu in the dark night!

It really works!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

To Jin Kemu!

It really is one thing!

He also did not expect that the Golden Spirit would be so useful in dealing with the demon tree.

After Dark Night Silver Crow and Moon Flower Tree merged, it gained powerful attack power, but also lost its defense against gold-type attacks.

While you are sick! kill you!

At the moment, Qin Feng pinched the seal and remotely controlled the lightsaber!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

That lightsaber blazing into the sky!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

It kept going through hole after hole in the trunk!

The blood kept shooting out of the hole!

A shrill scream came from the trunk!

Boo~!

The final beep!

The demon tree lit up with a dazzling silver light!

In the next second, the dark night silver black, covered in blood, separated from the trunk, and then escaped towards the entrance of the ninth floor...

This separation, the final form of the moon tree is released.

It has changed from a demon tree to a spiritual tree!

Those slender roots hang down weakly!

Swish~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he chased and killed the escaping Yinwu.

His speed is much faster than Yinwu.

What's more, Yinwu was seriously injured at this time.

In the blink of an eye, he caught up with Yinwu and slashed with a long knife.

Swish~!

Thousands of swords soared into the sky!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Yinwu screamed and was split in half, and the corpse rolled in the air and fell...

The next second, a dazzling white light flew from his body and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 58 Dark Night Yinwu (Emperor level), you get +17.17 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 58 Dark Night Silver Crow (Emperor level), you get +20 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 58-level Dark Night Yinwu (Emperor-level) successfully, three dark treasure chests exploded. 】