Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[The 58-level Dark Night Yinwu (Emperor-level) was successfully killed, and the inner hall access order (ninth floor) was released. 】

[Killing the 58-level Dark Night Silver Crow (Emperor Level) successfully, the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Dark Night Silver Crow) was released. 】…………

Finally killed it!

It's not easy this time!

Qin Feng was ecstatic!

Chapter 306 Space Mutation! Moon Spirit clone!

After rejoicing, Qin Feng descended from the sky and came to the corpse of Yinwu in the dark night, and began to clean up the spoils.

After a while, he got three dark treasure chests and a beast emperor core.

After doing this, he began to extract the corpse...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the sixth-order skill-Dark Devour! ~】

not bad!

He continues to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Moon Crow Essence (-Low Grade). 】

[Moon Crow Essence and Blood (Lower Grade): A sixth-order item, the low-quality Moon Crow Essence and Blood contains a huge amount of Moon Crow's power, which can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the talent of Yuewu blood can refine the blood of Yuewu. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the Moon Crow. 】

At this point, the extraction is complete.

After Qin Feng put the Yinwu corpse in the zero-degree space, he walked to the Yuehua tree not far away...

This is his greatest achievement!

Without the possession of Silver Crow, the demon tree turned back to the eighth-order spiritual tree.

With this eighth-order spiritual tree, both he and Qiyue are expected to realize the S-rank extreme yin talent.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace...

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters.

The teleportation formation is constantly lit up, and waves of Long Yuan troops are being mobilized here.

This is the backup force that Liu Xuan transferred from Longyuan headquarters and Tayue Town.

Unconsciously, the Long Yuan army stationed at the Cang clan headquarters reached more than 10,000 people.

Liu Xuan did this because Qin Feng had instructed that he would attack the headquarter of the Qi clan after dawn.

The Qi clan is much stronger than the Cang clan, with a population of more than 20,000.

Longyuan Town must be prepared in advance, gathering more than 10,000 people is the most basic.

After this assembly, Liu Xuan began to lead the army again and swept the branches of the Cang clan.

The reason why he mobilized the army first, and then cleaned up the remnants, was also to let those who did not break through the 100-star combat power participate in the war, so that they could break through the 100-star combat power as soon as possible.

Because those people have broken through the 100-star combat power, the boss can get the combat power back.

Liu Xuan is loyal to Qin Feng, and he even noticed these details...

At the same time, on the ninth floor of the Totem Temple, a secret room.

A man in white with different horns was sitting cross-legged on a futon.

At this moment, his eyes were slightly closed, and his whole body was wrapped in aura.

The monstrous power of light radiated from him in waves, filling the entire room.

He is the beast emperor of the ninth floor!

Surprisingly, this beast emperor has already transformed into a human form, but the strange horn on his forehead has not been completely transformed.

At this moment, a look of joy appeared on his face.

It turned out that he was about to break through.

In fact, if it weren't for the interruptions from the cockroach and Yinwu, he would have broken through long ago.

It turned out that the cockroach sent him a message saying that someone had invaded the Totem Temple, which was estimated to be the strength of the first level of heaven.

Ha ha!

It's just the first level of heaven!

He didn't even bother to make a move.

The following beast emperors can completely stop people.

What's more, he couldn't walk away during the breakthrough.

It didn't take long for him to sense the fusion of Yinye Yinwu and Yuehuashu.

This surprised him a little!

However, he remained unmoved.

If the information of the cockroach is correct, Yinwu's strength can definitely stop that person.

Even if Yinwu delays for a while, he can complete the breakthrough.

At that time, he will be able to go down to the eighth floor and behead the invader.

Thinking of this, the Beast Emperor was engrossed in breaking through...

In five minutes at most, he can break through successfully!

By then, the intruder's time of death will come.

This guy will be so calm, that is, he has great confidence in the strength of Yinye Yinwu.

He didn't believe that a person of the first level of heaven could break through the hands of Yinwu.

Not to mention the first level of heaven, even the second level of heaven is extremely difficult to achieve.

He didn't know yet that Yinwu had already died in Qin Feng's hands...

At the same moment, Qin Feng had walked to the Moon Flower Tree.

I saw that the spirit tree was a little wilted, and thousands of roots were all lying softly on the ground.

The aura emanating from its trunk also dimmed a lot.

"This spiritual tree won't wither just like that, right?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and then probed again...

[Damaged Moon Flower Tree: The eighth-order heaven and earth spirit tree, a kind of spirit tree nurtured by the power of the extreme yin of heaven and earth, with its own S-level talent - the law of extreme yin. 】

[Reminder: If there is enough spiritual liquid to irrigate, the moon tree can repair itself well. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He had obtained a sixth-order item - a glass bottle of purified water.

The spirit bottle can produce a large amount of spirit liquid.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

In fact, he has accumulated a lot of spiritual liquid in his hands, which can completely restore the Moon Flower Tree.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, he has the means to restore this spirit tree.

Otherwise, this spiritual tree will be damaged for a long time, and it is likely to wither and die.

If the spirit tree dies, he and Qiyue's talent for extreme yin law will have no hope.

I don't want to think so much anymore, let's take this spiritual tree first.

With this in mind, Qin Feng pinched the seal and began to move the spiritual tree...

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

Thousands of ancient trees slowly rose from the ground!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A tree root, which was deeply rooted in the ground, was pulled up as much as possible, bringing up a piece of dust...

After a while, a whole spiritual tree, three feet off the ground, was suspended in the air.

In the next second, it turned into white light and was sent into zero-degree space.

"Hey! This is..."

As soon as Yuehuashu entered the zero-degree space, Qin Feng's eyes showed surprise.

At this moment, his perspective is connected with the phantom avatar.

Everything that the Mirage clone saw, he was vividly remembered.

At this moment, in zero-degree space.

The phantom avatar stood in the center of the space, pinched the seal with one hand, and was controlling the Moonflower Tree, slowly taking root into the soil...

Just as the roots of the Moonflower Tree plunged into the ground, the monstrous power of extreme yin immediately penetrated into the entire space from under the roots.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the entire space trembled!

It seems to be receiving the impact of the extreme yin force!

Such a huge movement alarmed Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue who were in retreat, and also alarmed Qin Feng who was on the eighth floor.

Don't watch these changes take some time.

The time flow rate of the zero-degree space is five times that of the outside world.

What Qin Feng sensed was that as soon as he was sent into the Moonflower Tree, the zero-degree space immediately changed.

Just when he was worried about whether the transplant of the moonflower tree had affected the stability of the zero-degree space, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your zero-dimensional space has been successfully integrated into the power of extreme yin, and the space structure has been strengthened. 】

[Reminder: If the zero-degree space is further integrated into the power of the extreme yang, a state of yin and yang can be formed, and the zero-degree space will be promoted from the first-order space to the second-order space. 】

[Reminder: After the first-order space is promoted to the second-order space, the space can be expanded ten times. 】

"It's still possible!"

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

He didn't expect that this unintentional transplant would give him a way to upgrade.

Today, his zero-degree space belongs to the first-order space, about three miles in size.

If it can be promoted to Tier 2, the space can be expanded tenfold, which is about thirty miles in a radius.

0

This size can be compared with Tayue Town Station.

good! good!

If the zero-dimensional space can be expanded to that level, he can carry tens of thousands of troops to fight.

However, the power of the extreme sun should not be easy to obtain, right?

I don't know if the beast emperor on the ninth floor has the power of extreme yang?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes showed anticipation.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

The Mirage clone has taken out a large amount of spiritual fluid and is watering the Moonflower Tree.

At the moment, Qin Feng's mind exited the space and looked at the world in front of him.

After the Moonflower Tree was pulled up, a huge tree hole was left on the ground.

Qin Feng glanced at the tree pit and was about to leave.