Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was at this moment that he saw a fist-sized spirit bead under the tree pit, exuding a faint white brilliance.

what!

There are still treasures?

He hurriedly waved his hand and sucked the Spirit Orb into his hand...

[Moon Lingzhu: Sixth-order, heaven and earth wonders. The moon tree absorbs the essence of heaven and earth for thousands of years, and nurtures the spiritual bead. 】

[Effect 1: This Spirit Orb can be bred for another ten thousand years, and a Dark Night Silver Crow can hatch. 】

[Effect 2: This Spirit Orb can also be fused with the clone. If the fusion is successful, the clone can get rid of the limitation of being unable to stay away from the main body. Even if it is hundreds of millions of miles away from the main body, the clone can remain unbroken. 】

0

[Reminder: Only after mastering the A-level dark law talent can its clones be able to fuse this spirit bead. 】

After reading the second effect, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

This Moon Spirit Bead and Phantom Mirage Bead have the same effect!

"I didn't expect it! There is an unexpected joy under the root of this tree! Now that's it, my second clone can also get rid of the distance limit."

Having tasted the sweetness of the phantom avatar, Qin Feng knows how much this avatar that can be far away from the main body can help him.

At the moment, when his mind moved, he summoned a clone.

Afterwards, he broke his finger and dripped blood into the Moon Spirit Bead.

After a while, the white light of the Moon Spirit Pearl released and flew into the body of the clone automatically.

Boom~Long~Long!

A roar of heaven and earth!

Countless laws vibrate!

The Moon Spirit Pearl released a large number of divine runes and talismans, which were integrated into the body.

After a while, the clone and the Moon Spirit Orb were completely integrated, and the body became more solid.

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that the clone in front of him was different from before, and finally got rid of the limitation of distance.

This made him happy, and immediately named the clone 'Yueling clone'.

After doing this, he gave a sixth-order long spear to the Moon Spirit clone to use.

The sixth-order long spear is called the flame wind spear, which he got from the cockroach.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng took Yueling's avatar into the zero-dimensional space.

So far, everything is complete!

He also flew to the entrance of the ninth floor with satisfaction...

At the same moment, the ninth floor.

In that mysterious secret room, earth-shattering light energy erupted, causing the entire ninth floor to tremble.

After a while, the violent energy subsided.

Meanwhile, inside the secret room.

The man in white also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

He finally broke through successfully!

"Finally successful! It's time to go to the eighth floor to see!"

The man smiled and slowly got up...

At this moment, he was thinking, if Dark Ye Yinwu saw his strength, would he be very surprised?

As for the intruders who broke into the eighth floor, they might have been killed by Yinwu.

He is very confident in Yinwu's strength.

Thinking of this, he walked out of the house with a calm face.

Chapter 307 See the eighth order again! Great Sun Pearl!

At the same moment, Qin Feng has entered the ninth floor of the light gate.

After a while, his feet were firm and he entered a new space.

He quickly looked up and looked around, and found himself in a corridor with black jade walls tens of thousands of feet high on both sides.

Various sun portraits are carved on that wall.

In many portraits of the sun, there is a three-legged golden crow, which looks extraordinary.

"It turns out that the ninth floor is a temple space!"Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Qin Feng murmured and went to the end of the corridor.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded in his ear.

"Dad! Dad! I have refined the nirvana spirit beads, and I have also washed and refined the soul body with the soul-turning weak water. I have become so strong now! I can help you!"

The little guy's tone was full of joy.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Finally the wait!

With the help of the little guy, his next battle will be smoother.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng summoned Xiao Luan'er as soon as he beckoned.

Guji~! Guji~!

As soon as the little guy appeared, he flapped his wings happily and landed on Qin Feng's shoulder.

At this moment, its body is in a shrunk state, and its phoenix feathers are as red as jade, and it looks extremely beautiful.

Qin Feng looked at it.

After the little guy refined the Suzaku blood essence, his bloodline talent did not break through to Grade A, but his basic combat power suddenly reached 1500 stars.

If coupled with its foundation building power, the comprehensive combat power can reach 1800 stars, which is not far from the threshold of the first layer of heaven.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Dad! Has my strength improved a lot?"

The little guy raised his head proudly.

"Really good!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

The little guy's progress has indeed exceeded his expectations, which makes him very gratified.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! This time together, we will definitely be able to complete the mission!"

The little guy's tone was full of confidence.

"Let's go! Let's finish the mission early!"

Qin Feng smiled and walked to the end of the corridor.

He had another thing on his mind.

That is, he had better complete this temple task before dawn.

Otherwise, after dawn, the children of the cockroaches waited all night and did not wait for the cockroaches to return.

At that time, they will find some clues.

Qin Feng was a little worried that the children of the Qi clan would jump off the wall in a hurry, contact the other five guardian families, and let them rush to the Seven Killing Valley together.

In that case, the situation is very bad.

In this area, the guardians of the seven clans are in a group, and a meeting of the seven clans will be held in case of major events.

It is not difficult for the Qi clan to find the help of the other five clans.

Among the other five clans, the most powerful Yuan clan, but there are three heavenly powerhouses.

In addition, this prestige challenge was initiated by the Yuan clan.

According to Qin Feng's idea, he had better finish the task of the temple before dawn.

As soon as the task is completed, he will immediately go to destroy the Qi clan, and there will be no future troubles.

Next, he is to attack the prestige challenge with all his strength.

He wants to increase his reputation to 500 points before the end of the reputation challenge, in order to obtain 40,000 attribute points as a reward.

Arranged at this moment, the time is very tight.

Because if you count the time, it will be three or four hours before dawn.

He still has the ninth-level beast emperor and beast **** who have not yet killed, so he must speed up

Thinking about it all the way, Qin Feng finally reached the end of the corridor and stepped into a magnificent hall.

That hall is tens of thousands of feet high, hundreds of thousands of feet wide, extremely huge.

At this moment, above the hall, a huge spiritual orb, the size of a basketball, was emitting a dazzling white light.

It was like a scorching sun hanging in the air, illuminating the entire hall!

Even if they are separated by millions of feet, Qin Feng can feel that the spirit bead exudes a very strong power of light, which seems to be endless and amazing.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Daddy! That bead is so special!"

Xiao Luan'er also called out.

The little guy could see at a glance that the spirit bead was extraordinary.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he launched the eye of insight towards it...

[The Great Sun Spirit Pearl: The eighth-order starry sky spirit, bred from the cosmic stars, has no spiritual idea, and has its own S-level talent - the law of extreme sun, which has been recognized as the master. 】

[Reminder: Those who have the A-level law of light, often meditate under this spiritual orb, and have a certain chance to comprehend the S-level - the law of extreme sun. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

It is another eighth-order spiritual creature, and it was bred from the stars of the universe.

Eighth-order spirits!

So far, he has only got one, and that is the Moon Flower Tree.

Now, another eighth-order treasure has appeared.

If he can get the Great Sun Spirit Orb, both he and Xiao Luan'er are expected to awaken the S-rank extreme sun talent.

Because he and Xiao Luan'er both mastered the A-level law of light.

In addition, putting this big sun spirit bead into the zero-degree space can raise the zero-degree space to level 2.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot, and he feels that there are many benefits!

However, the information on this Lingzhu shows that the owner has been recognized.

If you want to take it away, you must first kill its owner.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

At this moment, footsteps sounded from the other end of the temple.

Qin Feng was startled and quickly followed the sound.

I saw a red-haired and white-clothed man walking out from the other side of the temple.

For a moment, the eyes of the two sides met each other, and they were all stunned.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad, someone's here!"