Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Luan'er used her heart to transmit sound.

Qin Feng came to his senses and hurriedly spy on the man

【Ferocious Beast】: Bi Fang (Emperor Level)

[Level]: Level 59

[Realm]: Heaven-level realm (low-grade combined Dao)

[Combat Strength]: 3000 stars

[Talent]: Law of Extreme Yang (S-level, not fully grasped, in the process of comprehending), Law of Light (A-level), Law of Fire (A-level), B-level bloodline talent (Three-legged Golden Crow)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Guardian of the Jedi, brutal, bloodthirsty, fusion.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: One of the nine beast emperors under the throne of the beast god.

Sure enough!

This man in white came from the ninth-layer beast emperor.

Looking at its combat power reaching 3000 stars, coupled with the power of the road, the comprehensive combat power is 4000 stars.

In this way, Bi Fang's strength is indeed stronger than Yinye Yinwu!

Dark Night Yinwu and Yuehuashu merged, and their combat power only reached 4000 stars, but because of this, they could not move, and their attack range was greatly limited.

That's a big flaw!

But Bi Fang has no such flaws.

In addition, this Bi Fang has one more A-level talent than Dark Night Yinwu.

It can be seen that this Bi Fang's strength is stronger than Yin Ye Yinwu.

Of course, Bi Fang may have a stronger place, but it has not been revealed yet.

Qin Feng did not dare to underestimate.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

At this moment, Bi Fang was shocked and a little caught off guard.

He was going to the eighth floor to kill the invaders.

Unexpectedly, the invaders have already been killed!

No way?

This invader defeated the Dark Night Silver Crow? !

If this is the case, the visitor must be a strong second-level heaven, and it is the peak level in the second-level heaven!

Thinking of this, he looked at Qin Feng and suddenly became solemn.

At the same time, he also probed towards Qin Feng.

Boom~!

After this detection, his tiger body was shocked, and he was dumbfounded again.

This human kid has only entered the talent level realm.

OMG!

Does he have no dazzling eyes?

How can a person-level realm break through the eighth floor? !

That's absolutely impossible!

Isn't this kid an intruder?

With this thought, Bi Fang's eyes towards Qin Feng gradually changed.

I saw him looking down at Qin Feng proudly.

"Boy! Who are you? Who let you in?!"

"Lord Beast Emperor, I am following the order of Lord Yinwu to convey a message to you. The intruder has been driven away by it, and Lord Beast Emperor does not need to worry about going to the eighth floor."

Qin Feng smiled and walked towards Bi Fang.

He was full of nonsense, just wanting to get close to Bi Fang and make a sudden move.

When Bi Fang heard it, he smiled lightly, thinking that it was indeed the case.

He knew that the intruder of the first level of heaven could not pass the silver crow level.

So this human is a clan of cockroaches?

But why didn't he feel the aura of the bloodline from this human being!

Bifontaine was puzzled.

Up to now, he has not taken the intruder seriously, thinking that it is just a heaven-level first-level.

As for Qin Feng, he didn't take it seriously.

There is nothing to worry about at a human level.

It's just that the origin of this human being is a little suspicious!

Just when Bi Fang was thinking about it, Qin Feng approached.

The distance between the two sides is only a hundred meters!

At this moment, Bi Fang's eyes fell on Qin Feng's shoulder.

He saw Xiao Luan'er.

The next second, he stared at Xiao Luan'er, his eyes lit up.

"It's an earth-level bloodline spirit beast! It's still the Suzaku bloodline!"

"Little guy! Dedicate your soul and blood to Lord Beast God! Haha!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Bi Fang laughed and rushed towards Xiao Luan'er.

At this moment, his face was full of excitement, and the depths of his eyes were full of greed.

All beast emperors know that the beast **** is searching for various bloodline spirit beasts, and extracts divine blood and divine soul from those bloodline spirit beasts.

3.8 Because the Lord Beast God wants to study the mysterious totem technique, he needs these spirit beasts who are not very powerful, but have good bloodline talent in the body.

The little Huoluan in front of me is exactly what the Beast God needs!

If he can capture Xiao Huoluan alive and sacrifice it to Lord Beast God, he will definitely get a great reward.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the blink of an eye, Bi Fang crossed a hundred feet and rushed to Qin Feng.

The monstrous weather, shocking and overwhelming, shrouded Xiao Luan'er.

Guji~! Guji~!

Xiao Luan'er was frightened and flew back involuntarily.

Qin Feng quickly stood in front of Xiao Huoluan.

"Go away~!"

Bi Fang is furious!

This talent-level human being dared to interfere with his actions is simply courting death.

Boom~!

At the moment, he punched Qin Feng with a punch.

At that moment, the fist lit up with dazzling golden light and flames.

Carrying the power of destroying the world.

With that punch, the space was shattered inch by inch!

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Qin Feng!

This **** human.

No vision at all.

Then you don't deserve to live!

At this moment, Qin Feng also shot.

He punched him straight away.

Suddenly, the eight deserts are frightened, the world shakes

Chapter 308 Seize the opportunity! Furious slaughter!

Seeing that Qin Feng dared to punch him.

There was endless ridicule in Bi Fang's eyes.

I really don't know how to live or die!

Then die!

Boom~!

Two fists collide!

An earth-shattering explosion!

Suddenly, the sound wave oscillated, and the world cracked!

"Wow~!"

In the next second, Bi Fang vomited blood and flew out.

And Qin Feng stood there, motionless.

He froze for a moment.

This Bi Fang is not weak!

Why was he blown away with one punch?

Bang~!

Another muffled sound!

Bi Fang fell heavily to the ground, only to crack the ground, and he couldn't help spitting out a big mouthful of blood.

The next second, he quickly raised his head and looked at Qin Feng in shock.

Is this really just a human at the human level? !

how can that be!

He was actually bombarded by a human-level realm and vomited blood and flew upside down!

anger!

Incomparable anger!

He is most angry that he is careless!

In the round just now, he despised Qin Feng too much, and did not use the power of harmony at all.

But he didn't want to, without the power of the way, let him be hit hard!

roar~!

A roar!

"Little thief! Come again!"

Boom~!