Playvolume00:00/01:46
Truvid
fullScreen

The next second, he slaughtered Qin Feng again.

For the last round, he was not convinced at all because he did not use all his strength.

In the blink of an eye, he was approaching again.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the laws of heaven and earth surged!

The power of countless laws of light and laws of fire madly poured into his body.

In an instant, his aura skyrocketed to 4,000 stars, reaching the limit of the second level of heaven, and his aura was extremely terrifying!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom~!

Click~! chah~! chah~!

Bi Fang slammed it with all his strength, shattering the space!

That Tongtian punch came close in the blink of an eye.

At this moment, Qin Feng shot.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The sky-high saber qi slashed at that punch!

Knives and fists collided instantly!

Boom~!

Another loud bang!

Bi Fang groaned again.

Was slashed by a knife and vomited blood and flew out!

Over the hall, Bi Fang's incomparably angry roar echoed.

"Little thief! You are cheating! You are using a weapon!"

Qin Feng was muttering in his heart.

This Bi Fang doesn't seem to be very smart.

In this kind of life-and-death battle, does he need to explain to the other party how to take action?

I really don't understand, how did this stupid Bi Fang get into the head of the nine beast emperors?

Boom~ boom~ boom!

At this moment, the vitality rolled and the sky shook!

Bi Fang slaughtered again.

This time, he had a black spear in his hand.

He also took out his weapon!

"Little thief! Come again!"

He carried endless anger and unwillingness!

In his opinion, in the case of a fair fight, he can definitely crush Qin Feng.

Because he sensed that Qin Feng's combat power was more than 3,700 stars.

And his combat power is 4000 stars, which is obviously higher than that.

How could he be defeated?

This time, he also used a weapon, and he can definitely move back to a game!

He has always been conceited and has a good face, and this time was no exception.

But Bi Fang didn't know that Qin Feng had a variety of talents, and his attack was enhanced by powerful laws.

His combat power cannot be measured by common sense!

In the blink of an eye, Bi Fang came to the front again, and the spear stabbed Qin Feng's chest directly...

Boom~Long~Long!

That shot was shocking, and the momentum was astonishing.

But at this moment, Qin Feng pinched the psychic seal.

In the next second, Xiao Luan'er turned into a golden light and poured into his body.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed wildly, from 3770 stars to 4500 stars in a blink of an eye.

This suddenly reached the third level of heaven, so terrifying!

The combat power range of the Heavenly Grade Triple Layer is 4000 to 6000 stars.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At that moment, Qin Feng was covered with a layer of phoenix feather armor, and a pair of phoenix wings were born behind him.

The psychic integration is complete!

At the same moment, Qin Feng slashed away.

Shinra Tenblade meets the spear!

Boom~!

Another loud bang!

Qin Feng slashed Bi Fang again, causing him to vomit blood and roll over.

"Cheating! You cheated! You used a pet!"

Above the hall!

Bi Fang's annoyed voice reverberated!

This guy is really not very smart!

Qin Feng is speechless!

Bang~!

Bi Fang fell heavily again, smashing rubble.

This time, it took him a while to recover his breath and stood up from the ground with a sullen face.

He was hacked by Qin Feng three times in a row and he vomited blood and flew upside down!

It can be said that it has been hit hard!

The worst thing is that he doesn't have the wood element talent yet, so he can't recover from the injury in time.

This caused his combat power to drop from 4,000 stars to around 3,800 stars all at once.

To put it bluntly, he suffered repeated setbacks because he underestimated the enemy and underestimated Qin Feng too much.

Every time he made a shot, he didn't use all his strength.

In this way, he is a mute who eats berberine, unable to express his suffering.

If the opponent is a heavenly powerhouse, he will never make such a mistake.

But if everything is lost, it cannot be recovered.

However, he didn't think he would lose.

He still has a hole card!

"Little thief! You surprised this emperor! However, you will not be this emperor's opponent after all!"

Boo~!

A terrifying chirping!

Bi Fang floated into the air!

Immediately afterwards, his body skyrocketed, and feathers grew from all over his body...

In just a moment, he turned into a giant bird with a body length of more than ten feet, golden feathers all over, and a cluster of red feathers on top of his head. It looked like a crow and a crane, and his body was burning with flames.

This is Bi Fang's body!

As for the long spear in Bi Fang's hand, it was transformed by that black sharp beak.

As soon as the body was transformed, Bi Fang soared into the sky and sucked at the Great Sun Spirit Orb in the air.

huh~!

In the next second, the Great Sun Spirit Orb turned into a streak of golden light, pouring into Bi Fang's body.

Suddenly, Bi Fang's momentum skyrocketed, reaching 4,300 stars in a blink of an eye, increasing his combat power by 500 stars.

At the same time, Bi Fang also obtained the S-level talent - the law of extreme sun!

Qin Feng was shocked!

Sure enough!

The Big Sun Spirit Pearl belonged to Bi Fang.

If he wanted to get the Great Sun Spirit Pearl, he had to kill Bi Fang first.

Because the Lingzhu is the one that recognizes the master, the original owner must be killed before the master can be recognized again.

Having said that, the Great Sun Spirit Orb is indeed an eighth-order item.

As long as it is integrated into the body, not only can he obtain 500-star combat power, but also temporarily possess the talent of S-rank - the law of the extreme sun.

This effect is really great!

If he can get it, great.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes were hot.

At the same time, Bi Fang had already fused the Spirit Orb.

He swept away the decadence before, and the confidence in his eyes returned.

Of course, he was still a little unwilling.

If he is not injured and this fusion is completed, his combat power can also reach 4500 stars, which is comparable to Qin Feng.

"Little thief! Let me show you! What is an S-level talent!"

At this moment, Bi Fang turned into a giant bird and looked down.

As soon as the voice fell, it suddenly launched an attack.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

I saw its wings tremble, and it shot out countless light feathers, which turned into thousands of light arrows, like a violent storm, and shot towards Qin Feng.

The tens of thousands of light arrow attacks, combined, are extremely terrifying.

In fact, each light arrow contains the power of the extreme sun law.

The law of extreme yin is to devour all elemental damage attacks!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The law of extreme sun is to release all elemental damage attacks endlessly to double the elemental damage.

As a result, the power of those light arrows has been doubled.

The joint attack of the tens of thousands of light arrows, even if the combat power of 5,000 stars, may not be able to catch it.

Bi Fang can't believe it, Qin Feng can resist this time.

But at this moment, Qin Feng did not dodge, but rose into the sky to meet the group of arrows.

Bi Fang looked a little stunned, and sneered in his heart.

This little thief is actually going to take the initiative to die!