Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Not stupid, right?

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng was approaching the arrow rain, and he was about to be swallowed by hundreds of millions of light arrows.

But at this moment, his figure swayed slightly and disappeared out of thin air.

The hundreds of millions of arrows to light have been shot in the air!

Bi Fang was stunned!

It just couldn't understand why Qin Feng disappeared.

But at this moment, over the sky behind it, white light flashed, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

This is teleportation!

Bi Fang sensed it immediately, and was shocked.

757 didn't wait for it to react, Qin Feng's body flashed continuously, and the four clones appeared.

The next second, Qin Feng and the four avatars joined forces and blasted towards Bi Fang's back.

Boo~!

Bi Fang exclaimed!

It hastily turned around to resist!

Bang~!

Another bang like a cosmic collapse!

Bi Fang roared miserably, and Qin Feng and the four avatars joined forces to tumble and fall from the air, vomiting blood again and again.

It's been hit hard again!

While you are sick! kill you!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng and the four clones chased after them.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon had no light!

Earth-shattering explosions, continuous!

In the meantime, Bi Fang's miserable roar was heard from time to time!

As the saying goes: if you miss a move, you will lose the whole game.

Bi Fang missed the opportunity again and again and was crushed and beaten by Qin Feng all the time.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for a quarter of an hour.

At this moment, Qin Feng seized the opportunity and slashed Bi Fang's neck with a knife.

Kacha~!

Knife light flashed!

Blood shot!

A huge bird head rolled down!

That horrific scream!

Echoes in the sky above the hall!

Then, a dazzling white light flew from the bird corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Successfully kills Level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor Level), and you gain +17.36 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills Level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor Level), and your pet gets +4.12 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 59 Bi Fang (imperial level), you get +20 reputation points. 】

[Killing level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor level) successfully, three hidden treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor level) was successful, and the order for the passage of the inner hall (10th floor) was released. 】

[Kill level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor Level) successfully, and explode the quest item - Beast Emperor Core (Bi Fang). 】

[Kill level 59 Bi Fang (Emperor level) successfully, and burst out the eighth-order item-Dari Lingzhu (unidentified owner). 】

Chapter 309 The harvest is amazing! The strength rises again!

Finally killed!

Qin Feng fell from the sky and landed next to Bi Fang's body.

This Bi Fang is really not easy to kill!

He merged with Xiao Luan'er, and joined forces with the four avatars. After a lot of battle, he killed him.

However, the gains are also huge.

This time, he got a total of tokens, a beast emperor core, three dark treasure chests, and the big sun spirit bead he wanted most.

After putting away the spoils, he took out a super synthesis card and synthesized the dark treasure chest in his hand into a purple diamond treasure chest.

So far, he has three purple diamond treasure chests and one dark treasure chest in his hands.

After dealing with these trivial matters, he picked up the Great Sun Spirit Pearl with a look of joy.

Another eighth-order treasure!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

[The Great Sun Spirit Pearl: The eighth-order starry sky spirit, bred from the stars of the universe, has no spiritual idea, and has its own S-level talent - the law of extreme sun, and does not recognize the master. 】

[Reminder: Those who have the A-level law of light, often meditate under this spiritual orb, and have a certain chance to comprehend the S-level - the law of extreme sun. 】

It turned out to be unidentified.

Then give it a try!

With this in mind, Qin Feng released the psychic integration.

Guji~! Guji~!

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she saw the corpse on the ground and cried out happily.

"Dad! Dad! We finally killed the ninth-level beast emperor. Then our mission this time is about the last beast god."

Qin Feng smiled and said: "In less than three hours, it will be dawn. We strive to destroy the beast **** before dawn."

"OK!"

Qin Feng said no more, and directly broke the blood and dripped the blood to the big sun spirit bead.

At this moment, the Spirit Orb had shrunk to the size of a fist.

As soon as the blood essence is dropped, it will actively absorb it, and it will be completely absorbed in the blink of an eye.

Om~!

In the next second, it shines brightly, then slowly grows larger, and floats automatically.

In a blink of an eye, it became the size of a basketball, emitting a dazzling white light, and hovering above Qin Feng's head, like a day in the sky, with an extraordinary weather.

The power of extreme yang emanating from it is even more magnificent, covering the audience.

Guji~! Guji~!

Xiao Luan'er cried out with joy.

The power of extreme yang emanating from this Great Sun Spirit Orb contains waves of special connotations.

It is bathed in light, and there is an implicit state of enlightenment.

That feeling makes it very exciting.

That is exactly the effect of the Great Sun Spirit Orb. Under its illumination, you can meditate and realize an epiphany.

Of course, only those who have mastered the A-level law of light can realize the meaning emitted by the Great Sun Spirit Pearl.

At this moment, Qin Feng also sensed the meaning.

That kind of feeling is very comfortable, so he can't wait to meditate immediately.

However, now is not the time to realize.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Recognize the Lord is successful! Congratulations on becoming the sole owner of the Great Sun Spirit Orb, you can summon the Spirit Orb with your thoughts and let it integrate into your body to enhance your strength. 】

[Reminder: The Great Sun Spirit Orb cannot maintain a fusion state for a long time. Every time it merges for a period of time, it needs to be released so that it can absorb the power of heaven and earth and maintain its own operation. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Knew it!

This treasure can be used for fusion battles.

At the moment, his mind moved.

Om~!

For a moment, the Great Sun Lingzhu trembled slightly.

In the next second, the Lingzhu turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

Boom~Long~Long!

Qin Feng's momentum suddenly soared all the way, and dazzling white light burst out from his whole body. At that moment, it became extremely sacred, as if the gods had descended, bringing their own holy light!

In a blink of an eye, his combat power has soared to 4270 stars, reaching the third level of heaven.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Fusion is successful! Your combat power has increased by 500 stars! 】

【Fusion is successful! You have temporarily mastered the S-level talent - the law of the extreme sun! 】

[Reminder: According to your current strength, you can maintain the fusion state for up to an hour for each fusion. If the time limit is exceeded, the fusion will be automatically released. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Ha ha!

The eighth-order spirit beads are unusual!

It can keep him in a fusion state for an hour, and increase the 500-star combat power out of thin air.

This kind of improvement and change is equivalent to his completion of a top-quality foundation.

The best foundation building power is 500 stars.

Of course, he fused the Spirit Orb, and he could also gain the right to control an S-rank talent, which was even more powerful than the best-quality foundation building.

Of course, the fusion of this Spirit Orb is still far less than the foundation of the gods.

The worst low-level god-grade foundation building power has 1,000 stars.

As for the mid-level gods and high-level gods, it is even stronger.

What's more, the fusion state of the spirit beads is only temporary, and he can only maintain it for an hour at most.

If it is to complete the foundation building of the gods, then the power of foundation building obtained is permanent.

However, Qin Feng was extremely satisfied with the Great Sun Spirit Pearl.

This is one of the biggest gains he has gotten along the way.

What is even more rare is that this harvest can bring him benefits immediately, and it should be very helpful for him to kill the beast **** next.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng released the fusion state.

The next second, a round of daylight separated from his body.

The fusion state has a time limit, and he will not use it easily until he encounters the beast god.

The next second, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he sent the Great Sun Spirit Pearl into the zero-degree space...

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly time, zero-degree space, heaven and earth shake.