Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the Great Sun Spirit Orb entered the space, it flew up thousands of feet into the sky, turned into a round of daylight, and radiated the power of endless extreme yang, illuminating the earth.

At the same time, the moon tree below also emits endless moonlight.

Under the penetration of its root system, the earth is filled with the power of extreme yin.

At this moment, heaven and earth blend together, yin and yang meet.

The entire space began to advance, slowly expanding around.

In just a moment, the zero-degree space expanded tenfold, becoming a large space with a radius of dozens of miles.

This huge movement naturally alarmed Qi Yue...

At the same time, Qin Feng also received a reminder from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Your zero-degree space has successfully integrated the power of the polar sun, and the space structure has been strengthened. 】

[Reminder: The zero-degree space enters a state of yin and yang, and the space structure is perfect, and it is automatically promoted to the second-order space, which is ten times larger than the original space. 】

"Another bonus!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and felt comfortable.

Then, he squatted down and began to extract Bi Fang's body...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained the sixth-order skill - Light Feather Arrow Formation. 】

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a three-legged Golden Crow Blood Essence (Lower Grade). 】

[Three-legged Golden Crow Blood Essence (Lower Grade): A sixth-order item, low-quality Golden Crow blood essence, contains a huge three-legged Golden Crow power, which can be refined. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of the three-legged Golden Crow blood can refine the blood of the three-legged Golden Crow. Or use the secret totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the three-legged Golden Crow. 】

At this point, the extraction is complete!

The harvest is still good!

Qin Feng took Bi Fang's body into the zero-degree space.

"Little guy, go back to zero-dimensional space first!"

Qin Feng looked at Xiao Luan'er.

He only had a pass to the tenth floor in his hand, and he could only enter alone.

Only after he entered the tenth floor, let the little guy out.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad, you have to be careful! The beast emperor on the ninth floor is so powerful, and the beast emperor must be even more powerful."

The little guy's tone was full of concern.

"Um!"

Qin Feng responded and put the little guy and the four avatars into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he walked to the tenth floor.

That's the last level!

In fact, he was a little nervous in his heart.

Xiao Luan'er is right, this Bi Fang is so strong, the beast **** will definitely be stronger.

When killing Bi Fang, he almost exhausted his means.

In this comparison, can he kill the beast-killing god?

Even though he had just obtained the Great Sun Spirit Orb, his comprehensive strength had skyrocketed again, but he did not dare to say that he could kill the Beast God.

Even worse, his mission was to kill the beast god, not defeat the beast god.

If the beast gods are defeated and run away, it will be a waste of time!

Unconsciously, Qin Feng walked to the entrance of the tenth floor.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your subordinates have fed back the number of times, and the upper limit has been reached again. You can increase the upper limit of the number of backfeeds by increasing the number of sites. 】

what! Reaching the upper limit so soon?

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he opened the panel and checked it.

Seeing this, a look of joy appeared on his face.

I saw that his free attribute points accumulated to 3750 points again.

Why did it skyrocket so much all of a sudden?

Qin Feng understood after a little thought.

Liu Xuan led the army of Long Yuan to clean up the remnants of the Cang clan, and let the townspeople who had less than 100 combat strength join the war.

After a series of battles tonight, many more people have broken through 100 battle strengths, and all of them have brought back fighting strength to Qin Feng until the number of back feedings has reached the upper limit.

So far, Qin Feng has accumulated 4750 attributes.

"Liu Xuan did a good job this time!"

Qin Feng murmured and began to add some points to himself.

At present, what he needs most is to improve his strength.

After a while, the addition is complete.

His combat power has been raised to 3847 stars, which is another big improvement.

This gave him the confidence to kill the beast god, which was another point.

Immediately, he closed the panel with satisfaction and stepped into the tenth floor light door

Chapter 310 Totem Altar

With a whirlwind, Qin Feng entered the tenth floor.

This is also the last floor of the Totem Temple.

When his feet were firm, he quickly looked around, and found that there was a temple hall in front of him.

Strangely, he actually felt that there was a looming idea that enveloped the entire hall.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

When he discriminates carefully, he can't feel the existence of thoughts.

This strange feeling is depressing.

"This idea? Is the beast **** awake?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and looked forward.

In that direction, there are nine incomparably huge altars.

From a distance, every altar was piled with bones, a horrific scene that set off the gloomy atmosphere of the entire hall.

Guck! Guji~!

"Dad! Daddy! Are you on the tenth floor?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ear.

The little guy can't wait.

For the last level, it is extremely looking forward to it.

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and released Xiao Luan'er.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad, look at the altar over there! So many bones!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he was attracted by the altar in the distance.

"Go! Go and have a look!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Qin Feng walked to those altars.

Xiao Luan'er jumped on his shoulder.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to walk to the first altar.

The altar was very huge, with dozens of animal bones piled up on it.

Just by looking at it, you can tell that these vicious beasts were either king-level vicious beasts or emperor-level vicious beasts.

It's a pity that they were all sacrificed here, and the corpses have all been turned into bones, and there is a faint smell.

Looking at the entire altar, it was soaked with animal blood and turned dark red.

This makes the whole altar look gloomy.

However, the bones of these beasts are all fifth- and sixth-order bones. They are one of the necessary materials for building a teleportation array, and they are also a hard-to-find resource.

Along the way, Qin Feng put away the bodies of those beast emperors just for their bones.

In the future, if Longyuan Town wants to conquer the world, it will definitely need to build a large number of teleportation arrays, which will require a large number of fifth-order and sixth-order bones.

The fifth-order bones can only be provided by the king-level beasts of the prefecture-level realm.

The sixth-order bones can only be provided by emperor-level beasts.

The value of a fifth-order bone material is no less than that of a golden treasure chest.

And the value of a sixth-order bone is even higher.

In fact, many villages have not been able to establish teleportation arrays.

Because they have not yet had the strength to kill the king beasts of the Earth-level realm.

As for the emperor-level beasts, that's not to mention.

So far, no village has established dozens of teleportation formations like Longyuan Town.

All this is because Qin Feng's strength is strong enough,

In short, the dozens of animal bones in front of him are all cherished resources, and he has to decide.

By the way, the blood on this altar...

Qin Feng's eyes fell on the bloodstained altar again.

The whole body is dark red, infiltrated with animal blood.

Looking at the center of the altar, there is a totem pole.

On it is carved a giant snake with two wings on its back and one horn on its head.

That two-winged serpent is a divine beast—Teng Snake!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was thoughtful.

"Dad, what is carved on that pillar is a flying snake."

Xiao Luan'er also muttered.

The little guy is a bloodline spirit beast, which has inherited memories.

For the bloodline spirit beasts, all kinds of divine beasts are rare, it is a kind of historical inheritance.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That is indeed the divine beast Teng-snake! I suspect that the bones of these beasts are the remains of spirit beasts with Teng-snake blood. They were sacrificed here, it should be to extract the Teng-snake spirit in their blood. Blood."

Having said that, Qin Feng looked at the totem pole in front of him.

The soaring snake carved on it is alive, as if it were alive.

It seems that in order to extract the blood of the snake, the beast **** worked hard to build such a large altar and spent a lot of energy.

And the efficiency of extracting blood essence from this altar does not seem to be very high.

However, such a method has already shocked those beast emperors.

In the eyes of those beast emperors, only the beast gods can do this kind of method.

Separating the blood of the beast from the bloodline spirit beast is an extremely difficult task, and many heaven-level powerhouses cannot do it.