Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But this matter is easy for Qin Feng.

His endless extraction can extract the blood of the beast in minutes, which is more than a hundred times more efficient than this altar.

"By the way, looking at the blood on this altar, there should be leftovers of the Serpent's essence and blood? Why don't I try to extract it again!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and felt that this method was feasible.

Immediately, he punched forward.

Because above the altar, there is also a golden protective mask.

If he wants to enter the altar, he must first break the protective mask.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask shattered!

The next second, the monstrous **** aura came from the mask,

Immediately afterwards, a cloud of gray mist rose from below the altar.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

Within the gray fog, the roars of various beasts sounded.

The cold and violent roar echoed endlessly, making the scalp tingle.

Seeing this scene, Xiao Luan'er immediately showed vigilance.

At this moment, the gray fog rolled for a while, and a giant python with a length of 100 meters, a single-horned head, and a translucent body swam out of the fog.

"Dad! This looks like a beast spirit!"

Xiao Luan reminded.

Qin Feng also looked at the giant python.

[Evil Spirit]: Guardian Spirit of the Altar (Soil)

[Level]: Level 50

[Realm]: Earth-level realm (low-grade foundation building)

[Combat Strength]: 1300 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Earth (A Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Absolute guardian, brutal, bloodthirsty.

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: After the sacrifice of the bloodline spirit beast, the soul was transformed into the guardian spirit of the altar.

Qin Feng was stunned.

These sacrificed spirit beasts are really miserable!

Even in death, the soul is transformed into a guardian spirit to protect the altar.

Boom~Long~Long!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the fog rolled in front of him, and one guardian spirit came out one after another, with different images.

Some look like snakes, some look like lizards, some even look like rhinos…

However, they are all at the Earth-level realm, their combat power is around 1300 stars, and the talents they master are also the laws of the earth.

This seems to be related to Teng Snake.

Because the Teng Snake is a divine beast of the earth attribute!

In the blink of an eye, there were more than 30 guardian spirits walking out of the foggy altar.

At this moment, those guardian spirits looked at Qin Feng, their blood-red eyes full of anger.

It was this human who destroyed the altar shield.

They are going to kill this human!

They will attack anyone who destroys the altar.

Because this is their instinct and duty!

roar~! roar~! roar~!

With an earth-shattering roar!

More than 30 guardian spirits came to kill Qin Feng together, and the momentum was extremely amazing!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the entire hall trembled!

These more than thirty earth-level beast spirits joined forces, and their strength was extremely close to the first-level heaven level, which should not be underestimated.

In a blink of an eye, the beast spirits rushed to the front.

Qin Feng waved his hand, and thousands of light arrows shot out...

It was his newly acquired sixth-order light system skill - Light Feather Arrow Formation!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

After the light arrow hit, those beast spirits burst into pieces, turned into starlight, and dissipated in the air...

[The first kill of the 50-level altar guardian spirit (earth) is successful, and you have gained +10 reputation. 】

[Successfully killed the 50-level altar guardian spirit (earth), you get +3.16 million energy points and 10,000 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 50 altar guardian spirit (earth), you get +3.13 million energy points and 10,000 judgment points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 50 altar guardian spirit (earth), you get +3.14 million energy points and 10,000 judgment points. 】

 …

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng killed more than 30 guardian spirits!

Xiao Luan was amazed.

I sigh that Dad is amazing!

Qin Feng is also in a good mood.

It's easy to use light-based skills to kill evil spirits!

Looking at this effect, it is ten times better than using other skills.

As the saying goes: One thing down one thing!

Even better, killing the Guardian Spirit (Earth) first gave him 10 reputation.

Reputation is one of the things he needs most right now.

But it was said that as soon as those guardian spirits were extinguished, the fog on the altar disappeared on its own, revealing the skeletons of ferocious beasts again.

Qin Feng hurriedly stepped on the altar and put those bones into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he pressed his palm to the altar and tried to extract...Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Serpent Essence (Lower Rank). 】

The extraction was successful!

Qin Feng flipped the palm of his hand, and there was indeed more blood in the palm, exuding a sacred halo.

That is indeed the blood of the snake!

Then, he put away the essence and blood and continued to extract.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Serpent Essence (Lower Rank). 】

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Serpent Essence (Lower Rank). 】

【Endless extraction failed! The remaining blood of this altar has been extracted clean. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

An altar actually allowed him to extract the blood of the three groups of Soaring Snakes. This time, he made a lot of money!

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! You are amazing!"

Xiao Luan'er also flew over, admiring her eyes full of admiration.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Little guy, we are going to make a fortune this time! There are still eight altars waiting for us to extract the blood!"

"Yes!"

Xiao Luan'er looked up and looked forward, where there were eight incomparably huge altars.

There is a totem pole on each altar, on which are carved divine beasts: Shenlong, Suzaku, Qilin, Kunpeng, Jinwu and so on.

When Dad extracts all of them, he can get a lot of blood of the beasts.

The blood of the divine beast, for the bloodline talent, it is a supreme treasure!

At this moment, Qin Feng released the four clones.

Next, he wants to let the four avatars help.

Because he wants to speed up and extract the eight altars.

In case the beast **** wakes up, he has no chance to extract it

The three hundred and eleventh chapter is swept away, and the retreat is the advance!

After releasing the clone, Qin Feng walked to one of the altars.

The four clones walked to the other four altars.

Xiao Luan'er was watching from the field.

With its strength, it is no problem to deal with five or six guardian spirits.

But if dozens of guardian spirits come around together, it can only escape.

However, with the strength of Qin Feng and the four avatars, as well as the means of light, they can directly kill those guardian spirits, and there is no need for it to shoot...

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

At this moment, five consecutive explosions sounded!

The masks of the five altars are broken!

In the next second, in the five altars, the mist rolled, and the beast spirit roared...

Immediately afterwards, one guardian-spirit appeared one after another!

Qin Feng and the four big-clones all shot.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

For a time, the light and arrows flashed in the field!

Like a violent storm, the momentum is extraordinary!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Those guardian spirits exploded one after another, and they were all killed in seconds!

No guardian spirit can withstand a light arrow without dying!

[The first kill of the 50-level altar guardian spirit (water) is successful, and you have gained +10 reputation. 】

[The first kill of the 50-level altar guardian spirit (fire) is successful, you have gained +10 reputation. 】

[The first kill of the 50-level altar guardian spirit (wood) is successful, and you have gained +10 reputation. 】

[The first kill of the 50-level altar guardian spirit (gold) is successful, you have gained +10 reputation. 】