Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

…………

At this moment, Qin Feng's reputation, energy, and judgment all skyrocketed!

In a blink of an eye, five altars and more than 180 guardian spirits were all slaughtered...

The four avatars hurriedly stepped on the altar and began to extract endlessly...

At the same moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded light.

[You have been promoted to level 16 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded!

Qin Feng was delighted!

Another advantage of killing these guardian spirits is that they can obtain judgment points.

Judgment value is not so easy to obtain.

It looks like a chance!

This time, his vocation was upgraded, and his combat power increased again, reaching 3850 stars.

After rejoicing, Qin Feng began to extract the altar...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood (low-grade). 】

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood (low-grade). 】

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood (low-grade). 】

【Endless extraction failed! The remaining blood of this altar has been extracted clean. 】

Three more groups of true dragon blood!

This is exactly what Qin Feng can refine.

If he refines these three groups of blood essence, maybe his bloodline talent can be upgraded to A rank in one fell swoop.

When the bloodline talent reaches A level, the strength will undergo earth-shaking changes.

However, the most important thing right now is to sweep those altars first.

If the beast **** suddenly appeared in the middle of the sweep, he would not be able to continue collecting...

Thinking of this, he put away the blood essence of the real dragon and began to collect the bones on the altar.

At the same time, the four avatars have also finished extracting the blood and essence, respectively obtaining the blood of the Suzaku, the blood of the white tiger, the blood of Zhu Yan, and the blood of the Jinwu, each in three groups, and the harvest is full.

Next, the Moon Spirit clone also began to collect bones.

The other three clones began to deal with the last three altars.

At the same time, deep in the main hall, in a side hall, there was also a small altar.

In the center of the altar, a coffin was quietly placed.

The whole body of the coffin was red, exuding spar luster and glow.

If you look closely, you will find that the material of the coffin is actually a soul stone.

It would take tens of thousands of pieces to make such a coffin with soul stones.

At this moment, the altar lit up and kept running.

A stream of spiritual power circulated and was input into the soul stone coffin, causing the whole coffin to glow slightly.

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

Suddenly, the coffin made a soft sound, and the coffin lid slowly moved to one side.

Not long after, most of the coffin lid was removed, and a black-robed man slowly sat inside.

His face was as pale as snow, and his eyes were full of power.

If you look closely, you will find that his eyes are not like human eyes, but more like those of a dragon, with their own power to look at the world.

At this moment, he didn't see any movement, but he gave people an extraordinary and noble bearing.

He is the beast god!

At this time, he looked up in the direction of the hall, and there was a hint of anger in his golden pupils.

He was in a deep sleep, healing his wounds, repairing his wounded soul.

Unexpectedly, someone invaded the Beast Temple and was destroying his totem altar.

what happened?

What are the nine beast emperors doing? !

How do they guard the temple?

And what happened to the Cang clan and the Zhi clan?

Someone broke into the Valley of Seven Kills, didn't they have a warning?

The Beast God slowly got up, and the anger in his eyes became more and more intense.

In the next second, as soon as his heart moved, he sent a telegram to the Nine Great Beast Emperors, Xuan Qiong, and Cockroach, asking about the situation.

But in the next second, his expression changed slightly.

This time, there was no response to the instructions sent out.

Could it be that something happened to the Nine Great Beast Emperors, Xuan Qiong, and Cockroach?

The Beast God felt bad.

If they all have an accident, the person who comes must be a strong person above the third level of heaven.

But as far as he knew, in this area, there were only two Heavenly Rank Three Powerhouses.

One is the head of the Yuan family - Yuan Kong.

The other is the old monster from Xunyungang.

But these two people should not want to break into his territory. They have always been well water and do not commit river water, and they have a tacit understanding...

Don't want so much, he will go to see who the comer is.

Dare to break into his territory, even if it is a third-level powerhouse, he will not let it go.

Thinking of this, the figure of the beast **** flashed and disappeared into the side hall.

0

This time, although he was awakened from his deep sleep, his injuries have also recovered a lot, and his strength is naturally stronger than before...

At the same time, in the main hall.

The last three altars had already been breached by the three clones.

Nearly a hundred guardian spirits of the altar were all slaughtered, which actually raised Qin Feng's vocation by another level.

Afterwards, Qin Feng and the four avatars joined hands to deal with the spoils, and obtained three groups of Yuewu blood essence, three groups of Kunpeng blood essence, three groups of Qilin blood essence, and hundreds of bones.

So far, the nine altars have been cleaned up, and Qin Feng has received a lot of money.

His efficiency was as fast as the autumn wind sweeping leaves, making Xiao Luan'er beside him stunned.

After the battlefield was cleaned up, Qin Feng didn't have time to explain, and directly put Xiao Luan'er and the four clones into the zero-degree space.

Then, with a flash of his figure, he rushed towards the exit on the tenth floor.

Soon, he returned to the ninth floor.

Just when Qin Feng just returned to the ninth floor, light and shadow flashed over the hall, and a stalwart figure appeared in the sky.

The Beast God has appeared!

At this moment, when he saw the bare nine altars, he was extremely shocked!

Who did it?

He actually destroyed all his altars, and also looted all the bones of the spirit beasts, as well as the spirit and blood of the beasts contained in the altar.

"Damn!"

The Beast God was extremely angry.

He looked up and looked down at the entire hall, but he didn't see a single figure.

The enemy is not only extremely efficient, but also very cunning!

That person must have searched for resources and ran to other places in the temple.

Thinking of this, the figure of the beast **** flashed and began to search the entire tenth floor.

Even if he digs three feet in the ground, someone will find it in the future.

If this person dares to steal his resources, don't even think about going out alive!

At the same time, as soon as Qin Feng returned to the ninth floor, he started full speed and rushed to the eighth floor.

A minute later, he returned to the eighth floor.

Two minutes later, he returned to the seventh floor.

Three minutes later, he returned to the sixth floor.

At this moment, he stood in the sky, looking at the boundless soul-turning sea water below, and heaved a sigh of relief.

This deep, pitch-black water is a good place to hide!

With this in mind, he plunged into the depths of the sea.

The next second, he entered the zero-degree space.

Only a space node the size of a soybean is left, suspended in the depths of the seabed, and under the endless seabed, there is no possibility of being discovered at all.

As soon as he entered the space, Qin Feng couldn't wait to take out the blood of the real dragon.

It turned out that he wanted to finish refining the blood essence first, and then go to the beast **** to fight.

From Bi Fang's strength, it can be judged that the beast **** is extremely powerful.

Since he has the means to improve his strength, he naturally has to make full use of it first, and then fight to maximize his victory...

At the same time, the beast **** was still on the tenth floor, searching for Qin Feng's traces everywhere.

He also thought that the enemy was on the tenth floor.

Chapter 312 Refinement of blood essence! Soaring strength!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

in zero space.

Qin Feng just took out the blood of the real dragon, and Xiao Luan'er ran over.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad, why have you returned to zero-dimensional space?"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "When we come back here, we naturally have to refine the blood of the beast before we go out to fight. The beast is very powerful. If we don't have the confidence to kill him, we shouldn't take it lightly."

"Otherwise, if he sees that the situation is wrong and takes the opportunity to escape, we will fall short."

Xiao Luan'er nodded again and again: "Yes! It's still Dad's thoughtful consideration!"

"Little guy, I'll give you the blood of the three groups of Vermillion Birds! Hurry up and refine them!"

Qin Feng took out a jade bottle, which contained three groups of Suzaku blood.

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "Thank you Dad!"

Then, it picked up the jade bottle and walked away.

Looking at the cheerful back of the little guy, Qin Feng also smiled.