Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Only then did he have time to look around.

Today's zero-degree space is a large space with a radius of dozens of miles.

Above the ten thousand feet in the sky, there is a big sun bead hanging like a bright sun.

Looking at the center of the space again, the damage to the Moonflower Tree has recovered.

At this moment, it is full of vitality, and the whole body emits the light of moonlight, intertwined with the power of the sun in the sky, making the entire space peaceful.

Under the tree, there is another exquisite two-story attic, which is Qiyue's wooden house.

There is a Lingquan well beside the wooden house, as well as a piece of Linghua Lingcao, and dozens of Jiuxiang fruit trees.

All in all, the scenery in front of you is picturesque and pleasant!

"Hey! This time flow rate..."

Suddenly, Qin Feng found that the flow rate of time in the space seemed to have undergone subtle changes and improved a lot.

squeak~!

Just then, the door of the wooden house in front was pushed open.

Qiyue came out.

"Owner!"

As soon as she saw Qin Feng, she came over happily.

"Yue'er, your time ability has improved?"

Qin Feng looked at her.

I saw that the basic combat power of the little girl suddenly reached 490 stars, which is not a small improvement!

"Well, master, after I finished refining the Qilin blood essence, my strength has improved a lot, and my time ability has also been strengthened. Now, the flow rate of time in this space is six times that of the outside world!"

"Well done!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and praised again and again.

What he lacks most now is time, and having six times the flow of time is of great help to him.

"Master, I just saw Xiao Luan'er rushing in to retreat. Did you kill the beast god?"

"Not yet! Beast gods are not so easy to kill. Little girl, there are three groups of unicorn blood essence here, hurry up and refine them!"

Qin Feng handed out a jade bottle.

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master, did you get the blood again?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Now is not the time to explain, hurry up and refine it! The beast **** should be looking for us, we hurry up and finish refining, and then go out to fight, it will change later!"

"Oh!"

Qiyue obediently took the jade bottle.

At the moment, the two of them stopped talking, and went straight back to the wooden house to retreat...

After a while, in a certain room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the floor, opened his mouth to suck, and swallowed the blood of the real dragon in front of him.

The dragon's blood entered his throat, and immediately turned into majestic energy, like a tsunami, washing away from his whole body...

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +100, Agility +100, Constitution +100, Energy +100! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +101, Agility +97, Constitution +102, Energy +91! 】

[Refining a trace of dragon blood successfully! Strength +98, Agility +101, Constitution +98, Energy +92! 】

...

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, his body roared constantly, his momentum soared, and the muscles in his whole body swelled up and turned slightly red...

This kind of change lasted for more than 20 minutes before the vision gradually disappeared...

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! The concentration of dragon blood in your body is greatly increased! 】

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! You added 203 star dragon blood power! 】

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

The first group of dragon blood has been refined!

The combat power has increased by 203 stars, and he is very satisfied.

Afterwards, he took out the second ball of true dragon blood essence, swallowed it directly, and started refining...

At the same moment, the beast **** had already made three laps on the tenth floor, and naturally he found nothing.

He was so amazed!

Why are people missing?

Could it be that he escaped back to the ninth floor?

Thinking of this, he rushed to the ninth floor.

After entering the ninth floor, he searched again, but still found nothing.

However, he found a pool of blood in the ninth-floor hall.

This made his face extremely ugly.

He judged from the bloodstain that it was Bi Fang's bloodstain.

The enemy should have killed Bi Fang!

Thinking of this, the Beast God was extremely angry.

If someone dared to kill his subordinate, he would never let it go.

Even if the opponent is a third-level powerhouse, he will never leave alive!

Thinking of this, he went down to the eighth floor.

As soon as he entered, he found that the Moonflower Tree was gone, leaving only a large pit, and not far away there was a pool of bloodstains of Yinwu in the dark night.

This made the Beast God's anger even higher.

He was not reconciled, so he searched on the eighth floor.

After the search was fruitless, he went down to the seventh floor...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, fifteen minutes passed by the outside world.

The Beast God has already searched for the seventh floor.

Fifteen minutes have passed in the outside world, and an hour and a half has passed in the zero-degree space...

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng's whole body lit up with golden light, behind which appeared the illusory shadow of a real dragon, and the mighty dragon covered the sky...

[Dragon blood fusion is complete! You have added 206 star dragon blood power! 】

[Reminder: The concentration of dragon blood in your body has reached the limit of B-level talent, and you only need to refine a batch of low-grade real dragon blood to break through to A-level bloodline talent. 】

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Three groups of blood!

All refined!

It is only a line away from the A-level bloodline talent.

Having said that, the improvement of this bloodline talent is more difficult than expected.

However, Qin Feng is very difficult to be satisfied.

After refining the blood essence of the three regiments, he increased his combat power by more than 600 stars.

Thinking of this, he opened the panel and checked the latest data.

[Level]: Level 26 (human level)

[Holy Duty]: Level 17 (Judge)

[Reputation]: 526 points (novice supreme)

[Combat Strength]: 4457 stars

good! good!

The combat power has skyrocketed to 4457 stars!

His strength has stepped into the third level of heaven in one fell swoop!

This kind of strength should be able to kill the beast god!

At this moment, Qin Feng's confidence greatly increased!

Then, his eyes fell on the reputation column again.

526 reputation points!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is somewhat beyond his expectations!

If you exceed 500 reputation points, you will be able to get 40,000 attribute rewards in the 'Reputation Challenge'.

He thought that even if he killed the beast god, he might not be able to get 500 reputation points.

Unexpectedly, this has exceeded 500 points before killing the beast god, which is really a surprise!

It is also true that there are nine totem altars with nine attributes: gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, light, and darkness.

The guardian spirits born on each altar have different attributes and different types.

If he kills one of them first, he will gain 10 reputation.

This made him unknowingly get 90 reputation.

Good luck!

I'm afraid that the Yuan clan leader never thought that among the leaders of this group of challenging forces, there would be a reputation exceeding 500 points.

Perhaps, the Yuan clan leader has always thought that it is impossible for anyone to break through to 200 points.

"By the way, my reputation is 526 points. If I kill the beast god, will it reach more than 550 points? If so, is there any hope of hitting 600 points?"

According to the prestige challenge rules, for every 100 prestige points below 500 points, 10,000 points of attribute rewards can be added.

However, 500 points is a hurdle.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

After more than 500 points, for every 100 points of reputation, 20,000 points of attribute rewards can be added.

In other words, if Qin Feng can increase his reputation to 600 points, he can get 60,000 attribute rewards, which is 20,000 points more than the previous estimate.

In the same way, the punishment for the Yuan clan will be more severe.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

This possibility is not impossible!

The end time of the prestige challenge is tomorrow evening, and there are still more than ten hours left.

After all this time, he still had time to gain some prestige.

Forget it, don't want that much.

Now killing the beast **** and completing the task of the Totem Temple is the most important thing.

2.0 thought of this, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he swept away.

In the wooden house, Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue are both in retreat.

The speed of these two little guys refining blood essence is far inferior to him.

Today, Xiao Luan'er is still refining the second mass of blood essence.