Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue was even slower, still refining the first regiment.

Qin Feng has no time to wait for them.

He has to go out and meet the beast **** for a while.

Thinking of this, he disappeared into the wooden house out of thin air and left the zero-degree space.

A few minutes later, the Totem Temple, the sixth floor.

The calm sea of ​​Soul Transformation exploded, and a figure rose into the sky.

Qin Feng is out to sea!

When he appeared, he looked up at the seventh floor entrance.

It's time to go back and see!

I wonder if the beast **** is still searching for him on the tenth floor?

Thinking of this, he flew to the seventh floor entrance.

At this moment, the seventh floor entrance lit up.

In the next second, a stalwart figure came out of the door of light.

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop and look at the person coming.

I saw that the person who came was a black-robed man with an extremely noble bearing.

The Beast God has appeared!

The two looked at each other instantly!

Chapter 313 The former demigod powerhouse!

At the moment when he saw Qin Feng, anger broke out in the eyes of the beast god.

This unfamiliar human being is not a child of the Cang clan and the Qi clan, but is obviously an intruder!

As soon as he thought of the blood stains on the ninth to seventh floors, he knew that Bi Fang, Yinyue, and Xiezhi must have all been poisoned.

Damn intruder!

He actually killed three of his strongest subordinates!

There are also six subordinates, including Kunyao and Huhu, who are afraid of bad luck.

Thinking of this, he was about to slap Qin Feng to death!

But at this moment, he changed his mind and probed Qin Feng again.

The one who can kill Bi Fang and other subordinates must be the Heaven-level triple powerhouse!

He naturally has to spy on the other party's foundation first, so as to know himself and his opponent, so as to deal with it.

But when he saw it, he was stunned.

Human realm? !

It turned out to be only a human-level realm!

Could this little thief be the intruder's subordinate?

At the same time, Qin Feng was also looking at the beast god...

[Human]: Beast God (Imperial)

[Level]: Level 61

[Realm]: Heaven-level realm (middle-grade Hedao)

[Combat Strength]: 4500 stars

[Talent]: The Law of Water (A-level), the Law of Fire (A-level), the Law of Earth (A-level), the Law of Wind (A-level), the S-level Bloodline Talent (True Dragon)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Brutal, bloodthirsty, waiting to rise again.

[Status]: Seriously wounded

[Origin]: The survivors of the last ten thousand world hegemony came from a mysterious force, who used to be a god-level powerhouse. The hegemony failed, he was punished by heaven, and his cultivation fell to the realm of human level.

[Origin]: After thousands of years of dormancy, his injuries have been repaired step by step, and he has now recovered to the realm of heaven.

[Reminder: It belongs to an abnormal existence, and if you kill it, you can get a lot of judgment value. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

He always thought that the Beast God was a very powerful beast, but he didn't expect it to be a 10-type person.

What is even more terrifying is that the Beast God used to be a powerhouse in the god-level realm, no wonder he called himself a Beast God.

This guy deserves the title!

The original realm is divided into: human level, earth level, heaven level, **** level.

Above the heaven level is the **** level realm.

A god-level powerhouse, he possesses the power to burn the sky and boil the sea, reverse yin and yang, and create creations.

However, at the peak of the beast gods, there was only a demigod realm.

That is the weakest realm in the god-level realm.

Even so, it was terrifying!

Fortunately, he failed in the ten thousand world hegemony, and his strength dropped greatly, and he has only recovered to the realm of heaven.

From this, we can know that if the realm reaches the **** level or above, even if the battle for hegemony in the world is defeated, there is still a chance to survive.

I don't know how many existences like beast gods exist in this world?

In short, Qin Feng is not optimistic about the current situation.

Looking at the basic combat power of the Beast God is 4500 stars, plus the mid-level combination, that is 6500 star combat power, which is clearly the threshold of entering the fourth level of heaven.

The sky-level four-layer combat power range is 6,000 stars to 9,000 stars.

It seems that after the beast **** woke up this time, his injuries have recovered a lot, and his strength has greatly increased!

Then the task this time is not easy to complete!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling that the situation was not good.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: The beast **** has awakened. After this awakening, its strength slightly exceeds the scope of the B-level task and has reached the fourth level of heaven. The content and rewards of tasks in this stage will be slightly adjusted. 】

[Adjustment content: The task time limit is extended by three hours. 】

[Adjustment reward: task completers will be rewarded with an additional 10,000 attributes. 】

As soon as the news came out, it immediately caused a sensation in Longyuan Town.

Because this is a public mission, all townspeople receive this message.

In an instant, the Longyuan Town chat channel was completely fried.

"My God! The strength of the beast **** is actually the fourth level of heaven!"

"Is that so? I thought the beast gods were at most the first level of strength, but I didn't expect it to be so terrifying!"

"Yeah! Our boss's strength seems to be at the first level of heaven, right?"

"It seems so! I saw that he took action at the Cangzu headquarters, and the strength he showed was the first level of heaven."

"It's over! It's over! There is no chance of winning against the first level of the heavens and the fourth level of the heavens!"

"Hey! This task is too perverted!"

"Woo! Woo! Now I'm only worried about the safety of the mayor's brother, and I hope he escapes quickly."

"Yeah! Brothers, hurry up and send a message to let the boss escape. You must not confront the beast god."

"That's right! The first level of the heaven is against the fourth level of the heaven level, it's bad luck!"

"Everyone, don't send random messages! The boss has always been steady, and he naturally knows how to deal with it. If we send random messages now, it will only interfere with his actions."

"This...hey! I'm so worried about the boss! It seems that I can only see the boss himself."

At this moment, Longyuan Town was in a panic.

No one cares about the success of the mission anymore, they only care about whether Qin Feng can survive safely.

After all, the first level of heaven is against the fourth level of heaven, and it is not bad to be lucky enough to survive.

Compared with the success or failure of the mission, Qin Feng's life and death are more important to them.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng has long become the only pillar of Longyuan Town, and also the dependence of everyone.

Without Qin Feng, I am afraid that Longyuan Village will fall apart in minutes, and it will be divided.

In short, the people in Longyuan Town never thought that they had just finished clearing the remnants of the Cang clan when they encountered such a thing, and they were all worried and uneasy.

The last time they saw Qin Feng make a move was at the Cangzu headquarters, but it was the phantom avatar, not Qin Feng himself.

Obviously, everyone in Long Yuan underestimated Qin Feng's strength......

At the same time, the Totem Temple, the sixth floor.

At this moment, the sea of ​​souls is above the sky.

Qin Feng also heard Tiandao prompt.

He was surprised and delighted.

The quest has been changed, and an additional 10,000 attribute points are awarded, but it is an extremely generous reward!

However, is it useful to extend the task content by three hours?

It seems to be of no use at all!

Knew it!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Tiandao's extra rewards are not easy to get!

Having said that, this beast **** also has a true dragon bloodline, or an S-rank bloodline.

If I can get the real dragon blood essence from him, then...

"Where are the people behind your scenes?"

At this moment, the voice of the beast **** came from above the sky.

The voice was cold and ruthless, but also contained endless pride.

The Beast God looked down at Qin Feng coldly and arrogantly.

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback: "The person behind my scenes?"

"Noisy!"

Boom~!

The beast suddenly shot!

He is not interested in talking nonsense with a human-level boy!

Since this kid is unhappy, then capture this kid alive and use the soul search method to directly search his memory.

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the beast **** made his move, the world was turned upside down!

I saw a big hand as white as jade, descending from the sky and grabbing it towards Qin Feng...

Where the big hand passed, the vitality of heaven and earth rolled, the laws of the Great Dao were messy, and the unparalleled power of heaven poured down from the sky...

The sea of ​​souls below immediately surged into the sky, as if the apocalypse had come, and the sky was torn apart.

In the blink of an eye, the giant hand reached the top of Qin Feng's head, with the might of the sky, covering the sky and covering the ground, and it was extremely terrifying.

At this moment, the eyes of the beast **** were icy cold, and there was no emotional fluctuation.

In his opinion, this human being at the talent level can never escape his palm.