Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum exploded with all his strength!

Swah~!

Knife light flashed!

Shen Luo Tianren meets the big hand of Tongtian!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Bang~!

A shocking explosion!

The world burst!

The void is broken!

The sky-reaching hand suddenly collapsed and turned into starlight.

The Beast God was extremely shocked, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors.

This human being smashed his condensed sky-reaching hand with one knife!

You know, this kid is only at the human level!

Even with his vision, in the last ten thousand world war, he never encountered such a leapfrog existence.

At this thought, the beast **** was moved.

Such a potential existence, since it has been offended, must not stay.

Immediately, he thought of something, and there was a monstrous anger in his eyes!

"Little thief! It's you!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the earth, fire, water, wind, and the power of the four laws surged wildly towards his body.

Earth, fire, water and wind are the four poles of heaven and earth!

Controlling these four laws at the same time will have some magical effects, and it will be easier to reach the level of middle-grade harmony.

At this moment, the Beast God activated the power of the way.

He already knew that the kid in front of him was the murderer who killed many of his subordinates.

He wants to avenge Bi Fang and other Beast Emperors!

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the Beast God's momentum skyrocketed, and the sky was shaking.

Qin Feng didn't dare to neglect, and when he thought about it, he summoned the Great Sun Spirit Pearl.

In the face of an existence like the Beast God, he did not dare to hide anything.

The Big Sun Lingzhu came out!

Like the sun shining through the sky, illuminating the world!

In the next second, the Great Sun Lingzhu turned into golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum was soaring!

"Big Sun Lingzhu! Damn it!"

When the beast **** saw this scene, his eyes were blood red with anger.

The Big Sun Spirit Pearl is Bi Fang's treasure, and it is a thing that cherishes life and life. Now it has fallen into Qin Feng's hands, and everything is self-evident.

It was at this moment that he completed his union, and his combat power reached 6500 stars.

Boom~!

The next second, he killed Qin Feng.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever he went, he exuded the power of the four-pole law, which actually shattered every inch of the space, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

In the blink of an eye for 307 seconds, he was near.

Boom~!

Beast God strikes!

A punch hit Qin Feng's face.

That punch released golden light, shattering the void, like a punch from a god, making the world tremble.

At this moment, Qin Feng completed the fusion, the combat power was infinitely close to 5000 stars, and at the same time, he obtained the S-level Extreme Yang Law.

In the next breath, he also shot!

Swish~!

Brilliant swordsmanship!

Soar to the sky!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The Law of Power! The Golden Rule! The Law of Light! Extreme Yang Law!

In an instant, the power of multiple laws superimposed.

Qin Feng struck the strongest blow!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the knife light passes, the space is cut open, the laws are broken, and the power is terrifying to the extreme!

In the blink of an eye, the fists and knives collided!

Boom~!

An earth-shattering explosion!

With the explosion as the center, the sound waves swayed and the space shattered every inch!

It's like everything is falling apart!

The next second, Qin Feng groaned and was shaken back thousands of feet away.

Of course, this is just a backlash.

He wasn't hurt in the slightest!

The Beast God was stunned!

His combat power is obviously 1,500 stars higher than Qin Feng's, but he has only such a victory.

If he had the same combat power, he would not have been beaten by this little thief.

"Damn!"

After the beast **** was shocked, boundless anger and jealousy poured out of his heart.

At that moment, he sensed Qin Feng, the power of various laws, and the rare law of strength.

It is the superposition of the power of the various laws, the magnifying effect of the extreme sun law, and the assistance of the seventh-order weapon, which makes the little thief barely resist his own blow.

This thought made him even more jealous.

In order to create an SSS-level bloodline talent, he dreamed of acquiring the nine-element talent, but so far he has only obtained the quadruple talent.

But this kid has all nine elements!

The Beast God deserves to be a former demigod powerhouse!

In just one round of fights, he detected the details of Qin Feng.

"All nine elements! If I can get this kid's corpse, will it be..."

The beast **** seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes gradually lit up.

The move just now was just a test, and he still had a hole card to play.

If he shows his trump card and wins this human, it won't be a big problem.

The three hundred and fourteenth chapter of the ninth-order residual seal! The seal of the beast!

At the same moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath, secretly thinking that this beast **** is really strong!

Based on the current situation, it is not easy for him to defeat the Beast God, let alone kill the Beast God.

Even worse, the time limit for his fusion with the Great Sun Spirit Orb is only one hour.

Boom~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the beast **** slaughtered it again.

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front, stirring the sky and the earth, and the waves were terrifying.

"Little thief! Come again!"

Boom~!

Another punch hit!

That punch is full of golden light, like pouring gold, shining brightly!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the fist wind passes, the void shatters and all things die.

In just one breath, the fist wind approached him.

Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed, avoiding his edge.

At that moment, he activated the law of wind and the law of speed.

The effects of the two laws are superimposed, which is infinitely close to the effect of the S-level law, which makes his speed skyrocket more than ten times.

Boom~!

That punch hit the air instantly!

"So fast!"

The beast **** was astonished!

He has already sensed that Qin Feng has mastered the Law of Extreme Yang, the Law of the Nine Elements and the Law of Power, and if he has eleven talents.

Eleven talents!

Even the gods of the gods can't do it.

This man did it.

This shocked him so much!

But at this moment, he was shocked again.

It turns out that this human being has not only eleven kinds of talents, but twelve kinds!

This human also possesses an extremely rare talent for the Law of Speed.

Four-dimensional index talent: strength, speed, physique, energy, B-level and below are very common.

Those who can reach the A-level are rarer than the nine-series A-level.

The beast **** was shocked when he saw that Qin Feng had the law of power before, and now he was shocked when he saw the law of speed again.

He didn't know that Qin Feng had not only twelve kinds of talents, but seventeen kinds.

He also has A-level physique laws, A-level six consciousness awakening, A-level five elements connected, B-level bloodline talent, and the strongest SSS-level endless extraction.

In short, at that instant, Qin Feng's speed soared tenfold, surpassing the speed of the beast god.

Kacha~!

The beast **** punched the air, shattering the void.