Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar!

As if from above the nine heavens.

Behind the beast god, a phantom of a real dragon that penetrated the sky appeared, exuding endless dragon might, covering the sky and the ground.

At this moment, the real dragon phantom slowly opened and closed his eyes, and his golden pupils exuded endless majesty, with the imposing manner of looking at the world.

Against its background, the beast **** is like a supreme god.

The real dragon appears!

Suppress all souls!

Now you can forcibly fuse other blood essence.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The beast **** opened his mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the blood in front of him...

As soon as the blood essence entered the body, the divine seal automatically revolved, and the imposing manner of the beast **** suddenly soared all the way!

In the blink of an eye, the beast **** merged with the first group of mid-grade blood essence, and the combat power and momentum increased to 7000 stars in one fell swoop, which was extremely terrifying.

With this blood essence, he increased his combat power by 500 stars.

If the seven regiments are all integrated, the strength will be raised to an extremely terrifying level and it will be easy to kill Qin Feng.

The Beast God became more and more proud the more he thought about it, he opened his mouth to **** and swallowed the second ball of blood essence.

These 787 seven groups of blood essence and blood have different attributes, and can only be refined one group at a time, not at the same time.

Because of different attributes, at the same time, there will be a phenomenon of rejection in refining.

However, after the beast **** swallowed the second blood essence, the momentum skyrocketed again.

At this moment, Qin Feng arrived.

He's going to stop this.

The beast **** must not be allowed to fuse all the blood essence.

Swish~!

Qin Feng slaughtered directly to the front

At the same time, the fusion of the beast gods completed the second group, and the combat power soared to 7500 stars.

When he saw Qin Feng rushing in, there was disdain and sneer in his eyes.

This kid is really courting death!

Before Qin Feng fought against him, he used speed to deal with it.

Now, if Qin Feng wants to stop him, he can only face it.

With his current 7500-star combat power, Qin Feng wants to fight him head-on, which is different from courting death.

With this in mind, the beast **** is about to take action, blow Qin Feng away first, and drive away this annoying little thief.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Light and shadow flickered on Qin Feng's body, and the four avatars suddenly appeared and rushed towards the four groups of blood essence...

This sudden change made the Beast God stunned for a moment.

With this second of hesitation, the four avatars have arrived, and one of them grabbed a mass of blood essence.

The beast **** suddenly woke up, and suddenly burst into a rage!

These four guys actually came to grab his blood!

"court death!"

Boom~!

The Beast God punched the nearest Mirage clone!

With the strength of the Mirage clone, in the face of that punch, he can only be killed in seconds.

Swish~!

At this critical moment, Qin Feng arrived and raised his knife to meet the punch.

In the blink of an eye, fists collided!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

Qin Feng snorted and was blasted to the point where he vomited blood and flew out.

This time, Qin Feng couldn't stand the blow of the beast god!

But at the same moment, the four avatars took the opportunity to grab a ball of blood essence, turned around and fled.

The speed and efficiency are astonishingly fast.

"court death!"

The beast **** was so angry that his eyes were red, and he wanted to chase.

But at this moment, Yueling's clone waved casually, and thousands of lightsabers shot towards the fifth group of blood essence.

That is to destroy the blood!

The Beast God's face changed greatly with fright, and he quickly shot to resist the attack of those light arrows.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

As soon as he shot, he blocked all those light arrows.

Then, he opened his mouth and took another breath, swallowing the ball of blood essence.

But at this moment, the four avatars have escaped thousands of feet away.

Beast God roars!

He didn't care about the third group of blood essence, and before it was fully integrated, he chased after the four clones.

These four idiots are simply courting death!

Dare to steal his blood!

Don't even want to live!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also stabilized his figure.

He didn't have time to wipe the blood from the corners of his mouth, and he didn't have time to recover from the injury, so he went towards the four avatars.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng and the four clones converged.

As soon as he thought about it, he put the four avatars into the zero degree space.

The Beast God also arrived at the same time!

Boom~!

He punched Qin Feng directly.

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

The punch smashed away, the space was shattered, and everything it passed was turned into powder.

Qin Feng hurriedly resisted!

Boom~!

Another shocking explosion!

Qin Feng was bombarded again and vomited blood and flew upside down.

This time it's injury after injury!

It was only after he rolled over ten thousand feet that he stabilized his figure.

After this stabilization, Qin Feng not only was not discouraged, but excited.

It worked!

The four avatars succeeded!

They successfully robbed the four groups of blood essence from the beast god, and only allowed the beast **** to refine three groups.

Only this one, let him take a big advantage.

"Damn little thief!"

At this time, the Beast God roared and rushed over.

At this moment, he has completely integrated the blood essence of the third group, and the combat power has reached a terrifying 8,000 stars.

He also noticed that the four people before were all clones of Qin Feng.

This made him extremely angry!

He was actually played by the kid in front of him!

Originally, as long as he fused the seven groups of blood essence, he would be able to kill Qin Feng within a few rounds.

It's not that easy now.

However, with his 8000-star combat power, he still has an absolute advantage.

In a blink of an eye, he was near.

Qin Feng didn't dare to touch head-on, and quickly flashed his figure, trying to avoid the edge for a while.

The beast **** also flashed, and the speed was already higher than Qin Feng.

This time, Qin Feng didn't even have the advantage of speed.

Boom~!

Another shocking punch!

In the next second, Qin Feng was bombarded with blood and flew away.

Swish~!

The figure of the beast **** flashed and chased the past again.

After a while, the two sides fought again.

Above the sea of ​​souls, there are afterimages of the two of them!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The explosion of the sky and the earth cracked, and the explosion continued!

Thousands of miles of soul sea, is already a huge wave, the wind and thunder dance wildly, the sun and the moon change color.

Among them, Qin Feng's muffled sound was heard from time to time.

At this moment, he was completely crushed and beaten by the beast god.

I was bombarded again and again and vomited blood!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's body lit up inappropriately.

The wood-type talent has been pushed to the extreme!

He is constantly repairing his injuries!

If it weren't for the wood element talent, he would have already fallen under such a violent attack.

But even so, he couldn't take it anymore.

The combat power of less than 5,000 stars, against the power of 8,000 stars, is really too far behind.

And every time a wound is repaired, it will consume a lot of vitality.

If he is injured too many times, his vitality will eventually be exhausted, and that is when he falls.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for a quarter of an hour.

Qin Feng still has no power to fight back.