Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It's almost dawn now, and many Level 1 players have finished their rest and come out to hunt the beasts one after another.

There is a novice assessment sword hanging, no one dares to be lazy.

What's more, with the assistance of the novice wooden house, the energy recovery speed of human beings is doubled.

In other words, you need 8 hours of sleep on the Blue Star, and only 4 hours of sleep in the novice cabin.

What's more, those Level 1 players have all received 20 points of attribute enhancement, and their physical fitness has been enhanced, and the time they need to sleep is even shorter.

At this moment, the chat channel was full of enthusiasm.

"Wow! The regional chat channel is about to open!"

"Just now, when Mr. Liu Xuan rose to level 5, the regional chat channel was automatically activated."

"Hey! Mr. Liu Xuan has been upgraded so quickly! Didn't he say last time that he would not be able to upgrade to level 5 until the next afternoon?"

"Yeah! It's just about dawn, Liu Xuan has upgraded, so fast!"

"You are stupid! Our village won a bet once, and the resources have doubled, so Liu Xuan's upgrade speed has naturally accelerated."

At this time, Liu Xuan's avatar jumped, and he also came out to speak.

Liu Xuan: "The upstairs is right! The last bet, not only doubled the resources, but also allowed us to get 20 attributes, and our strength has increased."

Liu Xuan: "Because of this, my upgrade speed has been greatly accelerated. Otherwise, it would never have been possible to upgrade to level 5 so quickly. Speaking of which, I have to thank Qin Feng for all this!"

"Yeah! I have to thank Qin Feng for all this!"

"By the way, what level is Qin Feng boss now?"

"He's level 6!"

"My God! Qin Feng is level 6! It's amazing!"

"Wow~! Qin Feng is worthy of being the first powerhouse in our village. I adore him!"

Liu Xuan: "Yeah! I admire him very much too!"

"Boss Liu Xuan, you are also very powerful. You are the second strongest in our village."

Liu Xuan: "Cry with laughter! Compared with Qin Feng, I am far behind! Don't look at Qin Feng's level 6, he is only one level higher than me. To upgrade from level 5 to level 6 requires 3000 energy points."

When these words came out, everyone was shocked.

"Fuck~! So much? It's terrifying!"

"God! It takes only 300 energy points to upgrade from level 2 to level 3. I think it's very difficult. I can't imagine how to get 3000 energy points."

"Yeah! From level 3 to level 4, it's only 600 points. From level 4 to level 5, 1,200 energy points are only doubled. But from level 5 to level 6, it costs 3,000 points, more than doubled!

"It seems that this upgrade is getting harder and harder!"

Liu Xuan: "The upstairs is right. I just did the math. It takes a total of 2,200 energy points to upgrade from level 1 to level 5, which is not as good as upgrading from level 5 to level 6."

"My God! Do you mean that the energy obtained by Qin Feng is more than twice that of you?"

Liu Xuan: "Yeah! I'm afraid it's almost triple!"

"My God! It turns out that Qin Feng is so powerful!"

The crowd was overwhelmed with emotion.

Qin Feng smiled and said nothing when he saw this.

He is now level 6 (7960/8000), and the total amount of energy obtained should be more than five times that of Liu Xuan, but not three times.

[Announcement: The regional chat channel has been successfully connected. No. 911 Novice Village is the 47th successful parallel connection. Now you can enter the regional chat…]

"Wow~! The regional chat channel has been connected successfully!"

"We are the 47th successful parallel connection, and 46 novice villages have been successful before that!"

"Upstairs, there are a thousand novice villages. We are ranked 47th, which is already very good!"

"Yes! Stop talking, I'll go to the regional channel to see!"

"I'm going to have a look too!"

"Haha! I've been suffocated for a long time, I really want to see other people in Xinshu Village!"

At this moment, everyone was delighted and switched channels one after another.

Qin Feng looked at the bottom right of the channel, and sure enough, there was an additional regional channel option.

He quickly switched in.

When I entered the regional channel, I saw a lively chat inside.

"Haha! Regional chat channel, here we come!"

"Cool! It's finally open!"

"Yo! Another group of people came!"

"It turned out to be No. 911 Novice Village."

"Your No. 911 Novice Village is the 47th person to come in, so it's not bad!"

"Cut! Upstairs, it took so long for 2 of them to reach level 5, which is not bad? There are already 4 of them in our village who have risen to level 5."

"Haha! There are 5 people in our village who have been promoted to level 5, and the strongest one of them was promoted to level 6 half an hour ago."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Haha! Don't look at No. 911 Novice Village, the 47th came in, but in our villages, it is the lowest existence."

At this moment, there was a lot of chat in the regional channel.

After each speaker's name, there is the number of the novice village where they are located.

In this way, you can see at a glance which novice village the other party is from.

At this moment, the people of No. 911 Novice Village are very excited.

The people from the other novice villages looked like they were aloof.

"By the way, which country is your No. 911 Novice Village from?"

"Oh! 911? This number has some special meaning to our lighthouse country. Is it also our lighthouse country?"

"Upstairs, our 911 Novice Village is not from the Lighthouse Country, we are from the Dragon Country!"

"Baga! It's actually from the Dragon Kingdom, we Sakurajima Kingdom don't like them."

"Axi! I hate the people of Longguo! They always steal the cultural heritage of our Nanbangguo, and they say that the Dragon Boat Festival is theirs!"

"Oh! People from the Dragon Kingdom? The 'sick man' from the East in history, I really don't like them. I just want to use my noble feet to kick their skinny ass!"

Hearing these words, the people of No. 911 Novice Village were angry.

These guys are so annoying!

"Can you guys speak human language?"

"Oh! You're an angry little cutie, you may not know that before your novice village No. 911 came in, there was also a novice village of Longguo people who came in. Unfortunately, they were all beaten down by us!"

"Haha! Your novice village No. 911 will be the second batch of people from Longguo who were killed by us!"

"Damn it! Where did the people of the Dragon country offend you? You are going to unite to bully us!"

"Oh! You people from Longguo have been very eye-catching recently on Blue Star. You are the second largest economy, you are exploring the moon, you are exploring Mars, and you are successfully fighting the epidemic, which makes us very uncomfortable."

"Fuck~! Just say it when you are jealous!"

"Oh! People from the Dragon Kingdom upstairs, I appreciate your frankness! We are just jealous, what can you do with us? This is the killing world, and there are not as many scruples on Blue Star."

At this time, the head of another yellow race jumped.

"Brothers from No. 911 Novice Village. I am from No. 34 Novice Village, and we are also from the Dragon Kingdom. Don't talk to these guys, they are all in the same group."

"Oh! The people of Longguo from Village No. 34 also came out to speak. You both lost a lot of bets last time!"

"Yo Xi! Village No. 34 lost half of its resources last time, and this time the novice assessment, they will definitely die a lot. Quack!"

"Oh! Who will teach Village 911 a lesson this time?"

"Just leave it to us in Village No. 446! Our Lord Amir has a gambling order in his hand. He expressed his willingness to represent the Three Kingdoms and teach the people of Longguo in Village No. 911 a lesson."

"Oh! That's great! This sacred mission is handed over to your village No. 446."

"Don't worry! All of us in the three countries grew up drinking the holy water of the Ganges River, and everyone's physical fitness is great! This time, we will easily defeat the people of Longguo in Village No. 911. They are all sick men in the East! Haha!"

"Baga! I've drank the Ganges water from Ah Sanguo, and it's been thinned for a week."

"Upstairs, we dare to drink our Ganges water. Do you dare to drink the nuclear waste water of your Sakurajima country?"

"..."

"Oh! Dear friends, we have to unite, we have to deal with the people of Longguo together, and don't fight infighting!"

"People from village 911, our Lord Amir has spoken. Just now, he has risen to level 7. He is now heading to the level 8 vicious beast area. When he arrives at the level 8 vicious beast area, he will start talking to village 911. Start the game!"

"Oh! God! Amir is really a super strong, he has risen to level 7!"

"Axi! This Amir is too powerful!"

"Oh! Friends of Ah Sanguo, why did Amir go to the Level 8 Fierce Beast Area? It's extremely dangerous."

"Haha! Our Lord Amir is a powerful ascetic monk. He has already opened the tenth door of yoga sound flow. So he has just risen to level 7, and he has the strength to kill level 8 beasts."

"Oh! God! Amir is so strong!"

"I understand! The betting method chosen by the strong Amir is the level betting. So he wants to rush to the level 8 fierce beast area first, and then start the betting, which can save a lot of time on the road."

"Haha! Friend, you guessed it right!"

"Damn it! You are so calculated on the people of Longguo in Village No. 911!"

"Oh! People from the Dragon Country in Village No. 34, are you griefing? Soon, the people in Village No. 911 will be as miserable as you are!"

"Tell everyone another good news! In ten minutes, Lord Amir will be able to arrive at the level 8 beast area."

"Yo Xi! The people of the Dragon Kingdom are dead!"

"Oh! That's great! My friends! Quickly use your strength to prove the greatness of Shiva! Do a good job with those people from the Dragon Kingdom!"

"Haha! The great Lord Amir will definitely make them lose half of their resources!"

"This time, we Sakurajima support you!"

"Axi! We Nanbangguo also support you!"

"We will support you even if we don't fall into the country!"

"We Western Union countries all support you!"

"Oh! God! It's an honor for the people of the Lighthouse Country to see you fight over the people of the Dragon Country! Please let them lose resources and turn them back into the 'sick man' of the East, haha!"

Seeing this, the people of Longguo were extremely angry.

Qin Feng is also very angry.

Immediately, he quit the regional chat channel and closed the Tiandao light screen.

He was going to make some preparations for the bet in ten minutes.

snort!

Those self-righteous guys, really think that they are the people of the Dragon Kingdom?

How ridiculous!

This time, he's going to give them a loud slap in the face!

Smack them hard in the face!

The thirty-ninth chapter of the vocation is promoted, and the strength is greatly increased!

As soon as he exited the Tiandao light screen, Qin Feng looked at the dog corpse at his feet.

I saw a fragment of the seal floating on the dog's corpse.

He hurried forward to pick it up.

[Dark Seal Fragments: Condensed from mysterious runes absorbing dark energy. Collect all 5 shards to get the complete Dark Seal. 】

It turns out that the dark seal is here!