Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He has been severely injured hundreds of times, and most of his vitality has been lost.

If it goes on like this, within a quarter of an hour, he will reach his limit.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was extremely anxious.

At the same moment, the Beast God was also anxious.

The time limit for his fusion with the Divine Seal is half an hour.

Half an hour has passed now, and only a quarter of an hour is left.

He must kill Qin Feng within this quarter of an hour, otherwise it will be troublesome.

Having said that, this kid is really tough!

This is also the most difficult opponent he has encountered so far.

Thinking of this, he accelerated his attack.

Boom~!

Another shocking explosion!

Wow~!

Qin Feng vomited blood again and flew out, rolling tens of thousands of feet away.

Once he stabilized his figure, he activated his wood-type talent and instantly repaired the injury.

It was at this moment that Xiao Luan'er's hurried voice sounded in his ear.

"Dad! Dad! I'm finished refining!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

The little guy is finally out!

At the moment, as soon as he waved his hand, he summoned Xiao Luan'er.

Boo~!

As soon as he appeared, Xiao Luan'er let out a sky-shattering phoenix roar, and a monstrous golden flame rose from his whole body.

Qin Feng hurriedly looked at it

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan

[Level]: Level 19 (Imperial)

[Boundary]: Earth level (the best foundation building)

[Blood Talent]: A Grade (Suzaku)

[Combat evaluation]: 2000 stars

After reading this, Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Ha ha!

After the little guy refined three groups of blood essence, his bloodline talent reached Grade A.

The combat power has skyrocketed to 2000 stars!

What is even more amazing is that his foundation building level has actually transformed from a high-grade foundation building to a top-grade foundation building.

It turns out that the foundation level of the bloodline spirit beast can actually be advanced with the increase of potential.

This is very different from humans.

With this transformation, Xiao Luan'er's foundation building power reached 500 stars.

In this way, Xiao Luan'er's comprehensive combat power has reached 2500 stars, a proper first-level strength.

"Little guy! Psychic fit!"

Qin Feng had no time to explain.

As soon as the words fell, he choked the seal and activated the psychic harmony.

Chapter 316 Kill the Beast God! Amazing harvest!

When Qin Feng moved the seal, Xiao Huoluan's whole body lit up with golden light.

The next second, the little guy's body turned into a virtual body, and then turned into a large group of golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body.

One person and one beast unite in an instant!

Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, a pair of fiery red wings appeared on his back, and he was covered in a phoenix feather armor.

In just an instant, he completed the psychic integration, and his combat power skyrocketed by 6,300 star-level.

It was at this moment that the beast **** killed - come over.

Boom~!

The beast **** punched Qin Feng's chest!

That monstrous fist pierced through the void, like a strike from a demon god, destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

Swish~!

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a knife!

The swordsmanship is one after another, and the momentum is soaring!

In the blink of an eye, the sword fist collided again!

Boom~Long~!

There was another loud noise like the world was collapsing!

The two groaned at the same time!

Qin Feng was shaken back three hundred feet away!

The beast **** was also shaken back by more than a hundred feet!

In this round, Qin Feng was only slightly at a disadvantage, and he was never blown away and vomited blood again.

Beast God shocked!

His absolute advantage has been eliminated for the most part.

damn it!

It's a psychic union!

This kid even has a pet!

Moreover, his battle pet is extremely powerful, and has reached the level of the first layer of heaven.

Its potential is even higher than the nine beast emperors.

At this moment, the Beast God was extremely angry.

Why does this kid have so many tricks?

What makes him even more jealous is that this kid not only has many means, but also every means is extremely strong.

For example, the pets this kid has are extremely excellent.

As a beast god, he does not have a pet.

Because only spirit beasts hatched from the master's blood essence can be used as psychic pets.

Beast gods have always had high vision, and ordinary spirit beast eggs cannot be seen, and powerful spirit beast eggs cannot be encountered.

As a result, he has not received the favor of battle for a long time.

As for the Nine Great Beast Emperors, those are just his subordinates, not battle pets.

In short, Qin Feng's psychic integration has skyrocketed a lot, making the beast **** unable to accept the facts in front of him.

He didn't believe that his advantage was greatly weakened like this.

"damn it!"

A roar!

He slaughtered it.

In a blink of an eye, he killed Qin Feng again.

huh~!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared strangely behind the beast god.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Qin Feng slashed at the back of the beast god.

"It's teleportation!"

The Beast God roared in alarm and quickly turned around to resist.

This psychic integration, this kid has another powerful space ability.

The Beast God suddenly felt monstrous anger and unwillingness.

He must have a winner.

Now, the two sides fight again!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, the killing in the field was overturned, and the sky was torn apart!

The sky is full of waves and water mist, making it impossible to tell which is the sky and which is the earth.

After Qin Feng's psychic integration, he mastered the space teleportation, and suddenly became even more powerful.

He tried his best to avoid the frontal force and use teleportation to deal with it.

As a result, the two sides were evenly matched and evenly divided.

Qin Feng is more and more brave!

The Beast God is getting more anxious the more he fights!

Because of the fusion of his divine seal, the time limit is approaching.

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour will pass.

Before the beast **** took Qin Feng down, he suddenly sighed in his heart.

hey~!

It seems to have to give up temporarily.

Because the Divine Seal fusion is about to be lifted.

He had to hurry back to the tenth floor and take a breath.

He also has a means of sealing the Totem Temple.

That was his last resort.

As long as the seal is successful, even a 4th-level powerhouse will be trapped in the temple and will not be able to get out for a year and a half.

As for Qin Feng's third-level powerhouse, he will be trapped for a longer time.

Thinking of this, the figure of the beast **** flashed and rushed to the seventh floor entrance.

"Want to escape?!"