Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, there were more than 70 prefecture-level powerhouses standing in the sky above the Qi clan army.

The leader was an old man in gray robe.

His name is Chi Chi, the Supreme Elder of the Chi Clan, his strength has reached the pinnacle of the prefecture level, and he is also the second strongest of the Chi Clan.

At this time, he looked in the direction of the Totem Temple, with anxiety on his face.

"Elder Chi, I just contacted the patriarch, but he still hasn't responded."

An earth-level powerhouse stepped forward and reported in a low voice.

Qi Chi frowned: "It's weird! The patriarch has been in for so long, and it should have entered the Totem Temple long ago. Why is there no news? By the way, have you contacted Xuan Qiong?"

"Old Hui Chi! The subordinate also contacted the Cang clan head, but there was still no response there."

Fei Chi frowned even more: "It's not going to be an accident, is it?"

The several prefecture-level powerhouses on the side changed their colors one after another.

Afterwards, those people denied it.

"Elder Chi, that's impossible! Our patriarch is a first-level powerhouse, and there are not many people in this area who can keep him."

"Calculate the 1.0 time, the patriarch should enter the temple, then it is even more unlikely that an accident will happen. Inside the temple, the nine beast emperors and the beast gods are all powerful. "

"That's right! I don't think anything could happen to the patriarch. It's very likely that Lord Beast God had something to do with him and left him first. This kind of thing has happened several times before."

As soon as these words fell, all the local powerhouses nodded.

They simply don't believe that cockroaches will have an accident.

Because they have great confidence in the strength of Lord Beast God.

If something happened to the cockroach, I am afraid that the beast gods would have been disturbed, and they would not get no news at all.

When the subordinates of the audience said this, Fei Chi also breathed a sigh of relief.

He sighed: "Perhaps the old man is overthinking it! Let's guard the exit to prevent the intruder from escaping. If we really let him escape, we will be guilty of a big sin."

"As it should be!"

Everyone agreed, and once again guarded the exit with confidence.

At the same moment, on the other side of the Seven Kills Valley.

The Cang Clan headquarters was crowded.

Qiyue and Liu Xuan are doing their best to mobilize the residents of Longyuan Town and mobilize everyone.

Soon, a war will break out!

This time, more than 15,000 people in Longyuan Town went to attack the more than 27,000 people of the Qi clan.

Although the number of people in Longyuan Town is small, Longyuan Town has a peerless powerhouse like Qin Feng.

Chapter 318 Mission Rewards! Amazing harvest!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

The Longyuan army has been assembled!

At this moment, the Cang Clan headquarters was full of commotion.

Long Yuan was discussing a lot.

"Brothers, my blood boils when I think of attacking the clan!"

"Haha, me too!"

"Kill those guardians, but you can get a lot of benefits!"

"Yeah! Not only energy points, but also attribute points and points!"

"I heard that there are more than 27,000 people in the Qi clan, at least 10,000 of them are at the peak of the human level. In addition, they have more than 70 prefecture-level powerhouses. We only have more than 15,000 people. This number It makes me a little nervous!"

"Yeah! I'm really a little flustered! However, our boss alone can reach a million troops, so we don't need to be afraid of a lot of clansmen?"

"By the way, when will the boss be back?"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Yes! I haven't seen the boss for a long time, and the little sister misses a little."

When it comes to Qin Feng, everyone smiles all over their faces, and they respect and worship in their hearts.

At this time, another voice sounded from the crowd.

"Everyone, have you forgotten something important?"

"What's up?"

"The boss has completed the third stage task of the god-level village, and he hasn't submitted it yet!"

"Yeah! The third stage of the task is B-level difficulty! The reward must be very powerful, right?"

"Haha! That's of course! If you want me to see, the reward is at least ten times richer than the second stage!"

"If it's ten times richer! We'll die!"

"Brothers, when you say this, I can't wait to wait for the boss to submit the task."

"Haha, me too!"

"Little sister is also looking forward to it! I really want to know, what will be the reward for this mission?"

"Don't worry! The boss will definitely arrange it!"

These words were only 10 words, and Tiandao kept sending reminders.

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Teleportation Array', the address is located on the eighth floor of the Totem Temple... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located on the seventh floor of the Totem Temple... Mayor Qin Feng received a reward of 200 attribute points]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located on the fifth floor of the Totem Temple... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located on the fourth floor of the Totem Temple... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

After a while, Qin Feng established four teleportation formations and received 800 attribute rewards.

There are four kinds of minerals hidden in the Totem Temple, namely the Fire Glazed Glass on the fourth layer, the Sky Quenching Gold on the fifth layer, the Lightning Strike Wood on the seventh layer, and the Dark Shining Stone on the eighth layer.

Therefore, Qin Feng arranged a teleportation array in those four places to connect with Longyuan Town.

In the future, he can arrange a large number of prisoners of war to collect those strategic resources and let Longyuan Town take off.

But when the information came out, everyone in Long Yuan was at a loss.

They didn't know the meaning of Qin Feng's arrangement of those teleportation formations.

Just when everyone was curious, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng has submitted the task items, and the task of the third stage of the god-level village (level B difficulty) has been completed! 】

[Task reward: Reward all members of Longyuan Town to awaken the F-level bloodline talent. 】

[Quest reward: Those who already have F-level bloodline talent can directly upgrade to E-level bloodline talent. 】

[Quest reward: Those whose bloodline talent reaches E level or above will not be able to improve. The reward has been replaced with 5000 attribute points. 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the announcement came out, the sky shook!

Immediately afterwards, tens of thousands of red beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone in Longyuan...

Immediately, everyone's bloodlines advanced, and their momentum skyrocketed!

Countless cheers erupted from the crowd!

"Oh my god! I have really awakened the talent of the F-rank true dragon blood!"

"Haha! What I awakened is also the F-rank true dragon blood talent!"

"My unicorn bloodline talent has been promoted to E level!"

"Haha! I got 5000 attribute rewards!"

"Wow! This time the reward is too generous!"

"As expected of a B-level difficulty reward! It's really cool!"

"Yeah! The boss's reward is definitely more generous!"

At this moment, everyone is overjoyed, and everyone has the talent of blood.

Longyuan Town is basically from the Dragon Kingdom, and everyone awakens to the talent of the F-level true dragon blood.

The other hundreds of Qi's children possessed the Qilin bloodline talent, most of which were originally F-rank bloodline talent.

This time, they have all been upgraded to E-level bloodline talents.

As for Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Qishan, Qiyun and other bloodline talents exceeding E-level, all received 5000 attribute rewards.

Their rewards are even better!

In short, this time, with the reward, Longyuan Town went up and down, and the strength skyrocketed wildly.

Even the weakest townspeople have a 70-star combat power.

More than 20 outstanding players such as Lei Jue, Qiyun, Longshan, etc., have broken 200 stars in combat power.

Liu Xuan's combat power has broken through 270 stars, infinitely close to the triple heaven.

The overall strength of Longyuan Town has jumped a lot.

This gave everyone unlimited confidence in the next battle.

In fact, the awakening of bloodline talent is of great significance to Longyuan Town.

Because of the awakening of the bloodline talent, it can greatly improve the potential and basic strength.

After this awakening, the potential of all the members of Longyuan Town is comparable to that of the human beings in the Great Thousand World.

That's a big improvement!

It's also a very rare improvement!

It is not easy to train a group of human beings from the small world to the level of the human beings in the large world.

This also gives Longyuan Town the confidence to fight for **** of the world...

At the same time, the Totem Temple, the fourth floor, next to the teleportation array.

Tiandao's reminders continued to be heard in Qin Feng's ears.

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with a Supreme Synthesis Card (Tier 7). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third stage of the task, and reward 1 treasure chest helicopter card (seventh stage). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third-stage task, and you will be rewarded with a third-order space upgrade card (seventh-order). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third stage of the task, rewarding bloodline talents to upgrade to A-level. 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with 10,000 attribute points. 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the third stage of the task and reward 1000 points. 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the information came out, the sky shook!

A red beam of light fell on Qin Feng

Immediately, his qi and blood skyrocketed wildly, and the phantom of the dragon appeared behind him, and the heavenly might covered the sky.

[Reminder: Your bloodline talent has been promoted from B level to A level, and your combat power has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: With the improvement of bloodline talent, your soul body is automatically strengthened, reaching the mid-level foundation building level, and your combat power is improved. 】

[Reminder: The bloodline talent has been improved, and the power of your inheritance skill Longwei has increased tenfold again. 】

Qin Feng is delighted!

The bloodline talent has finally been promoted to A rank.

Obviously his reward is different from everyone else.