Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He glanced at his combat power, and suddenly reached 4866 stars, which has skyrocketed a lot.

At this moment, another beam of light fell on him.

His attributes skyrocketed, and in the blink of an eye, his attributes skyrocketed by 10,000 points.

Immediately afterwards, the third beam of light fell.

Three golden divine cards slowly walked along the beam of light.

Those are three seventh-order **** cards!

Absolutely treasure!

Qin Feng happily accepted the three divine cards.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

It's about to dawn, and he has to go to exterminate the clan, and there is no time to study the **** card.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly put away the three divine cards and walked to the teleportation array on the side.

Having said that, this time he went to the tenth floor to search, and the harvest was extremely rich.

It's just that time is too hasty, and he has no time to study.

Om~!

The next second, the teleportation array lit up, and Qin Feng disappeared into the array.

At the same time, the Cang Clan headquarters, above the square.

Everyone in Longyuan cheered.

At this moment, in the corner of the square, the teleportation array lit up, alarming everyone.

Everyone looked around and saw Qin Feng appearing out of thin air.

"Boss is back!"

"Brother Mayor!"

"Owner!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng's return, they cheered and stepped forward.

Qin Feng looked around the crowd, and was relieved to see the momentum of all of them soaring.

This time the mission was not done in vain!

"Yue'er, are all the staff here?"

Qin Feng asked about the business.

Qiyue hurriedly stepped forward: "Master, all the top and bottom of Longyuan Town are here, just waiting for your order!"

Liu Xuan also stepped forward at 370: "Boss, all the remnants of the Cang clan have been eliminated. However, among the eight clans of the Cang clan, only the Cangfeng clan has land deed cards, and the rest do not."

While speaking, Liu Xuan respectfully handed over a title deed card.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It seems that not all sites can have land deed cards. There are two major resource points near the Cangtu Department. One is the Wutu crystal nucleus produced in the Gen Valley."

"The other place is that the Sunlight Canyon produces radiant stones, so it can be regarded as a low-level site by Tiandao's default. In other words, there should be a mine near the Blue Wind Department."

Liu Xuan suddenly said: "It's the boss who thinks about doing it! When the matter of the Qi clan is finished, I will take someone to look for mines around the Blue Wind Department."

At this time, Lei Jue also stepped forward: "Boss, it will be dawn in an hour. At our speed, we will rush from the Cang Clan headquarters to the Qi Clan's lair. We won't be able to make it in six or seven hours!"

This reminder caused everyone to discuss.

right!

At their speed, it is impossible to arrive before dawn!

If you can't get rid of the clan before dawn, it will definitely bring a lot of trouble.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "your speed is too late, but mine is fine. This time, I will take you there!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his hand, and white light flashed in the field.

Everyone in Long Yuan was sent into the zero-dimensional space by him one by one.

In today's zero-degree space, with a radius of more than 30 miles, there is no problem in holding more than 10,000 people.

In just a moment, everyone in the field was sent into the zero-degree space, only Xiao Luan'er was left.

Guji~! Guji~!

"Dad! Let's go together!"

The little guy was very smart and guessed Qin Feng's plan.

By combining it with Qin Feng, the two flew all the way and teleported, and they could definitely arrive at the nest of the Qi clan within an hour.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Don't worry! I still have a big harvest, and I have to deal with it!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he took out the title deed card of the Cangzu headquarters.

He has reached the maximum number of backfeeds.

It's time to take the Cang Clan headquarters as your own.

As long as he masters this site, he will be able to increase the upper limit of 1,000 people, and he will get a large number of attributes to feed back.

Chapter 319 One person dominates! Kill the world!

At the moment, Qin Feng broke the blood clotting on his finger and dripped it to the land card.

Om~!

The title deed card suddenly shines!

The entire Cang Clan headquarters stronghold began to shake.

Then, the title deed card turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You are integrating the land deed card (Cangzu headquarters)...]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations on becoming the head of the Cang Clan headquarters, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (lower grade) and get 1000 points. 】

[Congratulations on the increase in the number of sites, the upper limit of your subordinates' combat power has been increased to 1000 people again. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Lei Jue's combat power has broken 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Qishan's combat power has broken 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

At this moment, one after another energy feeds back, frantically pouring in, all of which are above 200 stars.

Each one can feed back 100 attributes!

Qin Feng's attribute points soared wildly all the way

Now, Qin Fengsuan has thoroughly understood the rules of backfeeding.

This is different from his previous guess.

The backfeed of each combat power level is full of 1,000 people.

For example, a 50-star combat power will feed back 20 attribute points, and feed back a thousand people, and will no longer feed back.

100-star combat power, feed back 50 attribute points, feed back 1,000 people, and will no longer feed back.

Similarly, 200-star combat power, feeding back 100 attribute points, is also feeding back a thousand times.

Now, the combat power provided by Longyuan Town to him, 30 stars, 50 stars, and 100 stars are all full.

Only the townspeople whose combat power has broken through to 200 stars can continue to feed him back...

It can be seen that his next development direction is to let more townspeople break through to 200 stars, so that he can get feedback.

A town resident who has exceeded 200 stars can give him 100 attribute points back.

A full 1,000 visitors is 100,000 attribute points, which is definitely a huge gain.

Qin Feng is looking forward to it the more he thinks about it!

After a while, the feedback is over.

He has received more than 20 feedbacks.

At the moment, he opened the panel and saw that the free attribute points had accumulated to 13,500 points.

There are 10,000 points for quest rewards and 800 points for building a teleportation array.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with the accumulation of 13,500 attributes.

At the moment, he quickly finished adding points, and his combat power soared to 5110 stars again.

Such combat power is considered a medium level in the third level of heaven.

The combat power range of the Heavenly Grade Triple Layer is from 4000 stars to 6000 stars.

However, Qin Feng has many talents and is powerful.

His comprehensive strength is comparable to the threshold of the fourth level of heaven.

If you combine with Xiao Luan'er psychic, the overall strength will be stronger.

After Xiao Luan'er received the quest reward, her basic combat power also skyrocketed to 2090 stars.

"Dad! Daddy! Are you all right?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er cried anxiously.

It looked at the sky in the distance, and it was gradually brightening, and it was not far from the dawn.

Time is running out!

"All right!"

Qin Feng hurriedly closed the personal panel.

"Little guy, fit together!"

"Um!"

At the moment, one person and one pet have begun to psychically combine.

Boom~!

After the integration was completed, Qin Feng spread his wings and flew towards the Valley of Seven Kills.

The clan's nest is at the other end of the Valley of Seven Kills.

Crossing the Valley of Seven Kills, you can arrive.

During this flight, Qin Feng's speed was terrifyingly fast, and he disappeared into the night in the blink of an eye.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than half an hour passed.

At this moment, the other end of the Valley of Seven Kills.

The clan army was already anxiously waiting.

In the air, Fei Chi looked at the sky from time to time.

In the distance, fish maw white has already appeared, and it is less than a quarter of an hour before dawn.

But the patriarch Chibi has not returned, and there is no information from the Totem Temple, and the Cang Clan cannot be contacted.

All kinds of anomalies made Qi Chi very uneasy.

Even the prefecture-level powerhouses behind Qi Chi vaguely felt that the situation was not good.

"The elders, the patriarch will not really have an accident, right?"

A prefectural powerhouse whispered.

Fei Chi took a deep breath: "Yeah, it's almost dawn! The patriarch doesn't even reply to the message, it's a little abnormal. If something happens to the patriarch, then the problem will be big!"

"Elder Chi, what do you say?"

"You think! If the patriarch can have an accident in the Totem Temple, the strength of the intruder should not be lower than that of the Beast God. Facing such a strong man, it is useless to have more of us."