Playvolume00:00/01:34
Truvid
fullScreen

This reminder, everyone's face changed slightly.

"Elder Chi, if such a thing really happened, what should I do?"

Fei Chi smiled bitterly: "If this is the case, then I can only ask the head of the Yuan family for help."

"Yes! Only the head of the Yuan family can deal with such a master."

"It is rumored that the battle strength of the Yuan clan leader has reached 6,000 stars, which is the peak of the third level of heaven. I wonder if it is true?"

"This is not clear! However, many people say that the Yuan family leader is the number one powerhouse in this area, even stronger than the Beast God Lord. I don't know if it is true or not?"

"It shouldn't be groundless! The head of the Yuan family should have some powerful cards!"

Fei Chi interrupted: "Okay! Don't discuss these things! The real backer of my clan is still Lord Beast God. Unless it is a last resort, don't alarm the Yuan clan chief."

"Elder Chi, what do we do next? We've been watching all night, can't we just keep doing this?"

Fei Chi sighed: "Look at it after dawn! If it really doesn't work, I can only ask the head of the Yuan family for help."

As soon as these words fell, there was a rapid sound of breaking through the air in the valley ahead.

"Hey! Someone came out!"

"Could it be the patriarch?"

Fei Chi and others were alarmed and looked into the valley one after another.

The next second, a gray figure was flying out of the valley.

At this moment, the night has not yet faded,

Fei Chi and the others couldn't see who was coming.

However, people come very fast!

In a blink of an eye, the person came to the vicinity of Taniguchi.

At this moment, Fei Chi and the others finally saw who was coming.

It was a handsome young man with a pair of red phoenix wings behind him, and he was very imposing.

The visitor is Qin Feng!

When the strong men saw that they were not cockroaches, they were slightly disappointed.

At the same time, they were a little relieved when they saw that Qin Feng was a young man in his twenties.

So young, generally not too strong!

However, this young man flew out of the Valley of Seven Kills, very suspicious!

"Boy! Who are you?!"

At the moment, Fei Chi shouted and asked loudly.

Qin Feng naturally ignored it and flew over quickly.

Fei Chi frowned, his heart suddenly angry.

The powerful people of the clan and the army below were also annoyed.

This young man is too self-righteous!

With so many of them guarding here, this kid dares to rush in, do you really think their clan is a kind person? !

"Boy! Stop!"

Fudge yelled loudly.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

It was at this moment that there was another sound of breaking air behind Qin Feng.

That is Qin Feng's four avatars!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

They also followed.

When Fei Chi saw not one person, but five people, he suddenly felt that those who came were not good.

Immediately, he ordered: "Shoot!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he rushed towards Qin Feng first.

For this young man without long eyes, he will not show any mercy.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately, more than a dozen prefecture-level powerhouses followed.

The remaining sixty or so prefecture-level powerhouses stood up in the air without any movement.

The tens of thousands of the children of the feudal clan below are also watching silently.

From their point of view, it was an easy task for the Supreme Elder and a dozen prefecture-level elders to kill Qin Feng alone.

In a blink of an eye, the two sides met in the air.

Boom~!

When Fei Chi saw Qin Feng, he shot directly without saying a word.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The dozen or so prefecture-level powerhouses that followed, also without saying a word, launched attacks one after another and slammed into Qin Feng.

In the face of such an unknown young man, they are also vigilant and will not hold back at all.

What's more, this young man has been ignoring their warnings, obviously there is a problem.

At this moment, more than a dozen strong attacks gathered together and slammed into Qin Feng.

The momentum of the joint strike was earth-shattering, and it suddenly reached a full-strength strike that reached the threshold of heaven!

Seeing this scene, the children of the Qi clan were amazed, secretly thinking about the strength of their own elders, it is really amazing!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Shinra Heavenly Blade, a cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

That knife not only broke the attacks of a dozen people in a row, but also cut the dozen people in Fei Chi in half, and no one was spared.

Suddenly, the sky is full of blood!

Screaming endlessly!

One after another spiritual light flew up and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +576 attributes, +4.54 million energy points, and +87 points. 】

[Successful killing the guardian (earth level), your pet gets +131 attributes, +970,000 energy points, and +16 points. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, you get +371 attributes, +2.34 million energy points, and +67 points. 】

[Killing the guardian (earth level) successfully, your pet gets +91 attributes, +530,000 energy points, and +9 points. 】

 …

Suddenly, Qin Feng's energy value, attribute points, and points are skyrocketing wildly...

At the same moment, the people of the clan were dumbfounded!

With just one knife, this young man killed more than a dozen of their elders, including their Supreme Elder Chichi!

Boom~!

In the next second, the whole clan woke up and burst into a roar!

"Kill him! Let's kill him together!"

"Vengeance! Revenge for the Supreme Master!"

"Kill! Kill together!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~ East!

Suddenly, the more than 60 earth-level powerhouses shot at the same time, and one by one, they launched earth-shattering attacks on Qin Feng.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Below, tens of thousands of troops also launched long-range attacks.

Countless rockets, ice knives, wind blades, thunderbolts, and meteorites all blasted towards Qin Feng.

Suddenly, in the sky and underground, tens of thousands of attacks hit Qin Feng overwhelmingly.

Chapter 320 Chop vegetables and cut melons! Kill them all!

The combined attack of the tens of thousands of attacks was devastating and terrifying!

What's more, there are also more than 60 strikes from local powerhouses.

Its comprehensive power is comparable to the full blow of a second-level powerhouse!

With such a powerful attack, this young man is absolutely dead!

At this moment, all the disciples of the Qi clan showed hideous faces and resentment in their eyes.

None of them softened, and they all unleashed their strongest blow.

They want revenge!

To avenge the dead elders!

This young man must die!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng was engulfed by tens of thousands of attacks.

There was joy in the eyes of the disciples.

This young man must have been bombed to scum!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

Before the children of the Qi clan were happy, the attack center burst open, emitting a dazzling white light, and tens of thousands of attacks were all turned into powder.

Qin Feng was actually unscathed!

At this moment, he held a long sword, proudly volleyed into the sky, his clothes fluttered, like a **** coming into the world, his mighty power is extraordinary!

Shock!

Incredibly shocked!

The people of the Qi clan were completely dumbfounded.

Under such a terrifying attack, this young man was unscathed!

What kind of strength is this young man!

After the shock, boundless fear rose in the hearts of everyone!

Looking at Qin Feng's eyes, he was full of fear.

"Get out! Let's get out together!"

"Kill him together!"

Someone in the crowd shouted again!

Swish~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng teleported and appeared in the middle of the group of prefecture-level powerhouses.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!