Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

After Qin Feng checked the latest data, he closed the interface with satisfaction.

Then, he took out three more divine cards.

That was the other reward for this temple mission.

At this moment, he finally took some time to deal with it.

At the moment, he looked at one of the divine cards.

[Supreme synthesis card: A seventh-order **** card, which can combine five purple diamond treasure chests into an epic treasure chest. 】

[Reminder: The Supreme Synthesis Card is the highest level divine card in the treasure chest synthesis card. 】

good! good!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This **** card can actually synthesize epic treasure chests, which is really powerful!

However, the highest level of synthetic treasure chests can only be synthesized into epic treasure chests.

The treasure chests further up cannot be obtained by means of synthesis.

In this regard, Qin Feng is already very satisfied.

Epic treasure chest!

There is a 98% probability of opening a seventh-order treasure, and a 2% probability of opening an eighth-order treasure.

If he is lucky, he might be able to open an eighth-order treasure.

What's more, he has four purple diamond treasure chests and one dark treasure chest in his hand, which is not far from synthesizing epic treasure chests!

"As long as I get four more dark treasure chests and a super synthetic card, I can close the epic treasure chest. These should not be difficult..."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Super synthetic card, not too rare, Qiyue bought it on World Channel.

As long as he spends some time, it is not difficult to get his hands.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Supreme Synthesis Card with satisfaction and looked at the second divine card...

[Treasure Chest Helicopter Card: Level 7 God Card, after use, the target treasure chest can be directly upgraded to one level. 】

[Reminder: This card is only valid for treasure chests below the mythical level. If the target reaches the mythical level, its use is invalid at this moment. 】

[Reminder: There are only ten such divine cards in each big world! 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was delighted.

This treasure chest helicopter card is more powerful and rarer.

There are only ten cards in a big world, but he got it.

This helicopter card is infinitely useful.

As long as he synthesizes an epic treasure chest, and then uses a helicopter, he can get a mythical treasure chest!

[Mythical Treasure Chest: 98% chance of opening an eighth-order treasure, 2% chance of opening a ninth-order treasure. 】

Ninth-order items generally only appear in the hands of demigods.

The Beast God Seal he got was a broken ninth-order item.

At the peak of the beast god, he was a demigod powerhouse.

good! good!

This [Treasure Chest Helicopter Card] combined with the [Supreme Synthesis Card], the effect is comparable to an eighth-order **** card, which is really powerful.

If he gets another luck **** card, three **** cards and cooperation, a ninth-order treasure can be obtained 100%.

That is equivalent to exerting the effect of the ninth-order **** card!

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

"By the way, there is a **** card hall in the Vientiane Temple. I wonder if there is a luck card in it? If there is, it will be cool!"

Qin Feng smiled and put away the treasure chest helicopter.

Then, he looked at the third divine card.

[Advanced space upgrade card: the seventh-order **** card, using this card, the second-order space can be upgraded to the third-order. 】

Qin Feng smiled.

His zero-degree space is the second-order space.

Using this card, you can upgrade the zero-degree space to the third-order space.

In this way, the zero-degree space can become a large space with a radius of hundreds of miles.

This card is very useful.

However, he doesn't have time to use it now, and he will operate it when he is free.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out another storage ring and began to study it.

That is the storage ring of the beast god, there are many treasures and useful information in it, he must study it carefully...

Time flies!

A quarter of an hour later, two figures appeared by the Tongtian Lake, it was Qin Feng and Qiyue.

At this time, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

A quarter of an hour has passed outside, and an hour and a half has passed in the zero-degree space.

In that one and a half hour, he not only completed the inventory of the task and harvest, but also obtained a lot of useful information from the storage of the beast god.

For example: if a heavenly powerhouse wants to break through to the demigod realm, he actually needs to refine a space for his own use and become the master of the space.

The many small spaces hidden in the totem temple are actually the deified spaces when the beast **** became a demigod.

It's just that his realm fell later, and the space was automatically split into several small spaces.

Owning your own space is really too difficult for many Heaven-level powerhouses.

It takes a great chance to get it.

And Qin Feng now has it, that is zero-degree space.

After getting this secret, he was overjoyed, and quickly used the advanced space upgrade card to upgrade the zero-degree space to the third order.

The higher the level of space mastered, the more beneficial it will be for him to break through to the demigod realm in the future.

Of course, that's all for later.

At this moment, Qin Feng stood by the lake, no longer thinking about those distant things.

Right now, his task is to harvest prestige and complete the holy martial arts assessment.

"Master, let's get started!"

Qi Yue couldn't wait.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Yue'er, this time you have to rely on your own strength to go up. Only in this way will you encounter guardian spirit beasts. Killing those guardian spirit beasts can gain a lot of prestige."

Qi Yue smiled and said: "Master, Yue'er understands! With my current strength, I can easily kill the third floor of the Holy Martial Hall."

"Okay! Then I'll go first!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng soared into the sky and flew towards the Vientiane Temple...

Qiyue also stepped into the lake and walked towards the ladder.

This time, she will challenge herself.

Killing guardian spirit beasts is not only for prestige, but also for the order to pass the temple.

With those pass orders, she will be able to freely enter and leave various temples in the future...

Vientiane Nine-layer Hall!

The first layer, the Temple of Heaven.

The second layer is the Wanxiang Hall.

The third layer, Shengwu Temple.

The fourth layer, the Temple of Pill.

The fifth layer, the Temple of Destruction.

Qin Feng has entered these five-story temples, and he cannot gain prestige.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng flew to an altitude of 30,000 feet and arrived at the Holy Martial Hall.

However, he did not stop, but continued to fly upwards.

He had to harvest prestige first, and then go to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

After all, he didn't know how long it would take for the Shengwu assessment.

If it's too long and you miss the reputation challenge, that's bad.

At the moment, he decided to harvest prestige first, and then go to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

After another quarter of an hour, Qin Feng arrived at the square of the fifth floor of the Hall of Destruction.

At this moment, he stood in the air, looking up at the sky.

There is a magnificent temple suspended there, looming in the clouds.

That is the Hall of Hundred Treasures!

Sixth Heaven Temple!

There are all kinds of protective equipment for sale.

However, if you want to buy items in the Vientiane Temple, money is not enough, and there are prestige requirements.

Insufficient reputation, money can not buy.

Qin Feng was also curious whether there were any items he needed in the Hall of Hundred Treasures.

Thinking of this, he took off into the air and flew towards the sixth heaven.

Time flies!

After half an hour, Qin Feng flew to the Baiqi Hall.

Boo~!

At this moment, there was a loud roar that shook the sky for hundreds of miles!

Then, the sky darkened.

A gigantic divine sculpture with a body of hundreds of meters in length flew over with its wings outstretched, covering the sky and the earth with its aura.

This is the guardian spirit beast on the sixth floor - the flying golden eagle.

Whoo~!

The next second, the flying golden eagles slaughtered at him, and the sharp claws that could open the sky and crack the earth directly grabbed Qin Feng's head.

This shot, the momentum is shocking, the situation changes color.

Qin Feng waved his hand casually, and thousands of light arrows shot out, and all of a sudden, the divine eagle exploded and turned into starlight in the sky...

[Successfully kills the level 51 flying golden eagle (king level), you get +3 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of level 51 flying golden eagle (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killed the 51-level flying golden eagle (king level) successfully, and issued a pass order (sixth heaven). 】

Qin Feng happily picked up the pass.

In just a while, he gained 10 reputation points, and the total accumulated to 566 points, one step closer to 600 points.

After getting the pass, he flew to Baiji Square and walked towards the entrance of Baiji Hall...