Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In just a moment, he entered the Hall of Hundred Treasures.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng returned to the square again.

He turned around in the Hall of Hundred Treasures and found that the highest-grade equipment sold in it was only Tier 6.

He suddenly lost interest and returned to the square.

However, as the first person to enter the Hall of Hundred Treasures in District 1, he gained another 5 reputation.

At this point, his reputation has reached 571 points.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Afterwards, he flew to the seventh-level temple and continued to harvest prestige

At the same time, the No. 1 area, the resident of Zhanxiong Village.

Inside the wooden house of village chief Turgenev.

Turgenev received a mysterious blue-robed old man.

Although the old man had a human appearance, his skin was gray, which was somewhat different from the Blue Star people.

At this moment, Turgenev looked at the old man respectfully.

"Senior, do you really have a way to make my reputation exceed 200 points?"

Turgenev's tone was a little anxious.

There are only ten hours left until the prestige challenge ends.

His reputation value is only 87 points, and he is far from 200 points!

The blue-robed old man smiled proudly: "Don't forget! Who helped you regenerate your broken leg back then?"

"It's you!"

Turgenev replied respectfully.

The old man's name is Xiaoyun.

At this moment, he said indifferently: "In the beginning, the old man not only cured your injury, but also gave you some good equipment. Because of this, you have successfully become the village chief. Next, it is your turn to repay the old man."

Turgenev hesitated: "Senior, you asked me to tell you the location of the other nine villages. What is it for?"

Xiao Yun said in a low voice: "I have already told you the details of this old man. We Xiao Clan are members of the mysterious forces and have been given some special missions by Heavenly Dao. We only need to know that the position of the challenging forces in this area will not be punished to them. any disadvantage."

Speaking of this, the old man's eyes flickered.

Turgenev hesitated.

This old man is so mysterious!

He also once doubted whether the old man was a guardian of the forces.

But he thought about it for a while, and felt that it was unlikely.

If this old man was a guardian of the forces, he should have killed himself with a knife instead of helping him regenerate his broken limbs and grow new legs.

But why did the old man always want to know the position of other challenging forces?

It made him feel uncomfortable!

Seeing his hesitation, Xiao Yun said: "Turgenev, I have six prestige cards here. Each prestige card can give you 20 reputation. Six are 120 reputation."

"As long as you are willing to tell the old man, the positions of the nine challenging forces, these six 'reputation cards' are yours. If you are not willing, it does not matter. The old man will leave now."

"Just in this way, once the prestige challenge is over, the location of your Zhanxiong Village will be exposed to the Yuan clan. At that time, the Yuan clan will definitely come to destroy you."

Hearing these words, Turgenev's face changed slightly.

yes!

In another ten hours, the prestige challenge will be over.

If he does not reach 200 reputation points, the location of War Bear Village will be exposed, and he will suffer a disaster.

But if he cooperated with the old man and got the six prestige cards, it would be just enough for 200 prestige points.

They will also be safe in Battle Bear Village!

Besides, this old man saved him once, so there shouldn't be any malicious intent!

And the old man does have a prestige card in his hand.

The old man had confirmed it to him before.

After some ideological struggle, Turgenev sighed: "Senior, I am willing to cooperate with you. As long as I tell you the positions of those forces, you will really send me these prestige cards!"

"Haha! Of course!"

"Row!"

At the moment, the two reached an agreement.

A quarter of an hour later, after Turgenev settled the villagers, he took the mysterious old man to the direction of Longyuan headquarters.

He already knew that Yuelong and other eight villages would attack Longyuan headquarters today.

In this matter, Miyamoto Lang invited him, but he did not want to get involved.

Now, in order to get those prestige cards, he had to agree to cooperate with the old man,

To this end, he planned to take the old man to sneak over there, and then secretly watched the eight major villages attack Longyuan Village.

Chapter 324 Prestige skyrockets! Ghostly!

In this way, Turgenev took the old man and sneaked over quietly.

Turgenev is naturally thinking in a good place.

But he didn't know, it was not long after he and the old man left.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

A group of gray-skinned humans rushed to the vicinity of War Bear Village and quietly lurked...

Looking at the appearance of the group of people, they are similar to the old man Xiaoyun, obviously of the same race...

At the same moment, the Temple of Vientiane.

Qin Feng has flown to the vicinity of the seventh temple.

Boo~!

Another terrifying phoenix roared, and above the nine heavens, the wind and clouds changed color.

A giant bird shaped like a fire phoenix came directly to Qin Feng.

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand and a mad thunder, he blasted it on the spot and turned it into a starry sky...

[Successfully kills the level 55 Flying Phoenix (King level), you get +4 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of level 55 Feitian Huofeng (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 55-level Feitian Huofeng (king level) successfully, the passing order (seventh layer) was issued. 】

10 more reputation points!

Accumulated 581 points!

Qin Feng was in a good mood, picked up the pass, and hurried to the entrance of the 'Seven Killing Hall' on the seventh floor.

Seventh!

Hall of Seven Kills!

Weapons for sale!

The intention of the Lord to kill!

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng came out of the Hall of Seven Kills, and his reputation became 586 points again.

This made him feel dark.

This way of brushing prestige makes people feel comfortable.

Then, he flew to the eighth temple.

Having said that, he turned around in the Hall of Seven Kills and found that the best weapons were sold in it, which were only Tier 6.

This naturally lacks interest! 863

However, the next eighth God Card Temple is one of the temples he is most looking forward to.

"I don't know if there is a **** card for sale in the **** card hall? If there is, that would be great."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

If there is a God of Fortune Card, combined with the Supreme Synthesis Card and the Treasure Chest Helicopter Card, the effect of the Ninth-Order God Card can be properly exerted.

The ninth-order **** card!

In a big world, I'm afraid there won't be three!

Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Soon, he flew to the vicinity of the eighth temple.

roar~!

At this moment, with a roar of a beast that shook the sky, a giant ape with two wings on its back rushed over, its face was extremely hideous, and its speed was extremely fast.

It turned out that this giant ape mastered the law of wind and was best at speed.

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the giant ape came to the front and punched Qin Feng directly.

That punch came, the void cracked, and the sky trembled!

The momentum is devastating, extremely terrifying!

Qin Feng smiled and pointed.

Seeing this scene, the giant ape was extremely angry!

Damn human thief!

How dare you despise him!

With just one finger, you want to resist your own punch?

Simply insane!

roar~!

The giant ape roared and slammed it with all his strength!

It wants to kill this kid and wash away its humiliation!

In the blink of an eye, that finger collided with the mad fist of the giant ape.

The giant ape's eyes were full of cruelty.

It wants to see how this kid's finger was broken by himself!

But in the next second, it sensed that something was wrong, and there was a look of horror in its eyes.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng's finger, like an all-conquering spear, shattered the giant ape's mad fist and penetrated its body.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of explosions!

The giant ape's body shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight...

[Successfully kills the level 58 Flying God Ape (king level), you will get +5 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of the 58-level Flying God Ape (king level) is successful, you get +10 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 58-level Flying God Ape (king level) successfully, the passing order (Eighth Heaven) was issued. 】

10 more reputation points!