Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But this thought only came up, and the fourth beam of light fell...

Boom~!

The audience was instantly dumbfounded!

The hall became deadly silent.

600 reputation points!

This is beyond everyone's imagination!

In just a moment, Qin Feng got four divine cards.

God card in hand!

The God of Luck Card he wanted the most was also in hand.

Qin Feng put away the card and left with satisfaction...

It wasn't until he walked into the passage and disappeared from everyone's sight that the audience recovered, and they all sighed.

"God! Did I read it right? That guy bought four God Cards?"

"You read that right! He did buy four divine cards!"

"Four **** cards! That's 600 reputation points! It's amazing! This person is amazing!"

"Yeah! You can't admire it or not!"

"Everyone, don't ignore a question. He can afford four God Cards, which means he is also a rich man!"

"right!"

"Tsk tsk! This man is handsome, prestigious, and rich. He is really a strange man in the world, but unfortunately he is not from our big world..."

Many women showed regret.

"By the way, you were the one who said before, that person is just handsome, and the others are useless, right?"

"Uh! Did I say it? I didn't say it! You must have heard it wrong!"…Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

But he said that after Qin Feng left the God Card Hall, he flew to the ninth hall.

Since the eighth level has been reached, the ninth level cannot be missed.

You can harvest as much prestige as you can.

Anyway, more prestige is not a bad thing!

What's more, the ninth hall is the hall of the gods, which sells various treasure chests.

He is also short of treasure chests now.

In other words, he is also full of curiosity about the Temple of God.

I just don't know if I can buy the treasure chest he wants in it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng accelerated to the ninth floor.

After a quarter of an hour, he approached the ninth hall.

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar resounded above his head.

The guardian spirit beast has appeared!

Qin Feng looked up and saw a golden dragon with a length of 100 feet, slaughtering him...

Boom~Long~Long!

Wherever the golden dragon went, the vitality shook, the heaven and the earth roared, and the momentum was extraordinary.

In the blink of an eye, it was culled to the front!

The monstrous dragon's might covered the sky and covered the ground, rolling down towards Qin Feng.

This tiny human being!

Let you feel the majesty of the dragon!

Boom~!

The golden dragon slammed down with one claw, carrying the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

For any intruder, it will not be left behind.

That's its job!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

Wherever the dragon claws passed, the space was shattered, the momentum was inexorable, and the power was extremely terrifying.

At this moment, Qin Feng shot and punched him at will.

In the blink of an eye, fists and claws collided!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

The void vibrates, the space cracks!

In the next second, the huge dragon claws shattered inch by inch, and then spread towards the dragon body at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Ow~!

The mournful dragon's roar reverberated above the nine heavens.

In the blink of an eye, the golden dragon's body of 100 feet shattered and died, turning into a starry sky...

[Successfully kills the level 58 Flying Golden Dragon (Emperor level), you will get +7 million energy points. 】

[The first kill of Level 58 Flying Golden Dragon (Emperor Level) is successful, you get +15 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 58-level Flying Golden Dragon (Emperor-level) successfully, the passing order (Jiuzhongtian) was released. 】

Qin Feng was surprised!

The guardian spirit beasts on this floor actually reached the emperor level, which gave him 15 reputation points, which was higher than the reputation of the previous floors.

As a result, his reputation has reached 616 points.

Qin Feng picked up the pass on the ninth floor with satisfaction, and flew to the temple of the gods not far away...

Soon, he entered the temple of the gods.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, twenty minutes passed.

Qin Feng walked out of the Hall of Gods with a happy face.

This time, he got a good harvest!

The Hall of Gods, the prestige has reached 500 points, and only one purchase permission can be obtained.

The bar is very high!

His reputation has reached two purchase rights.

The highest-level treasure chest sold by the Temple of God is the Dark Treasure Chest.

He bought two in one go.

As a result, there are four purple diamond treasure chests and three dark treasure chests in his hands.

He was just two dark treasure chests away from closing the epic treasure chest.

As long as the epic treasure chest is closed, he will use the helicopter card to upgrade it to a mythical treasure chest, and then use the luck card, and he will be able to open a ninth-order treasure 100%.

A ninth-order treasure!

Usually only appears in the hands of demigods.

In other words, he was only two dark treasure chests away from a ninth-order treasure.

"This time the harvest is really good!"

Qin Feng excitedly counted the harvest, and glanced at the reputation value again.

His reputation has reached 621 points.

It's progressing well!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile 0

After all the trivial matters have been dealt with, it is time for him to go to the third floor and participate in the Shengwu assessment.

Qin Feng stood on the edge of the ninth floor square, overlooking the bottom.

At this moment, he was at an altitude of 90,000 zhang, and when he entered his eyes, he saw a sea of ​​clouds churning, and Tongtian Lake could no longer be seen.

Looking straight ahead, the sun shines brightly, dyeing the sea of ​​clouds in the distance into a golden color.

He looked up at the sky again, and saw a huge black vortex above the Nine-Tiered Temple, with a diameter of 10,000 zhang, and it was slowly rotating.

If you look more closely, you will find that there are stars in the vortex.

"Hey! This vortex is..."

Qin Feng's eyes showed curiosity.

Up to now, he already knew that the sky above the entire big world was shrouded in a layer of incomparably huge enchantment.

Even the powerhouses of the ninth level of heaven cannot break through that barrier.

As for the black vortex in front of him, starlight can be seen in it, much like a gate to the starry sky.

Could this vortex be an outlet to the outside world?

Why don't you go up there and see!

Anyway, it's coming!

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng soared into the sky and flew towards the mysterious black vortex.

After a while, he flew to the vicinity, only a hundred meters away from the whirlpool.

roar~!

But at this moment, a shocking beast roar sounded in the whirlpool, causing thousands of miles of void to shake.

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng felt that he could no longer fly up.

An invisible force stopped him.

It is like an invisible wall of air, blocking the top of the head.

roar~!

In the whirlpool, the roar of the beast continued.

It seemed that there was a strange beast hidden in the vortex, and it sensed his approach.

This made Qin Feng even more surprised.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have approached the stargate area and disturbed the stargate guardian beast. 】

[Reminder: If you defeat the star gate guardian beast, you can pass through the star gate and enter the Lingtian Temple. 】

[Lingtian Temple: The place of Tianwu assessment. If the Earth-level powerhouse passes the Heavenly 5.8 martial arts assessment, they can complete the path and be promoted to the Heavenly-level powerhouse. 】

[Reminder: Your realm is insufficient, and you are not qualified to challenge the star gate guardian beast. As long as they are in the prefecture-level realm, they are qualified to enter the star gate and challenge the guardian beasts. 】

Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that this black vortex is - the star gate!

And there are guardian beasts hidden in the star gate.

By the way, he can gain prestige by killing the guardian beast of the temple.

Killing the star gate guardian beast will definitely get the prestige, and the prestige will be higher.