Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

However, he is not yet qualified to enter the star gate, because the realm is insufficient.

Then wait for him to complete the Shengwu assessment, and then come up to see it.

Of course, he wanted to explore Stargate just to gain prestige.

As for participating in the Tianwu assessment, that would have to wait for him to obtain the SSS-level bloodline talent.

Heaven-level Hedao is also divided into grades.

There are low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, top-grade, and divine grades.

If he agrees, he will naturally choose the strongest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flew down.

He is going to participate in the Holy Martial Examination

Chapter 327 The two armies face off against each other, and the killing sound is shocking!

It took Qin Feng a lot of time to harvest this reputation.

Now, there are only eight hours left before the prestige challenge ends.

Next, he will put all his thoughts into the Shengwu assessment, and strive to complete the assessment before the end of the challenge.

In fact, he still has an idea, that is, before participating in the assessment, he will acquire Miyamoto Lang's spatial talent.

That is very beneficial to his holy martial arts assessment.

According to his calculations, through the foundation of high-grade gods, the combat power must reach at least 5,200 stars.

His current combat power is 5700 stars, which is not much higher than the threshold of 5200 stars.

Therefore, he can't guarantee that he can win 100% of the first-class god-level foundation building, he can only say that the probability of passing is relatively high.

If you can get the space talent, then the probability of passing is even greater.

It's a pity that there was no movement from Long Yuan's headquarters for a long time, so he didn't bother to wait any longer, and went directly to participate in the assessment...

When Qin Feng rushed to the Holy Martial Hall, Long Yuan's headquarters finally made a move.

Outside the headquarters of Longyuan, there is a large plain called the Novice Plain.

At this time, at the western end of the plain, an army of tens of thousands appeared.

There were more than a dozen people in front of the army, including Miyamoto Lang, Amir, Edward, Ruan Fu, Park Chengxin, Monessen, and others.

The army of the Hachimura Alliance finally arrived.

At this moment, Miyamoto Lang and others were very excited.

"Nuan Fu Sang, look over there! Longyuan Village is just ahead!"

Miyamoto Lang pointed to the distance with excitement.

In the land of the plains, a horse is Pingchuan.

The headquarters of Longyuan had already appeared in their field of vision, and it was estimated that it was thirty miles away.

Ruan Fu also said excitedly: "Finally arrived! I hope this time, we can capture Longyuan Village in one fell swoop."

Miyamoto Lang laughed: "Haha! Ruan Fusang, our army of 60,000 swept Longyuan, it is not an easy task!"

Edward also interjected: "Oh! Mr. Miyamoto is right! With our strength, we can definitely sweep Longyuan!"

Park Chengxin said excitedly: "In history, the Eight Pots Allied Forces swept the Dragon Country. This time, our Eight Village Allied Forces swept Longyuan. Let them relive the history again, Smecta!"

Miyamoto Lang was overjoyed: "Yo Xi! Cheng Xinsang! You are so right!"

Ruan Fu also smiled and said, "Everyone, don't say a word! Let's go!"

"Haha! Go!"

With this order, the 60,000-strong army slaughtered at Longyuan headquarters...

A distance of more than 30 miles, at most 20 minutes, they can kill.

Now in this alliance army, the number one person is naturally Nguyen Phuc, because he is the strongest.

Although Miyamoto Lang did not establish a village, he occupied the title of No. 2 because of his powerful A-level spatial talent.

Even though he suffered too many losses before, with his spatial talent, his strength slowly caught up, second only to Ruan Fu.

And, at this rate of progress, his strength will surpass Ruan Fu sooner or later.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This is the power of space talent!

In the process of the march of the army, the end of the team.

Li Xianhu quietly opened the panel and traded a small stone to Liu Yuan...

That was the secret code he and Liu Yuan agreed upon.

As soon as the stone arrives, it means that the enemy army has arrived.

At the same time, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town, everyone was also discussing about the Eight Village Alliance.

"Brothers, it's been three or four hours since the time is calculated. Those **** from Miyamoto Lang, they should be coming soon, right?"

"Yeah! I think it's almost there too!"

"I wish they had arrived earlier, so that they could teach those ignorant guys a lesson!"

"Speaking of which, there are only 5,000 people in Longyuan's headquarters, can you resist?"

"Don't worry! Longyuan headquarters has the boss's mirage clone guarding it, absolutely no problem."

"That's right!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan jumped out.

Liu Xuan: "Brothers, when the boss comes back from the assessment, I also plan to participate in the Shengwu assessment. My current combat power is 301 stars, and my goal is to build a middle-rank foundation."

As soon as these words fell, the channel was boiling.

"Wow! Mr. Liu Xuan is awesome! The combat power has exceeded 300 stars!"

"Yeah! This is too powerful! My sister's combat power is only 161 stars."

Liu Xuan: "Hey! To tell you the truth, the Shengwu assessment is extremely difficult. Right now, I don't have much confidence in whether I can pass the mid-level foundation building assessment!"

"Boss Liu Xuan, with your 300-star combat power, you still don't have the confidence to pass the assessment?"

Liu Xuan: "This holy martial arts assessment not only depends on combat power, but also on talent. My talent is not excellent, and it is not so easy to pass the mid-level foundation building! According to my speculation, I have a 60% chance at most. "

"My God! With Liu Xuan's strength, the pass rate is only 60%!"

"It turns out that the Shengwu assessment is so difficult!"

"Yeah! This difficulty is terrifying!"

"Woo! You said that, little sister is so scared! I'm so worried that I will never be able to reach the prefecture level in my life."

"I'm so worried too! If you can't reach the Earth-level realm, you can only live to be 100 years old. If you become an Earth-level master, your life expectancy will be extended to 300 years old!"

At this moment, Qishan also came forward.

Qishan: "Little friend Liu Xuan, this old man advises you not to participate in the assessment for the time being. You don't have a talent that reaches rank A, with a 301-star combat power. It is indeed difficult to pass the mid-rank foundation building."

"You might as well wait for your combat strength to improve a little, and then go to participate in the assessment, then you will have a greater chance of passing."

Liu Xuan smiled bitterly: "Elder Qishan, I also want to improve my strength and participate in the assessment, but I can't wait. I'm already level 18. If I wait a little longer, I will exceed level 20."

"Once you exceed level 20, the difficulty of the assessment will increase by 20%. Then I will have no chance to pass the mid-level foundation building assessment! Since this is the case, I might as well try it out earlier!"

Qishan: "Liu Xuan Xiaoyou, there is a way now, so that you can greatly improve your combat power without upgrading."

Liu Xuan was surprised: "What can I do?"

Qishan: "Let's let Longyuan Town rise to level 6! As long as you reach level 6, you can get a lot of attribute rewards, and your combat power will increase!"

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "Yes! As long as you reach a level 6 town, everyone can get 3,200 attribute rewards, which is equivalent to an increase of about sixty-star combat power! If I can increase so much combat power , through the grasp of middle-grade foundation building, you can reach 80%."

Qishan: "That's what this old man means!"

"Yes! By increasing the combat power of around 60 stars, I also hope to pass the Holy Martial Examination."

"Haha! Then I also have hope!"

"Little sister also has hope!"

Lei Jue: "Hey! With this calculation, I have the hope of passing the mid-level foundation building."

Longshan: "Haha! Me too!"

"Elder Qishan is so right! It seems that it is very necessary for us to upgrade Longyuan Town!"

"Yeah! Longyuan's promotion to level 6 town has a great effect on us."

"Not only does it have a great effect on us, but also on the boss. As long as our Longyuan Town rises to level 6, there will be many people who break through the 200-star combat power, and the boss will also get a lot of feedback."

"That's right! Brothers, when we finish dealing with the current trivial matters, let's do our best to upgrade Longyuan Town!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

At this time, Qi Jie jumped out again.

Qi Jie: "Everyone, the wish is good. But have you noticed? The recent upgrade speed of our town has almost stagnated, because everyone's level is high, and almost no one is going to collect resources."

"Yes! What Qi Jie said is true!"

"Oh! What should we do? Is there a way to not only upgrade us well, but also allow the village to get a steady supply of resources?"

Qishan: "Of course! Everyone, have you forgotten? The army of the Hachimura Alliance is coming. We can capture them all and use them as slaves, which can solve our problems."

"Yes! I almost forgot about this!"

"Haha! Having said that, I am very much looking forward to the fate of the Hachimura Alliance, hoping to win them sooner."

"I didn't expect those dog things to be useful too!"

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar began to jump. ,

Liu Yuan: "Brothers, just got the information! The Hachimura Alliance army has reached the Novice Plain, and it is less than 20 minutes away from our headquarters."

"Great! It's finally here!"

"Haha! I can't wait!"

"Longyuan Headquarters brothers! Don't gather quickly! Go out and kill them!"

Suddenly, the channel cheered.

At the moment, the townspeople stationed in the headquarters of Longyuan Town quit the chat channel one after another and started to do business...

At the same time, Longyuan headquarters, inside a wooden house.

Liu Yuan looked at the mirage clone in front of him and reported his work with excitement.

"Boss, I've already informed you that everyone from the headquarters will go to the square to gather."

The Mirage clone nodded slightly: "Okay! You go and lead them to meet the enemy, and I'll be there later!"

"Yes!"

Liu Yuan complied with his promise and hurriedly left the wooden house.

He couldn't wait.

At this moment, he can't wait to get rid of that group of western white-skinned pigs and their lackeys sooner.

After Liu Yuan left, the Mirage clone opened the resource exchange channel to exchange prisoner of war orders.

This time, more than 67,000 people and 250 people came to the door, and at least 60,000 prisoners were to be captured!

He has to prepare at least more than 60,000 prisoner of war orders...

However, after Liu Yuan went out, he quickly assembled the army.

It didn't take long for Liu Yuan to lead an army of 5,000 and kill Long Yuan's headquarters.

As soon as they entered the Novice Plain, they saw the army of the Hachimura Alliance.

In the distance, the people and horses of Wuyang and Wuyang are densely lined up, there are more than 60,000 people!