Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Just looking at the momentum, it is really amazing!

But when the Longyuan people saw them, their eyes lit up with excitement, and they were already gearing up for it.

They completely ignored these 60,000 people.

At this moment, Liu Yuan was also excited.

"Brothers! Kill!"

As soon as the words fell, Liu Yuan rushed out.

"kill!"

The crowd followed closely, murderous aura, and the scene was very hot...

At the same moment, Miyamoto Lang and others also saw Liu Yuan and others.

They burst out laughing.

"Haha! The people from Longyuan Village have all come out! It turns out that they are only so few! I thought they had more than 10,000 people!"

"Where are there more than 10,000 people? Visually, there are only 5,000 people!"

"Haha! Then our number is more than twelve times theirs. This time we will definitely eat them."

"Look! Those idiots are rushing!"

Miyamoto Lang shouted: "Everyone! Let's kill them too!"

"Brothers! Kill!"

"Kill everyone!"

The crowd joined in.

At the moment, Miyamoto Lang took the lead.

The alliance army followed closely, and the 60,000-strong army was mighty, and the screams of killing were earth-shattering...

Suddenly, an astonishing scene appeared on the Novice Plain.

The two armies shouted and charged towards each other, getting closer and closer.

The momentum in the field is amazing, the killing sound is shocking, and the scene of a shocking melee is about to kick off...

It's just that one party is very large, with more than 60,000 people.

The other party had only more than 5,000 people, which seemed a little weak.

Both sides are rushing forward with all their strength!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides were less than ten miles away.

At this moment, two mysterious figures appeared on the north side of the plain.

Turgenev and Xiaoyun also arrived

Chapter Three Hundred and Twenty Eighth Chapter Tianwei crushed the audience!

At this moment, two mysterious figures appeared on the north side of the plain.

Turgenev and Xiaoyun also arrived.

"So many challengers!"

Xiao Yun looked at the two armies in front of her, her face flushed with excitement.

So many challengers represent a lot of points and gains!

"Senior, the army on the left is from Longyuan Village. The one on the right is from the Eight Village Alliance."

Turgenev introduced it seriously.

At this moment, he was also shocked by the scene in front of him.

This is the first time he has seen such a large-scale group battle!

"Looking at the number of people, the gap between the two sides is too big. The people of Longyuan Village are going to be unlucky!"

Xiao Yun stroked his beard and sighed.

Obviously, he is not optimistic about Longyuan Village.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Even if Longyuan Village is strong in individual strength, the disadvantage in numbers is too great.

Turgenev also sighed: "Yeah! The gap is too big! After this battle, Longyuan Village will probably be destroyed. By the way, senior, I have done what you asked me to do, that reputation. God card..."

"Reputation card? What is that?"

Xiao Yun looked at Turgenev with a half-smile but not a smile.

Turgenev was taken aback: "Senior, you are..."

Boom~!

Xiao Yun suddenly shot, and a palm suddenly slapped Turgenev.

Poor Turgenev didn't even have time to let out a scream, and was blasted by a palm, turning into a **** fog.

At the same time, a red light flew from the blood mist and poured into Xiaoyun's body...

Xiao Yun couldn't help narrowing his eyes, recalling the harvest brought by the red light.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

"The harvest of killing challengers is really rich!"

He put a long line to catch big fish, and today he can finally close the net.

This stupid Turgenev has always regarded him as a benefactor.

Xiao Yun thought proudly.

He was very satisfied with his layout, which also cost him a lot of time and energy.

"Sure enough! There is also a title deed card!"

Xiaoyun picked up a deed card from Turgenev's wreckage.

That is the title deed card of War Bear Village.

Xiao Yun was extremely satisfied.

A title deed card of a challenger village can be exchanged for a lot of points.

It turned out that Xiao Yun was not a member of a mysterious force. He was a member of the Xiao Clan, one of the seven guardian forces in this area.

Moreover, he is also the patriarch of the Xiao Clan, a first-level powerhouse at the heaven level.

A few days ago, he inadvertently discovered the barrier of Zhanxiong Village. With the means of his heavenly powerhouse, he broke the barrier and entered Zhanxiong Village.

At that time, Zhanxiong Village had not yet succeeded in building a village, and Turgenev's leg was also broken.

In order to put a long line to catch big fish, he did not immediately start, but helped Turgenev to regenerate his severed limbs, deceiving Turgenev's trust.

He would do so in large part because Turgenev had no detection skills to identify him.

He also had only secret contact with Turgenev.

Gradually, Turgenev also trusted him.

In the end, he had a great harvest!

Thinking of this, Xiao Yun raised his head and looked at the Long Yuan army and the alliance army ahead, showing a proud smile.

This time, he caught the big fish with long lines, and he caught it right!

Ha ha!

The Eight Village Alliance plus Longyuan Village, there are more than 70,000 challengers in nine villages!

If he kills them all, how many points will he get?

He can't even think about it!

I'm afraid that the six clans, including the Yuan clan, the Ye clan, the Cang clan, and the Zhi clan, would never have thought of it.

The biggest winners in this area are actually their Owl Clan.

Especially the head of the Yuan family, when he learned the result, he must be so angry that he vomited blood!

Yuan Kong spent a great deal of money to activate the prestige challenge order.

I'm afraid Yuan Kong will never think that all his efforts will be in vain in the end.

All of this, you have to pick the peaches yourself first.

The more Xiao Yun thought about it, the more excited he became.

"By the way, it's time to give Heng Tan an order!"

Xiao Yun seemed to have thought of something, took out a communication jade talisman, and sent out a communication message.

At the same time, in a jungle near War Bear Village.

A group of Owl people are quietly lurking there.

The leader is called Heng Tan.

At this moment, Hengtan sensed a message from the communication symbol.

When he took it out, a look of joy appeared on his face.

"Brothers, the patriarch has a message! His mission is complete, let's do it!"

"Haha! Great! I can't wait!"

The disciples of the Xiao Clan were very excited.

"Walk!"

As soon as Hengtan waved his hand, he took the lead in killing Zhanxiong Village.

The disciples followed closely behind.

Today, Turgenev's use value has been used up.

There is no need for these war bear villagers to live anymore!

It's time for their owl clan to close the net!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

One after another terrifying figures rushed into the village at a very fast speed.

After a while, screams and shouts of killing sounded one after another in the village.

"Not good! Enemy attack! There is an enemy attack!"

"Kill! Fight with them!"

"Run away!"

"Ah~!"

How can those people in Zhanxiong Village be the opponents of the guardian forces.

Suddenly, the field fell into a slaughter, and there were screams of Zhanxiong villagers everywhere...

But on the other hand, after Xiao Yun finished sending the message, he quietly walked forward.

He wants to kill these 70,000 people alone!

In his opinion, with his strength at the first level of heaven, he can do it completely, and there is absolutely no risk.

He knew too much about the strength of this batch of challengers from Blue Star.

One by one is too weak to look like!

For example, Turgenev, who he killed just now, is already the first powerhouse in Zhanxiong Village, but his combat power is only 110 stars.

With this kind of strength, among the challengers in the No. 1 area, they can also be ranked among the top three.

From this, it can be seen how bad the foundation of this group of Blue Star people is.

There was contempt in Xiao Yun's eyes.