Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He really didn't take the Blue Stars seriously.

Although Turgenev had mentioned it to him, there was a great man named Qin Feng, who was from Longyuan Village and ranked first among the challengers in Zone 1.

The first among a group of weak, where can he be strong?

In his opinion, that Qin Feng is at most the strength of the prefecture-level threshold.

Xiao Yun thought about it and walked forward.

He proudly watched the two armies in front of him rush to kill, as if God was overlooking a group of ants fighting, and there was some disdain in his eyes...

In this way, he was getting closer and closer to the two armies, and everything was silent.

At the same moment, the sound of killing is already in front of the sky!

At this time, the distance between the Longyuan army and the alliance army was only a kilometer.

On Long Yuan's side, Liu Yuan had the strongest strength and the fastest speed. He had already taken the lead, leaving the townspeople far behind.

On the side of the alliance army, more than a dozen leaders such as Ruan Fu, Miyamoto Lang, Amir, Edward, and Park Chengxin also rushed to the front, leaving those men far behind.

Seeing that, the leaders of the two sides are about to contact, and the war is about to break out!

At this time, Liu Yuan shouted: "The surrenderer will not be killed!"

As soon as these words fell, Miyamoto Lang and the others laughed.

"Haha! This fool wants us to surrender!"

"I buy it! He must be crazy!"

"Axi! The people of Longguo don't have very good brains!"

"Baga! Kill him together!"

"Kill~!"

A dozen of Miyamoto Lang roared and killed Liu Yuan together.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides met.

Miyamoto Lang, Ruan Fu, Amir, Edward, Park Chengxin and more than a dozen people shot at Liu Yuan at the same time.

A dozen people joined forces, and the momentum was extremely amazing.

For a time, swords, lights, swords and shadows, the sound of breaking through the air continued!

Liu Yuan single-handedly!

One shot swept away!

He actually used the strength of one person to swept the attack of more than a dozen opponents.

When~! When~! When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

More than a dozen figures were shaken and flew out!

Only Liu Yuan was left, standing on the spot, standing with a gun, extremely domineering.

Boom~!

Suddenly, the Eight Village Alliance and the 60,000 army were stunned.

One by one, they stopped abruptly, no longer rushing forward.

My goodness!

With only one person's strength, all their leaders were knocked out.

This man is so awesome!

And this person is obviously not Qin Feng!

Qin Feng is the first celebrity in the regional channel.

He has appeared in the channel of his avatar area, and everyone here knows it.

Miyamoto Lang and others were even more dumbfounded!

One by one lying on the ground, their mouths wide open.

They originally thought that as long as a dozen of them joined forces, even Qin Feng would not be their opponent. .

But they didn't want to, they couldn't even beat one of Qin Feng's subordinates, let alone Qin Feng himself.

In fact, Liu Yuan's combat power has reached 263 stars, which is equal to the prefecture-level threshold powerhouse.

Moreover, like Liu Yuan, there are already more than a dozen people in Longyuan Town.

In fact, the 5,000-strong army of Long Yuan can easily swept the 60,000-strong army of the alliance.

This is the difference!

At the same time, not far away.

Xiao Yun was a little surprised when he saw this scene.

His eyes fell on Liu Yuan, secretly thinking that this person should be Qin Feng.

It's been a while!

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

Boom~Long~Long!

With a burst of earth-shattering sound!

A figure through the sky flew from behind the Long Yuan army.

In the blink of an eye, the figure reached the center of the two armies.

Liu Yuan and others were surprised when they looked at them.

The boss's clone is here!

At the same moment, Miyamoto Lang and others saw the phantom avatars, and they all showed surprise.

"Qin Feng! It's Qin Feng!"

"He can fly!"

Naturally, these people didn't know that what they saw was just a feature of Qin Feng.

At this moment, the Mirage clone overlooked Miyamoto Lang and others.

Miyamoto Lang and others also looked at him.

Enemies meet, especially jealous!

"Those who surrender to slavery, live! Those who disobey, die!"

The Mirage clone spoke lightly.

Although his voice was not loud, it instantly spread to every corner, resounding in the hearts of everyone, shockingly.

But in the next second, Miyamoto Lang and the others were furious!

What are you kidding?

This guy actually wants them to surrender and become slaves!

Even if they die, they will not be slaves!

What's more, they are numerous and powerful, and it is not certain who will be a slave to whom.

At the moment, Miyamoto Rami and others roared violently.

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! Qin Feng, you are really shameless!"

Park Chengxin: "Axi! We only die standing up, never surrender to slavery."

Edward: "Fake squid!"

Suddenly, everyone in the field yelled and cursed.

Especially Miyamoto Lang and others scolded the most vigorously.

They relied on the number of people, and their courage was strong!

"Humph!"

But at this moment, a cold hum!

Boom~!

The phantom avatar suddenly erupted with supreme power, crushing the dozen or so Miyamoto Lang.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, under the might of the heavens, Ruan Fu and the others exploded their bodies one after another, turning into a fog of blood all over the sky.

Among them, only Miyamoto Lang's body was kept intact and had a magical effect.

This time, the 60,000 Alliance army was completely shocked!

One by one, their eyes widened in horror!

Qin Feng just exuded coercion, and killed more than a dozen people in Miyamoto Lang.

You must know that more than a dozen people from Miyamoto Lang are their leaders, and they are also the strongest among them!

But he was killed by Qin Feng like this!

How strong does Qin Feng have to be? !

Frightened just thinking about it!

That is incomparable fear!

At this moment, everyone looked up at the Mirage clone in horror.

Up to now, they still thought that the phantom avatar was Qin Fengxing.

In fact, Qin Feng's strength is much stronger than the Mirage clone.

"Those who surrender to slavery, live! Those who disobey, die!"

The Mirage clone spoke again.

Sixty thousand troops hesitated.

The Mirage clone snorted coldly and went wild again.

Endless dragon power radiates from him

Chapter 329 Those who do not obey will be killed without mercy!

Ow~!

A dragon roar resounds throughout the world!

Behind the phantom avatar, a phantom of the dragon suddenly appeared, covering the sky and the ground.

In the next second, the dragon slowly opened and closed his eyes, and his golden pupils exuded a mighty dragon.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, Long Wei slammed, and the earth cracked!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The whole world is shaking!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, the 60,000-strong army spewed blood and fell to the ground without exception.

In this way, the mighty army of 60,000 was suppressed by the supreme dragon power in an instant!

Liu Yuan and others were dumbfounded.

Oh my God!

The boss's avatar is too powerful!

The monstrous dragon's might just radiated, and within a second, an army of more than 60,000 people was wiped out!