Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have imagined it!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Besides, the boss's clone is so powerful.

How strong is the boss?

Thinking of this, they were instantly shocked!

At the same moment, the 60,000 troops of the Hachimura Alliance looked at the phantom avatar in horror, their eyes filled with fear, and their faces were even paler.

At this moment, the phantom avatar was in their eyes, like a demon god, invincible in the world.

And they are like a swarm of ants, vulnerable.

At this thought, their wills completely collapsed!

In fact, under the suppression of Supreme Longwei, they have lost their ability to act.

At the same time, not far away.

Xiao Yun was completely dumbfounded when she saw this scene.

Who is that man in the sky?

He was able to suppress the heaven and earth with the supreme dragon power, which is the same as the power of heaven.

This is clearly the means of a heavenly powerhouse!

Is this person a heavenly powerhouse?

See that this person came out of Longyuan Village. 527

Could it be that he is the legendary Qin Feng?

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

With such a rotten physique of the Blue Stars, how could it be possible to produce a heaven-level powerhouse in such a short period of time?

In his opinion, it is very good that the Blue Stars can give birth to a triple heaven powerhouse in such a short period of time.

It is absolutely impossible to give birth to a heavenly powerhouse!

But the fact in front of me is that the man in the sky has the strength of a heavenly powerhouse!

hiss~!

Am I underestimating the Blue Stars?

Xiao Yun took a deep breath of cold air and her expression became solemn.

Now, he suspects that the man in the sky is the legendary Qin Feng!

If so, he really underestimated Qin Feng!

It seems that today's network closing operation will not go smoothly.

However, he will not give up.

After finally encountering so many challengers, how could he just miss it.

As for Qin Feng?

snort!

Even if this Qin Feng has heaven-level strength, so what?

To him, at most, this Qin Feng has just stepped into the threshold of the heaven level, and is the bottom existence in the heaven level.

After all, the Lanxing people are human beings in the world of Xiaoqian, and it is absolutely impossible for them to be strong after coming to this world.

And he has stepped into the first level of heaven for many years, and his combat power can reach 2800 stars.

This kind of strength is easy to deal with the threshold of heaven.

Thinking of this, Xiao Yun breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he strode forward.

Greed and arrogance made him selectively think that he would be stronger.

He didn't know that his choice would bring devastating disaster.

He didn't even know that the man in the sky was just a clone of Qin Feng.

If Qin Feng's body is here, he can be killed with a backhand.

In this way, Xiaoyun continued to approach the two armies, and everything was silent.

At this moment, the voice of the phantom clone came from the front.

"Liu Yuan!"

"Subordinates are here!"

"Take someone to deal with these guys! Surrender to slavery, live! Disobedient, die!"

As soon as the Mirage clone waved, a storage ring flew towards Liu Yuan.

Liu Yuan took a look at it, and his face immediately showed joy.

I saw that the storage ring was densely packed with more than 60,000 prisoner of war orders.

At the moment, he waved to everyone behind him.

"Brothers! Interrogate these white-skinned pigs and their lackeys one by one. Those who are willing to surrender will be spared their lives. Those who are unwilling to surrender will be killed!"

"Yes!"

The crowd roared!

Immediately, Liu Yuan led the 5,000-strong army, rushed into the alliance army, grabbed Baipi, Asan, Sakurajima, and sticks, and asked them on the spot.

To surrender or not to obey?

Anyone who hesitates a little will be killed with one sword without mercy!

Poor those dogs, they have long been paralyzed and have no power to fight back.

Suddenly, blood splattered in the field, screaming again and again.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Ah~! Ah~! Ah~!

At this moment, screams and screams echoed.

When the alliance army saw that Liu Yuan and others were really here, they were so frightened that they begged for mercy, and no one hesitated.

"Forgive your life! Forgive your life! I surrender! I am willing to surrender!"

"Don't kill me! Please don't kill me! I am willing to be your slave!"

"Woo! I am willing to surrender! Just please don't kill me!"

Suddenly, there was a wailing in the field!

A large number of people were shocked, their mentality collapsed, and they desperately begged for mercy.

Of course, there are some diehards who are still stubborn when they die.

At this moment, a western white-skinned person shouted: "I'm a jerk! You people from the Dragon Kingdom are too cruel! Everyone is from the Blue Star, you can't... ah!"

Before the words were finished, the white skin was split in half by a Longyuan townsman, and blood flowed all over the floor.

The stick on the side screamed in fright: "Axi! I surrender! I surrender!"

"Axi, your uncle! Die for Lao Tzu!"

Another Longyuan townsman slashed at the stick.

The stick screamed: "I have surrendered, why do you still kill me?"

"Cao Nima! You call Asi, even if you surrender, you have to die! Die!"

The irascible townspeople raised their swords and fell, slashing down.

puff~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That stick was split in half on the spot!

On the other side, another white skin shouted: "Oh! God! I surrender! I surrender! You must be kind to the prisoners!"

Before the white man could finish speaking, he was cut in half by a Longyuan townsman.

"Mad! I don't want you to surrender? Do you want to be treated well?! Courting death!"

The Longyuan townsman cursed and walked to the next prisoner.

This scene made the surrounding Baipi, Asan, Bangzi, and Sakurajima completely dumbfounded.

It is no longer a question of whether they should surrender, but that they must surrender, and the tone and attitude of surrender must be extremely humble and obedient.

If your tone is a little bit wrong, you have to die!

Suddenly, the prisoners in the audience were completely terrified. One shivered, and they all surrendered immediately. No one dared to hesitate, and no one dared to make a noise.

"Those who are willing to surrender to slavery will all kneel on the ground!"

"Those who dare to refute, kill!"

"Those who dare to hesitate, kill!"

"Whoever dares to kneel in an improper posture, kill!"

"Whoever dares to look up half an inch, kill!"

At this time, Liu Yuan shouted loudly, shaking the audience.

The prisoners were terrified, and they hurriedly knelt down one by one, their foreheads pressed against the ground, their postures were very upright, and they did not dare to raise their heads for half an inch.

Seeing this, Liu Yuan was very satisfied.

Then, he took out a large number of prisoner-of-war orders from the storage ring and distributed them to the townspeople.

When the townspeople got the prisoner of war order, they began to let the prisoners of war drop their blood and melt the order.

As long as those prisoners of war merge with the prisoner of war order, they will become slaves of Longyuan Town, and they will not betray for life

In the air, the Mirage clone saw this scene with a satisfied smile on his face.

It seems that this time the matter has been dealt with for the most part.

Right now, he has one more thing to deal with.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone beckoned and sucked Miyamoto Lang's corpse into his hand from below.

But instead of extracting it right away, he directly stuffed it into the storage ring.

After doing this, he turned to look at the bushes a hundred feet away.

I saw a strange shadow behind the bushes, it was Xiao Yun who came quietly.

Suddenly, the two of them looked at each other!

Xiao Yun was stunned.

He didn't expect that the phantom clone found himself so quickly.

But the secret technique he used - the breath-holding technique, covered the breath of the whole body.

After using this secret, even if he is 30 feet closer to some heaven-level powerhouses, he will not necessarily be discovered.

Now, under the cover of the bushes, he wanted to get closer to the mirage.

But I didn't want to, the two sides were a hundred feet apart, and they were discovered.

Xiao Yun was disappointed.

He also planned to sneak up on the Mirage clone after quietly approaching, but he didn't expect the plan to fail.

It seems that this kid has awakened the talent of the six senses!

Xiao Yun sighed helplessly.