Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

How could Xiao Yun be the opponent of the Mirage clone!

This time, Xiao Yun finally woke up after being split into the air.

As soon as he stabilized his body, he looked at the phantom avatar in horror.

Heavenly Level Two!

This guy's strength has completely reached the second level of heaven!

I really did not expect that such a formidable challenger would be born in District 1 in such a short period of time.

Doesn't it mean that District 1 is the weakest district in this area?

In short, this time it is a kick to the iron plate!

Thinking of this, Xiao Yun knew that he couldn't get any benefits, so he could only walk.

However, it doesn't matter.

He already knew the address of Longyuan Village.

After returning, he invited other guardian forces to join forces to attack Longyuan Village, and he would definitely be able to recover the lost face today.

"Little thief! You wait for the old man!"

Leaving these harsh words, Xiao Yun turned around and was about to leave.

Mirage clone sneered: "Since it's here! Don't leave!"

Xiao Yun was stunned.

Immediately, he laughed loudly.

"Haha! Little thief! You are so arrogant! Although you have the strength of the second level of heaven, the strength of this old man is also close to the peak of the first level of heaven. You are not much stronger than the old man. The old man wants to leave, but you can't keep it! "

"yes?"

The corners of the Mirage clone's mouth twitched coldly.

"Ah!"

Xiao Yun was too lazy to speak, and turned around and was about to run away.

In his opinion, as long as he runs away desperately, the phantom avatar will never be able to keep himself.

After all, the strength gap between the two sides has not yet reached the level of crushing.

At most he was injured.

But as long as he escapes, he can get revenge.

"Boss, that old guy is going to escape!"

Below, Liu Yuan was a little anxious when he saw this scene.

The old man knew the address of Long Yuan's headquarters, and he absolutely couldn't let him go back, otherwise there would be endless troubles.

"He can't escape!"

The Mirage clone did not move and took out a corpse, which was Miyamoto Lang's corpse.

He is about to extract spatial talent.

In fact, even if he had no spatial talent, he could still keep Xiao Yun.

With his wind talent and speed talent, Xiao Yun had absolutely no chance of escape.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

0

It will only be slowly destroyed by him to death!

However, it is naturally better to have one more innate ability...

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone began to extract the corpse.

Om~!

The next second, his palm lit up with a dazzling white light...

At the same time, over Tongtian Lake, the Temple of Vientiane.

Qin Feng fell from the sky and rushed all the way from the ninth hall back to the third hall.

At this moment, he landed on Shengwu Square, put away the wings of the wind, and walked towards the entrance of the temple in front.

He is going to participate in the Holy Martial Examination!

In just a moment, he walked beside the entrance and was about to step into the door of light...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Successful extraction of avatars endlessly! You have acquired an A-level talent - Space Control. 】

huh~!

A white light flew from the void and poured into Qin Feng's body.

He immediately sensed that he had acquired a talent for space.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Finally got the space talent.

In this way, he is only one time talent away from the SSS-level chaos talent.

As long as he gets the time talent again, he can combine the nine-element talent, space talent, and time talent together to get the SSS-level chaos talent.

If this is successful, his strength will undergo earth-shaking progress.

By the way, generally obtaining a space talent will awaken a space skill.

I don't know what space skills will I awaken?

Is it teleportation?

Generally, after awakening space talent, more than 90% of awakened skills are instantaneous.

Only when this thought came up, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: During the process of awakening your space talent, you awakened the space skill - Space Summoning. 】

[Space Summoning: Regardless of any spatial distance, you can summon your clone or contract servant to your side in a single thought. At the same time, you can also summon in reverse. 】

[Reminder: Reverse summoning can appear in front of contract servants or clones in a single thought. 】

[Reminder: This skill, clones can be controlled equally. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Ha ha!

This space skill is really useful to him, even more practical than space teleportation.

What's more, Xiao Luan'er has mastered teleportation, and he can borrow it.

This so-called space summon, as long as he needs it in the future, he can summon Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and major clones thousands of miles away in a single thought.

In the same way, he can also be summoned in the reverse direction and appear beside Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, etc., thousands of miles away.

All of this can be accomplished with just one thought.

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction, and stepped into the door of light in front...

At the same time, Longyuan Headquarters, above the Novice Plain.

After the phantom clone extracted the body, a happy expression appeared on his face.

Then, with a wave of his hand, Rami Miyamoto's corpse was shaken into a **** fog...

The next second, he chased and killed Xiao Yun.

At that moment, his wind element talent and speed talent were fully activated, and his speed reached a terrifying level.

Xiao Yun was startled when she heard the rapid sound of breaking through the air behind her, and couldn't help but look back.

But as soon as he turned around, he saw the Mirage clone chasing and killing him.

What a great speed!

Xiao Yun was horrified, almost dumbfounded.

Such a terrifying speed, I am afraid that the third level of heaven is just like this.

Boom~!

Before he could think about it, the phantom avatar shot at him.

"Damn!"

Xiao Yun was shocked and angry, and hurriedly greeted him with his sword.

But at this moment, the phantom mirage distracted and activated a space call.

huh~!

Above Xiao Yun's head, the space was distorted for a while, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

That is the Moon Spirit clone!

It turned out that the Mirage clone summoned the Moon Spirit clone.

Without waiting for Xiaoyun to think about it, Yueling's clone shot at Xiaoyun.

Swish~!

At the same moment, the Mirage clone also slashed at Xiao Yun.

The two avatars joined forces to strike, the momentum is shocking, and it is extremely terrifying

Chapter 331 Unexpected Surprise Harvest

what happened?

Xiao Yun suddenly saw Yueling's clone, and his face changed greatly with fright.

He sensed that the aura of the Moon Spirit clone was not under the phantom clone at all.

These two avatars are stronger than him, and with such a combination, the momentum will destroy the world.

In panic, he hurriedly raised his sword to the sidebar.

Boom~!

A loud bang!

Xiao Yun screamed and was blasted down from a thousand feet in the air, hitting the ground ruthlessly.

Only the ground cracked, and the pit was hundreds of feet deep!

While you are sick! kill you!

Swish~! Swish~!

The two clones flashed and chased down at the same time.

A few seconds later, Xiao Yun crawled out of the pothole covered in blood.

But before he could catch his breath, the two clones were killed.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, a fierce fight broke out in the field, killing the sky and the earth in darkness, the sun and the moon were dark.

Liu Yuan and others were stunned when they saw it.

In just a moment, in the yellow sand that filled the sky, there was an incomparably shrill scream...

At the same moment, Qin Feng, who was thousands of miles away, received a reminder from Tiandao...

[Your clone killed the guardian (the first level of the sky), and you got +2671 attributes, +39.34 million energy points, and +613 points. 】

[Your clone killed the guardian (Tier 1) and exploded a land deed card (Owl Clan's Nest)]

Qin Feng was excited when he received this information.