Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

good! good!

From this point of view, these shadow boots are considered to be the best among the second-order items.

Qin Feng was delighted and quickly put on the shadow boots.

When he put it on, he felt a very good fit, and an invisible force came from the shadow boots and poured into his body.

The next second, he felt that his body was more agile.

Qin Feng knew that it was the agility +15 of the shadow boots, which played a role, and its attributes were superimposed on him.

That feeling is very comfortable!

With another piece of top-quality equipment, his strength has grown stronger.

Having said that, he has been equipped with five pieces of equipment.

They are: Tier 4 Wind Scar Blade, Tier 2 Bear King Battle Armor, Tier 2 Shadow Boots, Tier 1 Power Bracelet, Tier 1 Storage Ring.

With so much equipment, few people in the entire No. 1 area can match him.

[Announcement: The two novice village chat channels have been connected successfully. Villagers on both sides can enter each other's chat channels, but they do not have the right to speak. 】

[Reminder: After ten minutes, start resource betting. Start the countdown 10:00…9:59…]

The connection was successful!

Qin Feng's heart was moved, and he quickly entered the chat channel and switched to the chat channel of Village No. 446.

As soon as he entered, he saw the people of Ah Sanguo, already jubilant.

"Haha! Finally the parallel connection is successful!"

"This time, we must defeat the people of the Dragon Kingdom! Let them know that they are the sick man in Asia, and we are the first power in Asia!"

"Upstairs! We can definitely win!"

"Of course! We have the great Lord Amir, how could we possibly lose?"

At this moment, the head of a bearded man named Salman jumped.

Salman: "Everyone, I am Lord Amir's most loyal follower. Now, Lord Amir needs your help!"

"What help? Lord Salman, speak up!"

Salman: "The level 8 vicious beast area is a jungle with lush foliage, and it is very troublesome to find vicious beasts. Lord Amir, you need to help them find vicious beasts, so that he can speed up the efficiency of his hunt for vicious beasts."

"I understand! Everyone, take action, go to the level 8 fierce beast area and help Lord Amir find the beast."

"God! Going to the level 8 beast area? It's an extremely dangerous place, and we don't dare to go there at all!"

"Yeah! I'm only level 1, I'm afraid I'll die on the road before I reach the level 8 vicious beast zone."

Salman: "Don't go below level 3, but go in a team above level 3. Everyone forms a team of 20."

"That's a good idea! Everyone above level 3 should take action. By the way, Lord Salman, each team should appoint a captain, right?"

Salman: "Well! It makes sense! You form your own team. The one with the highest level and the strongest strength can be the captain!"

"Oh! Lord Salman, your proposal is wrong. It shouldn't just look at rank and strength, but also caste. Like I was born in a noble Brahmin, how can I be a little brother to a pariah?"

"That's right! If my captain was born a pariah, no matter how powerful he is, I wouldn't want to follow him. I am a noble Kshatriya!"

"Yes! Untouchables are untouchables! No matter how high the rank is, they are untouchables. They are not worthy of being the captain of our high caste."

"You bastards! This is not Blue Star, this is Killing World. For this reason, you still tell me about caste!"

"What's wrong with Blue Star upstairs? Don't you belong to our Ah Sanguo? Do you want to betray our Ah Sanguo? Everyone, have you seen it? The pariahs upstairs want to betray our Ah Sanguo!"

At this moment, there was a fierce quarrel within Ah Sanguo.

At this time, Salman jumped out again.

Salman: "Alright! Alright! Stop arguing! Let me announce that the selection of the captain is based on rank and strength first, followed by background. Untouchables are not qualified to be captains."

Salman: "Everyone must obey this rule, which is what Lord Amir meant. If the pariah dares to violate it, Lord Amir will execute him!"

As soon as these words came out, there was cheers in the chat channel.

"Wow~! Lord Amir is so wise!"

"That's right! That's the choice!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng shook his head slightly.

The caste oppression and internal tearing of the three kingdoms is evident.

But they just claim to be a country of democracy and freedom, what a wonderful thing!

Salman: "Okay! Everyone, hurry up and form a team, hurry up to the level 8 fierce beast area to help!"

"Lord Salman, we are already in action!"

"Lord Salman, what level progress is Lord Amir now?"

Arman: "He is now level 7 (170/18000)!"

"My God! It takes 18,000 energy points to rise to level 8!"

"Horrible! This is really scary!"

Salman: "So Lord Amir needs everyone's help. Relying on him to find the beasts alone, I don't know when I will be able to upgrade to level 8."

Salman: "But don't worry! If you kill a level 8 beast, you can get around 300 energy points. With the strength of Lord Amir, you can easily kill a level 8 beast."

"Of course! Lord Amir is a dual talent. He has awakened a B-level and a C-level talent, and he is an ascetic who has opened the tenth door of yoga music, and his strength is extremely powerful."

"Yeah! As long as Lord Amir is willing, he can fight against level 9 beasts. However, in order to level up quickly, he chose to hunt down level 8 beasts."

Salman: "So, after you find the beast, you only need to report the coordinates, and you don't need to fight against the beast. Lord Amir will arrive as soon as possible. Therefore, you will not be in much danger."

"Haha! We know! Everyone rush!"

"Rush! Rush to the level 8 vicious beast zone!"

"Defeat the people of the Dragon Kingdom! Defeat those sick men!"

"Haha! We win! We absolutely win!"

At this moment, the people of Ah Sanguo cheered, as if victory had already been achieved.

Some of the people of Longguo who peeped at the screen also had sad faces.

That Amir is indeed too powerful.

Qin Feng sneered in secret.

These Asan are too self-righteous.

Chapter 41 Unity

Thinking of this, Qin Feng switched to chat channel 911.

As soon as I entered, I saw that there was a lot of noise inside.

"Hey! The Amir on the opposite side is not only a dual-talented powerhouse, but also a mysterious ascetic cultivator. He is so powerful that he can even single out a level 9 beast!"

"Yeah! That guy went to the level 8 fierce beast area in order to level up faster. I thought he rushed from the level 7 area to the level 8 area. It turns out that he returned from the level 9 area to the level 8 area."

"My God! So powerful!"

"Of course! By the way, there are two talents he awakened, one is C-rank, and the other has reached B-rank!"

"God! This is too scary! It seems that our village has only awakened 2 C-level talents, not even a B-level talent."

"Hey! What about this? The strongest Lord Qin Feng in our village is only level 6! With his strength, can he kill level 7 beasts?"

"Uh! We haven't seen Boss Qin Feng make a move! However, it is impossible for a level 6 human to kill a level 6 beast, let alone a level 7 beast. I think the boss Qin Feng may not be able to kill a level 7 beast. !"

"Woo~! Woo~! This is terrible! That Amir is someone who can kill level 9 beasts, and he has all risen to level 7."

"Upstairs, don't be pessimistic! Let's unite, help Qin Feng, and help him quickly rise to level 8!"

"That's right! Unity! Let's unite together! Until the end, we will never admit defeat!"

"That's right! Let's contact Qin Feng and ask him what help he needs. Our whole village will do our best to cooperate!"

"Boss Qin Feng, are you there? Come out quickly!"

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Upstairs, stop shouting! What's the use even if Qin Feng comes out? Qin Feng and Amir on the opposite side are obviously not on the same level, and the difference in strength is too great. Our village is lost!"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan! It's you again who's bad-mouthing!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! I'm not lying, I'm telling the truth. Do you think Qin Feng can kill a level 9 beast? He is only level 6 now, and the opponent is level 7. Do we have any hope of winning?"

Wu Yong: "Humph! As long as we work together, there will be hope!"

Liu Yuan: "You are self-hypnosis! Respect the reality! You can't win with your mouth. If you want me to see, everyone should give up! Do your own thing! If you lose, 20 attributes will be deducted and resources will be halved. , everything is back to its original shape!"

Wu Yong: "If you admit defeat! You admit defeat alone, we are not willing to admit defeat!"

"That's right! We Dragon Country people are not cowards! We will never admit defeat if we don't fight until the last moment!"

"That's right! I will never admit defeat!"

"This girl won't admit defeat! I don't want to lose 20 attributes, and I don't want to lose half of our village's resources!"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At this moment, everyone agreed, and the group was excited.

At this moment, Qin Feng's avatar jumped.

Qin Feng: "Don't worry! We will definitely win!"

As soon as these words came out, the whole audience was fried!

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng! Boss Qin Feng has appeared!"

"Haha! That's great! That's great!"

"Boss Qin Feng said he would win! Then he will definitely win!"

"That's right! We believe in Boss Qin Feng!"

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, what help do you need? As long as you say it, our whole village will cooperate with you!"

Longshan: "That's right! Boss Qin Feng, if you need anything, just mention it!"

At this moment, both Liu Xuan and Longshan came out to speak.

Everyone was very excited.

Qin Feng: "Speaking of which, I really need your help."

Wu Yong: "Boss Qin Feng, do you need us to help you find the beasts? If necessary, we'll go immediately! Is it a level 6 beast zone? Or a level 7 beast zone?"

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, Longshan and I can also assist you in killing beasts and increase your speed of killing monsters!"

Qin Feng: "I don't need these help. If possible, I need you to provide more corpses of level 5 beasts, as well as various level 1 spirit herbs and spirit fruits, I need them all."

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, what do you want these for?"

Qin Feng: "I can't explain it now! In short, these things can speed up my killing speed. If you trust me, go and help me get these things, and then trade them through the trading channel."

Qin Feng: "The trading rules, I'll change it appropriately. Two rank 5 ferocious beast corpses can be exchanged for a rank 1 steel knife. Three rank 1 spirit grasses or a rank 1 spirit fruit can be exchanged for a rank 1 steel knife."

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, we believe in you! I, Longshan, and Wu Yong will go to the level 5 beast area now to hunt the beasts!"

Wu Yong: "By the way, if you are level 3 or above, let's go to the level 5 fierce beast area together, hunt down the level 5 beasts, and provide the corpse for Qin Feng boss!"

"Mr. Wu Yong's suggestion is right! Everyone, act! Hurry up and form a team! Who wants to form a team with me!"

"I!"

"I also need to go!"

"Level 1 and 2 players, we can't go to the 5th level area, we are in the 1st level and 2nd level area, looking for 1st level spirit fruit, spirit flower, spirit grass. These things can also help Qin Feng boss! "

"Good idea! Upstairs, you are too smart!"

"Woo~woo! Our level 1 and 2 are finally useful!"

"Haha! This time, our level 1 can also contribute to the gambling!"

"Everyone act! Hurry up! Cooperate with Qin Feng boss!"