Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, the novice plain, the battle scene.

When the yellow sand in the sky dissipated, Liu Yuan and others saw it, and the bodies of Xiao Yun and others were lying quietly on the ground.

The crowd suddenly cheered!

"Haha! Great! Beheaded! The boss beheaded him!"

"Yeah! I didn't expect that the boss's clone was so powerful that he killed a heaven-level powerhouse in such a short period of time. Before, I was worried that the old man had escaped."

"Hoo~! The hidden danger is finally cleared up!"

Liu Yuan and the others let out a long sigh of relief, their hearts filled with joy.

The prisoners lying on the ground were even more horrified.

This time, they witnessed with their own eyes that the two clones joined forces to kill a heavenly powerhouse.

When they saw that the Mirage avatar and the Yueling avatar looked exactly the same, they both looked like Qin Feng, and when they heard Liu Yuan's words, they suddenly wanted to understand one thing.

It turned out that the two guys who existed like demon gods were just Qin Feng's avatars.

Suddenly, they were completely desperate, and the last trace of luck in their hearts was also wiped out.

"Brothers, hurry up! Receive slaves!"

At this time, Liu Yuan's voice came from the front.

Everyone in Longyuan responded with a bang, and officially began to collect slaves.

At the same moment, on the battlefield.

The two clones looked at the corpse on the ground with joy on their faces.

Then, Yueling clone turned around and flew to Longyuan headquarters.

He is going to take the teleportation array and rush back to the headquarter of the Clan to be stationed.

The phantom avatar descended from the sky, came to Xiaoyun's body, began to collect the spoils, and extracted the body.

After a while, he got a land deed card, a sixth-order long sword, and a storage ring.

Afterwards, he extracted the corpse and obtained the sixth-order skill Breath Containment, as well as 100 attribute points.

This time, the harvest is very rich.

At this moment, Liu Yuan came over excitedly.

"Boss, the slave thing was handled smoothly. Those white skins and their lackeys don't even have the idea of ​​resisting. Also, this is the title deed card of their village."

Liu Yuan held eight land deed cards and handed them over.

That is the title deed cards of Yuelong Village, Dengta Village, and Cosmic Bangbang.

The Mirage clone happily took the deed card.

After Qin Feng gets the title deed card of the challenging force, it cannot be exchanged for points.

However, after a drop of blood recognizes the master, you can get the resource exchange library of the challenging force, which can be regarded as a way of looting resources.

At the same time, you can also gain control over the opponent's site.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone put away the title deed card, and these are waiting for the main body to deal with it.

"Liu Yuan, go and deal with those slaves!"

"Yes!"

Liu Yuan took orders and left.

The Mirage clone released a ball of golden flames, turning Xiaoyun's body into ashes.

After dealing with these trivial matters, he picked up Xiao Yun's storage ring and checked it.

"Hey! This land Cheka..."

The Mirage clone took out a deed card from the storage ring.

[Land Deed Card (War Bear Village): The Deed Card of the Challenger Force]

Uh~!

The Mirage clone was stunned.

This is actually the title deed card of Zhanxiong Village!

Immediately, he showed a sudden look.

No wonder the head of the Xiao family appeared here, presumably it had something to do with Turgenev.

Now, the title deed card is here.

Presumably Turgenev has been killed, so Zhanxiong Village must be more fortunate.

That being said, he had to go to Zhanxiong Village to investigate.

Maybe, he can also harvest a batch of energy and attribute points.

Having said that, the Xiao Clan is much stronger than the Qi Clan. In addition to Xiao Yun, who is at the first level of heaven, there are also three top-level powerhouses in the clan.

In a word, the appearance of this owl clan has endangered Longyuan headquarters.

He must go to Zhanxiong Village to check the specific situation.

Thinking of this, he put away the title deed card of Zhanxiong Village, and glanced at the storage ring again.

"Hey! This God Card is"

Soon, he made a new discovery, and took out a golden card from the storage ring.

[Prestige God Card: Tier 7 God Card, after use, you can get 20 reputation. 】

[Reminder: Only challengers have permission to use it. Use limit: ten. 】

Boom~!

The Mirage clone is shaking!

20 reputation ah!

This is exactly what the ontology needs.

Currently, the prestige challenge is still going on.

Today, the reputation of the ontology is 621 points, and 60,000 attribute rewards can be obtained.

If the reputation of the main body reaches 700 points, then you can get 80,000 attribute rewards!

This card is so powerful!

After the phantom clone is excited, check the storage ring again.

Seeing this, he was elated.

There is even a Prestige God card in the storage ring.

Accumulated together, a total of 6.

If this is used for the main body, the proper reputation will exceed 700 points, and the 80,000-point attribute reward will be determined.

The phantom avatar is excited to think about it.

He quickly opened the trading channel and traded 6 prestige cards to Qin Feng

As the mayor's clone, you can also use various channel functions.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After dealing with this, the Mirage clone is in a good mood.

Killing Xiaoyun this time, the harvest is too great, completely beyond expectations!

After rejoicing, he said hello to Liu Yuan, and then rushed towards Zhanxiong Village alone.

At the same moment, the Temple of Vientiane.

The third floor, Shengwu Hall, was very lively inside.

Thousands of people have gathered in the huge hall.

These are all to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

The most lively place in the Temple of Vientiane is the third floor.

At this moment, somewhere in the hall.

Qin Feng is secretly adding points.

Not long ago, the clone beheaded Xiao Yun, allowing him to obtain 2671 attributes.

This is not a small gain!

In just a moment, the attribute points were added, and his combat power reached 4750 stars.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, and he happily opened the trading channel, and took out six prestige cards from it.

As soon as he saw the Shenka, he was excited.

He and the avatar are two bodies and one mind, you don't need to look to know what it is.

Immediately, he found a remote corner with no one, took out a divine card, broke his fingers and dripped blood on it.

Om~!

The Shenka trembled slightly, exuding a faint aura.

0.4 In the next second, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

【Use the Prestige God Card successfully! You have gained 20 reputation! Your reputation accumulated to 641 points]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

It really works!

Then, he took out the second one...

【Use the Prestige God Card successfully! You have gained 20 reputation! Your reputation has accumulated to 661 points]

【Use the Prestige God Card successfully! You have gained 20 reputation! Your reputation accumulated to 681 points]

【Use the Prestige God Card successfully! You have gained 20 reputation! Your reputation accumulated to 701 points]

In a blink of an eye, all six divine cards were used up.

Qin Feng's reputation has reached 741 points.

The 80,000-point attribute reward is in hand.

This time, he was in a good mood.

Whoo~!

These trifles are finally over!

It's time to take the exam!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he walked in the direction of the divine grade assessment.

Chapter 332 Divine Grade Assessment

At this time, there was a commotion in the hall.

There are many people who come to participate in the Shengwu assessment, so the on-site test needs to be lined up.

However, even if you have to queue, there are areas.

The most people participated in the low-grade foundation building assessment, about four or five thousand people, and the queue was the longest.

The second is the mid-level foundation assessment, with about six or seven hundred people.

Hundreds of people were queuing for the top-grade foundation building assessment.

There are only a dozen people queuing for the top-quality foundation building assessment.

As for the Divine Grade Foundation Establishment Assessment, there is no one, there is no need to queue at all, and it is the most time-saving.