Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode over.

He had another thought in his mind.

If he can complete the holy martial arts assessment before the end of the reputation assessment, he still has time to challenge the star gate guardian beast.

Maybe he can gain some prestige.

If he is lucky, he is also expected to hit 800 reputation.

After all, his current reputation value is 741 points, which is only 59 points away from 800 points. It's not that there is no chance.

If you can really reach 800 reputation points, the challenge reward can skyrocket to 100,000 attribute points.

This is kind of scary!

In the same way, the Yuan clan will reward one and ten, and be deducted 1 million attribute points, and the end will be miserable.

Of course, these are just Qin Feng's personal expectations.

People are not enough to swallow elephants!

If Keren 10 has no ambition, his achievements are limited.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng walked to the vicinity of the **** test monument.

His move immediately attracted the attention of everyone around him.

"Look at that young man! He's going to the divine grade assessment!"

"Haha! Another curious mind! There are too many people like this, and one or two will pop up every day."

"Yeah! Some people can't even pass the top-grade qualification examination, but they go to test the god-grade qualifications. I really don't understand, what kind of mentality do these people have?"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"What state of mind? Daydreaming!"

Many people are gossiping, and their tone is full of jokes about watching a good show.

If you want to pass the qualification review of the gods, you must have at least one talent that reaches S rank, the combat power reaches 700 stars or more, and the cultivation base is the realm of human level.

If there is only A-level talent, then the combat power must reach more than 1000 stars, and the cultivation base is human-level realm, in order to pass the qualification review.

Under such conditions, I am afraid that among a trillion people, no one can achieve it.

They didn't believe that this young man who appeared out of nowhere would be one of those trillions.

Qin Feng is naturally too lazy to pay attention to those rumors.

In just a moment, he walked to the **** test monument.

Looking at the white jade stone tablet in front of him, he couldn't help taking a deep breath.

A few days ago, he came to test, but unfortunately he failed the audit that time.

This time, it should be fine!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke his finger and squeezed out a drop of dark red blood.

"Look! That kid broke his finger and blood clotted!"

"Damn it! He really wants to test! I thought he was just going to see the monument, but I didn't expect it to be true."

"Haha! This kid, I've been staring at him for a long time. After he came in, he didn't go to test the low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, and super-grade, but went straight to the god-grade."

"So exaggerated? How confident is that!"

"Confidence? I think it's arrogance!"

"Haha! Just watch! I can guarantee that this kid will run away in a while! Haha!"

But before the laughter stopped, a sudden change appeared in front of him.

I saw Qin Feng flick his index finger lightly.

pat~!

With a soft sound, blood beads fell on the monument.

In the next second, the stele vibrated and burst into dazzling light, which shocked the audience.

Everyone followed the sound.

When I saw the test **** tablet shining brightly, it made a cheerful vibrating sound.

The next second, on the stele, four golden characters appeared - [Qualification Passed].

Boom~!

This time, the audience was shocked!

Fuck it~!

Qualification passed!

This is a divine qualification test!

Before, those who were making rumors, all of them with their mouths open, all showed disbelief.

But before they thought about it, a golden light flew out from the test tablet and poured into Qin Feng's body.

The reminder of the hall spirit also echoed over the hall.

[Congratulations on passing the divine grade qualification review. Before level 40, you have three chances to enter this examination room and participate in the divine grade foundation building assessment. 】

Boom~!

There was an uproar!

Countless people cast envious glances at Qin Feng.

And Qin Feng didn't stop, walked directly into the test light door, and disappeared from everyone's sight.

This time, the whole place became quiet.

After so many days, it was the first time they saw that someone could pass the qualification review of the divine product.

After a while, everyone came back to their senses and sighed.

"My God! I always thought that no one would be able to pass the divine qualification test, and no one would have done it."

"Yeah! That young man is so strong!"

"It's really strong! However, passing the qualification review does not mean that you can pass the divine grade assessment."

"That's the truth! I heard that out of ten people who passed the qualification examination, only one person can pass the low-level god-level test. As for the middle level god-level test, it is estimated that only one in a hundred people will come out."

"What about the first-class **** test?"

"The assessment of the superior gods is terrifying. Only one in ten thousand people can come out."

"Hey~! This is too exaggerated! Those who can pass the qualification examination for divine grades are all peerless geniuses. According to you, only one person out of 10,000 peerless geniuses can reach the high-level divine grade examination!"

"Hey! I'm just hearsay! Having said that, few gods and goddesses can do the foundation building of the first-class gods!"

"Yeah! It's hard to say whether the person just now can pass the inferior divine grade assessment."

"Low-level god-grade foundation building! One-tenth of the success rate! It's really difficult!"

Everyone is mourning...

But on the other side, Qin Feng stepped into the door of light and felt a whirlwind.

In the next second, he had his feet firmly on his feet and arrived at the assessment venue.

He looked up quickly, and found himself in an empty hall, surrounded by closed doors.

At this moment, the sky above the hall sounded the reminder of Heavenly Dao.

【You have stepped into the examination room space for the Divine Grade Foundation Establishment Assessment】

[The time flow rate of this space is ten times that of the outside world, ten hours have passed in this space, and one hour has passed outside. 】

[In this space, players don't have to worry about death! Even if you die during the assessment, you can still be resurrected. Please do your best to give full play to your abilities, so that you are more likely to pass the examination. 】

Hearing the second prompt, Qin Feng was a little surprised. 137

It seems that this assessment is a bit dangerous!

There is a risk of death!

However, even if he dies, Tiandao will revive the player, which saves the player's worries.

At this time, Tiandao's prompt came again.

[The assessment in this field adopts a points system, and those whose total points reach the standard can pass the assessment. Those who do not meet the standard are considered failures. During the assessment, 10 points will be deducted for each death. 】

hiss~!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

It seems that death is also unacceptable, which will lower the evaluation.

[Entering this exam room for the first time, the difficulty defaults to upper difficulty. Those who pass the assessment can obtain the first-class divine grade foundation. 】

[The first test fails, and the second time you enter, the difficulty will be automatically lowered to medium difficulty. Those who pass can get a medium-grade god-level foundation. 】

[The second test fails, the third time you enter, the difficulty will be automatically lowered to a lower difficulty level. Those who pass can obtain the foundation of the lower-level divine grade. 】

[If you fail the third assessment, you will permanently lose the chance to build a foundation with a divine grade. 】

[Reminder: If the total score of the assessment exceeds the standard score by 50 points, additional rewards can be obtained. If the standard score exceeds 100 points, the extra reward will be doubled, and so on...]

[Reminder: It is detected that you are entering the test room for the first time, and the difficulty level will be automatically increased to the first level. Ten seconds later, the assessment will officially begin, please be prepared. 】

[Countdown: 10….9….8…7….]

The examination is about to start.

Qin Feng felt nervous.

This opening is the first-class divine grade assessment!

I don't know what this first test is about.

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but take a deep breath...

Chapter Three Hundred and Thirty-Three is broken and then stood up, another chance!

[The countdown is over, the first test: Soul Strength! 】

[Please enter the sub-exam room within three seconds. 】

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head.

In the next second, a large amount of information flooded into his mind.

He suddenly became stunned.

That's the rules information for the first test.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, there was another thunderous sound.

A white door of light rose from the side.

That's the entrance to the sub-exam room.

Qin Feng did not dare to hesitate, stepped directly into the gate of light and entered the examination room.

The next second, he found that he appeared on an altar.

The altar is surrounded by endless void, pitch black as ink, and incomparably empty.

The whole altar is suspended in the void, giving people a feeling of depression and mystery.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the center of the altar, where there was a gray futon.

He came to the futon, sat directly on it, closed his eyes and sat cross-legged.

According to the rules, this first level is to test the strength of the soul, which should be his weakness.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!