Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, strange winds whistled from all directions, blowing towards the altar together.

That is the Five Elements Soul Devouring Wind, which ignores any physical defense and can directly penetrate the sea of ​​​​knowledge and erode the soul.

Tiandao uses this style to assess the strength of the player's soul body, and then give a corresponding evaluation based on the player's performance.

At this moment, Qin Feng was a little nervous.

Because among his various abilities, the strength of his soul body is the most fragile.

But this first test is the weakest test for him.

Moreover, the assessment of high-level gods is very strict.

Any single test that fails to meet the standard will be eliminated on the spot.

Even if the other several assessment achievements are very good, they will be eliminated.

In short, each individual test must meet the standard, and then the total score must also meet the standard, so that you can obtain the first-class gods and foundations.

From this, it can be seen that the difficulty of this high-level divine grade assessment.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the Soul Eater of the Five Elements had roared.

At the moment, he didn't dare to be careless, got rid of distracting thoughts, and dealt with it wholeheartedly.

In the next second, he felt a cyan wind rushing into his sea of ​​consciousness extremely violently.

At this moment, within the sea of ​​consciousness.

There was a figure with golden light all over his body, sitting cross-legged.

That is Qin Feng's soul body.

At present, the strength of his soul body is comparable to that of a mid-grade base-building ground-level soul body, which is extremely good.

But in the face of the high-level divine grade assessment, it is not easy to say.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

Howling wind!

The blue soul-devouring wind swept across.

Qin Feng's soul body opened his eyes involuntarily, revealing golden soul eyes.

At this moment, he stared at the blue soul-eating wind in front of him with some unease.

He sensed that this soul-devouring wind contained a powerful law of wood, and judging from the strength of its law, it suddenly surpassed the A-level and reached the S-level.

This surprised Qin Feng.

It turned out that the power of the wood-type soul-devouring wind can only reach A-level at its strongest.

In order to increase the difficulty of the assessment of the high-level gods, Tiandao increased the power of the law of wood tenfold, reaching the S-level level.

Swish~!

In an instant, the wood-type soul-eating wind rushed towards Qin Feng's soul directly.

corrosion!

decay!

withered!

die!

The power of various wood-based laws erupted in an instant, frantically eroding the soul body.

Qin Feng's soul body suddenly showed a painful color, and the soul light on his body kept flickering, and it had a tendency to dim and dim.

That is the soul body is injured and is being weakened.

With just the first blow, Qin Feng's soul body was injured.

He is already amazing!

If it was replaced with a soul body whose strength was only at the human level, the soul would have been dissipated in one blow.

In fact, even if the strength of the soul body reaches the low-level foundation building level, the blow just now can't bear it, and the soul body will disintegrate on the spot.

Unless the soul attribute is wood and gold, it can withstand a few more blows.

It turns out that the attributes of the soul body are related to the elemental talent.

For those with wood-type talent, the soul attribute is the wood attribute.

For those with gold talent, the soul attribute is metallic.

The wood-type soul body has a very strong resistance to the power of the wood-type law.

Of course, the resistance strength also depends on the player's wood talent level.

Generally, the higher the talent level, the stronger the resistance.

The metal soul body has a stronger resistance to the power of the wood law.

Because metal can overcome wood among the five elements, people who master the talent of the metal element will have a stronger ability to fight against the soul-eating wind of the wood element.

Generally speaking, the gold-type talent reaches the A-level level, and the ability to resist the wood-type soul-eating wind should be the strongest.

Because of the talent of the five elements, the highest level is A-level.

It's just that the power of the law of Soul Eater has been blessed ten times by the Tao of Heaven, reaching the S-level level.

In short, under the erosion of the terrifying soul-eating wind, players must persist for more than ten minutes in order to reach the minimum pass standard.

If you don't last for ten minutes, you will be eliminated on the spot.

However, it was said that Qin Feng's soul body only dimmed slightly after the first blow.

In the next second, there was joy in the soul's eyes.

He resisted!

He didn't break his soul with the first blow.

It is also true that Qin Feng has nine elements of talent, and his soul attribute has all nine elements, both wood and metal.

This gave him a strong resistance to the wood-type soul-devouring wind.

In addition, his soul body strength has reached the mid-level foundation building level, and his resistance is naturally stronger.

"According to this situation, I should be able to hold on for ten minutes!",

Qin Feng thought to himself.

However, ten minutes is only the minimum standard, and the evaluation score obtained is also the lowest.

If all the test items only get the minimum evaluation, the final total score will often not meet the standard, or will fail.

In short, in every test, he has to do his best to get the highest level of evaluation.

In this way, he can get better grades and have more hope of passing the assessment.

Whoo~!

Howling wind!

The wood-type soul-devouring wind raged again.

Ow~!

At this moment, a dragon roar resounded in the sea of ​​souls, shaking the world.

Immediately afterwards, behind Qin Feng's soul body, a golden dragon phantom appeared to look at the world.

This time, Qin Feng's A-level bloodline talent was automatically activated.

Dragon Soul Appears!

The power of the soul body is instantly strengthened by 30%!

Swish~!

At this time, the Wood Element Soul Eater penetrated Qin Feng's soul again.

The power of various wood-based laws erupted again, frantically eroding his soul body.

The face of the soul body also showed pain again, and the soul light on the body dimmed again.

This time, though, the pain was a little less painful.

Qin Feng felt a burst of joy in his heart.

It turned out that the bloodline talent can also enhance the soul power.

This made his ability to fight against Soul Eater by another point, so he could hold on for a longer time and get a higher evaluation.

Whoo~!

Howling wind!

The wood-type soul-devouring wind raged for the third time.

correct!

I have another way!

At this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he activated the A-level talent - the five elements are connected!

In time, gold produces water, water produces wood, wood produces fire, fire produces earth, and earth produces gold.

The five elements are intertwined!

The power of talent is all superimposed on the gold element!

Suddenly, the power of the Golden Element Law soared fivefold!

Swah~!

The wood-type Soul Eater penetrated Qin Feng's soul for the third time.

This time, the soul body only frowned slightly, and the pain was already very weak.

Ha ha!

Really useful!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

The talent ability skyrocketed!

In addition to the power of the dragon soul, and the strength of the soul body of the mid-grade base building, he was barely able to block the erosion of the soul-eating wind.

In this way, he can last longer and get higher evaluation.

Whoo~!

Soul Eater came violently again.

This time, it turned from cyan to red.

The law attribute of Soul Eater has also changed from wood attribute to fire attribute.

Once this attribute changes, it will be extremely unfavorable to the soul of the gold and wood attributes.

But Qin Feng's soul body has all nine elements, and he is not afraid of the changes of these five elements.

The advantages of his many talents exploded at this moment.

Boom~!

Five Elements Connected!

The power of the water system talent has skyrocketed fivefold!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Swish~!

The fire-type soul-devouring wind penetrated the soul body.

Water overcomes fire!

The soul body just frowned slightly.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!