Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Soul Eater seems to be furious, constantly changing the attributes of the law, a moment of gold, a moment of wood, a moment of water...

The power of the Five Elements Law alternates constantly!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At the same time, it continues to penetrate the soul body.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

And Qin Feng is also waiting for the opportunity, the five elements are connected and transformed one after another, and each time he uses the attribute of restraining the soul-eating wind.

In a blink of an eye, he persisted for five minutes, but his soul body was not weakened much.

At this pace, he passed the minimum ten-minute test, which was a breeze.

However, even so, his soul body is still being weakened.

And the soul body is getting weaker and weaker, and it will be more and more difficult for him to resist the soul-devouring wind.

If this continues, he will get the highest rating in this test, which is still unlikely.

correct!

I have another way!

With a flash of light in Qin Feng's mind, he turned it over and found a soul stone in the palm of his hand.

In the next second, he pinched the seal and began to perform the secret technique—the soul raising technique.

Soul nourishing technique, seventh-order secret technique.

It was he who got it from the storage ring of the beast god.

The beast **** used to be a powerhouse in the demigod realm, but his realm fell to the heaven level because of the injury to his soul body.

Therefore, the beast **** collected a large number of soul stones to heal the wounds of his soul body.

Soul nourishment is to absorb the energy of the soul stone to treat the injury of the soul body.

Boom~!

Mystery activates!

A strange energy was drawn from the soul stone and poured into the sea of ​​​​consciousness...

In the next second, that energy rolled into his soul body, making him feel cool and comfortable...

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your soul body has obtained the power of soul essence, and the injury has been repaired...]

[Reminder: Your soul body is eroded by the soul-eating wind, and your soul body is injured….]

[Reminder: Your soul body has obtained the power of soul essence, and the injury has been repaired...]

[Reminder: Your soul body is eroded by the soul-eating wind, and your soul body is injured]

[Reminder: Your soul body is constantly strengthening, the soul body strength is +1, and the combat power is increased by 1 star]

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

By mistake, he actually got a way to strengthen his soul.

It turned out that his soul body was eroded by the soul-eating wind while being repaired by the soul-cultivation technique, which just reached a balance.

This breaking and standing, the back and forth changes, just strengthened the soul body.

In this way, this test is not only not a challenge for him, but an opportunity to strengthen his soul!

If you say this, no one will believe it!

Of course, this is also because Qin Feng has many talents and means to achieve this level.

For other people with SSS-level talent, that would be impossible.

In this way, Qin Feng was in a good mood, closed his eyes, performed the soul raising technique with all his strength, and immersed himself in the strengthening of the soul body.

He has completely regarded this test as an opportunity, not an assessment...

ten minutes later

[Reminder: You persisted for 10 minutes in this assessment and received an F-level evaluation. stalk】

Twenty minutes later...

[Reminder: You persisted for 20 minutes in this assessment and obtained an E-level evaluation. 】

Forty minutes later...

[Reminder: You persisted for 40 minutes in this assessment and obtained a D-level evaluation. 】

At the same time, Qin Feng's soul body was constantly being strengthened, and his combat power was also increasing little by little.

He was completely absorbed in a kind of joy

Chapter 334: Nine deaths and one life, S-level evaluation!

Eighty minutes later...

[Reminder: You persisted for 80 minutes in this assessment and obtained a C-level evaluation. 】

The rating has gone up a notch!

Qin Feng was delighted.

At the same time, he also found that if the persistence time is doubled, the evaluation will be higher.

According to the assessment rules, for each test, an F-level evaluation can be awarded 1 point.

2 points for an E-level evaluation;

D rank gets 4

8 points for C grade.

15 points for B grade.

A grade is worth 30 points.

60 points for S grade

120 points for SS level

The Holy Martial Arts assessment is divided into four sessions.

A total of 100 points or more is considered qualified.

Reach more than 150 points, there will be additional rewards.

Reach more than 200 points, the extra reward is doubled.

Reach more than 300 points, the extra reward is tripled

In other words, if Qin Feng wants to pass the assessment, it is best that every item can reach A-level or above.

To receive additional rewards, at least one rating must be S rank

Time flies!

Qin Feng's soul body is constantly being strengthened, and his combat power is also getting stronger little by little.

Three hours later...

[Reminder: You persisted for 3 hours in this assessment and obtained a B-level evaluation. 】

Qin Feng was delighted again.

The evaluation reached a B grade, and 15 points were obtained.

He continued to absorb the energy of the soul stone and continuously strengthen the soul body

In a blink of an eye, six hours have passed

[Reminder: You persisted for 6 hours in this assessment and obtained an A-level evaluation. 】

Boom~!

At the same moment, within the sea of ​​consciousness.

Qin Feng's soul body exudes a dazzling golden light, and the momentum continues to soar.

[Reminder: Your soul body has transformed! The strength has reached the top-grade base building level, and the combat power has increased by 100 stars! 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

The strength of the soul body has finally been raised by a grade, and the combat power has been raised to 5900 stars.

Great harvest this time!

Is this still a test?

It's just chance!

However, the A-level evaluation is only 30 points, only that it can be used.

If he wants to get the extra reward of 897, it is best to raise his evaluation to S rank.

Adhere to 6 hours, the evaluation is A grade.

Could it be that if you persist for 12 hours, the evaluation will reach S grade?

With his current soul body strength and various talent aids, the damage to his soul body caused by the Soul Eater Wind cannot keep up with the cultivation of the Soul Cultivation Technique.

Don't say persist for 12 hours, even if you persist for ten days and ten nights, there is no problem.

Only when this thought came up, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: The difficulty of the assessment has begun to increase, and the power of the law of Soul Eater will be strengthened to the SS level. If you persist for 10 minutes, you can get an S-level evaluation. 】

What?

The power of the law is strengthened as for the SS level? !

Qin Feng was shocked.

Whoo~!

But before he could think about it, a white soul-eating wind roared wildly, exuding the power of the monstrous golden law, destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

Swish~!

In just an instant, the gust of wind passed through the body and directly penetrated Qin Feng's soul body!

Cut ~!

Sharp~!

To just ~!

Break Armor~!

The power of various golden laws erupted!

The power of SS-level law is powerful!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's soul body was covered with fine cracks.

There was also extreme pain in the depths of the soul.

Qin Feng's face was distorted.

The difficulty of this assessment has been raised too violently!

Sure enough, the S-rank evaluation is not so easy to get.

He used all his strength to cultivate the soul to repair the cracks in his soul.

Whoo~!

But before the crack of the soul body was repaired by one tenth, the soul-eating wind roared again, penetrating his soul body for the second time.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

There are more cracks in the soul!

The speed of repairing the soul raising technique is far from keeping up with the speed at which the soul body is injured.