Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The pain from the soul body is getting stronger and stronger!

Damn~!

Qin Feng roared in his heart!

It's only been three seconds!

According to this development, he did not last for less than five minutes at all, let alone ten minutes, and won the S-level evaluation.

Only now did he know that an S-rank evaluation was so difficult to obtain.

It can be seen that it is very good to get an A-level evaluation for each test.

As long as each item can get A grade and the total score reaches 120 points, it can also pass the examination.

Or three items get A-level and one get B-level, and the total score reaches 105 points, which can also pass the assessment.

As for getting an S-rank rating, it's as hard as the sky!

The extra rewards given by Tiandao are definitely not so easy to get.

"Damn it! I can't believe I can't get S-rank!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and a red light flashed in front of him!

Swish~!

A coffin made of soul stones appeared out of thin air.

That is the coffin of the beast god's soul stone, which is engraved with various divine patterns and formations.

This is the treasure used by the beast **** to repair the soul body, and it is also a rare seventh-order item.

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and jumped into the coffin of the soul stone.

The next second, he broke his fingers and blood clotted.

The blood essence fell into the eye formation in the center of the soul coffin!

Om~!

Suddenly, the spirit of the coffin shines brightly!

The monstrous soul energy poured into Qin Feng's body, rushed into the sea of ​​consciousness, and quickly repaired the cracks in his soul body.

This time, the power of those soul essences is no longer pure soul energy, but also contains the fluctuations of the soul law, and the repair speed of the soul body is accelerated ten times.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But this still can't keep up with the destruction speed of Soul Eater!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The Soul Eater penetrated the soul body again and again, frantically tyrannizing.

Qin Feng's soul body has more and more cracks, and his pain is getting stronger and stronger, and there are beads of sweat on his forehead...

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Wave after wave of the power of the soul is quickly repairing the cracks in the soul

[Reminder: Your soul body has obtained the power of soul essence, and the injury has been repaired]

[Reminder: Your soul body is eroded by the soul-eating wind, and your soul body is injured]

[Reminder: Your soul body is constantly strengthening, the soul body strength is +1, and the combat power is increased by 1 star]

This broken one is still continuously strengthening the soul body!

But the recovery speed of the soul body still can't keep up with the speed of destruction, it just slows down the speed of the soul body's collapse.

The pain of tearing the soul is extremely painful.

Ordinary people can't bear it at all!

At this moment, Qin Feng's tenacity and strong perseverance were fully reflected.

He gritted his teeth and endured over and over again, the pain of his soul from tearing to repairing to tearing.

Teeth are about to be crushed!

Gums are bleeding!

That's it, destruction and repair go hand in hand!

Erosion and reinforcement go hand in hand!

Three minutes later...

Qin Feng's mouth was full of blood, and his clothes were soaked with sweat.

The cracks in his soul have spread over 40% of his body

five minutes later

The cracks in his soul have spread over 60% of his body

The pain of the tearing of the soul was aggravated by another point!

seven minutes later

The cracks in his soul have spread over 80% of his body

The pain of the soul is getting worse again!

Almost excruciating pain!

Nine minutes later...

The cracks in his soul have spread over ninety percent of his body

Once the crack reaches ten percent!

The soul body will explode on the spot!

This test will come to an abrupt end!

At this moment, Qin Feng was already in a trance in pain, almost fainting.

He has reached his limit.

The soul body has also reached its limit!

In the next second, the soul body is about to collapse, and the test time has not reached 10 minutes.

If he fails at this moment, he won't get an S-rank evaluation.

How to do? !

He was just one minute away from getting an S-rank rating!

But the current situation is that he can only last for twenty seconds at most.

Damn it!

Is it about to fail like this?

Not reconciled!

Really not reconciled!

Qin Feng was angry in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Your clone killed the guardian (earth level), you got +271 attributes, +3.24 million energy points, and +113 points. 】

[Your clone killed the guardian (human level), and you got +14 attributes, +410,000 energy points, and +11 points. 】

[Your clone killed the guardian (human level), and you got +17 attributes, +630,000 energy points, and +13 points. 】

In less than ten seconds, he received hundreds of information prompts, energy and attribute points, and soared all the way.

It turned out that the phantom avatar had already arrived at Zhanxiong Village, and when they happened to meet the people of the Xiao family, they slaughtered all the more than 100 people.

In this way, Qin Feng gained a lot of attributes.

After Qin Feng was shocked, his heart moved.

In just one thought, he opened the panel and suddenly found that the free attribute points had reached 2310 points.

In the next second, he endured extreme pain, and while urging the soul coffin to repair the injury, he quickly added points.

This time, he added all the points to the energy index.

The stronger the energy index, the stronger the toughness of the soul body will be.

In just a few seconds, more than 2,000 attributes were added to the energy.

Qin Feng's spirit body momentum suddenly improved a little.

The speed of the soul cracking was slightly slowed down.

But this only slowed down for dozens of seconds.

In the end, the soul body was still covered with cracks.

The piercing pain is also all over the body!

Qin Feng roared in pain!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the whole body of the soul body is completely cracked, and it swells up rapidly, becoming bigger than a circle, and it will burst on the spot...

It was at this last second that Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Congratulations, you persisted for 10 minutes under the attack of SS-level Soul Eater, and you got an S-level evaluation! 】

Bang~!

A blast!

As soon as the prompt sound fell, Qin Feng's soul body burst into pieces and disappeared...

At the same moment, his body and soul coffin turned into white light and disappeared above the altar.

In the next second, a white light lit up in the hall of divine grade assessment.

Qin Feng's body and soul coffin appeared out of thin air.

It's just that the body doesn't move because the soul has collapsed...

Om~!

At this moment, a white light descended from the sky and landed on the top of the body.

After a while, the beam of light disappeared.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

He is resurrected!

The supreme power of heaven reshaped his soul body.

He hurriedly checked the condition of his soul body and showed joy again.

Now, his soul body has not only been completely repaired, but the strength of his soul body has been greatly improved, and he is not far from the top-grade foundation building level.

Even better, his combat power has also skyrocketed to 6000 stars.

That is the result of the strengthening of the soul and the addition of more than 2,000 attributes.

In short, the 6000-star combat power is extremely powerful!

That is the ultimate combat power of the third level of heaven.

Going a step further, you will enter the fourth level of heaven.

Qin Feng did not expect that after this assessment, his combat power and soul body have been greatly improved.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Congratulations on completing the first assessment - the spirit strength assessment. 】