[You have obtained an S-level evaluation in this assessment, with 60 points. If you die once during the assessment, 10 points will be deducted. You will get a total of 50 points in this assessment. 】

good! good!

I got 50 points this time!

This is a very good result.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Next, there are three more tests.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As long as he accumulates 50 points in the next three assessments, the total score can reach 100 points, and he can pass the top-grade assessment.

It seems that it is not difficult.

However, if he wants to achieve a total score of more than 150 points and obtain the extra reward, he must at least get an S-rank evaluation.

S grade rating!

As can be seen from the first test, the S-level evaluation and the A-level evaluation are not the same grade at all.

Qin Feng really has no confidence in whether he can get another S-level evaluation in the next three tests.

As for a higher SS-level evaluation, I don't even dare to think about it...

However, Qin Feng was curious about the extra reward.

Let's see if he can get another S-rank evaluation...

Chapter 335 Cross all the way, and break the level again and again!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Athletes please rest for a while, the second assessment will start in ten minutes]

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the soul coffin and started to make some preparations...

At the same moment, the first area code area, over Zhan~Xiong Village.

The Mirage clone looked in the direction of the Vientiane Temple from a distance, and his eyes were full of joy.

He is the extension of Qin Feng's body.

At this moment, he naturally sensed that the main body completed the first assessment, and the results were very-good.

Judging from the current situation, the possibility of the ontology passing the high-level divine grade assessment is still very high.

Next, it depends on whether the ontology has the opportunity to obtain additional rewards.

pity!

It's too hard to get an S-rank rating.

It is most beneficial to find a way to increase the strength of the body a little more.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone looked down at the village below.

I saw that there were more than 100 corpses scattered all over the village, three of which were prefecture-level powerhouses.

These are the corpses of the owl clan's children.

Knew it!

The Owl Clan had been eyeing Zhanxiong Village early on.

This time, he killed Xiao Yun and more than 100 children of the Xiao clan, and he did not end the trouble forever.

It is estimated that it will not be long before the Owl Clan will notice the abnormality.

They will definitely send someone to Zhanxiong Village to investigate.

And Zhanxiong Village is not far from Longyuan headquarters, which is a hidden danger.

In short, the sooner this owl clan is destroyed, the better.

Of course, all this has to wait for the main body to complete the assessment.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone fell from the sky and began to clear the battlefield...

At the same time, Longyuan headquarters, on the novice plain.

Qishan looked ahead with a look of joy.

In that direction, Liu Yuan had already collected 67,000 slaves.

As soon as Liu Yuan finished dealing with these matters, he immediately informed him to come and take a look.

After all, Longyuan's logistics and resource mining are all handled by Qishan.

"Elder Qishan, all the slaves have been recruited. Next, it's up to you. You don't have to be polite to these Western white-skinned, Asan scumbags! This is their due end!"

At this time, Liu Yuan walked over with a smile.

If you become a slave, you will lose your challenger qualifications, you will not be able to upgrade, and you will not be able to betray.

Qishan Fushou said with a smile: "Liu Yuan, with so many slaves, our Longyuan Town will soon take off. From now on, the exploitation of various resources will no longer be stagnant. When everyone's wooden houses are upgraded, they can increase Get up quickly!"

Liu Yuan also said excitedly: "I also hope that my wooden house can be upgraded sooner. The best thing is that our Longyuan Town can be upgraded to a level 6 town early."

Qishan sighed: "Even if the town has not been promoted to level 6, as long as the resources are sufficient, our town will be able to produce a lot of combat power exceeding 200 stars. In this way, it can bring back a lot of combat power to the master."

Liu Yuan nodded slightly: "Yes! Speaking of which, I don't know how the boss's holy martial arts assessment is going? He should be able to pass the divine grade assessment, right?"

Qishan stroked his beard and said, "This old man thinks that it is very likely that the master will pass the divine grade test. However, the divine grade test is really difficult and should not be taken lightly."

Liu Yuan: "Yeah! It's worrying to think about it. Unfortunately, we are too weak to help at all."

Qishan: "Let's not talk too much, I will quickly arrange these slaves, and let them quickly mine and collect resources. With those resources, more people can upgrade their wooden houses and increase their strength.

"Maybe, we can still help some people break through 200 stars during the master's assessment. Wouldn't that help the master indirectly?"

Liu Yuan's eyes lit up: "That's true! Although this is a drop in the bucket and the icing on the cake, it's better than doing nothing at all."

"exactly!"

At the moment, the two stopped chatting, and began to actively arrange slaves to go to major mining sites...

At the same time, in the hall of divine grade assessment.

Qin Feng rested for ten minutes.

Heaven sent a reminder.

【Break time is over! The second test is about to start: Attack Power Test! 】

[Please enter the sub-exam room within three seconds. 】

Om~!

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head, and a lot of information poured into his mind.

That's the rules information for the second test.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the entrance light gate of the sub-examination room rose in front.

Qin Feng stepped directly into the door of light.

The next second, he entered a secret room.

The secret room is closed all around, with only one exit in front.

There is a layer of white light curtain at the exit, and aura flows on it.

That white light curtain is the first barrier light curtain.

The content of the assessment in this field is to break the boundary with force.

With pure attack power, blast through the barrier light curtains one by one to judge the strength of the attack power.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode to the barrier light curtain.

Tiandao's prompt also followed.

[Reminder: You are close to the first barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: You only have three chances to shoot out. Three failed to break, eliminated on the spot. 】

[Reminder: The defensive power of the first-level barrier light curtain is comparable to the defensive power of the second-level peak powerhouse. 】

This is the first barrier!

The defensive power is comparable to that of a second-level peak powerhouse.

With such an entry-level standard, it can stumped the second-level powerhouse.

The difficulty of the first-class god-level assessment is huge!

Qin Feng sighed and shot suddenly.

Boom~!

He punched the light curtain with all his strength.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The light curtain shattered and turned into starlight.

[Congratulations on breaking through the first barrier and getting an F-level rating. 】

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

The first one is not difficult!

Once the barrier is broken, the exit is smooth.

Qin Feng went out.

The next second, he found himself entering a new room.

There is also an exit in front, and there is also an enchantment at the exit.

He hurriedly walked towards the barrier.

When the distance to the enchantment was only zhang Xuyuan, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: You are close to the second barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defense power of the second layer of enchantment light curtain is comparable to the defense power of the third-layer powerhouse. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng shot again, and it was easily shattered with another punch.

[Congratulations on breaking through the second barrier and obtaining an E-level evaluation. 】

continue!

Qin Feng goes to the next level

[Reminder: You are approaching the third barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defense power of the third-level barrier light curtain is comparable to the defense power of the top three peak powerhouses. 】

This time, it is the peak of the third level of heaven!

The defense is naturally much stronger than that of the Heavenly Grade Triple Layer.

Boom~!

Qin Feng took a shot and blasted away with all his strength.

This time, he ran the law of power, and his attack power instantly increased a lot.

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

The light curtain shattered and turned into starlight...

[Congratulations on breaking through the third barrier and getting a D-level rating. 】

Easily removed!