Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng hurried to the next level.

Soon, he arrived at the fourth barrier.

[Reminder: You are approaching the fourth barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defensive power of the fourth-level barrier light curtain is comparable to that of a sky-level four-level powerhouse. 】

The fourth level of heaven!

Qin Feng took a deep breath of cold air.

Only the fourth level, the defense is so strong.

It seems that it is not easy to obtain a high-level evaluation in this assessment!

Qin Feng didn't dare to be careless.

I saw a flash of light and shadow in his hand, and the Shinra Heavenly Blade appeared in his hand.

Weapons are also a part of strength, and it is time to use them now.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The knife is soaring!

The Law of Power and the Law of Gold work at the same time!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound again!

The barrier shattered!

[Congratulations on breaking through the fourth barrier and getting a C-level rating. 】

continue!

Qin Feng held a long knife and entered the next level.

After a while, he arrived at the fourth barrier.

[Reminder: You are close to the fifth barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defensive power of the fifth-layer enchantment light curtain is comparable to the defensive power of the sky-level fourth-layer peak powerhouse. 】

0

Swish~!

It's going to be slashed with all one's strength!

Thousands of swords soared into the sky!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering explosion!

The barrier is intact!

Qin Feng was shocked and retreated again and again.

This time, he failed!

Thinking about it too, the combat power range of the fourth level of heaven is 6,000 to 9,000 stars.

His current combat power is only 6000 stars.

Even with the help of the Law of Power and the Shinra Heavenly Blade, he would not be able to break the defense of the fourth-level peak!

Could it be that he can only get a C-level rating?

The C-level evaluation is only 8 points.

If this level, he only has so many points, then this time is over.

Not to mention getting extra rewards, it's hard to say whether you can pass the first-class divine grade assessment.

It seems that only foreign objects can be borrowed!

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he summoned the Spirit of Gold and merged into the Shen Luo Tian Blade.

Om~!

Immediately, the Shinra Heavenly Blade's aura exploded, and the momentum skyrocketed.

However, these are not enough!

He thought again, and a round of daylight appeared in the sky!

It is the Great Sun Spirit Pearl!

Boom~Long~Long!

There was an earthquake!

The Great Sun Spirit Pearl turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and his whole body burst into dazzling white light, as if the gods brought their own holy light.

[Fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb succeeded! Your combat power has increased by 500 stars! 】

[Fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb succeeded! You have temporarily mastered the S-level talent - the law of the extreme sun! 】

[Reminder: You can maintain the fusion state for up to an hour. 】

Fusion is complete!

Qin Feng immediately shot!

The law of gold, the law of power, and the law of extreme sun operate at the same time!

This breaks with force, and elemental damage is ineffective.

The golden rule is to strengthen weapon attacks.

The law of power is to strengthen the power attack!

The law of extreme sun is to strengthen all attacks!

The power of the three laws is superimposed layer by layer, and the power is extremely terrifying.

Swish~!

Brilliant swordsmanship!

Soar to the sky!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Qin Feng struck the strongest blow!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the knife light passes, the space is cut open, the laws are broken, and the power is terrifying!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The enchantment shattered in response!

[Congratulations on breaking through the fifth barrier and getting a B-level rating. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Finally broke it!

Then, he hurried to the next level.

The Great Sun Spirit Orb can only be fused for one hour, he must speed up and cannot waste time

If it is not completed for more than an hour, he will not be able to fuse the Great Sun Spirit Orb.

At that time, he will not only lose his combat power, but also lose the S-rank Extreme Sun Law.

[Reminder: You are close to the sixth barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defense power of the sixth-layer enchantment light curtain is comparable to the defense power of the fifth-layer powerhouse. 】

Swish~!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The law of power! The Golden Rule! Extreme Yang Law!

The three laws work at the same time!

Qin Feng once again unleashed his strongest blow, slashing towards the barrier in front of him.

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

Qin Feng was shocked back and forth.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, there was a light sound on the barrier, and some cracked fine lines appeared on it, but it was not broken.

It can be seen that the power of the knife just now is close to the edge of breaking the enchantment.

Om~!

The next second, the barrier automatically sounded a white light, and some cracks disappeared automatically.

After self-repairing, the enchantment became intact again.

【Reminder: Your first shot failed, please make your second shot】

hiss~!

Qin Feng took a deep breath of cold air.

He unleashed his strongest blow, but he still failed.

This level has only reached an A-level evaluation!

He couldn't take itÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 336: The battle pet takes shape, and the strength is greatly increased!

Qin Feng is naturally not reconciled if he can't get an A-level evaluation.

What's more, his goal is more than an A-level evaluation.

Qin Feng didn't make another move immediately.

He has only three shots, which must be cherished.

"Although the knife just didn't break the boundary, there are cracks on the boundary, indicating that the boundary has reached the edge of being broken, as long as I add more force!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly activated the space skill - Space Summoning!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, white light flashed in the field.

The four avatars appeared at the same time!

In the next second, the Mirage clone waved, and took the Jinglong Blade in his hand, with extraordinary momentum.

The Moon Spirit clone also took out the Flame Wind Divine Spear.

Immediately afterwards, the other two clones also took out the Heavenly Sword of Destruction and the Holy Sword of Light.

The weapons of the four clones are all sixth-order weapons.

Having said that, the combat power of the four avatars is 60% of Qin Feng's.

With the help of sixth-order weapons, the attack power can be comparable to the second-level peak of the sky.

In addition, the four avatars have mastered the law of power and the law of gold.