Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, their attack power can be comparable to the third level of heaven, and all of them are not weak.

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The law of power! The Golden Rule! Extreme Yang Law!

The three laws work at the same time!

The momentum has accumulated to the peak!

At the same moment, the four avatars also shot at the same time.

Shocking Dragon Blade, Flame Wind God Spear, Silent Heaven Sword, and Bright Sacred Sword are all shining brightly!

The law of power! The Golden Rule! Also works at the same time!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The next second, Qin Feng and the four clones blasted towards the front barrier at the same time.

Those five attacks, the momentum became one, shocking.

Wherever the five attacks went, the space was crushed and crushed, and the layers of laws were disturbed.

In the next second, five attacks hit the barrier at the same time.

Kacha~!

An earth-shattering crisp sound!

The barrier shattered!

Become a starlight!

The entire assessment space is shaking violently!

[Congratulations on breaking through the sixth barrier and getting an A-level rating. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed when Tiandao sent a reminder.

A-level evaluation, 30 points are in hand.

What he wanted, though, was an S-rank rating.

Qin Feng hurriedly walked to the next level.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the seventh barrier...

[Reminder: You are close to the seventh barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defensive power of the seventh-layer enchantment light curtain is comparable to the defensive power of the mid-term powerhouse of the fifth-layer heaven level. 】

The combat power range of the fifth level of heaven is 9000 stars to 15000 stars.

The combat power in the middle stage of the fifth level of that day is about 12,000 stars.

hiss~!

Qin Feng took a breath!

He was afraid that he would not be able to pass this test.

You must know that the combined attack of him and the four avatars is only infinitely close to 10,000 stars.

This distance from the attack power of 12,000 stars is not small!

But just giving up like this, he is not reconciled.

correct! Little Luan!

As long as Xiao Luan'er is summoned and psychically integrated with him, there is hope to break through this level and get an S-rank evaluation.

But Xiao Luan'er is transforming, and at a critical moment, she cannot be disturbed, otherwise the consequences will be serious!

At this thought, Qin Feng felt anxious.

His fusion with the Great Sun Spirit Orb is time-limited and cannot wait forever.

How to do?

He can't forcibly summon Xiao Luan'er for the sake of an evaluation, and he will never break the foundation of Xiao Luan'er, right?

Just when Qin Feng was in trouble, Qi Yue's voice sounded in his heart.

That is the spiritual voice transmission between the two, which can ignore space and distance.

"Master, I have completed the Shengwu assessment, and I am now an Earth-level powerhouse!"

The little girl's tone was extremely excited,

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

correct!

He can summon Yue'er!

In addition to summoning clones, his space summons can also summon pets and contract servants at any time.

Qiyue and the people of the Qi family are his contract servants and can be summoned.

What's more, Qiyue is also the messenger of darkness under his seat.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly launched a space call.

Swish~!

With a flash of white light, Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

As soon as the little girl appeared, she looked around in astonishment.

"Owner!"

Then, when she saw Qin Feng, she ran over with joy.

Qin Feng also looked at her.

At this sight, his eyes lit up.

This little girl has grown taller and taller, with a youthful air all over her body.

Coupled with snow-white skin and delicate facial features, she is a standard stunning beauty.

Obviously, after the little girl was promoted to the prefecture level, her temperament and appearance had undergone some subtle changes.

Looking at the little girl's combat strength, Qin Feng showed a relieved smile.

After this foundation building, Qiyue has made great progress.

Today, she is a top-quality foundation building, and her basic combat power is 1200 stars.

In this way, her comprehensive combat power is 1700 stars, which is not far from the first layer of heaven.

"Yue'er, you did a good job!"

Qin Feng complimented casually.

Qiyue rejoices,

The master's praise made her secretly happy.

In her mind, the master is her only one.

"Master, where is this?"

She looked around curiously again.

"This is the place where the gods are assessed!"

At the moment, Qin Feng briefly described the current situation.

After Qiyue heard this, she was anxious.

"Master, you summoned Yue'er, do you want Yue'er to join forces with you to break this heavy barrier?"

Qin Feng hurriedly shook his head: "You can't shoot! According to the rules, avatars and pets are part of the strength. If they help to shoot, it is not a violation. If you help, then it is a violation."

"Oh!"

Qiyue was both anxious and helpless.

She wanted to help her master, but she didn't know how to do it.

"Yue'er, after you broke through to the Earth-level realm. Has your time force field changed?"

"Yeah! It's gotten a lot stronger! My time field is ten times stronger now! In other words, when the outside world has passed an hour, ten hours have passed in my time field."

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "Great! What I need most now is your ability. You can enter the zero-dimensional space now and use the time force field. With the blessing of your force field, Xiao Luan'er should be able to exit the customs soon. already."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Yes! What Xiao Luan'er lacks now is time. My time force field can help her! Master, please let me in!"

"it is good!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Having done this, he sat cross-legged and waited silently.

As soon as Qiyue entered the zero-degree space, it exerted a time force field, speeding up the flow of time.

And just like that, time passed minute by minute.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng waited for six minutes.

Six minutes passed in the assessment space, and the zero-degree space in his body was accelerated ten times by Qiyue, which is equivalent to an hour has passed.

However, Xiao Luan'er still did not go out.

Qin Feng continued to wait.

In another blink of an eye, twelve minutes passed.

Zero-degree space is equal to two hours elapsed.

Xiao Luan'er still hasn't come out.

In the blink of an eye, seventeen minutes passed.

In the zero-degree space, nearly three hours have passed since 3.3.

There are only thirty minutes left in the fusion time between Qin Feng and the Great Sun Spirit Pearl.

The time is getting tighter.

Qin Feng is also getting more and more impatient.

Boom~Long~Long!

It was at this moment that the space within his body suddenly burst into a shocking movement.

A monstrous aura rose to the sky from the wooden house where Xiao Luan'er retreated.

The next second, Tiandao sent a prompt.

[Reminder: Your battle pet Huo Luan has been successfully transformed, and its strength has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: Your pet, Huo Luan, has been transformed into a human form, and will automatically obtain the qualifications of Longyuan townspeople and have all the rights of townspeople. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The little guy finally transformed into a successful!

So timely!

It was at this moment that Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded from the bottom of his heart.

"Dad! Dad! I succeeded in transforming! Let me fight!"

Qin Feng waved quickly.

In the next second, a white light flashed, and a little girl like pink and jade appeared in front of him

Chapter 337 Impact SS-level evaluation!

Qin Feng waved quickly.