Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, a white light flashed, and a little girl like pink and jade appeared in front of him

I saw that the little girl was five or six years old, with big eyes, fair skin, and wearing a bright and beautiful red dress, she was very beautiful.

When she grows up, she will definitely be a peerless beauty!

This is what Xiao Luan'er looks like after transforming!

"Dad! Daddy!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she ran over happily.

She hugged Qin Feng's long legs and acted coquettishly as always.

Qin Fengte fondly touched her little head.

After the little guy transformed, he became even more lovable.

He really has a feeling of becoming a grandma.

At the same time, he peeked out with his peeping eyes.

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan (transformed)

[Level]: Level 20 (Imperial)

[Boundary]: Earth level (the best foundation building)

[Blood Talent]: A Grade (Suzaku)

[Talent]: Law of Fire (Class A), Law of Light (Class A), Control of Space (Class A)

[Combat evaluation]: 2800 stars

good! good!

The basic combat power of the little guy has reached 2800 stars, plus the power of foundation building, it is 3300 stars, a proper second-level strength of heaven.

"Little guy, work!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan responded obediently.

Boo~!

A phoenix cry!

All over the place!

I saw Xiao Luan'er jumped and turned into a huge golden flame bird. The wings of the phoenix were spread, and it was a thousand feet long.

The next second, her body began to blur, and then turned into a golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

10 Immediately afterwards, a pair of fiery red wings appeared on his back, and the whole body was covered with a phoenix feather armor.

In just a split second, he and Xiao Luan'er completed the psychic fusion!

The combat power has skyrocketed to 8500 stars!

Such combat power is infinitely close to the threshold of the fifth heavenly level!

However, Qin Feng's attack power far exceeded this value.

Boom~!

In an instant, Qin Feng's whole body burst out!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The four avatars also burst out at the same time!

The four sixth-order weapons all shine brightly!

Swish!

In the next second, Qin Feng shot and slashed towards the barrier ahead.

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! Extreme Yang Law!

Explode at the same time!

The power of layers of laws is superimposed!

The power of heavy attack is combined!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

With that slash, the space will be shattered, and everything will be destroyed!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

At the same moment, the four avatars also shot at the same time, all of them did their best.

Five in one!

Join forces! Keep going! All over the place!

Boom~Long~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The assessment space is shaking!

Kacha~!

The enchantment in front shattered in response, turned into starlight, and dissipated on its own.

[Congratulations on breaking through the seventh barrier and getting an S-rank rating. 】

Ha ha!

Another S-rank evaluation is in hand!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

There is no danger of death in this test.

He can score at least 60 points.

Adding the points from the previous game, he accumulated 110 points, which has exceeded the total score requirement for the assessment.

That is to say, in the next two assessments, even if he gets the two lowest evaluations, he will still be able to obtain a high-level divine grade foundation.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and the pressure in his heart suddenly decreased.

The first-class god-level foundation was established, and he was sure to take it.

What he wanted, however, was an extra reward of more than 150 points.

If he wants to exceed 150 points, he must get at least an A-level evaluation and a B-level evaluation in the next two assessments.

Of course, if the total score exceeds 200 points, the extra reward will be doubled, which is naturally better.

And if he wants to achieve a total score of 200 points, in the next two assessments, he must obtain at least an S-level and an A-level evaluation before he can achieve it.

With this in mind, Qin Feng strode to the next level

[Reminder: You are approaching the eighth barrier light curtain, please use your strength to break through the barrier. 】

[Reminder: The defense of the eighth-level barrier light curtain is comparable to the defense of the fifth-level peak powerhouse. 】

The defense of this level is the pinnacle of the fifth level of heaven!

The combat power of the fifth-level peak of the sky is about 15,000 stars!

Qin Feng took a deep breath.

Swish~!

In the next second, he will attack the barrier with all his strength!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The four avatars also shot at the same time!

Five in one!

All over the place!

Boom~Long~!

The joint strike of destroying the sky and destroying the earth bombarded the enchantment as much as possible.

The next second, Qin Feng was shocked and retreated!

The four avatars were even sent flying out!

And the enchantment was unscathed!

【Reminder: Your first shot failed, please make your second shot】

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng sighed helplessly.

It is impossible for him to break this barrier.

It was the strongest blow he could play just now.

"Master, how is the situation?"

At this moment, Qi Yue's concerned voice sounded in his ear.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he summoned Qiyue.

As soon as the little girl appeared, she quickly looked around.

Soon, she discovered that the barrier in front of her was the eighth level.

She was immediately excited: "Master, it turns out that you have already won the S-level evaluation! That's great! This time, you have secured the first-class divine grade foundation building."

The little girl is sincerely happy for Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "If I can break the eighth barrier and get an SS rating, it will be even better. In that case, I have a good chance of reaching 200 points in total and getting double extra points. award."

Qi Yue was surprised: "Hey! Master, the SS grade rating is not easy to get! The defense power of this level should be 3000 star defense more than the previous level!"

3000 more star defense!

The span is huge!

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Indeed! It seems that we can only stop here... Hey! By the way, I might still have a chance..."

Having said that, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The next second, he released the psychic fusion.

Xiao Luan'er appeared ignorantly.

"Little Luan'er?"

It was the first time that Qi Yue saw Xiao Luan'er transformed into a shape, and her eyes lit up.

She fell in love with this little girl who was carved in pink and jade.

"Sister Yue'er!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qiyue, she also ran forward with joy.

Two little beauties, one big and one small, happily hug each other.

After a while, Xiao Luan'er looked around curiously and asked Qin Feng impatiently.

"Dad, has the seventh barrier broken?"

"Broken! Now I'm stuck at the eighth level!"