Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qi Yue also hurriedly asked: "By the way, Master, you just said that there is a way to break the eighth level, what is the way?"

Qin Feng didn't say much, and when he waved his hand quickly, a cloud of red blood essence appeared in the palm of his hand.

[Suzaku blood essence (middle grade), seventh-order item]

[Reminder: Refining this blood essence requires the strength of the soul body to reach the prefecture level. 】

"Little guy, this is the mid-grade Suzaku blood essence. You can quickly refine it and improve your strength. When your strength improves, we may have some opportunities."

Qin Feng handed over the ball of Suzaku's blood.

Xiao Luan'er was stunned: "Dad, is it too late to refine it now? It will take at least three or four hours for me to refine this."

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "If you hurry up, you should have time. There is still half an hour left for the fusion time between me and the Great Sun Spirit Orb. Converted to zero-degree space, that is five hours, which is enough for you to practice. melted."

"right!"

The little guy quickly took the blood.

Later, she worried: "Dad, even if I refine this group of blood essence, the increase in strength will be limited. I'm afraid we still can't break through this level."

Qi Yue also said: "Yes! A group of seventh-rank mid-level blood essence can also increase the combat power of six or seven hundred stars, I'm afraid it's not enough..."

Qin Feng hurriedly said: "Don't forget! After Xiaoluan's transformation, she will automatically become a town resident of Longyuan. She also has the authority to upgrade the wooden house. I have already checked, and her level 0 wooden house appears in Longyuan. Headquarters."

"In a while, I'll move her level 0 cabin to zero-degree space. Yue'er, go and collect the upgrade resources for the cabin. Let Xiao Luan's cabin be upgraded from level 0 to level 6."

"In this way, she can get a lot of attribute rewards, and her strength can skyrocket!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "This is a good idea!"

"Take action!"

At the moment, Qin Feng took Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Afterwards, the three immediately split up.

Xiao Luan'er quickly retreated to refine Suzaku's blood.

Qiyue began to collect materials for the wooden house with all her might, and launched the power of the whole town.

Her call immediately shocked the whole town.

All mobilized consciously.

In order to help the boss get a better assessment and evaluation, the whole of Longyuan Town is united, and the unity of Longyuan people has once again shown.

And Qin Feng opened the mayor's operation interface and moved Xiao Luan'er's wooden house to the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he was worried that Qiyue's material collection could not keep up.

Thinking of this, his heart moved 000, and he looked at the phantom avatar.

Mirage quickly handed over a storage ring.

Afterwards, Qin Feng took out nine land deed cards from the storage ring, and then dripped blood on them one by one...

【Recognize the Lord successfully! You have obtained the title deed card of Yuelong Village, and you have obtained the resource exchange warehouse of Yuelong Village. 】

【Recognize the Lord successfully! You have obtained the title deed card of War Bear Village, and you have obtained the resource exchange warehouse of War Bear Village. 】

【Recognize the Lord successfully! You have obtained the title deed card of Lighthouse Village, and you have obtained the resource exchange warehouse of War Bear Village. 】

 …

In just a moment, the land deed cards of the nine challenging forces were all successfully authenticated by Qin Feng.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The resource exchange libraries of the nine villages are all owned by Longyuan Town.

Although these nine villages are small, the amount of primary resources such as wood, stone, iron ore, and fur is still very considerable, which is completely enough for Xiao Luan'er.

After doing all this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

After all the trivial matters were dealt with, he quietly waited for Xiao Luan'er's result.

Time passed by like this.

Before I knew it, twenty-four minutes passed.

There are only about six minutes left for the fusion time of Qin Feng and the Great Sun Lingzhu.

Xiao Luan'er hasn't sent a message yet.

"Is the little guy okay?"

Qin Feng was a little anxious.

He couldn't help pacing back and forth to relieve his anxiety.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan’er upgraded the wooden house to level 1 and received 50 attribute rewards…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan’er upgraded the wooden house to level 2 and received 100 attribute rewards…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan’er upgraded the wooden house to level 3 and received 200 attribute rewards…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan’er upgraded the wooden house to level 4 and received 400 attribute rewards…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan’er upgraded the wooden house to level 5 and received 800 attribute rewards…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: The townsman Xiao Luan raised the wooden house to level 6 and received 1600 attribute rewards...]

One piece of information came, and Xiao Luan's attribute rewards were soaring!

After a while, Xiao Luan'er received a total of 3150 attribute rewards.

Qin Feng's eyes are also shining!

The little guy is upgrading the wooden house, which means that she has finished refining the blood and will be out soon.

Chapter 338: A sky-shattering blow, the final lore!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Xiao Luan'er's excited voice sounded in his ear.

"Dad! Daddy! Let me go out, I have finished refining my blood essence and upgraded my wooden house!"

Qin Feng was delighted and waved his hand quickly.

A flash of white light flashed, and Xiao Luan'er appeared.

Qin Feng quickly looked at her.

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan (transformed)

[Level]: Level 20 (Imperial)

[Boundary]: Earth level (the best foundation building)

[Blood Talent]: A Grade (Suzaku)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 3600 stars

good! good!

This time in retreat, Xiao Luan'er's combat power has increased by 800 stars.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied.

However, with such an increase in combat power, can we break through the eighth hurdle.

He still has no clue!

You have to try it all to know!

In short, Xiao Luan'er has become much stronger now.

Don't underestimate this 800-star combat power improvement, it's just the basic combat power.

If under the blessing of various laws, the attack power that burst out is still extremely impressive.

Thinking of this, Qi Yue's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ears again.

"Master, can I come out and take a look?"

The little girl's tone was full of concern.

Obviously, she is full of worries about whether Qin Feng can break through the eighth level.

Qin Feng can understand her mood.

At the moment, he summoned Qiyue without saying a word.

Then, he said to Xiao Luan'er: "Little guy, there are only five minutes left, let's hurry up!"

"Um!"

Boo~!

A phoenix cry!

Xiao Luan'er rose into the sky and turned into a golden flame bird, and her body quickly turned into a virtual...

The next second, she turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, a pair of huge phoenix wings slowly gave birth to Qin Feng's back, and the whole body was also covered with phoenix feather armor, and the momentum was soaring!

In just a moment, Qin Feng completed the psychic integration, and the combat power soared to 9000 stars, just reaching the threshold of the fifth level of heaven, with his own momentum to look at the world.

Qiyue on the side was amazed!

Boom~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's whole body burst out, and the Shen Luo Tian Blade lit up with a dazzling aura...

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The four avatars also burst out at the same time.

Qi Yue couldn't help holding her breath, watching nervously.

She knew that the master was about to take action!

Swish~! Swish~! Brush ~!

Only when the thought came, Qin Feng and the four clones shot at the same time.

The Golden Rule! The law of power! Extreme Yang Law!

Layers of laws broke out at the same time!

The five bodies are concentric!

Full blow!

The monstrous weather, in one piece!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The five attacks are like a tsunami in the sky!

Keep going! All over the place!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The assessment space is shaking again!

Click~!

A very slight crisp sound!

In front of the enchantment, only a very thin crack appeared, and it was fleeting.

Qiyue saw it clearly.

The next second, Qin Feng was shocked again and retreated!

The four clones were knocked out again.

Failed again this time!

Tiandao also sent a reminder.