Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Until the last minute! We will never admit defeat! We will definitely win!"

At this moment, the blood in the channel is boiling.

Qin Feng also looked surging.Aall ğ’ğ’†west chğ’‚ptğ’†rs on n.o./vğ’†lğ’ƒi/n/(.)cğ’m

At the same time, there was a burst of joy in his heart.

There are so many people helping him to search for the corpses of level 5 beasts, as well as various spiritual flowers and grasses.

I believe that he will have a big harvest soon.

But at this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Hey! Is it so difficult to admit that others are excellent? Obviously the opponent is much stronger than us, and we have no chance of winning at all. You are still here talking about your dreams!"

Wu Yong was furious: "Liu Yuan! It's fine if you don't help, and you're still talking nasty things here! Shut up, you!"

Liu Yuan: "Come on! Come on! Who said I wouldn't help? I'm going to find Lingcao...Hey!"

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement: The countdown is over, and the betting begins! ã€‘

The countdown is finally over.

The test has begun!

Qin Feng quickly quit the chat channel

Chapter 42 Promotion to Level 7

After exiting the chat channel, Qin Feng started to act.

He hurried towards the end of the Bone Wilderness.

There is a large green grassland there, and it should be easier to find beasts.

To kill monsters and upgrade, the first condition is to be able to find beasts.

If you can't find the beast, everything is nonsense!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Just like that, in the wilderness, there was a rapid sound of breaking through the air.

With the help of the shadow boots, Qin Feng's speed was extremely fast, and he went all the way unimpeded.

Soon, he passed a small mound.

Just as he passed the mound, he felt something in his heart.

"Huh! This is?"

Thought strengthens talent, giving him super intuition.

At this moment, a burst of vigilance suddenly surged in his heart, and he couldn't help but look down.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

Boom~!

The mound suddenly exploded, and a huge black scorpion tail rushed out from the ground, stabbed like a long spear, and stabbed straight into his chest.

Fuck it~!

sneak attack!

All this changed so fast that Qin Feng was a little caught off guard.

Nothing more than this fierce beast hidden in the ground.

The thick layer of soil completely obscured its breath and also concealed its figure.

This made Qin Feng's visual and olfactory talents useless.

å‘² La ~!

In the blink of an eye, the scorpion tail stabbed in front of Qin Feng, with a piercing cracking sound.

That scarlet tail needle, bent like a hook, shone with a chilling light!

This thing is poisonous!

At this moment of crisis, Qin Feng's long knife flanked.

When~!

A soft sound like a symphony of gold and iron!

That scorpion tail is as hard as steel!

Qin Feng's knife deflected the attack of the scorpion tail...

Bang~! Bang~!

But then, the ground exploded continuously!

Two huge scorpion pincers rushed out of the ground and attacked Qin Feng at the same time.

One of the scorpion pliers is clamped to Qin Feng's legs, and the other is clamped to his waist...

"court death!"

Qin Feng's footsteps made a mistake, so he avoided one scorpion pincer, and at the same time met another scorpion pincer...

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

That knife cut off the scorpion pincers!

Green juice, spewing out of those fractures...

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

Accompanied by a painful scream, the ground exploded, and a giant scorpion with a body length of ten meters suddenly rushed out of the ground, bringing up the dust in the sky.

"What a big scorpion!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a closer look.

ã€Ferocious Beastã€‘: Blind Earth Dragon Scorpion

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 15 stars

[Characteristics]: Highly poisonous, blind, and hearing amazing.

[Talent]: Superficial hearing (E grade), earth element induction (F grade)

[Skill]: Breath Convergence (to restrain one's own breath)

[Explosion rate]: 1.2%

Fuck it~!

This is actually a level 12 beast!

In the level 10 vicious beast area, there are also level 12 vicious beasts?

Qin Feng was surprised.

Whoo~!

At this moment, the giant scorpion rushed over angrily.

Although it is blind, its hearing is extremely amazing. It immediately judged Qin Feng's location and went straight to kill it.

In the blink of an eye, it came close, and the huge scorpion pincers slammed into Qin Feng's chest.

Qin Feng quickly dodged.

Boom~!

The scorpion pliers slammed into the air and smashed directly on the ground, blowing up the dust.

Swish~!

At this moment, a cold light lit up in the dust.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng slashed the giant scorpion's head with a knife, splitting it in half, splashing a piece of gray-brown juice...

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The giant scorpion struggled a few times in pain, and then fell to the ground, and the huge scorpion tail hung down weakly...

Immediately afterwards, a white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Succeeded in killing the level 12 blind ground dragon scorpion! Get 620 ability points! ã€‘

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 7! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 10 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 10 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 10 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 10 points! ã€‘

ã€You get 5 free attributes! ã€‘

Upgraded!

Finally got to level 7!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

Having said that, how could there be a level 12 beast in this level 10 beast zone?

Could it be that this is the last map of Novice Village, so there will be beasts higher than level 10.

If this is the case, the level of danger here will exceed his expectations.

I don't want to think so much anymore, it's the key to upgrade now, but don't let that Amir win.

At the moment, Qin Feng hurried forward to extract the scorpion corpse...

ã€Endless extraction success! You have acquired an E-level talent - Super-Hearing! ã€‘

[Hearing Super-Enhanced: Hearing is enhanced twenty times. ã€‘

good!

Got a new talent!

Or the listening talent he has been craving!

Sight, smell, and hearing are the three most powerful tools for searching for beasts!

In this way, he will be fully awake, and it will be easier to search for beasts.

It must be cool to kill monsters next!

After rejoicing, Qin Feng set off immediately.

He alone is tied to the rise and fall of the entire novice village, and he doesn't want to waste time at will.

More importantly, the win or loss this time also represents the face of the people of Longguo.

The countries in the regional channel are all waiting to see the jokes of the people of the Long Kingdom.

This time, he's going to slap them loudly!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Another rapid burst of air!

Qin Feng continued on his way.

"Huh! This is?"