Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Your second shot failed, please make your third shot...]

"It failed!"

Qin Feng stabilized his body and sighed involuntarily.

This is the second time it has failed!

He only had one last shot left.

If you fail again, you will have no chance to get SS grade evaluation again.

Seeing this scene, Qi Yue also showed regret.

Afterwards, she said unwillingly: "Master, I saw it just now. After you took action, although the barrier was not broken, there was a small crack. This shows that you are only a short distance away from breaking it! What a pity!"

The more Qi Yue said, the more regretful it became!

If the master can increase the attack power limit of seven or eight hundred stars, maybe he can crack it in one fell swoop.

such a pity!

All the methods that the master can use have been used, and it is almost impossible to break the world again.

Thinking of this, she was a little unwilling.

"Master, or this time, I will shoot with you together, plus my attack power, there may be a chance to break the world."

Qin Feng hurriedly shook his head: "No! According to the rules, if you make a move, it is a violation of the rules. Even if you succeed in breaking the world, your grades will be cancelled. Besides, what I'm missing now is the upper limit of attack power."

"On the basis of my original attack power, I have to increase the combat power of seven or eight hundred stars to break through this barrier. With your attack power, even if you help me, it will not help."

Qi Yue anxiously said, "What should I do then?!"

She knew that what the master said was the truth.

Even if she steps in to help, it's useless.

The master's current attack power has been raised to the limit.

If you want to improve on the original basis, let alone seven or eight hundred stars, even if you upgrade to one hundred stars, it will be as difficult as reaching the sky.

What is even more worrying is that the fusion time between the master and the Great Sun Spirit Orb is less than three minutes.

Don't hesitate any longer, the time is over!

When the fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb reaches the time limit, the master will have no chance!

Just when Qiyue was in a hurry, Qin Feng muttered.

"Is it still seven or eight hundred stars? Then I still have a chance!"

Hearing this, Qiyue was stunned!

Is there any way for the master?

This is an increase of seven or eight hundred star combat power on the basis of the original!

Not looking for a seven or eight hundred star person to help.

Difficulty is incomparable!

She couldn't think of anything else, what else could the master do? !

Boom~!

Just when Qiyue was thinking wildly, Qin Feng's whole body broke out again.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The four avatars also burst into momentum at the same time!

Qiyue opened her eyes nervously.

She knew that the master was about to take action again!

This is the master's last chance to go out!

Swish~! Swish~! Brush ~!

At this moment, Qin Feng and the four clones shot at the same time.

The five bodies are concentric!

Full blow!

The monstrous weather, in one piece!

Go forward to the barrier and blast away!L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The attacking momentum covers the sky and the ground, carrying the mighty might that destroys the world and swept away everything!

Just when Qin Feng's knife was about to hit the barrier, the Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with golden light.

Om~!

The sword comes with skill activation!

The sky-breaking blow broke out completely!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's attack power limit skyrocketed by a thousand stars!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang like a cosmic collapse!

Ka~cha~!

The extremely tough barrier shattered!

Become a starlight!

Dissipate on its own!

Broke!

Qin Feng actually broke the barrier!

Qi Yue on the side was dumbfounded, her mouth wide open.

The next second, she burst into earth-shattering cheers.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Congratulations on breaking through the eighth barrier and getting an SS rating. 】

Qin Feng was ecstatic!

He himself couldn't believe it.

SS grade rating!

That's 120 points.

In this way, after two assessments, he accumulated 170 points.

The extra reward of more than 150 points has been properly obtained.

However, over 200 points, the extra experience can only be doubled.

As long as he can get more than 30 points in the next two assessments, then if he can get more than 200 points, the extra reward will be doubled.

Of course, if he can bring down the total score by more than 300 points, the bonus will be tripled.

That is also the highest reward for the high-level divine grade assessment, and there is no higher reward than this.

I am afraid that for millions of years, few people have reached such a height!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

He wanted to hit the highest reward!

If he wants to get the highest reward, in the next two assessments, he must at least get SS grade evaluation in one.

Otherwise, it is impossible for him to reach more than 300 points.

SS grade rating!

This is so hard!

Qin Feng was a little nervous.

It is extremely difficult to get an S-rank rating, let alone an SS-rank.

He wasn't sure that in the next two assessments, he would be able to get an SS-level evaluation.

After all, he is good at attacking power.

Not so good in other respects.

"Master! Congratulations on your SS rating!"

At this moment, Qi Yue walked over happily.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, and just as he was about to speak, his expression changed slightly.

In the next second, a fist-sized divine bead flew out of his body automatically.

The time limit for the fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb has come!

His combat power dropped by 500 stars, and the law of extreme sun disappeared.

"Master, is the time limit for the fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb reached?"

"Yeah! Yue'er, you go back to the zero-degree space and turn on the time force field. I will also send the Great Sun Spirit Orb and the Shinra Heavenly Blade. used."

It turned out that after the Great Sun Spirit Orb is fused once, it needs to be recharged for 24 hours before it can be fused again.

If there is Qiyue's time force field blessing, two and a half hours have passed in the outside world, and 25 hours have passed in the zero-degree space, which is enough to restore the Great Sun Spirit Orb.

In the same way, the sky-shattering strike of the Shinra Heavenly Blade also requires 24 hours of recharging.

If there is Qiyue's help, in less than two and a half hours, the sky-breaking blow can be used again.

It can be seen that Qiyue's time skills are of great help to Qin Feng.

At the moment, Qiyue understood Qin Feng's thoughts.

The master is making some preparations for the next two assessments.

"Master, then let Yue'er go back!"

Qiyue obediently agreed.

"Well! By the way, this blood essence is for you!"

When Qin Feng turned his hand, there was another mass of blood in his palm.

[Kirin blood essence (middle grade): seventh-order item]

[Reminder: Refining this blood essence requires the strength of the soul body to reach the prefecture level. 】

Qiyue was surprised: "Master, don't you want to condense SSS-level bloodline talent? To condense SSS-level bloodline talent, you must have all the spirits and blood of the nine attributes of the beasts, and they must be refined."

"You gave me this ball of divine beast blood. Where can I find the divine beast's blood in the future?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "The blood of thunder-type divine beasts is not only found in unicorns, but also other thunder-type divine beasts. Besides, the beast gods I got are incomplete, only the blood of thunder-type divine beasts can't be refined."

"If you want to refine the blood of the thunder-type divine beast, you have to wait for me to repair the beast's seal in the future. On the contrary, you, your bloodline talent is still at the B level. You need to refine this blood more than I do."

"Before, you were in the human-level realm and couldn't refine this middle-grade divine blood. Now you have been promoted to the earth-level realm, and you can refine it. Then take advantage of this time and hurry up and refine it!"

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the qilin blood essence floated over automatically.

Qi Yue was grateful, and quickly took the blood.

Qin Feng smiled again: "Go and refine! Maybe, if you refine this group of blood essence, your time ability will be improved again, which will help me even more."

Qi Yue hurriedly said: "Master, I'll go to refining now!"

At the moment, Qin Feng said no more, and directly put Qiyue and the four clones into the zero-degree space.

Afterwards, he sent the Great Sun Spirit Bead and the Shinra Heavenly Blade into the zero-dimensional space.

Having said that, Qiyue can release the time force field while refining the blood of the beast.

It really does kill two birds with one stone!

Don't delay anything!