Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng's thoughts turned into white light, and he was sent out of the examination room by heaven.

The 339th chapter is comparable to the sixth level of heaven

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the assessment hall.

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Congratulations on completing the second assessment—attack assessment. 】

[You received an SS-level evaluation in this assessment, with 120 points. You will get a total of 170 points in the two assessments. 】

[Players please rest for a while, the third test will start in ten minutes...]

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

A total of 170 points have been accumulated, and things are progressing in a positive direction.

At the moment, he began to rest and wait,…

At the same time, the big world outside.

In Longyuan Town, after finishing Xiao Luan's wooden house.

Everyone started to actively upgrade their wooden houses.

Everyone is working hard to attack the 6th-level town.

Now, with more than 60,000 slaves in Longyuan Town, the collection speed of various resources has suddenly increased dozens of times.

Those slaves do not need to upgrade to fight monsters, let alone consume various resources.

Just give them some food to feed them.

It can be described as a profit!

This change made the upgrade of the wooden houses of Longyuan townspeople no longer stagnant, and many people began to attack the level 6 wooden houses.

Upgrading the 6th-level wooden house can get 1600 attribute rewards, which is equivalent to increasing the combat power of about 30 stars.

Because of this, Qishan, Liu Xuan, Liu Yuan and other high-level officials made some new arrangements.

That is to tilt all the resources of the 6-level wooden house to the townspeople with a combat power of 170 to 199 stars.

They asked this group of people to give priority to the upgrade of the level 6 wooden house.

Because as long as these people complete the upgrade of the wooden house, the combat power can break 200 stars, and they can give Qin Feng back attributes.

You know, breaking a 200-star combat power can give Qin Feng 100 attributes back, which is still very impressive.

Everyone knows that they can't help Qin Feng, so they can only help Qin Feng as much as possible through these details.

In this way, all 187 people in Longyuan Town are working hard...

At the same time, the Yuan family headquarters.

In a courtyard with blooming flowers, Yuan Kong strolled in the courtyard while looking at the sun in the sky.

It is noon now.

In five or six hours, the prestige challenge will be over.

The time for the Yuan clan to harvest is coming.

Obtaining the addresses of ten novice villages at one time is equivalent to destroying ten challenger forces, and the points obtained are quite a lot!

Maybe, he can overtake the Yaotian family in one fell swoop and become the number one score in all nearby areas.

At this thought, Yuan Kong was immediately excited.

At this moment, footsteps sounded behind him.

An old man in a gray robe hurried over.

"Jibo, how is the situation?"

Yuan Kong looked at the old man.

"Patriarch Hui, the old man has secretly investigated, and the Xiao Clan, the Hui Clan, the Ye Clan, and the Shi Clan have all made big moves. They sent people to search for the challenging forces in the No. 1 area."

"On the contrary, the Cang Clan and the Qi Clan have been standing still. I don't know what these two clans are doing, it's a bit abnormal!"

Yuan Kong frowned slightly: "Stay still? This is indeed a bit abnormal!"

He muttered, then looked up in the direction of Seven Killing Valley.

"The real backers of the Cang and Chi clans are the beast gods! Is it possible that the beast gods have any major actions to make the two clans stand still?"

Yuankong whispered softly.

In this area, he has two important competitors.

One is the beast **** of Seven Killing Valley, and the other is the old monster from Xunyungang.

If it is said that the beast **** is the backer of the Zhi and Cang people.

The old monster in Xunyungang was the backer of the Xiao Clan and the Huo Clan.

He is very concerned about every move of these two powerful men.

He has always been worried that the beast **** will break through one day, and his strength will crush him in one fell swoop, thus breaking the balance of power in this area.

Protect the seven clans, both cooperative and competitive.

Behind every force there is a hidden force that cannot be underestimated.

"Ji Bo, do you think the beast **** is doing something?"

Ji Bo whispered: "Patriarch, you don't have to worry. Although the beast **** is very strong, you can crush him soon."

Yuan Kong wondered: "How do you say this?"

Ji Bo smiled and said, "Patriarch, have you forgotten? The prestige challenge is about to end. As soon as it ends, we can find those challenging forces and collect a lot of points."

"At that time, we will use the points to exchange for opportunities, so that you can break through the bottleneck in one fell swoop and step into the fourth level of heaven. At that time, you will not be able to crush the beast gods."

Hearing this, Yuan Kong's eyes lit up and he smiled without saying a word.

In his opinion, Ji Bo was right.

He is now at the peak of the third level of heaven, and he is only one chance away from the fourth level of heaven.

As for the prestige challenge this time, he is bound to be the biggest winner.

At this thought, Yuan Kong was secretly happy, and at the same time, he was even more looking forward to the end of the prestige challenge.

Immediately, Yuan Kong smiled and said, "That said, I can't be careless. Ji Bo, go to Si Lao and let him go to the clan's lair to investigate secretly. See if the beast **** has a new move."

Si Lao is the supreme elder of the Yuan clan, a heaven-level second-level powerhouse.

"Yes! Patriarch! The subordinates will tell the elder Si now!"

Ji Bo hurriedly took the order and left.

Looking at Ji Bo's back, Yuan Kong smiled with satisfaction.

Now just wait for the prestige challenge to end.

He also hopes that all the challenging forces in the No. 1 area will be removed as soon as possible, so as not to be taken away by others...

Up to now, Yuan Kong still doesn't know that a terrible catastrophe is about to come...

At the same moment, the hall of divine grade assessment.

Qin Feng has rested for ten minutes.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Break time is over! The third test is about to begin: the speed test! 】

[Please enter the sub-exam room within three seconds. 】

Om~!

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head, and a lot of information poured into his mind.

Afterwards, the entrance door of the sub-examination room rose just ahead.

Qin Feng stepped directly into the door of light...

The next second, he found himself standing at the entrance of a huge canyon.

On both sides of the canyon are cliffs as high as hundreds of millions of feet, one after another, with no end in sight.

The ground of the canyon is boiling magma, and the fiery red lava is constantly rolling. It seems to contain the power of the terrifying fire law, which can burn everything.

Looking at the sky above the canyon, there are dark clouds and thunderstorms.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

One after another, mad thunder with thick arms fell from the sky and slammed into the magma, blasting the magma and the flames flying. The scene was extremely terrifying.

The assessment content of this game is to rush from one end of the canyon to the other end of the canyon.

The shorter the time taken, the higher the rating.

Qin Feng took a deep breath, feeling a little fortunate in his heart.

Fortunately, he has mastered the ability to fly!

According to such a terrain, if he walks from the magma to the other end, it will definitely take a lot of time.

That would be extremely unfavorable to his assessment.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Please enter the valley within three seconds for the assessment. Countdown: 3….2….1…0….]

Boom~!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

At the end of the timer, Qin Feng spread his wings, soared into the sky, plunged into the canyon at once, and rushed towards the other end of the canyon desperately...

This test is all about time!

He must hurry up all the time!

In any case, he must get an A-level rating or above.

If it is lower than the A-level evaluation, he does not need to consider 300 points, because it is absolutely impossible to complete.

But an A-level or above evaluation is not easy, he must go all out!

Swish~!

An afterimage appeared in the sky!

The law of wind! The law of speed! Run at the same time!

The power of the double law exploded!

Qin Feng's speed is extremely fast!

At this moment, he and Xiao Luan'er are in a state of integration, and their combat power is 8500 stars, which is equivalent to the strength of the four-level peak of the sky.

But at this moment, the speed of his explosion completely reached the fifth level of heaven.

Swish~!

In just one breath, he escaped five or six miles away.

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, he teleported again and appeared fifteen miles away.

Space talent, at this moment also shine!

After this teleportation was completed, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

For every teleport in the past, the longest teleport distance was ten miles.

This time, his teleport distance became fifteen miles.

This shows that after Xiao Luan'er's strength has greatly increased, his space ability has also become much stronger.

And the teleportation combined with his flying speed made the speed he showed was comparable to the sixth level of heaven...

Such speed is terrifying!