Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Swish~!

Qin Feng continued to flee quickly!

There is a rule for teleportation, that is, it cannot be teleported continuously, and it must be separated by one second.

After escaping for a second, he teleported again and appeared fifteen miles away again.

After a few times, he escaped a hundred miles away.

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have already escaped for 100 miles, and it took 6.87 seconds]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

According to the prompt, this canyon is thousands of miles long.

If you can reach the other side of the canyon within 700 seconds, you can get an SS rating.

Now, it took him 6.87 seconds to travel a hundred miles

The journey of ten thousand miles would take 687 seconds, which seems to be within 700 seconds.

With that in mind, he has a good chance of getting an SS-level rating!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of surprises.

Kacha~!

At this moment, a mad thunder that destroyed the sky and the earth smashed down from the sky and directly hit Qin Feng's head.

The speed of the mad thunder is as fast as the speed of light, and it has already locked Qin Feng's breath, making it unavoidable.

Sure enough, the SS-level evaluation is not so easy to get, the real obstacle is coming

Chapter 340 Excellent performance, activate mysterious tasks!

Kacha~!

In just an instant, the mad thunder struck Qin Feng.

噼~li~pa~la!

Immediately, blue and barking electric lights flickered around him.

Generally, being hit by wild lightning will not only severely damage the body, but also paralyze the whole body, greatly affecting the movement speed of the person.

After Qin Feng was struck by the thunder, he was also slightly taken aback.

But the next second, he was ecstatic!

It turned out that the power of lightning could not hurt him at all, and it had no effect on his speed.

This time, the benefits of mastering the Thunder Element talent were immediately reflected.

Swish~!

Qin Feng immediately accelerated to escape!

At his current speed, he must be driven at full speed to have a chance - he can get an SS-level evaluation.

If there is a slight stagnation, you may not be able to reach the other end within 700 seconds, and you will miss the SS-level evaluation...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Qin Feng kept accelerating his escape and teleportation.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

At the same time, the mad thunder in the air kept hitting him.

He didn't dodge at all, and even faced the mad thunder and rushed forward.

The momentum is rampant!

Keep going!

There is a great saying, ‘Although there are thousands of people, I will go! ' Domineering aura!

Now is a race against time, how could he delay a little time in order to avoid the mad thunder!

More importantly, those wild thunders couldn't hurt him, and there was no need to dodge...

In this way, he hurriedly escaped and teleported all the way, as if passing a level, rushing away...

Having said that, the difficulty of this first-class divine-grade foundation-building assessment is too exaggerated, far stronger than the top-grade foundation-building assessment.

However, the rewards for the two are very different!

The best foundation building, its foundation building power is only 500 stars.

The foundation building of the inferior **** grade, its foundation building power is 1000 stars.

A medium-grade god-level foundation building, its foundation building power is 2000 stars.

The foundation of the first-class gods is built, and the power of its foundation is 4000 stars.

Once you complete the foundation building of the first-class gods, you can obtain the power of 4,000 star foundation building, which is comparable to the best foundation building!

In addition, in the high-level divine grade assessment, if you perform well, there will be additional rewards.

What's that extra reward?

Qin Feng is not clear.

Perhaps, the reward is also the power of foundation building.

In this way, the foundation building power obtained by the extremely outstanding person is not only 4000 stars, but may even reach 5000 stars.

When you think about it, it's very exciting.

This is also the reason why Qin Feng desperately wants to get extra rewards.

If the power of foundation building can reach 5000 stars, then the ability is superior to the top grade.

A heaven-level powerhouse with a high-grade dao, the power of merging the dao is 4000 stars.

And the heaven-level powerhouse with the best combination of Dao can reach 8,000 stars in the power of Dao.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng had passed 3,330 miles, exactly one-third of the way.

At this time, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: You have already crossed one-third of the road and it took 217.17 seconds. 】

[Reminder: In the next third of the road, the power of the lightning attack will be tripled. 】

What? !

Difficulty is going up!

Qin Feng was shocked!

Kacha~!

Right at this moment, a mad thunder that was twice as thick hit him above his head.

Crazy thunder has yet to come!

He has already sensed that the power of the law contained in the mad thunder has reached three times that of the law of A-level thunder, and the power is extremely terrifying!

But this kind of lightning attack is almost unavoidable, and can only be hit obediently.

At this moment, Qin Feng's heart moved...

The Law of Thunder talent is activated!

The Law of Body talent is activated!

The dark law talent is activated!

The power of the three laws!

Layer upon layer!

The breath of Dao Yun was pushed to the extreme.

Boom~!

The mad thunder struck Qin Feng fiercely.

Lightning flashes everywhere!

Qin Feng's face showed ecstasy again.

Ha ha!

Again unscathed!

No impact at all!

It turned out that the law of thunder can increase the resistance to the power of lightning.

The law of the body increases the defense ability of the body.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Dark Law can absorb some elemental damage.

The power of the triple law is superimposed, and it completely cancels the damage of three times the lightning.

Swish~!

After this resistance, Qin Feng no longer had any scruples and rushed forward...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

It's another rush and teleportation, Qin Feng's speed is getting faster and faster...

At the same time, he also discovered a phenomenon.

That is, every 30 miles or so, a mad thunder will be split in the air, not continuous and intensive attacks...

This is also a time for players to breathe.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng had crossed a third of the way.

Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: You have already crossed two-thirds of the road, and it took 431.21 seconds. 】

[Reminder: In the next 3,000 miles of road, the power of the lightning attack will be increased to six times. 】

Damn it!

The power has increased again!

Qin Feng was depressed.

But this time, he has no better way...

Kacha~!

At this moment, a mad thunder struck down, twice as thick as the previous thunder and lightning.

Its power has suddenly reached six times!

Qin Feng thought about it, and once again urged all kinds of talents...

The Law of Thunder!

The law of the body!

The law of darkness!

The law of wood!

The four laws of talent are activated at the same time!

Boom~!