Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A muffled sound!

The mad thunder struck Qin Feng.

The six times the attack power finally broke the defense!

Qin Feng clearly felt pain and a little numbness.

But in the next second, his whole body was bright blue, and all the strange feeling disappeared instantly.

That is the healing effect of the Law of Wood, and it played a role in an instant.

All the strangeness disappeared, and he continued to rush forward...

However, this time he was attacked, it took a little time to recover from the abnormal state, and the speed naturally slowed down...

In the blink of an eye, he fled for thirty miles and encountered the second mad thunder...

It was another mad thunder attack, and he was once again delayed for a while.

In this way, Qin Feng's speed gradually slowed down, significantly slower than the previous two-thirds journey...

Time flies!L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

In a blink of an eye, he had passed 9,700 miles, and he was only 300 miles away from the finish line...

Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: You have already crossed the 9,700-mile road section, which took 678.13 seconds. 】

[Reminder: In the next three hundred miles of road, the power of the lightning attack will increase tenfold. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shaken all over, secretly thinking that it was over.

Tenfold increase in power!

That's an absolute breakout!

And now the time limit of 700 seconds is less than 22 seconds.

Even if there is no lightning attack, he wants to reach the finish line within 22 seconds, and it is a bit difficult, not to mention that the power of lightning has increased to such a terrifying level!

Ka~cha~!

Before he could think about it, the mad thunder struck the sky!

This time, the thunder and lightning were actually blue and red, and the power was terrifying, suddenly reaching ten times the previous power.

Qin Feng was helpless, and immediately urged the four laws of talent!

Boom~!

That blue-red thunderbolt hit Qin Feng hard...

0

Where it hit, the armor shattered, phoenix feathers flew, and left a scorch mark of lightning.

And Qin Feng was paralyzed by the electricity, and he was stagnant in the air, unable to move.

The impact this time is extremely serious!

Om~!

The laws of the wood system are fully motivated!

The blue light keeps flashing!

This time, it took 1.1 seconds for Qin Feng to recover.

But this waste of time, he is less than 21 seconds away from the limit of 700 seconds...

In this situation, it is almost impossible for him to obtain an SS-level evaluation.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng roared in his heart!

He is not reconciled, because he is not far from the SS grade evaluation.

There must be a way!

Swish~!

Qin Feng escaped quickly all the way, while his mind was running fast.

He must get an SS rating!

In a blink of an eye, he had escaped for thirty miles, leaving only two hundred and seventy miles away from the end...

Ka~cha~!

At this moment, the terrifying ten-fold thunder and lightning struck again.

In just one thought, Kuang Lei reached the top of his head.

Seeing that he was about to hit Qin Feng again.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's mind flashed, and his mind immediately moved.

0

Swish~!

Suddenly, a white light flashed above his head, and the phantom avatar appeared out of nowhere, and suffered the lightning strike for him.

Kacha~!

Lightning strikes!

The Mirage clone was instantly bombarded and blackened!

But Qin Feng also avoided the catastrophe and rushed forward unimpeded...

This time, his speed was even faster than before!

Because there was no lightning disturbance, his speed naturally increased.

In the blink of an eye, he had escaped for another thirty miles.

Ka~cha~!

Ten times the thunder and lightning, smashing down again!

huh~!

White light flashes!

The Moon Spirit clone appeared out of thin air and met the lightning strike.

Qin Feng was unimpeded again and continued to rush forward...

In just a few seconds, he escaped for another thirty miles.

Ka~cha~!

Another ten times the thunder and lightning smashed down!

huh~!

Qin Feng's third clone appeared out of thin air, facing the attack of thunder and lightning...

It turned out that Qin Feng thought of a wonderful method, that is, to use space summoning, let the four avatars appear in one thought, and resist the lightning attack for him.

And with the strength of the four avatars, the tenfold madness could not defeat them.

After this, Qin Feng found that this method was extremely effective.

In this way, for the last three hundred miles, he was unimpeded, and his speed was raised to the limit...

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

A swift run away!

Qin Feng finally reached the finish line!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as he reached the end, the sky and the earth roared, the canyon shook, the dark clouds in the sky disappeared, and countless wild thunders stopped one after another.

This exam is over!

The next second, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[You spent 699.12 seconds to complete this assessment. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained an SS-level evaluation in this assessment and scored 120 points. 】

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Got another SS rating.

Now he has a total of 290 points.

The goal of 300 points is only 10 points away

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: You have performed well in the assessment, and you have accumulated one S-level evaluation and two SS-level evaluations. You meet the hidden conditions and activate the once-in-a-million-year challenge task. 】

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked.

He actually activated a mysterious challenge mission

Chapter 341 Challenge the first, the killing starts!

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked.

He actually activated a mysterious challenge mission.

Tiandao's reminders continue to come

[Reminder: This assessment takes one million years as an assessment period. During this assessment period, only four people have exceeded 300 points, and no one has exceeded 400 points. 】

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

The assessment of this high-level divine product is so difficult that over the past million years, there have been four people who have broken the 300 points.

In this world, there is no shortage of the proud sons of the heavens.

In addition, there is a hidden message here.

That is, in the past one million years, no one has broken 400 points, which does not mean that no one can break through one million years ago.

This assessment period is based on one million years and does not represent all assessment records.

Maybe someone broke 400 points millions of years ago.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Challenge content 1: If the challenge points exceed 400 points, he will become the first player to reach 400 points in this million years. 】

[Successful challenge, the additional reward is quadrupled, additional reward: 20 reputation points, 10,000 attribute points. 】

[Challenge content 2: The challenge points exceeded 500 points, becoming the first player to reach 500 points in the past one million years. 】

[If the challenge is successful, the extra reward will be doubled by 5. Additional rewards: 30 reputation points, 20,000 attribute points reward. 】

[Reminder: If the challenge fails, there will be no punishment! 】

[Reminder: After completing two challenges, the additional rewards cannot be stacked, but the additional rewards can be stacked. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This challenge is fun!

If the challenge fails, there will be no penalty.

The challenge is successful, but the reward is extremely rich.