Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Not only will the additional rewards be doubled, but also generous additional rewards will be given.

10,000 attribute points and 20,000 attribute points for additional rewards, this is not a small amount!

Even better, there are prestige bonuses among the bonuses.

Prestige is one of the things Qin Feng needs most at present, because the prestige challenge is not over yet, and the reward has not yet been determined.

According to the task prompt, if you complete two challenges in a row, the additional rewards can be stacked.

In other words, if he can complete two challenges in a row, he can gain 50 reputation.

His current reputation is 741 points, and if he gets 50 more reputation points, he can reach 791 points in one fell swoop, and he will be in sight after breaking 800 points.

If he has 800 reputation points, he can get 100,000 attribute points in the reputation challenge!

This is another huge harvest!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was on fire, and he was already moved.

At this moment, the space distorted for a while, and he turned into white light and disappeared at the end of the canyon.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in the assessment hall.

He was sent back by Heavenly Dao.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Congratulations on completing the third assessment—speed assessment. 】

[You received an SS-level evaluation in this assessment, with 120 points. You will get a total of 290 points in three assessments. 】

[Athletes please rest for a while, the final assessment will start in ten minutes...]

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and began to calculate in his heart.

After three games, he scored 290 points.

If he wants to break the 400-point challenge, in the last game, he must get an SS rating.

If he wants to break through the 500-point challenge, in the last game, he must get an SSS rating.

SSS-level evaluation, that is the highest-level evaluation, with a score of 240 points.

But this difficulty is extremely exaggerated!

Qin Feng still has some extravagant hopes for the SS-level evaluation, and he is a little less confident in the SSS-level evaluation.

In the first three assessments, he tried his best to get the SS-level evaluation.

Can the last item get an SSS-level evaluation?

Soon, ten minutes passed.

Tiandao sent a reminder again.

【Break time is over! The final assessment is about to begin: the killing assessment! 】

[Please enter the sub-exam room within three seconds. 】

Om~!

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head, and a lot of information poured into his mind.

Afterwards, the entrance door of the sub-examination room rose just ahead.

Killing test!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The assessment of comprehensive strength is coming!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He is looking forward to the content of this assessment.

Immediately, he stepped directly into the gate of light and entered the examination room...

After a while, he appeared in a huge valley.

The valley was extremely huge, and he was like a small ant in it.

Looking at the gray sky again, the air is full of Xiao killing implication, which is depressing.

At this moment, the space in front was distorted, and a monster with a dog's head and a human body came out of the void.

I saw that the monster had a majestic physique, was wearing leather armor, and was up to 10 feet tall, with a pair of canine eyes that devoured people, staring at Qin Feng coldly.

There was a hint of disdain deep in those eyes.

Ha ha!

Human realm!

The monster sneered in his heart!

It has been at this level for too many years, and it has seen too many players.

Many players performed very well in the first three assessments, and even won S-level and SS-level evaluations.

But at this level, he couldn't even get an F-rank evaluation and was eliminated directly.

Nothing more than those players have S-level talent, even SS-level talent, SSS-level talent.

Under the blessing of those powerful talents, they perform extremely well in one aspect.

But this hurdle is to assess the overall strength and the ability to assess all aspects. Any weakness in one aspect will be magnified.

Therefore, the evaluations of many players in this assessment are often lower than the evaluations of the first three items.

Even a small half of the people were directly eliminated by him.

This kid in front of me, I'm afraid it won't be an exception.

How can it be so easy to obtain the foundation of the first-class gods!

Thinking of this, the monster's eyes are full of pride...

It doesn't know that Qin Feng is full of confidence at the moment

Qin Feng's strength is that he has many talents!

And the three assessments of soul body, attack, and speed can only allow him to exert part of his talent.

It is this killing test that allows him to show all of his innate abilities.

In other words, killing is his strongest ability!

In this assessment, he won the SSS grade evaluation, there is still hope...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly became high-spirited and looked directly at the tiger-headed monster...

[Evil Object]: Shouguan Dog Spirit Emperor (Emperor Level)

[Strength]: The pinnacle of the prefecture level

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

"Not much information was revealed, and even the strength was vaguely introduced."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Please kill the guard dog Spirit Emperor within 10 minutes. If you fail to kill within 10 minutes, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

The result of the assessment is to kill, not defeat!

That difficulty is incomparable!

Generally speaking, it is many times harder to kill than to defeat.

What's more, killing the target in just ten minutes.

If there is no absolute advantage in combat power, it is extremely difficult to do.

[The assessment of this level has officially started! Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

Boom~!

As soon as the prompt sounded, the Dog Spirit Emperor suddenly slaughtered.

In the blink of an eye, it came close.

sigh~!

I saw Emperor Dog Ling waved his claws and grabbed it towards Qin Feng.

The sharp claws cut through the void, leaving three claw marks in the air, and made a 'chichi' cutting sound, which was extremely powerful.

In the blink of an eye, the claws came to the front, grabbing Qin Feng's face.

"die!"

Boom~!

Qin Feng directly greeted him with a punch!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

5.1 The Dog Spirit Emperor was blasted with a punch!

Suddenly turned into a starlight!

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew from the starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the guardian dog Spirit Emperor (Emperor level) successfully, you get +6.71 million energy points. 】

[Killing the guardian dog Spirit Emperor (Emperor level) successfully, you will get +50,000 Judgment Points. 】

[Killing the guardian dog Lingdi (Emperor-level) successfully, you have obtained an F-level evaluation. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, open the second level]

what!

Killing this guardian spirit can actually get a lot of energy and judgment.

It's really good!

Qin Feng was surprised and happy.

Especially the judgment value, which has always been something that can be met but not sought.

Unexpectedly, it can also be obtained in such an examination.

In this way, it is really a silent opportunity.

Qin Feng was delighted.

The first level got 50,000 Judgment Points.

According to this development, he is expected to upgrade his vocation one level in this assessment.

Chapter 342 Passing the test, the vocation is promoted!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

The space in front was distorted for a while, and a monster with a leopard head came out of the void.

The monster was a head taller than the Dog Spirit Emperor, and its aura was even more powerful.

Qin Feng hurriedly looked at it.

[Evil Object]: Shouguan Leopard Spirit Emperor (Emperor Level)

[Strength]: The first level of heaven

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?