Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Features]: Jedi guard.

This time, it is the strength of the first layer of heaven!

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

For him, this level is too easy!

At the same moment, Emperor Leopard Ling also looked at Qin Feng coldly.

This person has passed the first level, and it seems that he has some skills.

However, its strength is stronger than that of the Dog Spirit Emperor, and it will definitely kill this human being.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Heaven.

[Reminder: Please kill the Guan Bao Lingdi within 10 minutes. If you fail to kill within 10 minutes, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

【Countdown: 10:0009:5909:58】

Boom~!

Qin Feng suddenly shot and punched the Leopard Spirit Emperor.

roar~!

The Leopard Spirit Emperor is furious!

Before it could make a move, this human was actually the first to attack, it was really courting death!

At the moment, it greeted it with all its strength.

In the blink of an eye, fists and claws collided!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

The whole valley is shaking!

In the next second, Emperor Leopard Spirit's body burst into pieces, turning into starlight.

Another one was blasted by Qin Feng with one punch!

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew from the starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successful killing the Guan Baoling Emperor (Emperor Rank), you will get +9.71 million energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the Guan Baoling Emperor (Emperor level), you will get +100,000 Judgment Points. 】

[Successful killing the Guan Baoling Emperor (Emperor), you have obtained an E-level evaluation. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, open the third level]

Passed the second level so easily!

He also got 100,000 judgment points and 9.71 million energy points.

Qin Feng is in a good mood 11.

In his opinion, this is not an assessment, but a harvest.

In the outside world, it is extremely difficult to find an earth-level monster.

Here, it is automatically delivered to the door.

In the blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

The monster in the third level appeared.

It was a monster with a tiger's head and a human body!

[Evil Object]: Shouguan Tiger Spirit Emperor (Emperor Level)

[Strength]: Heavenly Level 2

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

This time it's the second level of heaven!

Qin Feng didn't hesitate at all, and when he stepped forward, he punched him.

[Succeeded in killing the Guan Shou Tiger Spirit Emperor (Emperor level), you will get +15.71 million energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the Guan Shou Tiger Spirit Emperor (Emperor Grade), you will get +200,000 Judgment Points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the Guan Shou Tiger Spirit Emperor (Emperor-level), and you received a D-level evaluation. 】

The fourth level is coming soon!

Qin Feng was thinking about what kind of monster the fourth level would be?

The space in front suddenly shook.

Tiger Spirit Emperor, Leopard Spirit Emperor, and Dog Spirit Emperor came out of the void in turn.

As soon as the three Great Spirit Emperors appeared, they stared at Qin Feng angrily.

It was this human who killed them in the first three levels.

Fortunately, they are all spirits that keep the gate and can be reborn infinitely.

The experience of being killed makes them extremely angry.

They want to wash the humiliation before!

"Human, this level! You must not pass!"

Tiger Spirit Emperor actually spit out human words.

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback: "So you can talk."

"Humph!"

The Tiger Spirit Emperor sneered and gestured to the Leopard Spirit Emperor and Dog Spirit Emperor beside him.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Roar~! Roar~!

The two Great Spirit Emperors immediately raised their heads to the sky and let out a long roar, and their bodies gradually faded.

In the next second, the two great spirit emperors turned into two auras, pouring into the tiger spirit emperor's body.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

A muscle burst!

Tiger Spirit Emperor's body skyrocketed, and slowly grew two heads, a dog's head, a leopard's head, and four arms.

Suddenly, it turned into a monster with three heads and six arms, and its momentum doubled.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look up

[Evil Object]: Shouguan Three Emperors (Emperor Level)

[Strength]: Heavenly Level Triple

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

These three great spirit emperors can actually be combined, and after they are combined, they become three-phase emperors, and their strength has skyrocketed to the third level of heaven.

This is eye-opening.

At this time, the tiger head of the three emperors spit out human words again.

"Humans, soon, we will know what despair is!"

As soon as the voice fell, it raised its claws.

Suddenly, light and shadow flashed in the field, and spirit beasts appeared one after another.

Those spirit beasts, some are dogs, some are leopards, some are tigers, all of them are hideous, and the number has reached more than 100,000.

Look at the battle power of the beast group, ranging from the power of a hundred stars to the earth-level triple heaven.

However, although the strength of this group of beasts is not strong, the number is extremely considerable.

If they attack together, their combat power should not be underestimated.

Could it be that these three emperors want to launch a herd of beasts to attack and defeat him with beast sea tactics?

Just when this thought came to mind, the tiger head laughed.

"Haha! Human, this game, you are sure to lose!"

Having said this, it looked around at the beasts.

"Children! Run away! Run around!"

As soon as the voice fell, the beasts roared in unison, and ran away.

Suddenly, the beasts were galloping, the dust was flying, and the whole valley was shaking.

Qin Feng was suddenly a little confused.

What does it mean that these ferocious beasts did not come to besiege him, but fled everywhere?

Only when this thought came up, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Please kill all targets within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Reminder: If any one is missed, it will be judged as a failure to pass the level! 】

【Countdown: 10:0009:5909:58】

Qin Feng suddenly realized!

That's what happened.

The three emperors knew that he was powerful, and even if the beasts were besieged, they would not be able to defeat Qin Feng.

That being the case, they came up with a strategy to let 100,000 spirit beasts flee and disperse into the valley.

You know, this valley is thousands of miles in diameter and is extremely huge.

As long as the beasts are scattered, this human being will definitely be incapable of being cloned, and there is absolutely no way to kill all the spirit beasts.

As long as ten minutes pass, this human being will definitely lose.

In fact, more than 90% of the players are pale at this level.

"Haha! Humans! This deity sees how you can kill the beasts with your own power?!"

"Boss Tiger, this time, this human being is doomed!"

"Haha! This test is not only about the ability to duel. Humans, you are too good!"

At this moment, the three Great Spirit Emperors thought that they had won, and they all laughed wildly.

At the same moment, the herd of 100,000 beasts had dispersed and fled towards madness.

The fastest has escaped ten miles away!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled.

For other players, it may be hopeless.

But for him, it was a piece of cake!

Boom~!

Qin Feng spread his wings and soared into the sky.

In the next second, he was at a height of ten thousand feet, holding a seal.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, within a radius of 10,000 miles, the world changes color!

Countless thunder, wind, fire, earth, water, crazy riots...

Then, in the valley below, the earth cracked strangely, and countless magma spurted out, engulfing those spirit beasts...