Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The combat power range of the fourth level of heaven is from 6000 to 9000 stars.

In terms of combat power, he is now equivalent to the pinnacle of the fourth level of heaven, and should be stronger than the Qingkun Emperor, but not to the point of absolute crushing.

What's even worse is that the Qing Kun Emperor has mastered three A-level talents of wind, speed, and space, all of which are all speed-type talents.

The kun-like spirit beasts are naturally good at flying, and they are much faster than those of the same level.

If compared to the flying speed, he shouldn't be able to match the Qing Kun Emperor.

In other words, if Emperor Qingkun found that he was invincible, he would use his speed to escape, then Qin Feng would not be able to catch up.

In this way, ten minutes can be quickly delayed.

Qin Feng will definitely lose!

"It seems that this level, I either don't make a move, and I will kill if I make a move!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart...

At the same time, Emperor Qingkun was also looking at Qin Feng.

There was pride in its vertical eyes.

Unexpectedly, the three emperors actually lost!

A bunch of useless trash!

Even let this human break into the fifth level.

However, the good fortune of this human being will also end there.

For millions of years, there have not been more than ten players who have been able to break through it.

It's not how powerful it is, but it has always been cautious.

Before every shot, it must be tested first.

Once it finds that the player's strength is equal to its own, it turns around and flees, never giving the player a chance to approach itself.

As long as the distance is widened and the game is delayed for ten minutes, the player will fail to pass the level.

It will be rewarded by heaven.

Since it can win by running away, why does it have to fight?

Thinking of this, Emperor Qingkun's eyes showed smugness and a look of Qin Feng's certainty.

In fact, it does have the ability to determine players.

For millions of years, less than ten people have succeeded in breaking through it.

This record has it all!

In this way, Qin Feng and Emperor Qingkun looked at each other.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Please kill Guan Qingkun Emperor within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

Boom~!

As soon as the countdown started, Qin Feng soared into the sky and headed straight for Qingkun Emperor...

near!

He must get close to the Qingkun Emperor!

His strongest attacks are melee attacks, not ranged ones.

If you want to kill with one hit, you have to get close to Emperor Qingkun.

Boo~!

The Qingkun Emperor raised his voice to the sky, and the sound shook the sky for nine days.

In the next second, its wings shook, and tens of thousands of cyan arrows were shot out...

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The power of each feather arrow has reached the power of the local level triple.

The power of the tens of thousands of feather arrows, concentrated together, is comparable to the full-strength blow of a sky-level quadruple powerhouse.

If Qin Feng can block this blow, it means that Qin Feng has the strength of the fourth level of heaven, which is equivalent to its strength.

It will choose to run away to delay time!

If Qin Feng can't stop this blow, it means that Qin Feng is not as good as it.

It will automatically kill the past.

This is the cunning of the Qingkun Emperor.

Thinking of this, Emperor Qingkun showed a look of watching a good show.

It wants to see if this human can block the attack of the arrow formation.

At the same time, Qin Feng saw the thousands of feather arrows attacking, and did not avoid it, but continued to slaughter the Qingkun Emperor.

He must do everything possible to shorten the distance with Emperor Qingkun and achieve a one-hit kill

If he misses this chance, he won't have another chance.

In the blink of an eye, the distance between him and Emperor Qingkun narrowed a lot.

At this moment, the tens of thousands of feather arrows also attacked, covering the sky and the ground, completely surrounding him.

Those tens of thousands of attacks, hit together, can destroy the sky and destroy the earth.

If you don't resist, you will be shot full of holes!

Seeing, Qin Feng is about to be swallowed by arrow rain.

But Qin Feng didn't hold up any protective mask.

Seeing this scene, there was a hint of doubt in the eyes of Emperor Qingkun, and a hint of joy at the same time.

This kid is not defensive!

That is courting death!

In other words, this kid didn't have time to defend at all.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This thought came together, and a sudden change occurred in the field.

Qin Feng suddenly disappeared out of thin air.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the tens of thousands of feathered arrows shot into the air and collided with each other. The explosion sounded continuously, causing the world to shake.

In the next second, Qin Feng appeared strangely above Qingkun Emperor's back.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Thousands of swords soared into the sky!

Cut Qingkun's back straight!

Emperor Qingkun was horrified!

damn it!

This person actually controls the space talent.

But at this time, it was too late to avoid it.

It really did not expect that Qin Feng would use this trick to approach it.

Om~!

In the panic, it propped up a huge defensive mask.

In the blink of an eye, the knife slashed above the mask.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

The power of that knife was monstrous, and it continued to slash on Qing Kun's back.

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Feather flying!

The mournful birdsong echoed in the sky!

The huge bird's body was cut in half by a knife!

In the end, it shattered inch by inch and turned into starlight.

Ha ha!

One hit kill is a success!

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light rushed out from the countless stars and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills Guan Qingkun Emperor (Imperial Rank), you get +34.11 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills Guan Qingkun Emperor (Imperial Level), you get +800,000 Judgment Points. 】

[Successful killing the Qingkun Emperor (Imperial Rank), congratulations on getting a B-level rating. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, open the sixth level]

This one is over!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, another upgraded white light lit up on him.

【Your level has been promoted to level 29! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

【You get 20 free attributes! 】

Finally got to level 29!

Qin Feng was delighted.

This upgrade is still very important.

After he becomes an earth-level powerhouse, the next step is to advance to the heaven-level realm.

But in order to be promoted to the heaven level, you must reach level 40 or above before you have the right to join the Tao.

If the level is not enough, he cannot be promoted to the heaven level.

That's where the upgrade is necessary!

After the upgrade light disappeared, another upgrade white light lit up on him.

Qin Feng showed joy again.

This time, Xiao Luan'er has upgraded.

The little guy has always been in a fit state with him, and naturally he can also be allocated energy points.

Unconsciously, the little guy has also risen to level 21.

correct!

Both yourself and Xiao Luan'er have been upgraded again and again, so their strength should have improved, right?