Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng thought about it and opened the panel to check it.

Seeing this, his eyes suddenly showed joy.

I saw the free attribute column, and suddenly accumulated 5300 attributes.

These are his subordinates, who broke through the 200-star combat power and fed him back.

Everyone in Longyuan Town is working hard for him to pass the assessment smoothly, and priority is given to the townspeople who have a combat power of 170 to 199 stars to complete the level 6 wooden house first.

In this way, unknowingly gave Qin Feng back more than 5,000 attributes.

Moreover, this momentum has not stopped, and there are still people breaking through.

Qin Feng was naturally delighted.

What he needs most now is to improve his combat power.

At the moment, he quickly added the starting point...

After a while, more than 5,000 attributes were added.

Qin Feng's combat power has reached 8,600 stars, which is a hundred stars higher than before, which is a good improvement.

Of course, this is the battle strength after combining with Xiao Luan'er.

This made Qin Feng very satisfied.

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar resounded through the heavens and the earth!

The whole valley shuddered.

The guardian spirit of the sixth level has appeared!

Qin Feng looked up quickly and saw a strange dragon descending from the sky

I saw that the strange dragon was ten thousand feet long, with a black back and a white belly, with a proud expression and a mighty aura.

[Evil Object]: Reincarnation Lilong (Imperial Level)

[Strength]: The peak of the fourth level of heaven

[Talent]: The Law of Light (A-level), the Law of Darkness (A-level), the Reincarnation of Light and Darkness (S-level)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

After this detection, Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

At the peak of the fourth level of heaven, the combat power is about 9000 stars.

This is on the same level as Qin Feng's combat power.

What's even more amazing is that Samsara Lilong actually mastered the S-level talent - light and dark Samsara.

Speaking of the reincarnation of light and dark, Qin Feng has also obtained it, but he is still one step away from fully grasping it.

That is, he has not awakened the seventh sense, the Mana Consciousness Tour.

Therefore, he can't use light and dark reincarnation.

Unexpectedly, the guardian spirit of this level has mastered this talent.

Looking at this situation, there is trouble!

S-level light and dark reincarnation is a talent that can directly assist in combat.

Qin Feng has no S-level talent that can directly assist the battle, and the only SSS-level talent is a special talent.

There is also an S-level Extreme Yang Law, which is no longer usable at this moment.

Under such circumstances, it was really not easy for him to kill the Samsara Lilong within ten minutes!

Chapter 344: One body and two sides, reincarnation is immortal!

At the same time, Samsara Lilong was also looking at Qin Feng secretly.

This human has reached the sixth level!

It's really rare!

However, this person can only go so far.

For millions of years, only four people have been able to break through it.

The total score of the four later broke 300 points.

And the highest evaluation of those four people in this assessment is three A grades and one S grade.

For millions of years, no one has been able to get an SS grade in this assessment.

As for the SSS-level evaluation, that's even more of a fantasy.

It can be seen that this slaughter assessment is the most difficult of all assessments.

Of course, this difficulty is mainly reflected in time.

In each test, the target must be killed within ten minutes, which is too difficult for the players.

If there is no time limit, the difficulty of the assessment will be reduced by more than ten times.

In short, this human being can break through it, it is the end.

Samsara Lilong looked at Qin Feng lightly, and there was a hint of sympathy in the majestic dragon eyes.

It also knows that it is not easy for players to break into this level.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

But it won't be soft at all!

It is its duty to guard the level!

What's more, every time it beats a player, it will get a lot of benefits.

Isn't the arrival of this human being its chance?

Thinking of this, there was a hint of joy in Lilong's eyes.

So, for the next battle, it will go all out!

Om~!

As soon as Samsara Lilong's heart moved, his whole body lit up with black and white aura, which penetrated the sky and the ground, and his momentum was extremely astonishing.

The next second, it split in two, becoming a white dragon and a black dragon.

The same body length!

The same appearance!

The same fighting force!

The same monstrous dragon power!

Except for the different colors, the black dragon and white dragon of 080 are exactly the same as the previous Samsara Lilong, even the combat power is the same.

Qin Feng was stunned!

This is definitely not a clone technique!

Generally speaking, the strength of the clone will be weaker than the main body.

But after the reincarnation Lilong was divided into two, the two became as powerful and not weaker than the original body.

This is equivalent to changing one into two, doubling the strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly looked at the black dragon...

[Evil Object]: Lilong of Darkness (Imperial Level)

[Strength]: The peak of the fourth level of heaven

[Talent]: Law of Darkness (A Grade), Light and Dark Reincarnation (S Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

[Origin]: Samsara Lilong's dark body, one of the magical uses of the law of light and dark Samsara, lasts for one hour.

Seeing the history item, Qin Fengruo realized something.

Then, he looked at Bai Long again...

[Evil Object]: Lilong of Light (Imperial Level)

[Strength]: The peak of the fourth level of heaven

[Talent]: Law of Light (A Grade), Light and Dark Reincarnation (S Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

[Origin]: Samsara Lilong's body of light, one of the magical uses of the law of light and dark Samsara, lasts for one hour.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that one of the wonderful uses of light and dark reincarnation is to transform one into two, and to change into two bodies.

The strength of the two bodies is the same as the original body, but each display can only last for one hour.

This is equivalent to doubling the strength within an hour!

The reincarnation of light and dark has such a wonderful effect!

As expected of an S-rank talent!

Qin Feng's heart was hot.

He also has the innate talent of light and dark reincarnation, and he is just short of a seventh consciousness awakening.

When he completes the foundation building, he will soon be able to awaken his seventh sense, and he will be able to fully awaken the cycle of light and dark.

At that time, his strength will undergo earth-shaking changes.

"I really didn't think so! Light and dark reincarnation is used like this!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Think about it, light and dark are opposite but coexist.

Behind the light is darkness.

And at the end of darkness is light.

The fusion of light and darkness, the coexistence of good and evil, is a complete individual.

This wonderful use is showing the characteristics of two sides of one body.

The problem came again. Samsara Lilong was divided into two parts, and its strength doubled.

The difficulty level has also doubled.

Can you do it yourself in ten minutes?

Qin Feng muttered again in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Please kill Samsara Lilong within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

Boom~!

Qin Feng hurriedly rose into the sky and went straight to the dark Lilong...

Time was precious, and he must hurry to kill the target.

Ten minutes have passed!

Ow~!