Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Lilong of Darkness was furious, and a dragon roar shook the world!

The next second, it also took the initiative to kill Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the dragon body of ten thousand feet soared to the sky and the ground, stirring the laws of the Great Dao to shake, the vitality of the heavens and the earth roared, and the momentum was extremely monstrous!

Ow~!

At the same moment, Lilong of Light also rushed towards Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

Another 10,000-foot-long dragon body, moving forward inexorably, soaring to the sky and the earth, with a mighty momentum.

Suddenly, the two giant dragons joined forces, and the monstrous dragons merged together, crushing Qin Feng overwhelmingly.

In an instant, the two sides met.

Boom~! Boom~!

The black dragon and the white dragon claws out at the same time.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

The Tongtian Dragon Claws shattered the sky and the earth, shattering the void at once, and blasting directly at Qin Feng,…

The two dragon claws joined forces, and they were infinitely close to the full-strength strike of the fifth layer of heaven, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth.

In the blink of an eye, the attacks of two dragon claws came close...

huh~!

At this moment, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air.

The attacks of the two giant dragons were immediately thrown into the air...

In the next breath, Qin Feng appeared strangely behind Heilongnao.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

Cut straight to the back of the black dragon's neck!

Heilong didn't expect it, and it was too late to avoid it.

Although its strength is stronger, it is not as fast as Qing Kun Huang.

Suddenly, Qin Feng raised his sword and fell!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Dragon scales splashed everywhere!

Qin Feng cut off the neck of the black dragon with one knife!

The huge dragon head rolled down from the sky, then shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight...

Qin Feng was overjoyed and solved it like this.

Things went more smoothly than he expected.

But the next second, the smile on his face froze.

I saw that after the black dragon's body collapsed, the stars gathered beside the white dragon, and another black dragon appeared, exactly the same as the previous black dragon.

The black dragon has been resurrected!

The fighting force did not drop in the slightest.

Ow~!

This resurrection, the black dragon roared, and the dragon's eyes were full of endless anger.

It was actually beheaded by this human once.

What a disgrace to it!

The next second, it roared towards Qin Feng.

Ow~!

The white dragon followed suit...

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng frowned.

what happened?

How can the black dragon be resurrected?

It is difficult, the white dragon is the body, and the black dragon is just a clone.

Only in this way can we explain why the black dragon is resurrected.

As long as the main body is immortal, the clone can be resurrected no matter how many times it is killed.

In this way, the white dragon is the real body!

As soon as Qin Feng thought of this, the two giant dragons had already been killed.

He hastened to meet!

The two sides immediately fought.

For a time, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon had no light!

Although Qin Feng was one to two, he gained the upper hand after a while.

He has mastered the law of strength, the law of speed, and a variety of talents.

Under the same combat power, he has always beaten the same level.

Even if it is one against two, he can easily gain the upper hand.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for nearly a hundred rounds...

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng finally seized an opportunity to cut off the head of the white dragon with one sword.

Ow~!

The mournful dragon roar echoed in the air!

The body of the white dragon shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, thinking that he was finally killed.

This guy should be the body!

As long as the main body dies, the cloned black dragon will also collapse automatically...

Qin Feng was overjoyed at this thought.

But the next second, he realized that something was wrong.

I saw that after the body of the white dragon collapsed, the stars gathered beside the black dragon, and another white dragon appeared, exactly the same as the previous white dragon.

The white dragon is also resurrected!

The battle strength did not drop in the slightest.

This time, Qin Feng was also a little stunned.

At the same moment, the black dragon and the white dragon looked at each other with smug expressions in their eyes.

This human loses!

No matter which dragon this human kills, the other can bring the dead dragon back to life.

Seeing the proud colors of the two dragons, Qin Feng thought of the information introduction of the two dragons, as if the two dragons were the body, one was the body of light, and the other was the body of the secret.

"Is it..."

Qin Feng's mind flashed, and he suddenly realized what was going on, with a look of astonishment in his eyes.

He finally figured out that the abilities of the black dragon and the white dragon were exactly the ability to revive the reincarnation in the cycle of light and dark.

No matter which dragon he kills, the other can bring the dead dragon back to life.

Because the two dragons are the body!

Light and dark can be reincarnated!

If you want to truly kill the Samsara Lilong, you must kill the black dragon and the white dragon together at the same time.

Otherwise, he will never be able to kill Samsara Lilong, because this guy can keep resurrecting

At this thought, Qin Feng was amazed, secretly thinking that the reincarnation of light and darkness is really powerful!

Then, he glanced at the countdown again, and there were only three minutes left.

Chapter 345: Double kill in one move, Titan Giant Ape!

"There are only three minutes left!"

Qin Feng was a little anxious.

If he can't kill these two giant dragons within the remaining three minutes, he will fail to pass the level.

So, he has to speed up!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flipped his left hand, and a black long sword appeared in his hand, which was the sword of silence.

At this point, his left hand annihilated the Heavenly Sword, and his right hand shocked the Dragon Blade, standing in the air, with a monstrous aura!

The black dragon and the white dragon were slightly taken aback.

What does this kid mean? !

Could it be that he thought that one more weapon would break their cycle of light and dark?

Ha ha!

It would be too childish to think that way!

How can the reincarnation of light and dark be so broken?!

Disdain flowed from the eyes of the two dragons.

Then, they looked at each other again, showing schadenfreude.

There are only three minutes left, this human is definitely not enough time, they win!

The fact is also true. They had fought against Qin Feng for about seven minutes before, and they already knew about Qin Feng's strength.

In their view, there is absolutely no problem with delaying for another three minutes.

As long as they keep this level, they will be rewarded by Heavenly Dao.

Thinking of this, the two dragons secretly rejoiced, as if everything was in their hands.

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed, and he took the initiative to slaughter the two dragons, and the storm rolled away.

Ow~! Ow~!

Two dragon roars!

resounding through the world!

Later, the two giant dragons also took the initiative to kill Qin Feng...

Boom~Long~Long~!

The giant body of 10,000 zhang passed through the sky, earth-shattering.