Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It took ten minutes to drive when he noticed something abnormal.

Immediately, he dodged and rushed towards a depression, without saying a word, he stabbed the ground with a knife...

puff~!

The one-meter-five-long blade was inserted all at once.

Under the ground, there was a sound of meat cutting.

huh~!

Then, he drew his long sword and retreated sharply.

A green liquid surged out like a fountain.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

Boom~!

Along with a miserable roar, a huge pink worm burst out of the ground...

Qin Feng was ready to cut it in two with one knife.

[Successfully killed the level 10 sandworm! Get 460 ability points! 】

It's cool to have a talent for listening!

Even the beasts hidden underground can be discovered by him.

Qin Feng was delighted, and hurried forward to extract it, and got 2 more energy attributes.

Then, he continued on his way...

Along the way, his three talents of hearing, vision, and smell were fully developed, and he almost took a carpet-like search...

It didn't take long for him to discover another level 10 vicious beast hidden underground - a crypt spider.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

This discovery made him very happy.

Originally, he thought that there were no beasts in the Buried Bone Wilderness, because at first glance, it was a barren land, and there were no weeds half a meter high.

If there is a beast, you should be able to see it at a glance.

Only now did he know that there are many beasts buried in the wilderness, all of which are hidden underground...

The acquisition of that listening talent has really helped him a lot!

In this way, Qin Feng searched all the way.

Before I knew it, two hours passed.

He finally reached the end of the Bone-Bone Wilderness, on the grassland...

In the past two hours, he killed a total of 11 beasts, obtained a hearing talent, and 20 attribute points.

The harvest is very rich!

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged 2 corpses of level 5 beasts for your level 1 steel knife. 】

what!

Here comes the benefits!

Liu Xuan and others are very powerful!

Qin Feng quickly entered the trading channel.

After a while, white light flashed.

There were two more corpses of level 5 beasts in front of him.

Then, he stepped forward to extract and got 4 attributes.

Another nice catch!

Looking at this situation, it won't be long before the level 5 beasts will be collected.

All of this does not require him to do it himself, which saves him a lot of time.

Thinking of this, he checked his upgrade progress again: Level 7 (4980/18000)…

The progress is not bad, it is more than a quarter of the way.

By the way, two hours have passed, how is Amir's progress?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly entered the chat channel

Chapter 43: The Confidence of the Fan

As soon as he entered the chat channel, Qin Feng found that the chat was in full swing.

Liu Xuan: "Brothers, we have just killed the second level 5 beast and are rushing to the location of the third beast. If you find the location of the fourth beast, please report the coordinates immediately!"

Lei Jue: "Coordinate 737,490. There is a level 5 beast here. Seven or eight of us are dragging it!"

Gu Ming: "Coordinates 832,335, there is also a level 5 beast here!"

Yu Wen: "Coordinates 927,282, there are two level 5 beasts here! It's so scary! We are hiding nearby and don't dare to move!"

Longshan: "Not bad! Not bad! This time, the beasts are much easier to find than the last time we were gambling!"

Liu Xuan: "Why don't we say it? We won a resource bet once, and the number of beasts has doubled!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! The resources are doubled, it's so cool! Not much to say! The three of us hurry over!"

"That's right! Three bosses, hurry up and kill! Hurry up and kill those level 5 beasts to help Boss Qin Feng!"

"For Boss Qin Feng, we fought hard!"

"Not only for Boss Qin Feng, but also for ourselves!"

"Upstairs, this time it's not only about the rise and fall of our village, but also the face of our Dragon Country people! Those dog things on the regional channel are still watching the jokes of our Dragon Country people!"

"That's right! We can't lose this bet! Let's fight! Let's fight together!"

"Haha!! I found a tier 1 spirit grass!"

"I also have one in my hand!"

"Where are your coordinates? I'm going to find you, and we'll gather the spirit grass together. When three plants are collected, they can be traded to Boss Qin Feng."

"I'm in the level 2 beast zone 321.478!"

"Okay! I'll be there soon!"

Qin Feng was excited when he saw this.

Dragon people are unity.

For the sake of the whole village and the face of a country, everyone is willing to sacrifice their own interests, unite and sacrifice selflessly.

Thinking of this, he felt a little emotional.

But at this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Oh! Everyone is working so hard, what should we do if we lose? You know, the greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment!"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, can you shut up? If you don't speak, no one will think you are dumb!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! I'm just telling the truth! The opposite side is indeed too strong, and their people are quite united. Many people are helping that Amir find the beast."

Liu Yuan: "It's weird on our side. Qin Feng didn't let us help him find the beast, but only wanted corpses and spirit grass. This kind of behavior is weird! I think..."

Wu Yong was furious: "What do you think? Do you think Qin Feng will be like you, with no national righteousness at all?"

Liu Yuan: "Uh... I don't mean it! I just feel puzzled by Qin Feng's strange behavior. Normally, shouldn't killing monsters be upgraded to find live beasts? How many dead beasts do you want? What do you mean?"

Liu Yuan: "What's more outrageous, what does he mean by the spirit grass spirit fruit? Can the spirit grass spirit fruit help him level up?"

As soon as these words came out, everyone was also puzzled.

But soon, someone yelled back.

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, Qin Feng's boss must have his reasons for this arrangement. Didn't he say it! The situation is urgent, and gambling is a race against time, and he has no time to explain it. Right now, what we need to do is to cooperate with power. he!"

Lei Jue: "That's right! Liu Yuan, if you don't want to help, just shut up! Don't be rude here, it's annoying!"

Liu Yuan: "What! I just feel puzzled, I'm just expressing my personal opinion! Hey! Damn, I found a tier 1 spirit grass, haha!"

Liu Yuan: "The two people who had the spirit grass just now, where are you? The three of us put the spirit grass together and traded it to Qin Feng boss!"

Wu Yong: "...you bastard! Your mouth is disgusting!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng shook his head slightly.

He didn't know how to evaluate Liu Yuan anymore.

Afterwards, he switched to the chat channel of Village No. 446, and the chat was in full swing.

"Haha!! The people of Longguo are so funny! A group of them went to hunt down level 5 beasts, and then traded the corpses to someone named Qin Feng."

"My God! Killing monsters is upgraded, shouldn't it be a beast that wants to live? What do you want a corpse for? Are all the people of the Dragon country fools?!"

"Hey! The people of Longguo have always been stupid! Just like on Bluestar, their country is twenty years behind our Sanguo, but they are more advanced than us."

"Cut! Apart from the fact that the population of the Dragon Kingdom is a little more than ours, what point are they comparable to us? What a sad Dragon Kingdom!"

"That's right! We Ah Sanguo are the strongest country in Asia!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng wanted to laugh a little.

Asan is the self-confidence of fans.

"Wow! Guys, guess what I found? I found a bull monster and pulled down a lump of cow dung, very fresh!"

"God! Cow dung! That's a gift from Lord Shiva! Upstairs, you must keep that lump of cow dung well, it can cure all diseases!"

"Woo~woo! I'm so envious! I'm really envious! Why didn't I have such good luck meeting a lump of cow dung?"

Seeing this, Qin Feng felt a little sick.

Asan's taste is a bit heavy!

At this moment, the head of that Salman jumped.

Salman: "Everyone, I will report to you the latest progress of Lord Amir. He is already level 7 (1860/18000)."

As soon as these words came out, the whole channel went crazy.

"My God~! It's only been 2 hours, and Amir-sama's progress is so great!

"Yeah! Lord Amir is amazing!"

"Lord Amir is indeed a powerful ascetic monk!"

"He was also born in a noble Kshatriya. It is impossible for a pariah to create such a great achievement. He is so great!"

"Lord Amir! We adore you!"

"By the way, how is the progress of the people from the Dragon country opposite?"

"I don't know! They seem to pin all their hopes on a person named Qin Feng."

"The people of Longguo have never drank the holy water of the Ganges River, they are a group of sick men. That Qin Feng is definitely not as good as Lord Amir!"

"As far as I know, Qin Feng was only level 6 at the beginning of the betting. It is estimated that it is still level 6 now!"

"Haha! Our Lord Amir, who is already level 7 (1860/18000), has already left Qin Feng far behind."

"I estimate that when Lord Amir reaches level 8, Qin Feng will not be able to level up to level 7!"

"Of course it is!"

"This time, we won! Haha!"

At this moment, there was cheers in the chat channel.

The three of them all laughed proudly, as if they had won.

Qin Feng looked straight and shook his head.

He really didn't understand, where did the confidence of Asan and his fans come from?

His current progress is level 7 (4980/18000), much faster than that Amir.

Those self-righteous Asan, who do not know that death is imminent.