Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, the two sides meet!

The three momentums collide!

Shocking!

The two giant dragons were about to take out their claws, and Qin Feng suddenly disappeared out of thin air.

Both the black dragon and the white dragon showed mockery in their eyes.

Use this trick again!

You don't have to think about it to know, this kid must want to use teleportation, appear behind them, and then attack.

With this in mind, the black dragon and the white dragon will turn around to defend.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

At the moment Qin Feng disappeared, white light flashed on the spot, and Qin Feng's four avatars appeared out of thin air.

As soon as they appeared, they attacked the two giant dragons at the same time.

The Mirage clone and the Moon Spirit clone joined forces to attack the Black Dragon.

The other two clones joined forces to attack the white dragon.

The two avatars joined forces, coupled with the blessing of the law of power and weapons, the momentum was monstrous, and it suddenly reached the peak of the fourth level of heaven.

The black dragon and the white dragon were extremely shocked.

How dare they be careless, and they all use their claws to resist the attack.

Boom~! Boom~!

Two dragon claws blasted out, shattering the void, with monstrous power.

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks collided!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

Ten thousand feet of void shattered inch by inch!

The whole valley is shaking!

The four avatars have retreated backwards!

The black dragon and the white dragon teamed up to stop the four avatars from joining forces, and pushed the four avatars back a hundred feet away.

This round, the two giant dragons had the upper hand.

They were overjoyed and overjoyed.

Swish~! Swish~!

But the next second, the wind was blowing in the back of their heads, and they felt bad.

It turned out that when Qin Feng summoned the four avatars, he instantly appeared behind them.

In an instant, two space skills were displayed at the same time!

The two giant dragons were even more caught off guard!

Immediately, the ten thousand zhang sword qi and the sky-reaching sword qi all rose into the sky!

Swish~!

The swords fell in unison!

Kacha~!

Two sounds are like one!

The head of the black dragon and the head of the white dragon were cut off at the same time and rolled down in the air...

Two shrill dragon roars echoed in the void!

Then, the two tens of thousands of feet shattered and turned into starlight...

Among the countless stars, another dazzling white light flew into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kill the Guarding Samsara Lilong (Imperial Rank), you will get +42.16 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kill the Shouguan Samsara Lilong (Imperial Rank), you will get +1.6 million Judgment Points. 】

[Successful killing of the gatekeeper and Samsara Lilong (Imperial level), congratulations on getting an A-level rating. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, open the seventh level...]

Whoo~!

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Having said that, the harvest of killing this reincarnation Lilong is really good!

Judgment alone has 1.6 million points.

Qin Feng was satisfied.

Then, with a wave of his hand, he took the four avatars into the zero-degree space, and then slowly descended from the sky.

Only then did he stand firm, he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up involuntarily.

In the next second, he sent the Dragon Shocking Blade and the Heavenly Sword of Desolation into the zero-dimensional space.

Then, with a flash of white light in his hand, there was an extra long sword with fighting intent Lingtian, which was the Shen Luo Tian Blade.

It turned out that the recharge of the Shinra Heavenly Blade has finally reached its time limit!

Qin Feng held the handle of the knife with joy, and felt his confidence greatly increased.

This seventh-order sword is much stronger than the Dragon Sword and the Heavenly Sword of Destruction, which has greatly improved his strength.

At this time, his mind moved, and he summoned the spirit of gold, which merged into the Shinra Heavenly Blade.

Immediately, the Shinra Heavenly Blade's aura exploded, and the momentum skyrocketed again.

By the way, the Great Sun Spirit Orb can also be used.

Qin Feng's thoughts moved again, and a round of daylight appeared in the sky.

The Great Sun Lingzhu appeared!

Boom~Long~Long!

Another quake!

The Great Sun Spirit Pearl turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed, and his whole body burst into dazzling white light, as if the gods brought their own holy light...

[Fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb succeeded! Your combat power has increased by 500 stars! 】

[Fusion of the Great Sun Spirit Orb succeeded! You have temporarily mastered the S-level talent - the law of the extreme sun! 】

[Reminder: You can maintain the fusion state for up to an hour. 】

For a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

This fusion was completed, and his combat power reached 9100 stars, officially entering the threshold of the fifth level of heaven.

This is his strongest state!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, the ground in front of you suddenly collapsed, the gravel flew, and the whole valley was shaking violently!

Qin Feng was shocked, he looked around quickly, and saw a giant ape breaking out of the ground.

In just a moment, the giant ape came out all over.

It stood up slowly, reaching a height of 10,000 feet, like a hundred-story high-rise building, with a shocking momentum.

In front of it, Qin Feng can only look up, like a small ant, looking up at the giant in the sky.

Take a closer look at the giant ape, its entire body is blue, with fangs on its mouth and bone spurs on its back.

[Evil Object]: Titan Giant Ape (Imperial Level)

[Strength]: The fifth level of heaven

[Talent]: The Law of Earth (A-level), The Law of Body (A-level), The Law of Strength (A-level), Absolute Guardian (S-level)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

0

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

This giant ape has four talents!

The strongest is the S-level talent - absolute protection!

It is a fusion of the Law of Earth (A-level) and the Law of Body (A-level), and it is an extremely powerful defensive talent.

This is also the highest defensive talent Qin Feng has ever seen!

In other words, even if it is twice as powerful as this giant ape, it is extremely difficult to break its defense, let alone kill it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling a lot of pressure.

At the same time, the giant ape also looked at Qin Feng silently.

After a while, it sputtered.

"Human, you are the fifth person to break through the level of the deity. Three of the first four failed, and only one succeeded. The one who succeeded, mastered the SS-level offensive talent, and only got away with it in the last minute. win."

"If you don't have SS-level offensive talent, then you are definitely not the opponent of this deity. You should admit defeat as soon as possible, so as not to be killed by this deity. In that case, you will be deducted 10 points, which is not worth the loss."

"To tell you the truth, the three who failed were all smashed into meat sauce by the deity! If you don't want to end up like them, you should be acquainted and admit defeat as soon as possible!"

The giant ape said in a loud voice.

The tone was full of pride.

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

How could he concede defeat?

Not only did he have to pass this level, but he also had to pass the next level and win the challenge reward.

Having said that, he just got back the Shinra Heaven Blade and the Great Sun Spirit Orb, and it was time to try his hand.

Today, he wants to see, how powerful is this absolute protection? !

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Please kill the Titan Giant Ape within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

PS: Dear readers, it's the beginning of the month, and I would like to ask for a monthly pass, thank you.

Chapter 346 Killing the Giant Ape, the Hydra King!

As soon as the prompt sounded, Titan Giant Ape and Qin Feng received the information at the same time.

At the moment, the giant ape snorted coldly: "Boy! Give you ten seconds to think about it! Either admit defeat! Or die!"

If you don't have to take action, you can hold this level, and the giant ape is too lazy to do it.

Its purpose is to win rewards, not necessarily to fight to the death.

In its view, its own approach is already extremely benevolent.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Boom~!

But as soon as its voice fell, Qin Feng rose to the sky and took the initiative to kill it.

roar~!