Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The giant ape is furious!

How dare this immortal thing dare to do it!

court death!

Boom~~!

The giant ape hurriedly slapped it.

The big hand that reached the sky was as large as a hundred zhang, covering the sky and shooting at Qin Feng.

Qin Fengdun felt that the sky and the earth were dark, and he saw a huge palm fall, as if the sky was falling.

The terrifying aura made the sky tremble.

Wherever the palm wind passed, every inch of the space exploded, as if destroying the dry and pulling the rot. Under that palm, there was no resistance...

At this moment, Qin Feng was stunned to find that the power of the giant giant ape's palm suddenly broke 10,000 stars, which was more than one step stronger than him.

That is definitely not something that can be done just by entering the fifth level of heaven.

Come to think of it, this giant ape not only has S-level defense talent, but also A-level power law talent, and it is also extremely powerful in attack.

Such a powerful attack, coupled with a superhuman defense, is its proud capital.

However, Qin Feng is not afraid at all!

This giant ape has strong attack and defense, but has a weakness, that is, it is clumsy and has a slow reaction speed.

Even, the reaction speed of the Titan Giant Ape is slower than that of Samsara Lilong.

Of course, with the abnormal defense of the giant ape, its slow response is not a weakness.

Because it doesn't need defense at all, just a full-scale attack.

It is also afraid that the reaction speed is slow, and no one else can break its defense anyway.

In the blink of an eye, the giant palm that reached the sky was close to Qin Feng's head, and its power covered all directions, making it unavoidable.

With the terrifying momentum of that palm and the blessing of the law of power, even a powerhouse with a five-layered threshold of heaven can be severely injured with one palm.

At this moment, the giant ape's eyes were full of grins.

It wants to see if this ignorant human can catch its palm!

So far, only one has caught it!

It is the challenger with the SS-level talent, and the only one who succeeded in breaking through it.

But it's hard to come up with a trillion SS-level talents, how can it be so easy to meet.

Boom~Long~Long~!

That palm fell!

The sky is roaring!

The world shakes!

Just when the palm was about to be shot, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air.

The giant ape suddenly slapped the air, and couldn't help but be stunned.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

In the next breath, Qin Feng appeared above the giant ape's head.

Cunning little thing!

Want to sneak attack!

The giant ape sneered.

It doesn't even bother to avoid it, it just thinks about it...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

A little noise!

It glowed purple all over.

In the next second, it automatically generates a layer of amethyst armor on its entire body.

Absolute protection is activated!

The defense power is instantly doubled!

At the same moment, Qin Feng summoned the four avatars.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Later, Qin Feng and the four clones shot together.

Om~!

At that moment, the Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! Extreme Yang Law!

The power of the three laws is superimposed layer by layer, and the power is infinitely close to the SS-level law level.

Under the blessing of the seventh-order sword, the attack power is even more powerful!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

With that slash, the space will be shattered, and everything will be destroyed!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At the same time, the four sixth-order weapons of the four avatars are also shining brightly!

They don't have the law of polar yang!

But under the blessing of the law of power and the law of gold, the power is comparable to an S-level law.

At this moment, Qin Feng and the four avatars shot with all their strength at the same time.

Five in one!

That joint effort is overwhelming!

The monstrous coercion crushed the giant ape!

But the giant ape was unmoved and sneered in his heart.

It's a joke for this self-defeating little thing, just because you want to break your own defense!

Only when this thought came, the five attacks fell at the same time, and they concentrated on the same point.

Boom~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The whole space is shaking!

Kacha~!

The next second, a crisp sound!

Amethyst shattered!

The ten thousand zhang knife qi slashed into the head, and also cut open the monkey brain!

roar~!

The giant ape screamed and roared in pain, with despair and disbelief in its eyes.

how is this possible?

How could its defenses be broken?

Obviously this human has not mastered the SS-level attack talent!

How could he break his defenses?

It turned out that it also mastered the art of reading minds.

When it asked that sentence, it read the answer from Qin Feng's heart.

That is, Qin Feng has no SS-level attack talent.

It turns out that its previous problems were not without purpose.

That's why it's arrogant.

But it's too late to regret it now!

In the void, the unwilling roar of the Titan Giant Ape echoed.

Before it had time to play, it was killed like that.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, its huge body shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight in the sky...

A dazzling white light flew out of starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully killed the gatekeeper Titan Giant Ape (Imperial Rank), you will get +62.16 million energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the gatekeeper Titan Giant Ape (Imperial Rank), you will get +3 million Judgment Points. 】

[Successful killing the gatekeeper Titan Giant Ape (Imperial Rank), congratulations on your S-rank rating. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, the eighth level will open...]

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He didn't expect it to go so smoothly.

To put it bluntly, the Titan Giant Ape was a little careless.

Of course, his strength has also reached the best state, and it is also expected to be able to kill the Titan Giant Ape.

Although Titan Giant Ape has S-level defense skills, he also has S-level extreme sun law, which is an attacking law.

It's just that he didn't expect to kill so smoothly.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this performance.

What's more, he also gained 3 million judgment points.

At the moment, Qin Feng took the four avatars into the zero-degree space and slowly fell.

Next, he was waiting for the start of the eighth level.

The eighth level!

That's where the real challenge begins!

As long as he passes the eighth level, he can get the SS grade evaluation.

Then his total score can break 400 points and win the reward of the first challenge.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was full of expectations, but he was a little uneasy.

The guardian spirit of the seventh level is so powerful, how strong is the guardian spirit of the eighth level?

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the earth in front of me suddenly shook.

The whole valley was shaking violently.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look forward.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

I saw the earth suddenly cracked!

Huge cracks extend all around.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!