Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately afterwards, the gravel flew!

The sky is full of dust!

A giant snake of ten thousand feet broke out of the ground!

Shockingly, the giant snake had nine heads.

Each snake head has fangs in its mouth, the snake vomits long, and the neck is flat.

Look at the nine snake heads, some are wrapped in flames, some are surrounded by thunder and lightning, some are riding the wind, some are cold...and so on.

At this moment, nine snake heads and eighteen vertical snake eyes are staring at Qin Feng coldly, and the breath is so cold that it makes one's heart tremble.

The momentum it unintentionally exudes is even more earth-shattering, crushing the audience...

[Evil Object]: Hydra Emperor (Imperial Level)

[Strength]: The peak of the fifth level of heaven

[Talent]: The Law of Gold (A-level), the Law of Wood (A-level), the Law of Water (A-level), the Law of Fire (A-level), the Law of Earth (A-level), the Law of Wind (A-level) ), Law of Thunder (Class A), Law of Light (Class A), Law of Darkness (Class A)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

hiss~!

Hydra King!

All nine are complete!

Each snake head has mastered a series of talents.

In other words, this guardian spirit has no weaknesses, almost everything, very comprehensive.

However, Qin Feng is more comprehensive than it.

Qin Feng not only has all the talents of the nine elements, but also has the law of strength, the law of body, the law of speed, the awakening of the six senses, the law of extreme yang, and the talent of blood.

In terms of talent, he is more perfect than this Hydra Emperor, and he has no weaknesses.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

In this hurdle, at least he will not suffer in talent, but will take advantage of it.

Unlike the previous two levels, S-level talents appeared.

However, the real scary part of this level is not in talent, but in combat power. 3.4

This Hydra Emperor is actually the peak combat power of the fifth heaven level.

Looking at the momentum it exudes, it is vaguely a combat power of around 14,000 stars!

And Qin Feng's combat power is only about 9100 stars.

The difference between the two sides is about 5,000 stars.

The difference is too big!

How to fight this? !

Qin Feng couldn't help frowning, feeling that something was wrong.

This SS-level evaluation is really hard to get!

No wonder no one has been able to break through to 400 points for millions of years.

At the same time, the Hydra Emperor was also looking at Qin Feng secretly.

There was an aloof pride in those cold snake eyes.

After a while, a snake head in the center actually spit out human words.

"Human, you are the second player to break into this level in millions of years. The last player only lasted under the deity for one minute before being killed by the deity. I wonder if you can last for one minute? "

Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

Is this guy so strong? !

The last player to break into this level was a strong man with SS-level attacking talent.

That person is the powerhouse who defeated the Titan Giant Ape!

He could only last for a minute!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly felt uncomfortable.

Chapter Three Hundred and Forty-Seven Nine Lives, Behead the Next One!

When the Hydra Emperor saw Qin Feng's uneasy expression, his eyes suddenly showed smugness.

It didn't say a word.

The reason why it can kill the SS-level talent so quickly is because it has all nine elements and has no weaknesses.

On the contrary, it can take advantage of the talent and find the weakness of the opponent's talent, so as to easily kill the opponent.

For example, the SS-level talent player could not resist the five talents such as Thunder, and his combat power was suppressed by 50%.

In doing so, it kills the opponent within a minute.

In its view, the nine-element talent is its biggest reliance, not the combat power of the fifth-level peak of the sky.

The same-level powerhouse is also afraid of its nine-element talent.

That is also its magic weapon to defeat the strong by the weak!

As for the human being in front of him, he must have a weakness.

I don't know, what kinds of talents will he be restrained by?

If there are too many restrained talents, it will die faster.

The more the Hydra Emperor thought about it, the more proud he became.

Obviously, it far underestimated Qin Feng's natural ability.

Compared with the number of talents, Qin Feng is far above it.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Please kill the Hydra Emperor within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

Boom~!

As soon as the timing started, Qin Feng rushed towards the Hydra Emperor.

Time is running out!

The opponent is so strong, he must go all out.

"Human! Hope you can hold on for a minute! Don't let the deity down!"

As soon as the voice fell, the nine snake heads of the Hydra Emperor sprayed a large amount of poisonous mist at the same time.

The head of the wood snake spewed a blue poisonous mist.

The fire snake head spewed out a red poisonous mist.

The snake head of the earth spewed out a yellow poisonous mist.

The 11 sprays from the head of the water snake are silver poisonous mist.

The golden snake head spewed out a golden poisonous mist.

The snake head of the wind spewed out a gray poisonous mist.

Thunder Snake's head spews blue poisonous mist

The head of the snake of light spews a white poisonous mist

The head of the dark snake spewed a black poisonous mist.

In just an instant, the nine-color poisonous fog covered the sky and the ground, covering a radius of several kilometers, and also covering the entire body of the Hydra Emperor.

This nine-color poisonous miasma is one of its big killers!

Anyone who broke into its nine-color poisonous miasma, all of them were poisoned, and their strength plummeted.

It turned out that the poisonous mist it spewed was extremely strange, making it impossible to win or lose.

Even if the opponent held his breath and took various antidote pills in advance, it would not help, and he would still be poisoned.

The only thing that can resist the poison is that the opponent must have the corresponding talent, and it is the talent of the A-level level.

If the innate ability does not reach the A-level level, it will also be poisoned, but the poisoning symptoms will be milder.

Boom~Long~Long!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng rushed into the poisonous fog.

If he wants to kill the Hydra Emperor, he has to get close to the snake emperor, so he has to rush into the poisonous fog.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After all, the gigantic body of the Snake Emperor was completely shrouded in nine-color poisonous mist.

As soon as he rushed in, the poisonous mist rolled over.

Countless poisonous mists eroded wildly into his body.

Qin Feng was startled, he quickly closed his breath and opened the protective mask at the same time.

But in the next second, he was horrified to find that the nine-color poisonous mist ignored the protective mask, directly penetrated the mask, and eroded in.

In just an instant, he was engulfed by the nine-color poisonous mist.

In the poisonous fog, the Snake Emperor saw this scene, and his eyes showed excitement.

Ha ha!

Hit!

This human has been tricked!

So far, no one has been immune to its poisonous mist.

This time, it depends on how much strength this human can retain after being poisoned?

At the same moment, Qin Feng felt panic in his heart after being engulfed by the nine-color poisonous mist.

In the next second, he clearly sensed that as soon as the nine-color poisonous mist stuck to his skin, it began to erode his whole body frantically.

The feeling of erosion is suddenly cold, hot, cold, and dry, which is hard to prevent.

At the same time, he had a feeling of deja vu.

That is dark erosion!

It turned out that these poisonous mists have the same effect as dark erosion.

But what it contains is the power of the Nine Elements Law, which is omnipotent.

However, it also has weaknesses.

For example, if you master the Law of Wood, you will be immune to the poisonous fog of the wood system.

If you don't master the law of wood, you will be poisoned, and your body's strength will be sealed 10%. At the same time, there will be signs of poisoning such as body paralysis, dizziness, etc., which is extremely strange.

At that moment, Qin Feng knew the details of the nine-color poisonous fog, and his eyes could not help showing joy.

He has all the talents of the nine elements, and is not afraid of these poisonous mists at all, so what else is there to be afraid of.

In this way, he just wants to kill the past with all his strength...

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum was soaring to the sky, stirring up the poisonous mist.

At the same moment, the nine-colored snake head just waited for nothing.

It is observing that Qin Feng's nine-element talents will be lacking in several types. The more the less, the deeper the poisoning will be, and the more the strength will drop.

In its view, if a human being can possess four or five kinds of talents, it is already extremely remarkable.

This kid can kill this level, it is estimated that he has mastered three or four kinds of talents, and his strength will drop by 50 to 60%.