Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At that time, it can easily kill Qin Feng.

The last player was killed by it within a minute like this!

This one will be no exception!

what! This is…

Suddenly, the Hydra Emperor found that the situation was not right.

I saw that Qin Feng rushed over from the poisonous mist, and the speed was not reduced at all.

Is he not poisoned?

Could it be that this kid also has all nine elements? !

impossible!

This is impossible!

The Hydra Emperor roared in his heart.

All nine series is its greatest pride.

It is unbearable, and there is a second one that can be like it, and it also has all nine elements.

But the speed of this human has not decreased at all, even getting faster and faster, and there is no sign of poisoning at all.

Damn it!

This kid actually has the same nine elements as himself, and all of them have reached A rank.

If it doesn't reach A level, it will also be poisoned.

This human being is as good as it is in terms of talent!

It's unacceptable!

However, even if it has the same nine series, it will be better.

Because it is a gifted Hydra family!

This idea came to me, and a sudden change occurred in front of me.

Qin Feng suddenly disappeared out of thin air.

The snake emperor opened his eyes in astonishment.

It sensed that it was spatial talent.

Boom~!

The snake emperor was shocked, and his heart was filled with anger and jealousy.

This human has mastered the space talent!

That is to have mastered ten talents, one more than it.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared out of thin air behind the wood snake head.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Straight cut seven inches of the wood snake's head!

Om~!

At that moment, the Shinra Heavenly Blade's aura burst forth!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! Extreme Yang Law!

The power of the three laws, layer upon layer!

Qin Feng pushed his attack to the extreme!

The power of that knife is devastating!

The snake emperor was even more horrified!

At this moment, it sensed again, and Qin Feng had two more law fluctuations.

It is the law of power and the law of extreme sun!

damn it!

There are not only ten kinds of talents, but twelve kinds of talents mastered by this human being!

Jealousy is soaring!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The next second, nine snake heads attacked Qin Feng at the same time.

The snake emperor is no better than the giant ape, his reaction is extremely agile, and it is very difficult to attack.

In the blink of an eye, nine snake heads came under siege.

The siege was earth-shattering!

The momentum of their joint strike, a full-strength strike that suddenly reached the peak of the fifth level of heaven, is no longer something Qin Feng can resist.

But in such a critical situation, Qin Feng still did not evade, and the knife slashed down without hesitation.

This is his only chance to win!

Even if he fought for his life, he had to hold on to it!

Swish~!

The long knife falls!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That knife slashed at seven inches above!

Suddenly, snake scales fly! Blood is flowing!

That knife slashed more than a foot deep!

Defensive!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

hiss~!

The snake head of the wood was sore and hissed up to the sky, and the snake letter vomited wildly.

Almost, Qin Feng cut off its head with one knife, which is extremely dangerous.

In the next second, a blue light lit up at its wound.

It is urging the wood-based talent to heal.

Qin Feng was in a hurry and cut him down again.

He absolutely cannot let the Wood Serpent Head recover.

Swish~!

The Heavenly Sword Light shines again!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

It was at this moment that the other eight snake heads had already attacked, and their momentum was devastating.

Qin Feng has no time to avoid it.

If he wanted to avoid it, he would definitely not be able to cut off the second knife.

At that moment, his mind moved, and he summoned the four avatars.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

As soon as the four avatars appeared, they attacked the eight snake heads wildly at the same time, using all their strength.

At this moment, Qin Feng's second knife fell, right where the wound was cut before.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

A huge snake head rolled down from the snake's neck, and the snake's blood spurted out from the neck cavity.

The wood snake head roared miserably, and it began to shatter inch by inch, turning into starlight in the sky.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At the same moment, the eight snakeheads fought against the four clones, directly killing the four clones, and continued to blast at Qin Feng...

The terrifying part of the fifth-level peak of the heavenly level was completely revealed at this moment!

And Qin Feng had no time to dodge. At the moment of crisis, he put up a protective mask and stimulated the talent of the body.

Kacha~!

The mask was broken instantly!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

Qin Feng was immediately blasted away by eight snake heads, rolled directly, vomited blood and flew away...

953 Bang~!

The next second, he fell heavily to the ground, smashed into dust and smoke, and his whole body was in severe pain.

At this time, he was severely injured by the snake emperor, and most of his bones were broken!

If it weren't for the four avatars, he first helped him resist some of the attacks, plus the defense enhancement of the physique law talent, he might have been bombarded by that blow.

This round!

Both sides can be described as lose-lose!

Qin Feng was hit hard, and the four clones were also killed.

And the Hydra Emperor also had a snake head beheaded!

Wow~!

After Qin Feng spat out a mouthful of blood, he struggled to get up.

At this moment, he saw that the snake king's wooden snake head was shattering inch by inch, turning into starlight.

And the snake emperor lost a snake head, his momentum plummeted, and it actually fell to about 13,000 stars, which directly lost about 1,000 stars in combat power.

Seeing such a change, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

roar~!

At the same moment, the Snake Emperor was extremely angry.

It roared up to the sky, and the blood from the severed head was still flowing, making it painful.

What made it even more angry was that Qin Feng was not cutting other heads, but its wood snake head.

Without the snake head of wood, it loses the gift of wood, and it cannot be cured if it is injured.

This human must know that the wood-type talent can heal, so first cut the head of the wood snake, and cut off its back path.

roar~!

The snake emperor got more and more angry the more he thought about it.

However, it doesn't matter.

This time it's a lose-lose!

This human is more hurt than it is.

It is going to kill this human now to quell the hatred of decapitation!

Thinking of this, the sixteen snake eyes of the Snake Emperor looked at Qin Feng with great resentment.