Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with blue light.

He is trying his best to stimulate the wood element talent.

At the same time, he was also urging the laws of physique.

The law of constitution also has the effect of healing.

The power of the two laws is superimposed!

In just a moment, he recovered from his injury, and his momentum returned to its peak again.

Afterwards, he waved his hand again, and the stars gathered around him, turned into a human figure, and finally turned into the four avatars.

He resurrected the four avatars again!

As long as the main body is immortal, the clone can continue to be resurrected!

Seeing this scene, the snake emperor was dumbfounded.

After working for a long time, only it suffered a loss.

Qin Feng has nothing to lose!

At this point in his mind, a monstrous anger surged in his heart.

Chapter 348 The beheading is successful, the trial is the master!

The next second, the Hydra Emperor took the initiative to kill Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

It rushed, and its body slammed into a rampage.

Suddenly, the sand and stones flew, and the sky was shaking.

That monstrous murderous aura rose into the sky!

This time, it must take revenge for cutting off the head.

Qin Feng sneered and took the initiative to fight away.

The four avatars followed closely.

When the snake emperor had all nine heads, he was not afraid, and now he is not afraid of the snake emperor with only eight snake heads.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides met, and the battle began.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

For a time, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon did not shine.

This time, the Snake Emperor already knew that Qin Feng would teleport, so he was naturally more alert and would not let Qin Feng's sneak attack succeed again.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for hundreds of rounds.

It didn't take long for the mutation in the field to regenerate! ,

Kacha~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng cut off the head of the snake of the wind again.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The next second, his four clones were killed.

He was also bombarded again and vomited blood and flew out...

But soon, Qin Feng got up again, repaired the injury, and resurrected the four avatars.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At the same moment, the Snake Emperor roared miserably!

Immediately afterwards, the snake of the wind shattered inch by inch and turned into starlight.

The momentum of the Snake Emperor dropped to 12,000 stars again.

This made the Snake Emperor extremely angry.

At the same time, it also realizes that revenge is hopeless.

However, that doesn't mean it will lose.

"Human! Even if you cut off the deity's two snake heads, you will lose! There are only three minutes left, but the deity still has seven heads. You have no time! Haha!"

The snake king laughed wildly.

As long as it defends this level, Tiandao will help it restore the beheaded snake head and give it rich rewards.

And Qin Feng will not get SS grade evaluation because he fails to pass the level.

So, the final winner is still it!

Thinking of this, the Snake Emperor felt extremely proud in his heart.

Qin Feng frowned slightly, and was extremely anxious in his heart.

With only the last three minutes left, things were really tricky.

However, he still has a chance!

"Kill you! Three minutes is enough!"

As soon as the words fell, Qin Feng took the initiative to pounce on the snake emperor.

"Don't be ashamed!"

The snake emperor was furious.

However, this time, it took a defensive posture and no longer tried desperately, the purpose was to delay time.

Therefore, Qin Feng rushed over, and it retreated wildly.

But the next second, it realized a problem in horror.

That is it is much slower.

It turned out that Qin Feng cut off its wind snake head, making it lose the wind element talent, and naturally it slowed down a lot.

Only at this moment did it realize that Qin Feng's every move was pre-planned.

This little thief is not only cunning, but also extremely shrewd, and he is an extremely difficult character!

At this moment, the Snake Emperor was inexplicably panicked.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng caught up.

In the blink of an eye, he came to the side of the snake head of fire, and slashed at the snake head with a knife.

hiss~! hiss~!

The snake head of fire was frightened, and quickly raised his head to face it.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At the same time, the other six big snake heads also quickly attacked.

In the blink of an eye, the siege of the seven snake heads was established.

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he summoned the four avatars to his side and let the avatars resist the attack of the six snake heads.

This time, the snake emperor learned to be smart, and the six snake heads were divided into four to deal with the clones, and the remaining two continued to besiege Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, three snake heads attacked.

But at this moment, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air again.

The next breath, it appeared strangely behind the snake head of the earth, and at the same time raised the knife and fell

So elusive, the Snake Emperor was caught off guard.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of humming!

The four clones were blown away by the snake emperor!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

This time, Qin Feng cut off the head of the snake of the earth with just one knife.

After the strength dropped, the Snake Emperor's defense was lowered, and even Qin Feng's sword could not stand.

"Damn little thief!"

The snake king roars!

The head of the Earth Snake shattered into pieces and turned into starlight.

The momentum of the Snake Emperor dropped to 11,000 stars again, and the defensive power also dropped sharply.

Qin Feng was overjoyed, no matter how much he was hurt, he would rush up to kill.

The four avatars also culled back again.

Not long after, he beheaded two snake heads one after another.

There is only one minute left for the assessment.

And the snake emperor has four heads left.

However, the momentum of the snake emperor also plummeted to 9000 stars again.

And Qin Feng, with the blessing of major talents, can completely strike with one enemy and four snakeheads.

If coupled with the help of the four avatars, he has the absolute upper hand.

But time is running out!

In a blink of an eye, thirty seconds passed.

Kacha~!

There was a flash of blood in the field!

The head of the snake of light was beheaded!

The Serpent King's momentum dropped to 8000 stars again.

But it still had three heads left, and only thirty seconds left.

Qin Feng is extremely anxious!

The snake emperor is also anxiously red-eyed!

At this moment, the two sides are fighting for time.

With 9 seconds left in the countdown, Qin Feng cut off another head...

The Snake Emperor's momentum dropped to 7000 stars again, but it still has two heads...

"Haha! Human! There are only nine seconds left! You lose! You lose this time!"

The snake emperor fled wildly, laughing at the same time.

So far, it has been found. ,

Qin Feng's teleportation skills can only be teleported next time after an interval of one second.

So, every time it escapes to the left for one second, it quickly moves to the right again.

That is to say, it changes position every second.

Make Qin Feng unpredictable.

"Damn!"