Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was extremely annoyed when he saw the Snake Emperor flee to the left for a while, and then to the back for a while.

In this way, even if he had teleportation, it would be difficult to kill him smoothly.

Because before he teleports, he must first locate.

When he teleported over, the Snake Emperor had already changed positions.

This beast has become cunning!

But time waits for no one!

Swish~!

Qin Feng rushed over directly.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In just a few seconds, he caught up with the Snake Emperor.

6 seconds left!

Regardless of whether the snake emperor asked, he still tried his best to escape.

Even if Qin Feng cut off a head, it still has the last one left.

As long as the last few seconds have passed, it wins.

But this time, Qin Feng did not kill the snake's head, but directly raised the knife and killed the snake's body...

Swish~!

Thousands of swords soared into the sky!

Kacha~!

A bang!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng slashed with a knife, and cut off the snake emperor in the middle.

The Snake Emperor roared bitterly, and suddenly stumbled and fell to the ground.

Qin Feng hurriedly dodged and rushed forward!

Swish~! Swish~!

Knife light flashes!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two streaks of blood shot!

The last two heads of the Snake Emperor were chopped off in succession!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the valley!

The roar is full of endless unwillingness!

Only the last 2 seconds left!

The Snake King still couldn't hold on!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the snake's body shattered inch by inch and turned into starlight...

An extremely dazzling white light flew from the starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the Guarding Hydra Emperor (Imperial Level), you get +82.16 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the Guarding Hydra Emperor (Imperial Level), you get +6 million Judgment Points. 】

[Successfully killed the Guarding Hydra Emperor (Imperial Level), congratulations on your SS rating. 】

[Reminder: Please rest for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, open the ninth level...]

The last two seconds!

He finally killed the Hydra Emperor!

Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief, feeling a little fortunate.

At this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on him...

[You have been promoted to a level 20 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 40 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 40 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 40 points! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

At this level, he got 6 million Judgment Points, and his vocation has risen to 20 in one fell swoop, which is another big gain!

This thought only came to me, and the reminder came from Heaven.

[Reminder: It has been detected that your vocation has risen to level 20, and you have met the level conditions for promotion to Judge Master. 】

[Judgment Master Promotion Conditions]

[Professional job is upgraded to level 20]

[Master the S-level light and dark reincarnation talent]

[Reminder: After being promoted to Judge Master, you will get great benefits. 】

Qin Feng was surprised.

His vocation could be promoted.

I just don't know, what benefits will I get after being promoted to Judge Master?

Having said that, he is just one line away from mastering the reincarnation of light and dark.

As long as he completes the foundation building, the next step is to awaken the seventh sense.

As soon as his seventh sense awakened, he automatically mastered the cycle of light and dark.

At that time, his vocation will be automatically promoted to Judge Master!

Qin Feng is looking forward to it more and more.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Challenge reminder: It has been detected that you have obtained an SS-level evaluation in this round of assessment. Your points have now accumulated to 410 points. 】

[Challenge reminder: Congratulations on completing the first challenge, and the additional rewards will be distributed. 】

【Congratulations for getting additional rewards + 20 prestige! 】

[Congratulations for getting additional rewards + 10,000 attributes! 】

[Reminder: The additional rewards obtained by the challenge will be issued after all assessments are completed. 】

As soon as the reminder ended, the sky shook, and a beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng...

In the next second, his attribute points skyrocketed wildly, and in a blink of an eye, he got 10,000 attribute points and 20 reputation points...

He was amazed!

It turned out that the additional rewards for the challenge were issued instantly. ,

As long as the challenge is successful, it will be distributed immediately.

At the moment, he couldn't wait to open the panel and check it out.

After reading this, the smile on his face grew even stronger.

I saw the reputation column displayed as follows.

[Reputation]: 761 points (novice supreme)

The reputation has really improved, and the goal of 800 points is one step closer.

Take a look at the properties tab...

[own attribute]: 11300 points

The number of free attribute points exceeded 10,000. In addition to the reward just now, his subordinates gave him another 1,300 points.

At the moment, Qin Feng did not hesitate at all, and directly added the starting point.

Judging from the current situation, the guardian spirit of the ninth level is definitely the existence of the sixth level of heaven.

Heaven rank six!

The range of combat power ranges from 15,000 stars to 2.5 stars.

Even the weakest Heaven Rank Sixth Layer is twice as powerful as the Hydra Emperor.

With his current strength, it is almost impossible to defeat the sixth heaven level, let alone pass the level.

To put it bluntly, his combat power is still insufficient.

However, Qin Feng will definitely not give up!

Anyway, he's going to try it.

Maybe, he will pass the customs!

Soon, he finished adding points, and his combat power was increased to 9300 stars in one fell swoop, a full 200 star combat power.

Qin Feng is very satisfied

Chapter 349 The supreme beast!

Soon after Qin Feng finished adding points, the ground in front of him shook once again.

Boom~Long~Long~!

The entire valley shook violently.

Qin Feng quickly looked forward.

He knew that the guardian spirit of the last level was about to appear.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this time, the earth slowly cracked, and the huge cracks slowly extended to the surrounding.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Immediately afterwards, the gravel burst, the sand and stones flew, and a stalwart figure with a height of ten thousand feet broke out of the ground...

As soon as it appeared, the endless heavenly might spread out and overwhelmed the audience.

That is the sixth-level Tianwei!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever Tianwei came, the ground was cracked, and the momentum was shocking.

At this time, the dust and smoke in the sky slowly dissipated.

Qin Feng finally saw the appearance of the giant shadow.

It was a monster with a height of ten thousand feet, a dragon-headed human body, bone spurs on its back, fangs on its mouth, and golden eyes, like a demon god.

[Evil Object]: Gluttonous Demon (Supreme Level)

[Strength]: Sixth Heavenly Level

[Talent]: Bloodline talent (gluttonous, S-level), Law of Destruction (S-level), Devouring Law (SS-level),

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

【Origin】: The direct descendant of the fierce glutton

"Hey~! Supreme class!"