Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng took a breath of cold air.

Above the emperor level is the supreme level.

It was the first time he saw a supreme-level monster.

What is even more frightening is that all the monster talents are above S rank, and one of them is SS rank.

This is far higher than his estimate!

He originally thought that the strength of the guardian spirits in this level was probably the two of the Hydra Emperor.

Now it seems that it is more than ten times stronger!

How to fight this?

Qin Feng was a little depressed.

Having said that, this monster is the direct descendant of the four evil 557 beasts, so it is not surprising that it has such strength.

The four beasts are the existences that can compete with the four spirits of Qinglong, Suzaku, Baihu, and Xuanwu.

They are among the most powerful beings among many mythical beasts.

And gluttonous is the head of the four beasts.

This gluttonous demon is a direct descendant of the gluttonous glutton, and is naturally very strong.

And it also inherited the SS-level talent of gluttonous - the law of devouring.

Having said that, it was the first time Qin Feng saw SS-level talent.

What is the magical effect of this SS-level devouring law?

At the same time, the gluttonous demon was also looking at Qin Feng, and there was excitement and excitement in his eyes...

After a while, it sputtered.

"It's been a million years! Boy, you're the first person who can get in front of this deity! After waiting for so many years, it's not easy to finally have delicious food delivered to your door!"

The gluttonous devil licked his lips with excitement on his face.

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

What's the meaning?

Does this monster want to eat people? !

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Please kill the gluttonous demon within 10 minutes. If the timeout is not completed, it will be judged that the level has failed. 】

[Countdown: 10:00…09:59…09:58…]

The crossing has begun!

Time is running out!

Qin Feng quickly waved his hand and summoned the four avatars.

In the face of such a terrifying existence, he must go all out.

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly pinched a seal.

Ka~cha~!

Suddenly, a thunderstorm fell from the sky and slashed towards the gluttonous demon.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The four avatars also shot at the same time.

The Mirage clone released a thousand-zhang wind blade, slashing at the gluttonous demon.

The Yueling clone released a thousand-zhang ice arrow, which shot towards the gluttonous demon.

The other two clones, one released a huge fireball, the other released a super-large meteorite, and they all smashed into the gluttonous demon...

As soon as the five attacks came out, wind, fire, thunder, ice, and stone, the momentum was earth-shattering, and it seemed that it could destroy cities and pull mountains and destroy everything!

Facing such a terrifying existence as a gluttonous demon, Qin Feng didn't know the details, so he naturally had to use a long-range attack to test it out...

In the blink of an eye, those five attacks were simultaneously killed in front of the gluttonous demon, and the momentum was devastating...

The gluttonous devil was surprised, as if he had seen delicious food.

The next second, it opened its mouth and swallowed the five attacks...

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just an instant, it swallowed five attacks into its belly, and then a faint black light lit up its entire body.

After a while, the black light disappeared.

The gluttonous spirit increased by one point.

Then it burped.

"Hmm! Nice energy! It's delicious!"

The gluttonous demon smashed his lips with all his will, and looked at Qin Feng proudly...

This scene made Qin Feng dumbfounded.

Immediately, he wanted to understand.

That is the SS-level talent of the gluttonous devil - the law of devouring!

It can actually devour all energy and convert it into its own strength.

Such talent is really terrifying!

"Boy! It's the deity's turn!"

As soon as the voice fell, the aura of the gluttonous demon broke out, suddenly reaching about 20,000 stars, which was more than twice that of Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was completely shocked!

Boom~!

But before he could think about it, the gluttonous demon suddenly pulled out his claws and slapped it in front of Qin Feng.

That giant hand that pierces the sky, covering the sky and the earth!

Where the giant claws go, the sky and the earth are torn apart, and the ghosts and gods are changed!

What's even more terrifying is that the claw contains the S-level - the law of destruction, the formidable power is monstrous, and it has reached the sixth peak of the full blow.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng roared in his heart, and immediately urged the law of constitution and the law of earth, and propped up a protective mask.

Boom~!

That palm fell!

It fell directly on the ground three feet in front of Qin Feng!

Click~! chah~!

Suddenly, the sky is falling apart!

The earth shattered instantly!

Countless boulders fly up!

A blast of sound waves in the sky!

Shock all around!

Under the impact of the explosion sound wave, the four clones shattered and collapsed.

And Qin Feng was also rushed back by the terrifying sound of the explosion, and even the protective mask was shattered.

After a while, the dust and smoke dissipated.

There was a palm pit more than a thousand feet deep in the field, like an abyss, shocking.

If there is magma under this valley, that one claw can shoot out the magma, which is really amazing.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

Obviously, the gluttonous slap was just a demonstration, so it was not slapped on him, but next to him.

Even so, the Yuwei that burst out of the palm also defeated his four avatars, and even he was knocked back.

If that palm slapped on him, it would definitely blow him up on the spot.

In other words, the gluttonous devil has the strength to kill him in seconds.

This is the difference in strength!

The sixth level of heaven is too strong!

What's more, the gluttonous devil is not an ordinary sixth-level heaven, and its strength is not weak in the sixth-level heaven.

As expected of a supreme monster!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was too lazy to resurrect the four avatars.

In the face of such a terrifying existence as a gluttonous demon, his clone can no longer help.

At this time, the gluttonous demon spit out human words again.

"Not bad! Not bad! The deity failed to shock you to death with a palm in the air, which shows that you still have some strength. Next, the deity wants to make a deal with you!"

Qin Feng was surprised: "What deal?"

The gluttonous demon smiled and said, "You keep attacking the deity! Whether it's wind, rain, thunder and lightning, or flaming meteorites, just like you did just now."

Having said that, the gluttonous demon also licked his lips, revealing the appearance of a greedy mouth.

It turned out to be trying to devour energy.

The more energy it devours, the more its strength increases.

Therefore, it wants Qin Feng to continuously release energy attacks for it to devour.

A million years!

It finally encountered an opportunity to let it devour energy, how could it be missed!

"Of course! If you don't agree, the palm of your hand has already explained everything. This deity can slap you to death with one palm! According to the rules, if you die in the pass, you will be deducted ten points."

"If you agree, the deity promises not to kill you and let you live until the time limit for breaking through the level is over. It's also a loss. It's better to not deduct 10 points than to deduct 10 points, right? You should know which one is more important."

After finishing speaking, the gluttonous devil looked at Qin Feng with a leisurely look, and the corners of his mouth were full of playful smiles.

In its view, Qin Feng will definitely compromise.

As long as you are not a fool, you will choose not to die.

You lose anyway, so why should you deduct 10 more points from yourself?

Up to now, the gluttonous devil never thought that Qin Feng would win.

In fact, Qin Feng can never win!

Its palm wind can easily knock Qin Feng back. To say that Qin Feng can kill it in ten minutes is simply a fantasy.

At the same moment, Qin Feng's eyes rolled around.

He's thinking about the gluttonous deal.

In fact, the gluttonous deal has no appeal to him.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

His total score is now 410!

Even if he was killed and 10 points were deducted, his total score would still be 400 points, and the reward would remain the same without any loss.

but……

Qin Feng rolled his eyes: "Okay! I promise you!"

The gluttonous devil is overjoyed: "Haha! The person who knows the current affairs is Junjie, that's a good thing!"

Qin Feng: "However, I have a small request!"

Gluttonous: "What's the request?"