Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng sighed: "You are too tall! Every time I shoot at you, I have to raise my head, which affects the frequency of my attacks. Can you get smaller?"

The gluttonous demon's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

It wished Qin Feng's attack frequency was high, so that it would devour more energy.

As soon as the voice fell, its figure shrank rapidly, and in a blink of an eye it became two meters tall, only one head higher than Qin Feng.

"Okay! Come on! Hit me! Come hit me!"

The gluttonous greeted warmly.

The situation was a little weird.

Qin Feng swallowed a mouthful of water.

It was the first time in his life that he had heard such a strange request.

However, his chance also came.

Qin Feng's mouth showed an evil smile

Chapter 350 Kill the gluttons and win the SSS level!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the gluttonous demon.

"Ready?"

Qin Feng asked casually.

"Although attack it!"

The gluttonous demon crossed his hands on his chest, looking relaxed and at ease.

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng suddenly shot!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! ~ Extreme Yang Law!

Explode at the same time!

The power of layers of laws is superimposed!

The power of heavy attack is combined!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the sword light reaches, the space is shattered, and all things are destroyed!

Qin Feng held the hilt in both hands and slashed down with all his might!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

Sound waves sway!

resounding through the world!

The whole valley is shaking!

That knife slashed on the forehead of the gluttonous demon!

A splash of sparks!

A light white mark was left on the black scales!

Qin Feng was extremely surprised!

With this knife, even the scales on the gluttonous devil's forehead could not be slashed.

The defense of this monster is extremely perverted!

He underestimated the gluttony's defense power.

The gluttonous demon was also stunned!

It looked at Qin Feng in amazement.

At this moment, it felt a little pain.

This kid's attack is so strong!

But what does this kid mean? !

What it wants is not this kind of attack, but various elemental attacks of wind, fire, thunder and lightning.

It turned out that its swallowing law can only swallow various elemental attacks, but cannot swallow physical attacks

"Boy, why did you cut me?"

The gluttonous demon's eyes widened.

Qin Feng pretended to be stupid: "Uh! Didn't you say, let me attack?"

The gluttonous demon was furious: "Idiot! What this deity wants is all kinds of attacks by wind, fire, thunder and lightning, not this!"

Qin Feng complained: "You didn't make it clear! Can you blame me? Otherwise! Let's start again?!"

The gluttonous devil is depressed: "That's it! That's it! Come again! This time, don't you make a mistake?"

"Don't worry! I will never make a mistake! Look at it, Kuanglei!"

Qin Feng immediately pinched a seal.

Ka~cha~!

Suddenly, a thunderstorm fell from the sky and slashed directly at the gluttonous demon...

When the gluttonous demon saw the mad thunder, his eyes lit up and he took a breath when he opened his mouth.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng suddenly shot again!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, rising into the sky again!

Qin Feng slashed down again with all his might!

huh~!

The gluttonous devil just swallowed that thunderbolt.

When~!

Qin Feng's knife also slashed on its forehead at the same time.

Same location!

The same full-strength knife!

The white marks on the black scales became darker!

At that moment, the field became extremely quiet, and even a needle could be heard falling.

roar~!

In the next second, a shocking roar sounded in the field!

"You dare to deceive this deity!"

Boom~!

The gluttonous devil slapped Qin Feng with all his strength.

That palm shot out contains the law of destruction.

Suddenly, the world changes color, the sun and the moon have no light, and the power destroys the sky and the earth!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

With just one palm, the gluttonous demon smashed Qin Feng into a **** fog.

The whole valley is shaking violently!

This is instant kill!

The furious blow of the gluttonous devil is extremely terrifying!

damn it!

This cunning human being dared to play with it.

No wonder it didn't kill this human being!

It's really overpowering!

Looking at the blood mist in the sky in front of him, the gluttonous demon was so angry that he couldn't fight.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At this moment, the center of its eyebrows was still aching.

Two consecutive knives in the same position still hurt a bit.

The strength of this human is really strong!

However, he is dead!

He has been killed by himself!

At this moment, that human must be extremely regretful.

Because of this death, he will be deducted ten points!

Thinking of this, the gluttonous devil suddenly felt relieved.

But in the next second, there is a sudden change in the field!

Boom~!

I saw the blood mist in front of me suddenly turning into golden flames all over the sky.

The gluttonous devil quickly looked carefully.

In the next second, it will see clearly.

I saw a fist-sized red spirit bead in the center of the flame, emitting a purple-gold flame.

That is the Nirvana Spirit Orb refined by Xiao Luan'er!

At this moment, the Nirvana Spirit Orb released a monstrous fire of Nirvana, burning violently!

Rebirth is on!

Boom~Long~Long!

In just a moment, the blood mist reunited, and Qin Feng was instantly resurrected.

The speed of the resurrection is so fast!

Completely beyond the gluttonous expectations!

It has seen a lot of things that can be resurrected, but no one has been resurrected so fast.

What's even more surprising is that after Qin Feng was resurrected, his momentum did not diminish at all, as if he had never been injured.

This is the powerful advantage of Nirvana Rebirth!

"Nirvana rebirth!"

The gluttonous exclaimed!

It has amazing knowledge and recognizes it at a glance. This is the most powerful of all methods of rebirth, and it is extremely difficult to deal with.

This is a skill mastered by Xiao Luan'er!

At this moment, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er are in a state of integration, and naturally they also master this secret technique.