Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

And if he can come back to life, according to the rules, it is not really dead, and no points will be deducted.

"die!"

With this resurrection, Qin Feng slashed with all his strength and slashed at the gluttonous demon again.

Swish~!

The ten thousand zhang knife Qi rises into the sky again!

When~!

The third knife!

Kill the same spot!

The white print on the black scales is a little deeper!

roar~!

The gluttonous roar!

A little pain, let it recover from the shock, and suddenly burst into anger.

"This deity shoots you to death!"

Boom~!

The gluttonous demon directly slapped it with a palm!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Qin Feng was shot again and turned into a **** fog.

But in the next breath, he was instantly resurrected, and with a fierce knife, he slashed at the gluttonous demon's forehead.

When~!

Gold and iron symphony!

The world is shaking!

The white print deepens!

The gluttonous demon was unscathed, but was furious.

Suddenly, its stubborn temper came.

It knows why Qin Feng dares to fight it like this, because it is Nirvana rebirth.

As long as Qin Feng has been reborn, no points will be deducted even if he fails to pass the level.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Does this guy really think he can survive forever?

Nirvana rebirth has a weakness, that is, every time it is resurrected, it consumes a lot of soul power.

When the soul power is exhausted, it can no longer be resurrected, that is the real death!

It doesn't believe it, it can't exhaust this kid's soul power!

A boy at the human level, how can his soul power be stronger?

It wants this kid to be penalized!

I want this kid to regret it completely!

Dare to oppose yourself!

Then really die!

"This deity shoots you to death!"

The gluttonous demon roared wildly and slapped it with a palm.

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

Qin Feng was shot!

But in the next second, he was instantly resurrected and slashed directly at the gluttonous demon's forehead.

"I'm hacking you to death!"

Qin Feng roared and slashed with one knife!

When~!

Gold and iron symphony!

The world is shaking!

"This deity shoots you to death!"

Bang~!

Shocking noise!

Bloody fog!

In this way, the two sides stood there and attacked each other!

You knife!

I slap!

When~! When~! ~ When!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The sound of gold and iron!

The sound of heaven and earth cracking!

Intertwined!

The scene in the field is like doomsday, extremely terrifying!

It was also mixed with 'I'm hacking you to death! ' 'This deity is afraid of you! ' curse!

Your knife, my palm, come and go!

That scene was inexplicably funny!

Obviously, both of them are stubborn!

At this moment, they are completely on the hook!

Do not consume the other party, never give up!

When~! When~! When~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

All kinds of explosions today!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for hundreds of rounds, and more than eight minutes passed!

With just over a minute left, the assessment time limit is approaching.

The gluttonous demon's eyes have revealed joy!

After hundreds of rounds, it has shot Qin Feng hundreds of times.

Now, he clearly feels that Qin Feng's soul power fluctuations have become much weaker, reaching the limit.

In its view, Qin Feng can only hold on to two palms at most, and his soul will collapse and disappear completely.

It's already victorious!

And Qin Feng will be deducted ten points for his complete death!

Ha ha!

Want to fight it!

In the end, it's you who is unlucky!

It is the final winner!

The gluttonous thought proudly.

0

Having said that, the tenacity of this human soul exceeded its expectations.

At this moment, Qin Feng was resurrected again and slashed wildly!

The gluttonous devil has long been surprised!

After hundreds of times, Qin Feng still failed to break its defense.

With its strength, how can the defense be so easily broken?

When~!

Another burst of gold and iron symphony!

The world is shaking!

Click~!

Then, there was a soft sound!

The scales on its forehead were finally cut open!

The sharp knife gas pierced the scalp, causing it to shed a stream of bright red blood.

Pain also came from the wound!

"Roar~!"

The gluttonous roar!

Furious!

Soar to the sky!

This is the first time it has been injured since the battle.

For it, it is a great humiliation!

"die!"

Boom~!

The gluttonous slap shot!

Bang~!

Under that palm, it was earth-shattering.

Qin Feng was slapped with a bang.

Boom~!

In the next instant, the fire of Nirvana soared into the sky.

In the golden flames, Qin Feng was instantly reborn!

"die!"

This resurrection, Qin Feng immediately shot.

Swish~!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! Extreme Yang Law!

Explode at the same time!

Wherever the blade shines, the sun and the moon have no light!

The momentum is devastating!

There is some disdain in the gluttonous eyes!