Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

0

Its attack power against Qin Feng has long been known, and this knife will not kill it.

On the contrary, it sensed that Qin Feng's soul power was extremely weak!

As long as it takes another slap, Qin Feng will definitely be completely eliminated.

Right now, it secretly transports the Law of Destruction, preparing for the last lore!

Swish~!

The sword light is approaching!

Qin Feng's knife has come close!

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

Om~!

The Shinra Heavenly Blade lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Additional skills!

Sky-breaking strike activates!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power increased by a thousand stars!

That is the base combat power increased by a thousand stars!

Under the blessing of various laws, the attack power has increased by more than a thousand stars!

The gluttonous demon was horrified, and suddenly felt bad.

But all this is too late!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The knife slashed into the gluttonous devil's brain from the wound on his forehead!

The sky-high saber qi rushed into its brain.

The incomparable pain made it roar in the sky!

At the same time, it also slapped Qin Feng!

It was a slap in the face of a dying struggle!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

Qin Feng was shot with a bang!

It turned into a **** fog!

Ha ha!

Die together!

The gluttonous roar in the heart!

It sensed that this was the last blow Qin Feng's soul body could withstand.

But in the next second, it desperately discovered that Qin Feng's originally weak soul power fluctuations suddenly became extremely strong.

In just an instant, Qin Feng was resurrected!

Not good~!

be cheated!

Suddenly, the gluttonous devil wanted to understand what was going on.

It turned out that Qin Feng's soul body was about to collapse, and he was always disguising it.

The purpose is to lure, and the gluttonous demon has been attacking him, and let the gluttonous demon be careless.

In fact, the strength of Qin Feng's soul body greatly exceeded the gluttonous expectations.

Damn it!

At this moment, the gluttonous devil is extremely angry and regretful!

From the beginning to the end, it was calculated by Qin Feng and played step by step according to Qin Feng's rhythm and routine.

He clearly has an absolute advantage and can easily prevent Qin Feng from clearing the customs, but the result is

No~!

The glutton is sorry!

But at this moment, it's too late to regret it!

It wailed in despair, its body began to shatter, and then turned into starlight.

In the next second, an extremely dazzling golden light flew out from the countless stars and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Successfully kill the gatekeeper gluttonous demon (supreme level), you will get +162.11 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kill the gatekeeper gluttonous demon (supreme level), you will get +10 million judgment points. 】

[Successfully killed the gatekeeper gluttonous demon (supreme level), congratulations on your SSS level evaluation. 】

The 351st chapter is the foundation of the gods, and it is fully strengthened!

At the same moment, an upgraded white light lit up on Qin Feng's body

That's Xiao Luan's upgrade.

The little guy is now level 22.

Qin Feng was surprised.

This time is really a happy event!

Not only did he get an SSS rating, but Xiao Luan'er also got an upgrade.

Having said that, it was a bit of a fluke that he succeeded in breaking through this time.

If he hadn't been pretending to be weak, the gluttonous demon felt that he could kill him with just a few more slaps.

In the end, he used his own strengths and attacked his opponent's weaknesses to win by luck.

And his advantage is that he can be reborn infinitely!

The disadvantage of gluttonous devils is that they cannot be resurrected.

In short, it's all within his calculations.

In terms of real strength, he is really not a gluttonous opponent.

At this thought, Qin Feng felt fortunate in his heart,

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Challenge reminder: It has been detected that you have obtained an SSS-level evaluation in this round of assessment. Your points have now accumulated to 530 points. 】

[Challenge reminder: congratulations on completing the second task challenge, and the additional rewards will be distributed. 】

【Congratulations for getting additional rewards + 30 reputation points! 】

[Congratulations for getting additional rewards + 20,000 attributes! 】

[Reminder: The additional rewards obtained from the challenge will be issued when the foundation is established. 】

Om~!

End of tip!

The sky shakes!

A beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng

In the next second, his attribute points skyrocketed wildly. In a blink of an eye, he got 20,000 attribute points and 30 reputation points...

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Immediately, he opened the panel to see that the free attribute points had accumulated to 21,100 points.

Among them, 1100 points were fed back by the subordinates.

The brothers in Longyuan Town are very powerful and have been supporting him silently with silent actions.

Qin Feng was moved.

Then, he started adding points.

In just a moment, all 21100 attributes have been added, and his combat power has skyrocketed by a lot.

As soon as the points were added, he turned into white light and was sent back to the assessment hall.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Congratulations, you have passed the first-class divine grade assessment and obtained the chance to build a first-class divine grade foundation. 】

【Total points exceed 150 points, you can get additional rewards. 】

[Additional bonus content: All foundation building items are strengthened by 10%. 】

[Your total score is 530 points, and the extra reward is multiplied by five, that is, all foundation building projects are strengthened by 50%. 】

[Please release the psychic combination, and after five minutes, start the foundation of the first-class gods]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng quickly released the fusion.

A golden flame bird was separated from his body.

In the next second, the divine bird turned into a five- or six-year-old girl.

Xiao Luan'er glanced around and quickly ran to Qin Feng's side.

"Dad! Dad! How's the last level? Did you get an SS rating?"

The little guy's tone was full of concern.

Qin Feng is her favorite father, and she naturally hopes that her father can get the best results.

It's just a fit state, her consciousness is asleep, and she doesn't know everything that happened before.

"Not only did he get the SS grade, but Dad also got the SSS grade."

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

Xiao Luan'er was extremely surprised: "Wow! It's amazing! Dad, you are amazing!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Little guy, go back to the zero-dimensional space first! Dad will build the foundation soon!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan responded obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng put the little guy into the zero-degree space.

Having said that, Qin Feng has gained a lot in the last assessment, and Xiao Luan'er has also gained a lot, and has been promoted two levels in a row.

He just glanced at Xiao Luan'er's combat power and suddenly reached 4000 stars.

If coupled with the best foundation building power, Xiao Luan'er's combat power can reach 4500 stars, properly entering the third level of heaven.

This is a small area in the outside world, can be a hegemony!

By the way, there are still four clones that have not been resurrected.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved again, and the stars gathered around him.

After a while, all the four clones were resurrected.

Then, he sent the four avatars into the zero-degree space.

As soon as the moon spirit clone and the phantom clone entered the space, they immediately took the hyperspace teleportation array and went to the headquarters of the clan.

Now, Baipi, Asan, Bangzi and other matters of the Hachimura Alliance have been dealt with, so the Mirage clone naturally doesn't want to go back to Longyuan headquarters to guard.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels