Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

He wants to upgrade as soon as possible! Win this bet as soon as possible!

He wanted to see, and wait until those Asan lost their bets, lost their attributes, and lost their resources.

Can they still laugh? !

Chapter 44: Surprise Mission Order

After exiting the chat channel, Qin Feng continued to kill monsters.

He looked up and looked forward, and in front of him was a vast expanse of grassland.

At the moment, his three talents of vision, smell, and hearing are fully activated, and he rushes to the depths of the grassland in a flash.

He must find new beasts as soon as possible.

Kill monsters to upgrade!

This green grassland is very suitable for the growth of fierce beasts, and there should be more beasts than those in the Bone-Bone Wasteland.

This is also the reason why he left the Bone Burial Wilderness and rushed to this grassland.

Sure enough, after a quarter of an hour, he discovered the situation.

At this moment, he looked at the earthbag in front of him with a wary expression.

With his super talent in hearing, he had already heard, and there was a series of faint noises from under the bunker.

Then there must be some beast hiding underneath!

Thinking of this, he clenched the handle of the knife in his hand.

In this dangerous level 10 beast area, even beasts over level 10 will appear. Who would have predicted what powerful monsters would appear next?

Therefore, he dare not be careless!

This idea came to me, and a sudden change occurred in front of me.

Boom~!

A blast!

The grass in front exploded, and the dust was flying!

A rock giant with a height of eight feet and green grass on his head emerged from the ground.

Its eyes are red, and its body is composed of gray rocks, and its momentum is extremely amazing.

At this moment, it stared at Qin Feng coldly, and the depths of its eyes were full of contempt.

In fact, it had discovered Qin Feng long ago, and was waiting for a sneak attack when this human passed through the dirt bag.

Unexpectedly, this human being was very alert and discovered it earlier.

[Monster]: Prairie Stone Giant (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 11

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 18 stars

[Characteristics]: Berserk, bloodthirsty, territory guardian.

[Talent]: Manipulation of Earth (D Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 11%

what!

It was actually a level 11 mutant monster!

Skills are not yet available!

Fuck it~!

The combat power is 18 stars!

This is a lot stronger than the 15-star Hell Two-Headed Dog!

In addition, this monster has mastered the D-level talent.

D-level talent, only a dozen people in the entire novice village have mastered it.

This is also the first time he has seen a monster with a talent of D rank.

The higher the talent, the stronger the strength!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and did not dare to be careless.

In this world full of killing, be careful, you can never go wrong.

After all, you only have one life!

roar~!

With a low roar, the stone giant took the lead.

As soon as it waved its hand, it threw a head-sized boulder and smashed it directly at Qin Feng, like a cannonball, fast and fast.

Qin Feng hurriedly dodged and quickly avoided.

Whoo~!

A gust of wind howls!

The round stone swept past Qin Feng's shoulder and smashed on the ground behind him.

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

The cobblestone smashed into a large pit on the ground and exploded. Suddenly, the gravel flew all over the place, the dust was flying, and the power was terrifying.

If it explodes, even a level 10 powerhouse will be injured.

what!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

This human, who was only level 7, reacted so quickly that he avoided it.

I'm afraid that many level 10 humans can't compare to him!

The stone giant was slightly surprised.

Afterwards, it waved its hand again, and the other hand threw a boulder at Qin Feng.

Qin Feng flashed again.

Swish~!

The cobblestone flew by once again.

But before he could catch his breath, the stone giant threw another cobblestone...

In this way, it kept waving its hands, and one round stone after another, like cannonballs, bombarded Qin Feng wildly.

Fuck it~!

This monster is a long-range attack!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, the stone giant threw a dozen cobblestones.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed and avoided one by one.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

All of a sudden, those boulders fell into the air, blasting the grass into darkness and dust flying.

At this moment, Qin Feng was also secretly rejoicing.

Fortunately, he has shadow boots, and his movement speed has a bonus, otherwise there is really no way to avoid them all.

But this is not the way to go. He must get close to the stone giant to kill him, and he can't be attacked by it all the time.

Otherwise, sooner or later he will have a flaw and be hit by it.

Thinking of this, he flashed his figure and killed the giant stone.

The two sides were more than ten meters apart, and at Qin Feng's speed, it was as fast as a ghost.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

He folded and flashed several times in a row, and rushed to the front of the stone giant.

The distance between the two sides is only one meter away.

Boom~!

At this moment, the stone giant stomped his feet and the earth shook.

Qin Feng was instantly alert, and his super hearing ability made him hear an object rushing up three feet below his feet.

He hurriedly moved to the side subconsciously.

Bang~!

A blast!

A sharp and long stone thorn rushed out from his side, almost stabbing him.

Fuck it~!

This monster can also use the ground thorn skill to sneak attack!

The stone giant was also surprised.

It also did not expect that Qin Feng could avoid it.

It was at this moment of shock that Qin Feng took action.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

He stabbed the stone giant's heart with one knife.

Click~!

A cracking sound of rocks!

puff~!

The knife went deep into it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

But in the next second, he realized something was wrong.

I saw that the stone giant not only did not fall down in response, but looked at him with a sneer.

Then, the palm of the hand rises!

The giant stone slapped it with all his strength, and slapped it directly on the top of Qin Feng's head, with an earth-shattering momentum.

At this moment, there is a smile in its eyes, and it seems that in the next second, Qin Feng can be made into meat sauce.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng was startled and pulled out the long knife with a 'huh', but he couldn't avoid the palm any longer.

In crisis, he raised his sword!

A palm and a knife collide in an instant!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The giant stone's sky-reaching power smashed Qin Feng out at once.

The next second, Qin Feng flipped and landed steadily.