Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

On the contrary, it is the headquarters of the Chi tribe, which borders several major guardian forces, and needs to be guarded by heavy troops all the time.

And Qin Feng couldn't leave the assessment hall for a while, so he first sent two clones to guard.

After doing these trivial matters, Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the panel.

Just finished adding points, he hasn't had time to check the latest data, and now he is free to take a look...

[Level]: Level 29

【Boundary】: Human level

【Reputation】: 791 points

[Combat Strength]: 6700 stars

good! good!

The combat power has reached 6700 stars, and he wants to be regarded as the fourth-level powerhouse.

In the state of non-psychic integration, it has such combat power, which is already quite good.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Looking at the reputation value, it suddenly reached 791 points.

Qin Feng smiled again.

Calculate the time, there are still three hours, and the prestige challenge is over.

Three hours was enough for him to complete the foundation building.

Once he has established the foundation, he will go to the star gate and kill the star gate guardian beast, and he will definitely get more than 10 reputation points.

At that time, his reputation will reach 800 points, which is 100,000 attribute rewards!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot.

At this moment, there was a shock around the hall, sending him away.

The next second, Qin Feng found that he was already on a huge altar.

【Athletes please sit cross-legged! Now start building the foundation of the first-class gods]

Qin Feng quickly sat down with his knees crossed.

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as he sat down, the altar moved, illuminating the sky.

Om~!

Then, the sky shook!

A golden beam of light thicker than a bucket descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's whole body...

In the next second, endless golden divine power, like monstrous water, poured into his body continuously...

Then it penetrates into every inch of skin, every inch of bone, every cell...

[The first-class gods build the foundation! Your body is being strengthened by divine power...]

[The first-class gods build the foundation! Your bones are being strengthened by divine power...]

[The first-class gods build the foundation! Your marrow is being strengthened by divine power...]

[The first-class gods build the foundation! Your soul is being strengthened by divine power...]

[The first-class gods build the foundation! The earth-level spiritual seal (high-grade divine product) is condensing...]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 11 stars...]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 10 stars...]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 12 stars...]

 …

At this moment, Qin Feng is constantly being strengthened by divine power from his body to his soul.

His momentum was also soaring.

The thrill of building a strong foundation spread in his heart...

At the same moment, the headquarter of the Chi tribe was stationed.

Liu Xuan and Lei Jue patrolled the camp.

There are more than 8,000 Longyuan townspeople stationed here.

After the affairs of the Longyuan headquarters were settled, Liu Yuan led more than 3,000 townspeople to the headquarters of the Qi tribe.

As a result, the number of people in the headquarter of the Qi clan has reached more than 8,000.

After all, this is a fortress and needs to be heavily guarded.

At this moment, Liu Xuan and the two chatted while patrolling the camp.

"Lei Jue, look at the time, it's almost evening, I don't know what happened to the boss's divine test?"

Liu Xuan looked at the sun on the horizon, and his tone was a little worried.

Not only is he worried, but all the people in Longyuan Town are concerned about Qin Feng's divine quality assessment.

"Don't worry! With the talent and potential of the boss, there is absolutely no problem in winning the divine grade assessment."

Lei Jue is full of information about Qin Feng.

Liu Xuan took a deep breath: "I naturally know this, the boss will definitely be able to win the divine grade assessment. I'm worried, can the boss win the high-level divine grade assessment?"

"The difficulty of the high-grade god-grade assessment is more than ten times more difficult than that of the middle-grade and low-grade! Of course, the benefits are also great!"

Lei Jue nodded slightly: "This is the truth! I heard that the examination of high-level gods is extremely difficult, and many peerless geniuses in the world cannot pass, even the descendants of gods."

"Our boss was only born in a small world, and his innate starting point is not as good as anyone else's, but it is indeed embarrassing for him to surpass the descendants of geniuses and gods in the big world."

Liu Xuan sighed: "Yeah! If it wasn't for entering this world of killing the heavens, we really don't know that Blue Star is so small, just a small world."

"However, I believe in the ability of the boss. He has the opportunity to surpass those great geniuses and descendants of gods and win the first-class **** test."

Lei Jue sighed: "If the boss can't do this, I really can't imagine what kind of young genius can surpass those people."

Liu Xuan nodded: "Yes! Having said that, if the boss succeeds, our Longyuan Town will not be far from the rise of the day. Even, our Blue Star Realm is not far from the rise."

Lei Jue said with a smile: "Of course! A high-level god-grade foundation-building boss! Even those mysterious forces that have been hidden for thousands of years, I'm afraid they will be afraid of one or two."

As soon as these words fell, the two of them smiled.

Up to now, they already know that in this big world, there are not only guardian strengths, but also some strange mysterious forces.

Many mysterious forces have experienced many battles in the world, and they are already standing.

Even some mysterious forces have lasted for 25,000 years.

That is equivalent to having experienced hundreds of thousands of worlds hegemony, and it is extremely terrifying to think about.

Among those forces, there will naturally be hidden existences above demigods.

Otherwise, they wouldn't last that long.

Immediately, Liu Xuan said, "Hope! I'm just praying now that the boss can successfully win the foundation of the first-class gods!"

"Yeah! Me too!"

Lei Jue sighed with emotion, and his tone was a bit worrying about gains and losses.

Whether Longyuan Town can soar to the sky in the future depends on whether Qin Feng can win the foundation of the first-class gods.

As long as Qin Feng wins the foundation of the first-class gods, he will be promoted to heaven and become a demigod in the future.

It's just that this goal is too high, and the two of them don't dare to expect too much.

Liu Xuan and the two did not know that Qin Feng not only won the first-class god-level foundation building, but also won five times the extra reward.

His result is the first in a million years!

Of course, a million years ago, whether anyone surpassed him is another matter.

In short, if Liu Xuan and the two knew the result, they would definitely be extremely shocked!

But he said that while Liu Xuan and the other were chatting, an old man in gray robe was rushing towards the nest of the Goth clan ten miles away...

The old man's face was gloomy and cold, his aura was extremely extraordinary, and he was suddenly a heaven-level second-level powerhouse.

He is the supreme elder of the Yuan clan - Ji Lao!

At this time, he was under the order of Yuankong, and he came to the headquarters of the Qi clan to investigate.

The 352nd chapter is comprehensively improved, god-level transformation!

"Haha! Finally arrived!"

Ji Laoyao looked at the Qizu headquarters not far away and breathed a sigh of relief.

It's weird this time!

Since the end of the Seven Clan Conference, the major guardian forces have tried their best to find challenging forces.

Only the Cang Clan and the Chi Clan remained silent!

This made Yuan Kong wonder, is it the beast **** behind the two clans, what new action has been made?

To say that in this area, the only strong people who can make Yuankong jealous are the beast gods and the old monsters of Xunyungang.

Of course, there is also the Yaotian family.

However, the relationship between Yuankong and the Yaotian family is very special.

In other words, the backing behind Yuankong is the Yaotian family.

Yuan Kong's prestige challenge order was obtained from the Yaotian family at a great cost.

"I don't know what the clan is doing? I'd better go and see it first."

Ji Lao muttered a word, then fell from the air, and then rushed to the headquarters of the Qi clan.

Flying in the air, the target is too obvious and easy to be found.

Therefore, he still chooses to walk from the ground...

All this is silent...

At the same time, there was a commotion in the Chi Clan camp.

With more than 8,000 people stationed, it is naturally very lively.

Liu Xuan and Lei Jue patrolled all the way and just arrived at the square.

At this moment, in the corner of the square, the teleportation array lit up with white light.

Liu Xuan and the two looked at them quickly, and saw the Mirage clone and the Moon Spirit clone appearing in the big formation.

The two were overjoyed and hurried forward.

"Boss, you are back!"

"Boss, how's your divine test?"

The two of Liu Xuan asked one after another, their faces full of concern.

"Hey! It's the boss's clone back!"

The surrounding townspeople also saw the two avatars, and one by one excitedly surrounded them.

The phantom avatar smiled slightly: "Everything is going well! Now, my main body is building the foundation. After the foundation is completed, I will tell you the 11th chapter!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience cheered!

Although the Mirage clone didn't say the details, the relaxed expression already explained everything.

This time, the boss's divine grade assessment was successful!

And it went very smoothly!

This makes everyone very excited!

At the moment, the two clones stopped talking and went back to the wooden house to rest.