Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Today, Qin Feng has used an infinite projection card.

Every Longyuan Town station has a projection of his wooden house.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After the two clones left, the townspeople were still excited.

"Haha! Great! The boss has succeeded in building the foundation!"

"Yeah! That's god-level foundation building! Even the worst low-level god-level foundation-building can be comparable to the heaven-level low-level combination. If the boss is a high-level god-level foundation building, it is equivalent to The top is in harmony.”

"Everyone, do you think that the boss has completed the foundation of the first-class gods?"

"Let me see! There's a 70% chance that it is!"

"I think there's a ninety percent chance!"

"That's right! The boss will definitely succeed!"

At this moment, everyone was discussing and excited.

Qin Feng is the backbone of Longyuan Town!

Therefore, Qin Feng's success in building the foundation is of great significance to Longyuan Town.

At this moment, everyone was looking forward to it, Qin Feng completed the foundation of the first-class gods...

At the same moment, Ji Lao has quietly sneaked out of the camp.

A distance of ten miles, for a heaven-level powerhouse like him, can be crossed in minutes.

At this moment, he heard, and there were waves of earth-shattering cheers in the camp.

He frowned involuntarily.

What happened to the clan?

Make those guys so happy!

Thinking of this, his figure flashed, and he accelerated towards the camp.

In just a moment, he arrived near the camp and saw a group of people in the distance, all wearing battle armor, with extraordinary aura.

But these people's accents are somewhat unfamiliar.

Look at these appearances again, with yellow skin, black hair, and black eyes, they don't look like people from the Qi clan!

After further sensing, he was shocked to find that these people had the blood of the dragon race on them!

wrong!

These people are definitely not the children of the clan!

Thinking of this, his eyes lit up with inspiration, and he went to detect everyone in Long Yuan.

Boom~!

After this detection, he suddenly trembled!

Challenger!

These are the challengers!

Omg!

There are thousands!

Everyone has the strength of the peak of human level!

developed!

It's developed now!

By killing these top-level challengers, he can earn a lot of points!

Thinking of this, he hurried to the sky.

Now that he has seen it, how can he let everyone in Long Yuan go?

Although there are thousands of people on Longyuan's side, none of them are prefecture-level powerhouses.

And he is a dignified heaven-level second-level powerhouse. With his strength, he can definitely sweep everyone in the audience!

Boom~!

Ji Lao soared into the sky, and suddenly the air waves rolled, and the sky and the earth roared.

The terrifying movement shocked the entire camp at once.

Everyone in Long Yuan followed the sound, and saw an old man in gray, rising into the sky, and instantly over their camp.

Everyone was shocked!

"There is an enemy attack!"

"Respond to the enemy! Everyone, come out and respond to the enemy!"

"Kill this old thief together!"

Suddenly, the audience roared.

In the next second, a large number of Longyuan townspeople poured out from every corner of the camp. All of them were well-trained and not afraid of the enemy!

snort!

Ji Lao snorted disdainfully!

The endless heavenly might oppressed down!

These overpowered challengers!

In front of the heaven-level powerhouse, the earth-level are all ants!

It doesn't matter how many people there are!

"Wait for the ants! Go to hell!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Lao slapped it with a palm!

That big hand that is open to the sky, shrouded in a thousand zhang, overwhelmingly photographed, the momentum destroys the sky and destroys the earth.

"Tianwei! It's Tianwei!"

"He is a heavenly powerhouse!"

This time, everyone was horrified to discover that Ji Lao was actually a second-level powerhouse.

At this time, Ji Lao's terrifying palm fell...

The Guardian Altar takes effect automatically!

The invisible shield rises!

Kacha~!

The palm slapped on the protective cover, and the protective cover was shattered inch by inch, and the entire camp was shaking violently.

"Damn!"

Ji Lao is extremely depressed!

The first palm did not build an attack!

It seems that this protective mask is the legendary guardian altar.

It is rumored that the guardian altar of the challenging forces can withstand the first blow no matter how strong the opponent is.

Now, it seems so!

But so what?

He's hitting the second shot now!

Boom~!

Ji Lao attacked again, shot the second palm, and shot directly at the thousands of people in the field.

That destructive momentum enveloped the audience!

With that palm, at least hundreds of people can be killed!

Hundreds!

That's a lot of points!

Ji Lao's eyes were full of excitement.

He seemed to see his own gains!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field.

Swish~! Swish~!

Light and shadow is busy!

In the crowd below, two stalwart figures suddenly rushed out and greeted him directly.

It was two young people who looked exactly the same, very handsome and unrestrained, and their temperament was even more extraordinary.

They are the two avatars of Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, the Mirage clone and the Moon Spirit clone came to the front.

The speed is so fast that it is absolutely heaven-shattering, and it has completely reached the level of the third level of heaven.

Ji Lao suddenly felt bad!

But before he thought about it, the two clones attacked.

Boom~! Boom~!

The two palms of the two clones greeted Ji Lao's palm.

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Ji Lao groaned, and was bombarded to vomit blood and flew out.

While you are sick! kill you!

Swish~! Swish~!

One of the two clones dodged, and they chased and killed at the same time...

This time, the two clones have summoned their weapons.

But he said that Ji Lao was spit blood and rolled, and his heart was extremely horrified.

He couldn't believe that among these challengers, there was a super-powerhouse of the third level of heaven hidden!

Omg!

How long has it been since?

The challenged forces gave birth to the Heaven-level triple powerhouse!

And, there are two!

This is too exaggerated!

This completely broke his cognition!

Ji Lao couldn't believe it.

After a while, he stabilized his body.

But as soon as he stabilized, he heard the sound of breaking the air, and it came quickly.

He looked up quickly and saw the two clones coming.

Swish~!

Phantom Mirage slashed with a knife!

The shocking dragon blade continued to vibrate!