Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It's like a shocking dragon!

Boom~!

The flame wind gun of the Moon Spirit clone also bombarded, and the momentum was also devastating!

"Damn!"

Ji Lao had no time to dodge, and in panic, he held up a protective mask.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The mask is broken!

Bleeding!

Under that blow, Ji Lao even brought a mask and was bombarded on the spot!

The shrill screams echoed in the air!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

The people below are amazed!

The boss is really awesome.

Only two clones shot, and only between two face-to-face, they killed a heaven-level second-level powerhouse.

After killing Ji Lao, the Mirage clone went to extract the body.

Yueling clone took away Ji Lao's storage ring, and glanced at Ji Lao's storage ring at random.

But when he saw it, there was a look of joy in his eyes.

Ha ha!

This inadvertently killed a second-level powerhouse, and actually got a good treasure, which is one of the treasures Qin Feng desperately needs.

At the same moment, deep within the hall of divine grade assessment.

The foundation-building altar has stopped functioning, and the divine light in the air has dissipated.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[The foundation of the first-class **** product is completed! You have successfully condensed the earth-level spiritual seal (the first-class divine product), and you have stepped into the earth-level realm! 】

[The foundation of the first-class **** product is completed! Your Earth-level Spirit Seal controls the power of foundation building, reaching 4000 stars. 】

[The foundation of the first-class **** product is completed! Your life limit is increased to 300 years old. 】

[The foundation of the first-class **** product is completed! Your whole body has been strengthened, and your basic combat power has increased to 7700 stars. 】

[The construction of the 543 base of the first-class gods is completed! Your soul body has been strengthened, and the strength of your soul body has reached the fourth level of heaven. 】

Whoo~!

The foundation is finally completed!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Having said that, in general, the foundation of the lower-level gods is completed, and the strength of the soul body is comparable to the first-level heaven.

A medium god-grade foundation, the strength of the soul body is comparable to the second level of heaven.

The first-class gods build the foundation, and the strength of the soul body is comparable to the third level of heaven.

He was able to reach the fourth level of heaven, indicating that his soul body strength was based on a good foundation, so he could have such a big improvement.

What's even better is that his current basic combat power is 7700 stars, and his foundation building power is 4000 stars, so his comprehensive combat power can reach 11,700 stars.

This is the strength of the middle stage of the fifth level of heaven!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very satisfied.

But this idea came to him, and a white light flew from the void and poured into his body.

Tiandao's prompt also followed.

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level 2), you get +2871 attributes, +40.34 million energy points, +703 points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that good things are coming again.

That was the harvest of the two clones killing Ji Lao.

But this thought only came up, and Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Reminder: Additional rewards are now issued, and all aspects of strengthening are increased by 50%]

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

Immediately afterwards, another golden beam of light thicker than a bucket descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's body.

In the next second, endless golden divine power poured into his body continuously.

【Additional rewards! Your body continues to be strengthened by divine power]

【Additional rewards! Your bones continue to be strengthened by divine power...]

【Additional rewards! Your marrow continues to be strengthened by divine power...]

【Additional rewards! Your soul continues to be strengthened by divine power...]

【Additional rewards! Your Earth-level Spirit Seal is being strengthened by divine power...]

【Additional rewards! Your lifespan limit is being continuously increased...]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 11 stars]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 10 stars]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 12 stars]

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's aura rose wildly again.

He was surprised and delighted!

In the next second, he closed his eyes and slowly enjoyed this leap-forward transformation

Chapter 353 Foundation building completed, strength skyrocketed!

At this moment, Qin Feng's aura rose wildly again.

He was surprised and delighted!

In the next second, he closed his eyes and slowly enjoyed this leap-forward transformation

At the same moment, the sky above the Qi Clan camp.

The Mirage has finished extracting Ji Lao's corpse, and has obtained a total of 100 attributes.

He was very satisfied, and released a ball of golden flames, turning the corpse into ashes.

And Yueling clone took out a white spirit bead with a happy face.

That was the treasure he found from Ji Lao's storage ring.

At this moment, Yueling's clone happily looked at the white spirit bead.

I saw that the white spirit bead had its own cold air.

As soon as it appeared, the temperature dropped sharply in a radius of dozens of miles.

[Ice Spirit Orb: Sixth-order, heaven and earth wonders. Under the 10,000-year glacier, it absorbs the essence of the 10,000-year cold air and nurtures the spiritual bead. 】

[Effect 1: Refining this Spirit Orb can strengthen the power of the law of the water system. 】

[Effect 2: This Spirit Orb can be fused with the clone. If the fusion is successful, the clone can get rid of the limitation of being unable to stay away from the main body. Even if it is hundreds of millions of miles away from the main body, the clone can remain unbroken. 】

[Reminder: Only by mastering the A-level water law talent, its clone can fuse this spirit bead. 】

Seeing this, Yueling clone smiled.

Of the four avatars of the main body, two avatars got rid of the distance limitation, and two avatars could not.

Now with this Cold Spirit Orb, another clone can get rid of the distance limitation.

Without the distance limit, the clone can share the worries for the main body.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Having said that, the fusion of Lingzhu is different, and Qin Feng's clone will also be slightly different.

The six sense abilities of the phantom avatar are stronger.

The dark law of the Moon Spirit clone is stronger.

If the next clone incorporates the Ice Spirit Orb, the water law will be stronger.

Thinking of this, the Moon Spirit clone descended from the sky and landed on the teleportation array.

In the next second, he started a large formation and entered zero degrees of space.

Upon entering the zero-degree space, Yueling's clone saw three tall and luxurious attics within a radius of hundreds of miles.

That is the wooden house of Qin Feng, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue.

Next to the three wooden houses, there is an ancient tree of ten thousand feet.

That is the eighth-order spiritual tree - the Moon Flower Tree.

At this moment, Qin Feng's avatar sat cross-legged under the Yuehua tree and closed his eyes to realize it.

Those who have A-level dark laws often sit under the Moonflower Tree to comprehend.

The idea of ​​this avatar is Qin Feng's idea.

The clone is comprehending the extreme yin law, in fact, Qin Feng is comprehending the extreme yin law.

Speaking of which, perception is also closely related to the strength of the soul.

The higher the strength of the soul, the stronger the perception will be.

Just now, Qin Feng completed the foundation of the gods, and the strength of his soul was raised to the fourth level of heaven in one fell swoop, which greatly increased his understanding.

This made his understanding of the extreme yin law suddenly deepened a step.

After a while, Yueling's clone had walked under the Yuehua tree.

The avatar opened his eyes with a smile on his face.

The two sides are of the same heart, and naturally know what is going on.

The Moon Spirit clone handed over the Ice Spirit Orb in his hand.

After the clone got the Spirit Orb, it began to fuse.

At the same moment, Yueling clone looked up at the sky.

Above that sky, there is a round of daylight, exuding endless sunshine.

It is the eighth-order spiritual object - the Great Sun Spirit Orb.

Below the Great Sun Spirit Orb, two figures are sitting cross-legged, with their eyes closed.

The big figure is Qin Feng's fourth clone.

The small figure is a little girl transformed by Xiao Luan'er.

They are comprehending the S-level - the law of the extreme sun.

Those who possess the A-level law of light often sit under the Great Sun Spirit Pearl to comprehend, and there is a certain chance that they will be able to comprehend the S-level - the extreme sun law.

Now, Qin Feng's avatar and Xiao Luan's perception have improved.

However, looking at the fluctuation of the light law of the clone, it is obviously much stronger than Xiao Luan'er.

Obviously, Qin Feng's understanding is far stronger than Xiao Luan'er.

Seeing this, Yueling's clone showed a satisfied smile.

Now everything is developing in a good direction, and people are full of expectations for the future.