At this moment, the avatar on the side finished fusing the Ice Spirit Orb, and the aura also changed a little.

The two avatars looked at each other and smiled, their hearts filled with joy.

So far, Qin Feng's third avatar has lifted the distance limit and is named Bingling avatar

At the same time, inside the Chi Clan camp.

Liu Xuan and others surrounded the Mirage clone.

"Boss, what's the origin of that old man just now?"

"That old guy is a heavenly powerhouse! I'm afraid the origin is not simple!"

Everyone's faces showed concern.

It is not a good omen to be found by a heavenly powerhouse.

"That old man is from the Yuan clan!"

The Mirage clone looked calm.

Before killing Ji Lao, he had used his eyes to see the origin of Ji Lao.

When these words fell, everyone was surprised.

"The Yuan clan? Isn't that the guardian force that launched the prestige challenge!"

"Yeah! It's them!"

"As far as the current information is concerned, the Yuan clan is the strongest guardian force in this area! Their patriarch seems to be a top three-level peak powerhouse!"

"Hey~! Heaven-level triple peak! This situation is not good!"

All this information was obtained by Qi Jie from the prisoners of the Cang clan.

Therefore, when everyone heard that they were from the Yuan clan, they were a little worried.

At this time, the phantom avatar said again: "The old man must be a pivotal figure in the Yuan family. Once he dies, the Yuan family will not give up, and will come to the door sooner or later. From now on, you must always be prepared for defense! "

"Yes!"

Everyone complied.

After the command was finished, the phantom clone left the scene.

After the Mirage clone left, everyone looked serious and talked about the current situation in a low voice.

As soon as the old man died, the conflict between Longyuan Town and the Yuan family would be inevitable, and it would break out soon.

And the strength of the Yuan clan is not only its own clan.

It also has two vassal forces, namely the Stone Clan and the Night Clan of the seven guardian forces.

Of the seven guardian forces, the backers of the Cang clan and the Zhi clan are the beast gods.

The backers of the Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan are the old monsters of Xunyungang.

The backer of the Shi and Ye clans is Yuan Kong of the Yuan clan.

Provoking the Yuan clan is equivalent to provoking the three major guardian forces at once: the Yuan clan, the night clan, and the stone clan.

The three clans add up to nearly 100,000 people, six times as many as Longyuan Town.

At this thought, everyone was naturally a little worried, and there were more discussions.

At this time, Liu Xuan smiled slightly.

"Don't worry everyone! We have the boss, even if the Yuan clan has ten times more people, it will not be our opponent. In the future, our Longyuan Town will be the only overlord in this area!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

"Boss Liu Xuan is right!"

"By the way, before the boss built the foundation, his strength was stronger than the beast god. Now, he is building the foundation of the gods. When he completes the foundation building, his strength can completely crush the original beast god. Yuan Kong is stronger than the beast god. Not much, and naturally it will be crushed by the boss!"

Hearing this, everyone's eyes lit up and smiled.

"It makes sense! You said that, I can't wait to destroy the Yuan family, so that we can unite this area in Longyuan Town as soon as possible!"

"Don't worry! Before attacking the Yuan clan, it is best to weaken the strength of the Yuan clan!"

"Weakening the Yuan clan? How to weaken it?"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Brother, have you forgotten? This time the prestige challenge was launched by the Yuan clan! They must think that no one in the challenge force can reach 200 prestige points before they dare to challenge. I'm afraid they never thought of it, our boss. It's already 200 points!"

"Haha! When I think of this, I want to laugh! When the prestige challenge is over, the Yuan clan finds that someone has broken 200 prestige points, what will their expressions be?"

"Haha! That can't be a problem with expressions! They still have to be punished, it's a reward for one and a penalty for ten!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone became excited.

"By the way, everyone, how many rewards do you think the boss can get for this prestige challenge?"

"I don't know! Now, no one knows how famous Lao Dao is?"

"I guess it's 300 points!"

"300 points? Just kidding! The boss broke 200 points a long time ago. It is estimated that it has doubled now and has 400 points!"

"My God! 400 reputation points! That's 30,000 attribute rewards, and the Yuan clan will be fined 300,000 attribute points, it will be very miserable! Haha!"

"Hey! I guess the boss might have 500 points!"

"500 points? That's a bit too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! I also think 500 points is too exaggerated! Reputation is not so easy to get!"

"Brothers, stop guessing! In 2 hours, the prestige challenge will end. At that time, we will all know how much prestige the boss has and how many rewards he can get."

"Yes! I really look forward to the results coming out soon!"

"I really hope that the boss can break 500 reputation points and give the Yuan clan a ruthless meal!"

"I hope so too!"

At this moment, everyone is looking forward to it.

They don't know that Qin Feng's reputation has reached 791 points, let alone 500 points, even if it is not far from 800 points

At the same time, Yuanzu headquarters.

In an attic, Yuan Kong stood by the window, looking at the drooping sunset in the sky.

With two hours to go, the prestige challenge will end!

The more excited he got when the results were about to be revealed.

In his opinion, the harvest season is coming soon.

I don't know if there are any challengers who can break 200 points this time?

Shouldn't be!

The Yaotian family had launched a prestige challenge in the second area, and there was not even a single person who had broken 100 prestige points.

The number of challenger villages in this area is less than that in area 2, which means that area 1 is weaker than area 2, and it is even less likely to have a reputation of breaking 100 points, let alone breaking 200 points.

Thinking of this, Yuan Kong became more calm and looked forward to the result of the prestige challenge.

At this moment, there was a sound of footsteps behind him.

A beautiful woman came over, it was that Ji Ning.

Yuankong turned back: "Ningmei, how is it? Does Mr. Ji have a reply?"

Ji Ning shook his head: "I just contacted my father, but there is still no reply, it's really strange! Calculate the time, he should have arrived at the headquarter of the Qi clan."

It turns out that this Ji Ning is Ji Lao's daughter.

Yuan Kong frowned slightly: "The clan is really weird! Old Ji must have discovered some secret, I'm afraid he doesn't have time to reply for a while."

Ji Ning worried: "Patriarch, will my father be okay?"

Yuan Kong smiled confidently: "Don't worry! With Ji Lao's strength, no one from the Ji clan can keep him. Unless the beast **** takes the shot himself! And the beast **** once lost half of my moves, he still dare not do anything to my people. . Ji Lao will be fine!"

Hearing this, Ji Ning breathed a sigh of relief.

Yuankong looked at the sky again: "Ningmei, Ji Lao's affairs will be put aside for now. The prestige challenge will be over soon, you ask everyone to gather in the square. After waiting for two hours, our clan launched an attack on the challenging forces. !"

"Yes!"

Jining hurriedly took the order and left

At the same time, in the depths of the hall of divine grade assessment, above the altar of foundation building.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his face showed joy again.

At this time, the divine light that descended from the sky had dissipated, and all visions had disappeared.

Heaven also sent a reminder

【Extra rewards are complete! Your Earth-level Spirit Seal (high-level divine product) has been strengthened by 50%, and the power of foundation building you control has reached 6000 stars. 】

【Extra rewards are complete! Your life limit is increased to 450 years old. 】

【Extra rewards are complete! Your body strengthening has increased by 50% again, and your basic combat power has increased to 8200 stars. 】

【Extra rewards are complete! The strengthening of your soul body has increased by 50% again, and the strength of your soul body has reached the sixth level of heaven. 】

It's finally over!

Qin Feng stood up happily.

Today, his foundation building power has reached 6000 stars.

That's somewhere between the top grade and the top grade.

The power of top-grade harmony is 4000 stars.

The power of the best combination is 10,000 stars.

But you must know that the power of combining the Tao is the ability to be controlled by the heaven-level powerhouse.

Qin Feng is only an earth-level powerhouse, and his foundation-building power has reached 6,000 stars, which is much stronger than the top-grade Hedao.

If you count his basic combat power of 8,200 stars, his comprehensive combat power can reach 14,200 stars, which is a proper peak of the fifth level of heaven.

However, he has many talents, and his comprehensive strength can completely reach the sixth level of heaven.

If he were to meet the gluttonous demon again, he would be able to crush the gluttonous demon head-on, and he would no longer need to use tricks.

What's more, his promotion has only just begun.

He finally broke through to the prefecture-level realm, and many of his methods can be used, and there are still many S-level talents that can be learned.

Thinking of these, Qin Feng's heart is hot.

However, the most important thing right now is the prestige challenge!

The 800-point reputation goal is still 9 points away.

PS: The little author begged for a monthly pass at the beginning of the month, everyone, please give me a monthly pass, thank you

Chapter 354 Level 9 Rewards! Best wishes!

"Calculate the time, there are still two hours left, and the prestige challenge assessment is about to end!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He has to rush to kill the Stargate Guardian Beast.

When he gets the 800 reputation target, he will hurry up and awaken his seventh sense.

As long as the seventh sense is awakened, he will immediately be able to master three S-rank talents, namely the reincarnation of light and dark, the law of destruction, and the law of killing.

At that time, his overall strength can be greatly improved!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more he looks forward to it!

Om~!

At this moment, there was a clear sound under the altar.

Then, a white door of light appeared out of thin air!

That is the exit to the Holy Martial Hall.